CHAPTER ONE

"Oh hell, no."

The words exploded from Solie's lips as she stared out the kitchen window.

Ever since that flippin' man moved in next door he'd been nothing but trouble. First, his stupid robotic lawn mower smashed up her hedge when he'd been landscaping. Then his Great Dane wouldn't stop howling in the middle of the night. And now this. A friggin' construction crew in the backyard?

Bristling like a porcupine she flung open the back door and marched out. "What do you think you're doing?" She was yelling the words before she even got to the hedge. "Don't you know there's no construction allowed in this neighborhood on a Sunday afternoon?"

The man didn't even have the grace to turn and acknowledge her. His back to her, he waved to a man in a fluorescent orange vest, directing him as he lifted a plank into the air. Another man grabbed the other end, fitted it against a frame and proceeded to bang away, not seeming to care one hoot that he was making one heck of a racket.

"Hey, you. I'm talking to you." Solie could feel her ire rising the closer she got to the hedge that separated her yard from his. She hopped onto a flat-topped rock by the hedge so she could get a better view. "You can't just ignore me. I have my rights."

That must have gotten his attention because slowly and deliberately he turned then caught and held her gaze in a stare so icy-cold it almost froze her in her tracks. His dark eyes boring into her, his brows knitted in a heavy frown, he straightened and she could see he was well over six feet tall. As if she didn't know that already. He'd been her neighbor for the past two months and she'd checked him out from day one.

But that was beside the point. Ever since he'd moved next door he'd been annoying the heck out of her and now it would have to stop. "Whatever you're doing can wait till Monday when people are out at work. This is the weekend, for Christ's sake. What joy do you get in disturbing your neighbors?"

The man's mouth curled in a cynical smile. "As far as I see, you're the only one complaining."

"Yeah, because you don't have a neighbor on the other side of you. If you did they'd be hopping all over you right now."

He raised an eyebrow. "Like you're hopping all over me?"

"Oh, you think I'm hopping all over you? Not even close." She screwed up her lips and gave him her tough girl look. "You don't want to see me when I'm hopping mad, mister. Trust me on that."

To her chagrin, instead of backing off the man gave a bark of a laugh. "So I'm living next door to a bulldog, am I?" He cocked his head to one side and regarded her for several seconds, an evil glint in his narrowed eyes. "I might piss you off just to see what you'll do about it."

Solie's breath tightened in her chest. "You think this is a joke, do you?" She took a step closer to the hedge, close enough so the others couldn't hear her but the words would hit him where it hurt. "You think I won't call the police? Keep this up and just see if I don't. It's against the law."

The man gave a snort and took a step closer, mimicking her move, then he regarded her with unveiled scorn. "What law? I'm on my own property. There's no law that says I can't build a gazebo in my backyard."

"No, but there's a law that says you can't create a heck of a noise nuisance for your neighbor on a Sunday. This is a day for relaxation and family, in case you didn't know."

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "Oh, really."

"Yes, really." There. She had him. He would have to shut this thing down or else he would be in hot water for sure. She was not going to back down on this one.

"And what if I told you," he said, his voice suspiciously gentle, the sardonic smile back on his lips, "that today isn't Sunday?"

Solie glared at him. What did he take her for? "Please don't waste my time. Just shut this thing down right now if you don't want a holy mess on your hands." She threw him a sarcastic smile of her own. "I'm sure you don't want a visit from our friendly neighborhood police."

"Go ahead and call," he said, giving her a confident grin, "but I recommend you check your calendar before you put your foot in it."

He was turning to walk away when Solie jammed her fists on her h*ps and growled, "What's that supposed to mean?"

He only chuckled and said, "Just do what I told you," and then he was heading back toward the men, barking orders for them to continue working as if she hadn't just complained about the noise.

"We'll see about that." Solie was grumbling as she whirled around and headed back to the kitchen. She'd have the police out here so fast he wouldn't know what hit him. And if the police wouldn't come she knew she could count on the president of the neighborhood association to fly to her rescue. Sandy Parkinson was nothing if not enthusiastic about her role as president. Maybe a little too enthusiastic, but still...

She was reaching for the phone when a tiny voice in her head began to whisper and the whisper quickly grew into a full-fledged nag that made her leave the phone and walk out into the hallway where a flowery calendar hung. He'd said to check the calendar, so she did...and that was when she saw that he was right. Today was definitely not Sunday. What the hell?

Solie's hand flew to her mouth and she began to nibble at her nail as she did a fast rewind in her mind. Over the past four days she'd done two eight hour shifts then a twelve hour one then another twelve hours which had ended in the wee hours of the morning. So she'd come off on Saturday, hadn't she? Or had it been Sunday? Christ, it must have been Sunday because the calendar was saying today was Monday the twenty-first and not the weekend as she'd thought. She blinked. How could she have missed an entire day?

And then her face fell as she realized what she'd just done. She'd gone and made a dang fool of herself, accusing her neighbor of disturbing the peace when he'd been carrying out a legitimate task on a week day. Groan...

Now she would have to apologize for flying off the handle. Or maybe she could just hide out in the house for the next few months and avoid the back yard altogether. Hopefully, he'd soon forget about the whole thing.

The problem was, ever since they'd met that first day, there was just something about her neighbor that rubbed Solie the wrong way. They hadn't hit it off when his moving truck had blocked her in when she was trying to rush out to work, and things had gone downhill ever since. Mind you, she could have been agreeable and simply asked him nicely to have his men move the truck. But no, in frustration heightened by her haste she'd blasted him on the spot, and the fact that he'd paid her back by taking his own sweet time in getting them to move hadn't endeared him to her one bit.

But the worst thing about the whole situation - honestly, the most annoying thing - was that from the very first day she'd laid eyes on him, even as she was cursing him out her body was tingling with an awareness she hadn't felt in the longest. It was the first time anything like that had happened to her since she'd gotten rid of her slimy, cheating boyfriend over a year before.

And the second worst thing - if you could have two worst things - was that this man who'd moved in next door kind of looked like her ex. And everybody knew that men as good-looking as that were dogs. Painfully aware of her weakness for tall men with raven-black hair, piercing dark eyes and chiseled jaw line, she really didn't want one of those living beside her.

She had absolutely no intention of slipping and falling in attraction or anything else with him. And that was why he shouldn't have moved in beside her.

Damn the man!

***

Of all the places in Fort Lauderdale he could have moved to, he had to choose the house next to the craziest, most cantankerous woman he'd ever met. Talk about bad luck.

Ransom shook his head. He didn't even know the girl's name but already she'd needled her way under his skin in more ways than one. Was there nothing she didn't complain about? If it wasn't the hedge it was his dog and now this. So he couldn't make noise either? And how else was he going to get his construction done?

Well, if she was complaining about that then she would soon have a whole lot more complaining to do because he'd already planned on having the guys over next Tuesday to celebrate the start of the NBA season. As far as he was concerned, October twenty-nine could not come fast enough.

And if a certain dark-haired beauty with flashing ebony eyes and pouty lips had a problem with him and the guys hanging out in his new gazebo, then too bad. His crew was not a quiet bunch and he was not about to apologize for it.

As he thought about the girl he was actually smiling as he grabbed his bright yellow hard hat and went out the door, pulling it closed behind him. At least she couldn't be accused of being boring. When it came to neighbors she was one of the most interesting he'd ever had, even if not the most friendly.

Ransom had never been one to glory in his wealth and when he'd decided to move out of his penthouse suite in Miami Beach to settle in Fort Lauderdale he'd had no regrets. He'd grown up in a humble home in Iowa and it was only through drive, perseverance and sheer luck that he'd made it to where he'd now reached, one of fewer than five hundred billionaires in the entire United States. He'd always loved the construction industry and had started his business twelve years earlier, building low income homes in rural communities. Despite the economic recession, or perhaps because of it, his business boomed throughout the first decade of the twenty-first century until he was constructing homes in forty states as well as Canada and Mexico.

His massive break came in 2009 when he landed a huge government contract that doubled his business in the first year and by year three he'd secured a place in the nation's exclusive list of billionaires. The business had him travelling all over North America and he soon ended up with homes in Toronto, Dallas, Washington D. C. and Miami, all of them luxurious, but for this project in Fort Lauderdale he wanted a change. This time he was ditching the image of the grand CEO of Kent Industries and going back to his roots. In Fort Lauderdale his plan was to be 'hands-on' and he wanted to live like it, too. No exclusive dwellings for him. He'd be mingling with the regular crowd.

Pity he hadn't realized that this mingling would include a wicked witch on his west side, a pretty little one at that. Too bad she had a mean streak that he would do best to avoid.

And he would avoid her, all right, at least until the end of the day. He would leave his men at their task while he headed for his latest construction site in the heart of Fort Lauderdale's business district, a fifty-storey building that would house the corporate headquarters of one of the largest clothing retailers in the United States. At that height it would become the tallest building in the city's skyline, beating Las Olas River House by eight floors.

This was a big move for Ransom, stepping out of the construction of residential homes and into commercial buildings, but as far as he was concerned it was a timely move. He'd never been one to remain stagnant and was always challenging himself to try new things and that was part of the reason his business had grown at warp speed. With his venture into commercial construction he could only imagine how much farther he could go in the next ten years.

As he drove he reached over and pressed the speed dial on his cell phone.

"Yeah, boss?"

The voice of his second-in-command for the project boomed loud and clear, drawing a small smile from Ransom. If there was one person he knew he could count on it was Trevor Jones, his chief construction and project manager. In over seven years of working with him he'd been nothing less than one hundred percent dependable.

"How's the home project going?" Trevor asked.

"Pretty good. It will be ready long before my NBA launch party. You're coming, right?"

"When you say party do I ever turn you down?" He gave a deep, rumbling chuckle into the phone. "I'll be there and I'll bring the beer."

"You know I've got that covered. Just bring yourself. But a word of warning."

"What's that?"

"I'm having the usual crowd, probably close to a dozen of us, and you're by far the loudest. This time you've got to tone it down."

"Why's that?"

"I've got a pit bull living next door and she doesn't like noise. She's likely to fly over the hedge and rip your face off if you get her riled up."

Trevor laughed. "Speaking from personal experience?"

Ransom gave a grunt. "You could say that."

"Well, boss, all I can say is, bring her on. I doubt she'd have the guts to stand up to a three hundred pound former linebacker like myself. I'll have her shaking in her boots."

Ransom could only grimace. He had a feeling his feisty neighbor would prove Trevor dead wrong.

CHAPTER TWO

"Soledad, it's for you."

At the sound of her name Solie deposited the tray of syringes on the desk and turned to see Kyra, her old friend and long-time co-worker, holding out the phone to her. "Dr. Gupta?" she asked as she hurried over to take the receiver from Kyra's hand. At her friend's nod she put the phone to her ear. "Yes, doctor? Did the results come in?"

"Yes, and I'm afraid it's not good. You'll need to monitor Mr. Gerritsen very carefully. He's getting close." The doctor's heavily accented voice was grim.

Solie felt her heart tighten in her chest. "You mean there's nothing we can do for him?"

"Nothing except make him as comfortable as possible."

Her heart, already tense and choked, now dissolved into silent tears for her beloved patient but outside of an involuntary sigh and the sag of her shoulders she gave no outward show of emotion. How could she? The reality of illness, the loss of a patient - this was her life every day that she worked in the palliative care unit. She'd known that with all his health issues Mr. Gerritsen's time was limited but she'd hoped...prayed...that he would live to see Christmas. The man was only fifty-five and had a brand new grandchild. Couldn't he be spared long enough to make it to the little one's 'Baby's First Christmas' party?

She'd hoped against hope that the test results would have shown that the new medication was slowing the progress of his disease but he was moving as rapidly toward death's door as he'd been before their desperate experiment. It was not meant to be.

But now there was no time to stand there dwelling on her patient's plight. The buzzer on her desk was going off and she knew what that meant. Another emergency to deal with. Dr. Gupta would be meeting with Mr. Gerritsen soon so for now all she could do was leave things in his hands while she ran to attend to another cry for help.

By the time Solie finished her shift and left the hospital eleven hours later she felt like she'd been wrung and put out to dry. No matter that it was only seven o'clock in the evening, all she wanted to do right then was dive into bed. If she never heard another buzzer or call for 'code blue' it would be too soon.

When she got home she didn't even bother with dinner but went straight to the bathroom where she had a warm shower, threw her window open to get some air then climbed into her soft, sweet-smelling bed. Heaven.

Her head had just touched the pillow when the space outside her window erupted in a burst of laughter and cheers that had her springing up. What the heck?

She dashed over to the window and stuck her head out. The sun had already set but she peered through the red-tinged shadows and what she saw made her exhaustion fly out the window on the next breeze. Her neighbor, that beast of a man, was at it again. She was staring right at his newly built gazebo and it looked like he had a hundred people, all men, hanging out in his backyard. Didn't he know that in this residential neighborhood a crowd like that was against the law?

Immediately, she swung away from the window and grabbed her robe from the back of the chair. It didn't matter that she was wearing oversized pajamas that flapped around her legs. She didn't care what she looked like. She just wanted the party over.

Muttering under her breath she marched out of the bedroom and down the hallway. When she got to the back door she flung it open and stomped across the grass toward the oh, so familiar hedge, the place where she'd been having so many heated conversations lately. Climbing on top of the rock by the shrubbery she peered over the hedge. From that vantage point she had a perfect view of the men milling around in her neighbor's backyard.

Okay, so it wasn't a hundred of them back there, more like a dozen, but still...with the noise they were making it was just too much. And on top of all that there was that dog again. As soon as her head popped over the fence he bounded toward her, barking like he'd gone mad and bouncing around like he thought it would make her jump over and have a romp with him. Yeah, right.

And there, following right behind the dog was its owner, loping toward the border between their homes, his mouth set in a grim line like he was ready for a fight. Well, he could bring it on because she was ready and she'd be the first to get the ball rolling.

"Excuse me, but you and your rowdy crowd are creating a major noise disturbance. I'm trying to get some sleep over here." Her voice carried across the space loud and clear, making the men turn to regard her with curious eyes. Some of them grinned up at her, some stared then turned back to whatever they were doing, but a couple of them looked surprised by her outburst. She didn't give a damn. She wasn't the one at fault here. Their host was to blame. "Either you tell your people to be quiet or I'm calling the police."

The man had bent over to pat his dog's head but at her words he straightened to his full height which couldn't have been less than six foot one or two. His brows fell and he was opening his mouth to respond when one of his party walked over and slapped him on the back.

"So this is the feisty little neighbor I've been hearing about. She's pretty." Nodding, the big man gave her an indulgent smile like she was a cute little school kid and not a grown woman, and the fact that she was sensitive about what her friends called her 'baby face' did not make his comment any more palatable. "So what gives, little lady? Has my friend here been bothering you? Just say they word and I'll tackle him for you."

"Thank you but just stay out of this. I can handle my problems myself." She gave the man a withering look. If he was in the company of the beast then he was one of the enemy.

The man's face fell. He was obviously taken aback by her bitter rejoinder.

His startled look actually made Solie feel bad. If the man weren't the color of hot chocolate he probably would have turned red in the face. Okay, so maybe she didn't have to slam him that hard. After all, it was that other man who was pissing her off. She drew in a deep breath. She really had to get a hold on her emotions.

"I'm sorry," she said quickly. "That was uncalled for." She shook her head then turned her attention back to the man who was now regarding her with a face as dark as thunder clouds. "It's you I have a problem with. Do you do these things to annoy me?"

Almost casually, the man folded his arms across his chest, tilted his chin and looked at her through narrowed eyes. "Maybe," he said, his voice deceptively soft.

Her brows fell and, with a pout added, her frown turned into a scowl. "Maybe? You mean you're doing these things deliberately?"

His expression made it clear that he thought she was daft. "You've got a mind of your own. Think whatever you like," he said, his tone little better than a scoff. "Just don't come pissing your anger all over my lawn. I'm within my rights and you know it."

"I know no such thing. If you don't shut this party down right now I'm calling the police." The nerve of him.

He jerked his chin at her. "Go do what you have to do." With that, he turned and strode away, his bewildered-looking friend by his side.

Solie clenched her teeth and balled her hands into fists. If she could only get her hands on him she'd show him who he was dealing with.

With a frustrated growl she hopped off the rock and stomped back into the house. He was right. The noise wasn't loud enough to be a public disturbance so she didn't dare call the police. But she knew he would mess up again and she was sure it would be soon. And when he did she would get him.

He could bet his butt on that.

***

The days were flying by so fast Ransom couldn't believe it had been a week since he'd last visited the construction site. He'd been caught up in the office for days and the need to make a quick trip to his New York office hadn't helped. Today, though, he would not let it slide. He hated to feel out of the loop on such an important project.

When he pulled into the parking lot at the site he hadn't even shut off the engine when his construction foreman, a brawny middle-aged man wearing the standard fluorescent orange vest and yellow hard hat ran toward his truck. "We've got a problem," he blurted out before he'd even come to a halt.

That was an immediate attention grabber. The last thing you wanted to hear on a construction site was that there was a problem. There was too much that could go wrong. He threw the door open and got out. "What's going on?"

Gordon shook his head. "The same problem. We thought we'd resolved it but like a friggin' pendulum it keeps coming back."

"Plumbing again?"

That got him a nod from the foreman. "That damn fool of a plumbing contractor we've got isn't worth a sack of dirt. Doesn't know his head from his ass, if you ask me."

Ransom could have reminded him that they'd hired the man on his recommendation but he kept his mouth shut. No sense in going there, not when it wouldn't resolve a thing. He would much rather focus on resolving the issue than on casting blame. "The leak is still in the underground parking garage?" he asked.

"Yeah," Gordon said, falling into step beside Ransom who'd already set off across the gravelly parking lot. "He's down there with his crew right now."

Ransom gave a grunt and kept on walking. For many of his other projects he'd relied on his team of managers to ensure that things ran smoothly but for this one he'd decided to immerse himself fully. Now he was beginning to wonder if that had been such a good idea. They were beginning to rely on him a little bit too much.

When he got to the location it was to find Egan Stiles tapping his fist against his chin, a look of confusion in his eyes. Not good.

As Ransom approached he looked up then nodded. "Glad you're here, Mr. Kent. Good to have someone I can discuss this with. Someone who won't go flying off the handle." He directed a pointed look toward Gordon who had come in just behind his boss.

Ransom ignored his jibe. "Where's the problem this time? Same place?"

Stiles shook his head. "It's shifted to the north passageway. I have my crew on it but just can't figure out why this would crop up again. That's what's beating me." He was back to tapping his fist against his chin.

"Take me to it."

At Ransom's words a look of surprise flashed across the contractor's face but, just as swiftly, he tightened his lips and turned. "Follow me, please." His voice was businesslike, almost brusque, as if it had dawned on him that his show of confusion could have been construed as a sign of weakness.

For his sake, Ransom hoped it was a minor glitch because if the problem couldn't be resolved within the next twenty-four hours then he would have his foreman give him his walking papers. In this type of business where production schedules were critical he had no time for incompetence.

When they got to the north passage Stiles pointed to a narrow tunnel. "It's along here. The guys are busy down there so it doesn't make sense to bother them while-" He broke off when Ransom strode past him, bent his head and headed into the shadowy walkway. "Hey, I didn't mean for you to go down there. I'll get the guys to come out and talk to you."

Ransom ignored him. He wanted no second party reports on what was going on. He needed to see what was up. "It's not safe." He heard the yelled words but did not slow his pace. He was going to see things for himself. That was the only way he would understand what the devil was going on.

It was getting darker as he progressed but when he saw lights at the end of the passage he knew he was near. He sped up as he got closer but he was almost upon the lights when he realized the men were nowhere in sight. What the blazes?

"Hey, anyone here?" he called out and that was when he heard a muffled sound above his head. He looked up and at that moment something sounding big and heavy and metallic clanged its way down the chute. Quick as a flash Ransom ducked his head but just as he was about to swing away to safety he felt a rush of wind and caught sight of a black mass flying toward him.

He glanced away just in time to avoid a full frontal slam to his face but his luck ran out when the missile crashed into the side of his head.

The last thing he felt was his head splitting open and then he crumpled to the floor.

CHAPTER THREE

"E.R.'s not my thing. They know that." Solie was not a happy camper as she strode purposefully down the hallway, a fellow nurse in tow. "As if I haven't been under enough stress..." She didn't have to say more. Her colleague knew exactly what she meant.

"Yeah, well, welcome to my world." Anita shrugged as if this sort of thing happened to her every day. "I've been shifted around this hospital so much it's like I'm a rolling stone. As soon as I get in the groove at one department, poof! They wave the magic wand and I'm off again."

"But you know me, 'Nita. I hate change."

Anita shook her head. "True. But it's not like we have a say in where they send us."

"But my patients in palliative-"

"Come off it, Soledad. They say they're short in E.R. so we just have to go. It's not what we want to do, it's what we've got to do." Anita clucked her tongue at Solie.

As they rounded the corner that led to E.R. Solie sighed. "I know, girl. It's not like I don't. I'm just letting off steam, that's all." She bit her lip. "I've got a patient...I don't want to be too far away. He...needs me near right now." She surprised herself when she felt the sharp prick of a tear. Come on, Solie. No breaking down on the job.

Anita threw her a sympathetic look. "He's getting close, is he?"

Solie nodded. "Real close. I want to be there in case he calls for me."

"No family?"

"His wife's been here since yesterday but she left half an hour ago. Poor woman. She's exhausted."

The conversation came to an abrupt halt when they got to the triage desk. Immediately, a frazzled looking nurse grabbed Anita by the hand and pulled her over to a waiting chair. "Cover for me," she said, her brows furrowed in a frown. "I haven't eaten all day and I have a splitting headache. I've got to go." She raised a hand to her forehead then glanced over at Solie. "Dr. Delgado needs you on the trauma team. Get yourself over there right now."

The woman didn't have to say another word. Solie swung around, pushed through the swinging doors behind Triage and hurried to the trauma center. Where lives were concerned, particularly in an emergency department, there was not a minute to spare.

When she walked in three pairs of eyes swung toward her. The doctor gave her a curt nod. "Nurse Felix. Bed twelve, concussion. Check all vital signs and administer Percocet. Intravenous. Medication in one liter of solution. Go." Not sparing her more than a glance the doctor dropped her eyes again to the patient lying on the stretcher, an oxygen mask covering the lower half of his face.

"Yes, doctor." She was heading for bed twelve before the doctor had even finished barking out her instructions. She'd worked in E.R. before and she knew that rapid action was critical. She headed down the passageway to bed twelve, threw back the pale blue curtain and stepped forward.

What she saw made Solie freeze in her tracks. Dios! She knew the man lying in the bed. Eyes closed, his breathing shallow, there was a real vulnerability to him but there was no mistaking the rugged jaw, the wide forehead and the furrowed brow of her neighbor.

In that instant Solie's heart pitched forward and slammed into her ribs. The shock made her suck in her breath, her palms suddenly growing moist. When she hurried to his side and stared down at his pale face all she could think was, Oh God, make him be all right. For some reason, seeing him like this made her feel faint. Why she was having this reaction, only heaven knew, but there was no time to think about that now.

She grabbed his chart and skimmed it quickly. Ransom Kent. Head injury on the job. Construction site. Hit on the head by a wrench? What the hell? He could have been killed. Involuntarily Solie's eyes flew to him again and that was when she saw that he was wide awake and staring right at her.

For a split second he seemed confused, his brows knitting as his dark eyes focused on her, then a spark of recognition appeared and he blinked. "What are you doing here?" His voice was hoarse and gravelly, little more than a whisper. He didn't wait for an answer. His frown deepening, he turned his head to glance around. "Where am I?"

"Stay still." Quickly, Solie reached out to lay a firm hand on his arm. "You've suffered a concussion. You need to lie absolutely still right now."

"Concussion?" He frowned and raised a hand to his forehead then he was looking around again, at his curtained-off temporary hospital room, the medical equipment and then the machines to which he'd been hooked up, totally ignoring her instruction to stay still. "How..." He frowned again, as if trying hard to remember.

"Please, just relax," she said gently, and as she was talking she pulled the blood pressure machine close and began strapping the thick blue band around his upper arm. "You were rushed in from a construction site," she explained quickly. "Head injury. You were hit on the head by a ...wrench." She could hardly get the last word out.

Her patient groaned. "Oh, yeah. I remember now. Something fell out of the chute and brained me." He gave a soft chuckle then sank back into the pillows. "A wrench, was it?"

Why was he even laughing? "My God, you could have been killed." The words flew out before she could stop them. She hadn't meant to be unprofessional but she couldn't help it. Didn't he realize how close he'd come?

His soft laughter died away. "I guess I should be grateful for my hard hat."

"It saved your life," she said softly. She had no doubt that it had.

The fact that he was still alive told her that he hadn't taken a direct hit. The wrench must have glanced off the side of his hard hat. Maybe he'd seen it coming and shifted just in time, she didn't know. The only thing she knew was that he was here, he was conscious and he was talking. Thank the stars for that.

But this was no time to reflect on what had almost happened. It hadn't, and that was all that mattered. Now she had work to do. "Stay still," she said, her tone extra firm as she tried to get a hold of her emotions. She was a nurse, dammit. Where was all this emotion coming from? He was a patient just like any other. "No movement while I check your blood pressure."

Instead of closing his eyes and lying back like she thought he would, Mr. Neighbor gave her a smug look and curled his lips into something that was more of a smirk than a smile. "Are you okay?" he asked, his eyes never leaving her. In fact, if he hadn't been lying in a hospital bed Solie would almost say he was checking her out. His eyes were roaming up her body, over her scrubs and up to her face, making her feel like she was wearing the slinkiest of outfits. "You look...flustered." He chuckled as he said the word, which pissed her off big time. How dare he be so bold when he was supposed to be weak and vulnerable? Wasn't he supposed to be disoriented?

Just then the blood pressure machine beeped, much to her relief. Leaning over, she rested her hand on his arm to release him from the band. This time, though, instead of touching only the blue rubber of the cuff her fingers slipped - or betrayed her, she wasn't sure which - and the next thing she knew she'd come in contact with solid, unyielding muscle so firm and warm, throbbing with a strength that made a lie of his current state of weakness. How would it feel to have those arms around her?

Solie blinked and pulled her hand away. Jeez, girl, get a hold of yourself. This is your patient you're lusting after. "How are you feeling now? Does your head hurt?" She practically blurted the words out in her haste to cover her momentary lapse. She would just die if he noticed she'd been staring. No, not just staring, lusting after him...if she should admit it to her wicked, wicked self.

"I'm good," he said with a crooked smile. "What about you?" He gave her a self-satisfied smile.

Solie felt the telltale warmth begin to rise in her cheeks. She tightened her lips in near frustration. If she didn't know better she would almost say he knew exactly what she was feeling right then. But how could he? The man had just suffered a serious head injury. She was surprised he wasn't groggy and dazed. Far from it, he looked like he was the one in control of the situation, not her. And she didn't like it. Not one bit...

Solie turned away from her patient and reached for her tray. When she rolled it toward the bed and turned back to him she had her supplies and she was ready to work. The weakling of a woman, uber-conscious of the sexy man lying in the bed, was gone. Now she was Nurse Felix again. She picked up the syringe and ripped open the wrapper then reached for the needle.

In that instant the man on the bed sucked in his breath. When Solie glanced at him his previously hooded eyes were now wide as he stared at the needle flashing under the stark white light of the fluorescent bulbs overhead. As she moved toward him he almost seemed to shrink back in the bed.

"Where are you going with that?" His voice was gruff but he didn't look at her. His eyes, as if mesmerized, never left the needle in her hand. It was the first sign of weakness she'd seen in this man since the day they'd met. He was genuinely scared.

Trypanophobia. The man had needle phobia, that much was obvious. No matter how big and bad and bold he'd thought himself, she was the one who was now in control. She almost smiled. But no, she would not be callous. It was her job to help him. Reassuring him and getting him to relax was part of that job.

"I need to hook you up to the IV," she said as she pulled the stand closer. She pointed to the bag of saline hanging from the hook. "We have to make sure you're properly hydrated. I also need you hooked up so we can administer your medication easily." As she spoke she was ripping a sterile cotton swab from its packet. "Now if you just give me your arm I'm going to clean the skin just inside your inner elbow. I see a lovely vein there."

It was when she saw his face turn pale that Solie knew it was probably the worst thing she could have said. A lovely vein? The man must be having images of blood shooting out all over the place. She gave him what she hoped was a comforting smile as she drew closer. "Can you make a fist for me?"

When his brows fell and his lips tightened in a hard line she knew she was in for a fight.

***

Ransom could not believe the situation he was in. Being clobbered by a wrench was nothing compared to this. By some cruel twist of fate he'd fallen into the evil clutches of the wicked witch of the west, his neighbor, of all people. And now she was out to get him with the worst weapon she could have chosen. A damn needle.

Where needles were concerned he was a wimp. He'd be the first to admit it. But Christ, did he need this right now, just when he was playing tough guy, right when he was trying to impress his hot neighbor?

And he'd gotten off to a good start, too. He could tell by the way she dropped her eyes whenever he caught her staring, by the soft blush in her cheeks when he let his gaze linger a little too long. She'd seemed confused that he wasn't disoriented and weak and he'd loved that.

But now the tables were turned and she'd see firsthand that he wasn't who she'd thought he was. With that needle she had the power and she could take him down.

"Nurse..." he glanced at the name tag glittering on her chest, "...Soledad. Is this really necessary? Can't you just bring me a jug of water and let me take some pills or something?" Little did she know it but he'd do practically anything to get out of this.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Kent. This is standard hospital procedure. We need our patients fully prepared in case of any emergency. With the IV in your arm we can administer drugs immediately in case of anything sudden, like a seizure. We wouldn't want to be searching for a vein at a time like that, would we?"

There was that word again...vein. For some reason it made him think of his blood draining out of his body. And for some reason he felt like Nurse Soledad F., as her name tag said, was enjoying this. Eyes narrowed, he gave her a suspicious glance. "And what if I refuse?"

"You won't." Her eyes full of challenge, she gave him a crooked grin. "Or else I'll have to call you a baby."

That did it. There was no way he was going to let this slip of a girl have anything over him. She might be the nurse from hell ready to torture him witless and he might be shaking in his boots even as she stared down at him but she didn't need to know that. He stretched his arm out. "You'll never have any reason," he said through gritted teeth, "to call me baby."

She gave him a self-satisfied smile. "We'll see." She came close then leaned over and used the medicated pad to swab a spot on his arm. "Now take a deep breath," she said, almost gently. "You'll feel a tiny prick then it will be over in a second."

Ransom knew when to drop the tough guy act. He drew in a deep breath according to her instructions and as much as he wished he didn't have to, he closed his eyes and turned his face away. It was either that or fall into a dead faint. It had happened before and he wasn't about to let it happen again. Definitely not in front of Miss Soledad F.

The feel of the needle piercing his skin made him bite down on his lower lip but, like she'd said, it was over pretty quick. By the time she'd pressed tape on it and stepped away he could actually peep at the contraption attached to his arm. He drew in another deep breath and let it out slowly. It was only then that he looked up at her.

Soledad had a broad smile on her face. "Well done, Mr. Kent. You did better than I expected."

Now what the hell did that mean? Not wanting to hear the answer to that one, Ransom didn't bother to vocalize his thoughts.

"Now just relax," she continued, still smiling like she wasn't the same person who'd been his bulldog neighbor for the past couple of months. "I'll soon be back to give you your enema."

What the... Ransom's head jerked up and his mouth fell open. "What enema?"

But even as the words left his throat she was laughing and pulling the curtains closed and then she was gone.

Ransom let his head fall back into the pillows and his nostrils flared as his breathing quickened. The wicked witch was back and she was out to have his hide for lunch.

He was at her mercy and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it.

CHAPTER FOUR

"An enema. She got me good, bro." Ransom was chuckling as he watched his brother pull up a chair by his hospital bed. "But I'll find a way to get her back. You can count on that."

Ridge laughed but as he sat down he was shaking his head. "She sounds like a sharp one. I'm not so sure you'll get the better of a girl like her. You were never the sharpest knife in the drawer and now with that bump on your head..."

"Hey, watch it, bud," Ransom growled. "I'm still your big brother and I can whup your butt any time." His threat was nullified by the big grin on his face.

"Boys, behave yourselves." Mother Kent looked from one to the other then tilted her head toward the third man in the hospital room. "Why can't you both be more like Ryder? Look how calm and collected he is. So well behaved."

"Mama's boy," Ridge teased, giving his brother a sardonic grin.

Ryder didn't even spare him a glance. After years of living in a house full of rambunctious brothers he was more than used to the jabs. "So when are they going to let you out of your cell?" he asked, ignoring Ridge who looked like he was trying to come up with some other way to annoy him.

Ransom shrugged, trying to look relaxed. "Maybe by tomorrow. They said they wanted to keep me a couple of days for observation." Then, of their own volition his fingers started tapping the cotton-covered surface of the bed.

Ridge gave a snort. "Yeah, and you want to get out of here like yesterday."

Ransom grimaced. "That obvious, huh?"

"You betcha."

That made Maggie Kent smile. "You're always the impatient one, Ransom, always the first to get up and go. But this time," she said with a shake of her head, "it's time to take it slow. You've suffered a serious injury and the worst thing you could do is rush things. If the doctors say you need to stay here and rest then that's what you need to do." By the time the last words came out her tone had turned firm. Mama Kent had gone into serious mothering mode.

As Ransom looked over at his mother, her brow softly wrinkled as she regarded him with eyes full of concern, his heart swelled with an emotion he knew was love. No matter how old he grew he would never stop loving Magdalena Kent, the woman who had opened her heart and her home to four homeless waifs.

He'd been the first to be adopted by the Kents. They told him he'd joined them when he'd been only two years old, the child of two unfortunate souls who died in a motor vehicle accident. Two years later Ridge joined him then came Ryder and finally, when Ransom was all of eight years old, there came Rafe.

At the thought of his youngest brother Ransom's lips tightened. Rafe. The wayward sheep in the family. The one who'd always been - and probably would always be - a major source of stress for both their parents.

He almost groaned as he opened his mouth to ask the question. He could almost guess the answer before the words even left his mouth. Still, he had to ask. "So what's Rafe up to now? Nowhere near the good old U.S. of A, I can bet."

"No quite," Ridge said, his tone harsh. "But close. The kid takes it as his duty to stay as far from home as he possibly can. Always in a different country. Would live on a different planet if he could."

"Even though he knows how much it makes Mom worry." Ryder's voice was cool but the look on his face was anything but. Whatever Rafe's excuse was this time, it didn't matter. Regardless of how easygoing Ryder usually was, Rafe had managed to piss him off.

"It's all right, boys. Rafe has to live his own life the way he sees fit." As always, Maggie was quick to defend her youngest. The wisps of graying brown hair falling into her face, she looked earnestly at Ransom then at Ryder then at Ridge. She hated it when they fought over Rafe. Sliding forward in her chair she reached over to pat Ransom's hand. "Don't worry about Rafe right now. You just focus on getting well."

Ridge gave a grunt. "Kind of hard to do when my kid brother's acting like a jerk." Then he frowned. "How's all of this affecting Dad?"

At his question Maggie bit her lip and looked down at her hand still resting on top of his. A range of emotions flitted across her face but when she lifted her eyes to look at him again, on her lips she was wearing a brave smile. "Your Dad's a trooper," she said, her voice slightly hoarse. "You know how hard it's been on him since the stroke but I've never heard him complain. Not once."

Ryder left his post by the window and walked over to lay a hand on Maggie's shoulder. "You're his backbone, Mom. You're the one who keeps him going. You're always there...for all of us."

Maggie shook her head but even as she did she was reaching up to cover his hand with hers. "You're my boys," she said, the telltale glint in her eyes giving away the depth of her emotions, "my family. I'm the luckiest woman on earth."

Now it was Ridge's turn to shake his head. "No, we're the lucky ones. Lucky to be blessed with you and Dad in our lives. Thanks, Mom."

Ransom felt the same way but he couldn't help cocking an eyebrow in surprise. They weren't normally an expressive family and when it came to things emotional they tended to keep those to themselves. They all loved one another, that was without doubt, but in their home actions always spoke way louder than words.

He cleared his throat. Things were getting too emotional for his comfort. Time to change the subject. "As soon as I'm back on my feet I'm coming out to the farm to see Dad." He grimaced. "And then I'm going to deal with that runt and get him to come home."

Maggie's smile widened. It was obvious that she was pleased with the news of his plan to visit. "Bill will love that." Then she chuckled. "But you have to stop calling your brother a runt. He's taller than you are. Remember, he's not the twelve-year-old who used to want to hang with his big brother who could drive. He's all of twenty-eight." She paused then her eyes took on a wistful look. "My, how time flies. Even the baby's all grown up."

"And speaking of 'the baby'," Ransom turned his eyes on Ridge, "where the heck is he now? Is anyone going to tell me?"

Ridge gave him an amused grin. "You won't believe me if I tell you."

"Just spill it." Ransom was in no mood to play guessing games with his brother. "Where'd he run off to this time? A Buddhist temple in the Himalayas?"

"Worse," Ridge said with a smirk. "An oil rig in Alaska."

"What the...an oil rig?" Ransom stared back at Ridge, incredulous. No wonder their mother was worried sick. Living and working on an oil rig was no simple matter. In fact, if you had a yen for dangerous living that was a damn good choice. If a fire broke out on one of those rigs you either stayed on board and got roasted alive or you jumped a couple of hundred feet down into freezing, shark-infested water. Talk about 'damned if you do, damned if you don't'.

Ransom's brows fell. "That kid needs some sense knocked into him. What the hell was he thinking? It's not like he needs to be doing stuff like this. I invested in his online business. He's got wads of money to spare."

"He's not doing it for the money. You know that." Ryder shoved his hands into his pockets as he looked down at Ransom, his face serious. "He's got a wanderlust that only a woman...the right woman...can assuage."

Ransom folded his arms across his chest. "Well, I've had it with Rafe and his shenanigans. He's stressing Mom out and it's got to stop. And if it means finding him a woman then that's what I'll do." As if confirming what he'd just said aloud he nodded then turned to look at Maggie. "Don't worry, Mom. I'm going to get Rafe." His voice was firm. "I know I'll have a fight on my hands but I'm bringing him home."

***

"Soledad Felix. Paging Nurse Soledad." Solie groaned as her head touched the pillow. The words kept reverberating in her head. If she never heard her name announced over a hospital intercom again it would be too soon.

It had been a long, exhausting day and that was putting it mildly. She'd had one of those crazy shifts, twelve hours long, and now all she wanted to do was forget about hospitals and emergencies and patients and just lose herself in the silky softness of slumber.

But even as her tension began to dissipate and her body sank into the cottony comfort of her bed she had to admit there was one patient who she didn't want to forget, a devilishly handsome one who had her heart doing flip-flops each time she walked into his room. Even lying flat on his back in the narrow stark-white bed Ransom Kent exuded sex appeal so strong it had her thinking thoughts that were far from 'nursely'. She was lusting after her patient, for heaven's sake. How low could you get?

But Dios, how could you help it when the man who'd suddenly been placed in your care was the same man who'd set your heart to racing from the first day you'd laid eyes on him. She would never admit that to him, of course, but ever since Ransom Kent moved in next door she'd been teetering on a titillating tightrope.

And that was why she'd been so prickly with him all this time. It was because she was doing everything in her power to fight the wicked attraction that made her want to grab hold of him and kiss him till he gave in and made hot love to her.

Solie almost chuckled as the sexy picture filled her mind. These were not the kind of thoughts to have when you were trying to fall asleep. Now she was wide awake, her mind filled with the image of raven-black hair falling onto a wide brow, a dark-eyed gaze that made your bones melt and lips that were definitely made for kissing. And not to mention his rock-hard body. She'd touched him, felt the solid muscles of his biceps, and she could only imagine how heavenly it would be to have those arms wrapped around her.

He would pull her close, crush her br**sts against his muscled chest, and she would tilt her face up to his. Then, taking full control, he would capture her lips with his firm ones and kiss her till she clung to him, breathless.

Then, of their own volition her hands would slide down to his waist and then to his hips, on their way to...

The cell phone exploded into a Celia Cruz ring tone and Solie jerked up. Dios. It was after two in the morning. Who the heck could be calling at this hour?

She grabbed the offending device and peered at the screen. An unknown number. It could be anybody - a misdialed number, a telesales rep gone beserk...or it could be family. Without hesitation she clicked on the answer button and pressed the phone to her ear. "Hello?"

Solie waited but all she could hear on the other end of the line was silence. "Hello," she said again and now she was frowning.

She sat up in the bed, her frown deepening. "Hello," she said, her voice firm. Whoever was on the other end of the line had better answer, and fast. She was in no mood for games. Not at two in the morning.

"Hola, Soledad. How are you?"

At the sound of the deep, accented voice Solie's breath caught in her throat. Her heart picking up pace, she clutched the phone tighter as shock coursed through her. She hadn't heard this voice in over a year. It was the last voice she'd expected to hear at two in the morning.

She swallowed. "R...Raul. Wh...why are you calling me?" She bit her lip. Solie knew she should have sounded much firmer than that. She should have made a biting remark, made him know he was still worse than a dog as far as she was concerned. But she hadn't. She'd been too startled for any of that.

"Why do you think, mi amor? I miss you."

Low and sensuous, his voice alone was enough to make a girl grow moist. But not Solie. Not anymore. She gritted her teeth and if he could have seen her face right then he'd have thought she was a volcano about to erupt.

"Raul. Are you insane? What right do you have to call me in the middle of the night to tell me...crap like this?" She was almost spluttering in her rage. "You treated me like dirt and you dare call me with this? Hurting me was not enough, you have to mock me, too?" By this time Solie was up and out of the bed, standing in the middle of the room with the phone clutched to her ear. Heart pounding, palms moist, she felt just about ready to strangle the man on the other end of the line.

"I'm not mocking you, my sweet. I love you. You know that." The deep bass was confident, smug even. It made Solie's blood boil.

"You. Did. Not. Love. Me." Fist clenched, she bit the words out. How dare he speak to her in that tone? After what he'd done to her he had the gall? Maldicion! "Don't' you ever use that word to me. I was the one who loved you and you took my love and stomped all over it. We were engaged, Raul, but that didn't stop you from cheating on me. All that time I thought you loved me you were having an affair."

"Soledad, mi amor, all of that is over. It was a big mistake, darling. I was going through a phase-"

"A phase? Is that what you call it?" Solie almost laughed out loud. This would have been funny if it weren't so sick. "What do you take me for? Una idiota?"

"Soledad, listen to me. It is done. I told you, all of that is over. I've come to my senses and I realize I still love you, mi amor." He paused as if for effect. "Very much."

Solie paused, too. She could be dramatic, too, and she definitely could create effect. Her next words came out dry and matter-of-fact. "She left you, didn't she? That's why you're calling me, right?"

There was silence on his end but this time she knew it was not for effect. She'd hit the nail on the head and he didn't know what to say.

When he finally spoke his tone was harsh. "I already told you, I came to my senses. Let's leave it at that."

"No, let's not leave it at that," she said, her tone frigid. "Let me remind you of some relevant details. You might recall that we were six weeks away from our wedding day when I paid you a surprise visit in Hawaii where you were supposed to have been on a business trip." She made sure to place emphasis on the word 'business'. "Well, that trip turned out to be a lot more pleasure than business, didn't it?"

"Let's not go there-"

"No, let's." She cut him off again. She'd been too shocked and hurt to blast him when he'd destroyed her hopes and shattered her dreams. She wasn't going to let this opportunity pass. "You just listen to what I have to say. You bullied me back then but it's my turn, now." Solie's chest was heaving as the rage rushed in full force. "I loved you, Raul. Loved you. But not anymore. Seeing you in bed with that woman wiped that slate clean. All I feel for you now is disgust."

"Be careful what you're saying, nina. I don't take kindly to insults." Raul's voice was low, threatening. The charm gone, he began to show his true colors. He was becoming his old, menacing self.

But Solie would not let him scare her. Not this time. "Are you threatening me?" she demanded, her voice unwavering. "You'd better watch your tone, mister, or I'll file a complaint so fast you won't even have time to blink."

Her comment got her silence. All she could hear was the sound of his breathing and the sound of it was even scarier than his words.

Finally, he spoke. "Complain all you want," he said, his voice cold. "I'm done for now but know this. You haven't heard the last of me." Then there was a click on the other end of the line and he was gone.

The phone still clutched in her right hand, Solie stumbled over to the bed and dropped down onto it. She looked down and she wasn't surprised to see that her hand was trembling. Raul was not the kind of man you wanted in your life, and definitely not as an enemy.

But, like it or not, he was back. She only wished she could figure out what he would do next.

CHAPTER FIVE

"Get out of my way, will you?" Ransom felt the anger rise in his chest. "You report to me, dammit."

"Which means absolutely nothing. Not when you're sick. Now turn around and get on home." The beefy project manager folded his arms across his chest, his feet planted wide as he blocked the doorway to the office. Trevor Jones was acting like a bulldog and today he looked like one, his mouth set, his brows furrowed, his dark brown eyes boring into his boss. Even the sweat glistening on his dark-skinned brow seemed to be mocking Ransom. It was like every part of him was in the fight to keep him out.

"I'm fine. I told you that. It's been a week since the accident." Ransom almost felt like punching his manager in the gut. Where else in the world did an owner have to defend himself to his employee?

"Yeah, and you also told me you've been having headaches ever since. You need to go back to the doctor, man. Get yourself checked. It could be serious." Concern flashed across Trevor's face but then he dropped his brows again and his glare turned cold. "Until then you're not setting foot in this office or on the construction site. When you report to me that you've seen the doctor and she's given you the okay then I might consider it."

"Bullshit." The word exploded from Ransom's lips as he returned the glare.

"Yeah, whatever." Trevor looked unimpressed. "Just turn around, jump back in that fast car of yours and I'll swing by and check on you later." He jerked his chin toward the parking lot. "Go on. Move it."

Ransom knew when he was beat. Boss or no boss, he would not have his way today. What made it worse, Trevor was far more than just an employee. He was a friend, and when it came to being protective, Trevor was the man. As long as he felt that Ransom's health was in danger he would put his foot down. There was nothing to do but head back home and work on getting well. For now...

Ransom knew that as soon as he got bored again he'd be back at the construction site. And that could be as early as tomorrow. This was his life. How could he stay away?

Defeated for the moment he turned and walked back down the gravelly pathway toward his car.

"Hey, boss."

He halted at Trevor's yell.

"Even if you go to the doctor you need somebody monitoring you. You know, checking that you're okay."

Ransom turned and gave a snort. "What? I need a babysitter now? At this rate you'll soon have me back in diapers."

"Bet you'd look cute, too." With a bellow of a laugh Trevor turned and walked back into the office, slamming the door shut behind him.

Ransom could only shake his head. That was what you got for empowering your employees.

The battle lost, he turned again and walked back the way he'd come.

***

"Ay, mamita. Don't make me laugh like this. You crack me up." Solie was laughing so hard tears were streaming down her cheeks. It had always been this way for her. Whenever she wanted to forget her troubles a quick phone call to her mother in Panama always did the trick.

Niurka Felix was a cheerful woman who was a born leader and motivator. She'd survived an abusive marriage and escaped to raise three children, all girls, on her own. It hadn't been easy, particularly for a woman whose formal education had ended at the ninth grade, but she'd done it. She'd worked for years in a bakery until she'd saved enough to open her own pastry shop. A few years later she had a small chain of shops in three cities in Panama. You could find Gala Galletas shops in Panama City, Tocumen and Changuinola.

But if you asked Niurka about her greatest achievement she would always say it was the raising of three strong, successful daughters. Caridad, her oldest, managed a chain of grocery shops in Panama City. Her youngest, Pascual, was a senior at Universidad de Panama, pursuing a degree in veterinary medicine. And Soledad, who fell between the two, knew that although she was the most contrary she was the one her mother leaned on most.

Not that she needed to lean very often. She was a cheerful woman even at the worst of times. It was as if nothing could keep her down.

"So, Ma, what did you say next?" Solie couldn't help chuckling in anticipation of Niurka's next words. She never tired of hearing stories of her mother's daily adventures in the pastry shops and in the market. They were sure to give you a good laugh.

Niurka chuckled back. "I tell him I can speak Jamaican just as good as him. I say, 'don't worry about a ting, mon. Every little ting goin' to be all right."

That made Solie burst out laughing all over again. "Mama...mamita...," she said between gasps, "I'm sorry, but just because you know two lines from a Bob Marley song it doesn't mean you know how to speak Jamaican. Mamita, please." And she started laughing again. She couldn't help it.

"Well, it's good enough for me," Niurka declared, sounding proud of herself. "That man, he got nothing over me."

"If you say so, Mama. If you say so."

By the time they got around to talking about what Solie had really called her mother about they'd been on the phone almost forty minutes and it was already six o'clock. This was one of those lucky days when her shift had ended early and she'd already been home three hours when she'd picked up the phone to call her mom. "So are you coming? Fort Lauderdale isn't that far away, you know."

"And you know that I hate flying," was her mother's rejoinder. "When they build the bridge to Florida I'll gladly take the bus across."

"But, Mom, it's not like you've never flown before."

"But I don't like it. I only fly when it's really important, like when I came for your graduation."

"But this is important," Solie reminded her. "It's a wedding."

"But not your wedding," Niurka said with a sniff. "Emilio's wedding I can miss, but not yours."

"But he's your cousin."

"Second cousin twice removed. I'll just send him a nice gift." She clicked her tongue and with that she ended the discussion. Everybody in the family knew it was the signal that she was ready to change the subject. "And what about you, mi hija? When-"

"Mama, you know that's off the table for me. I'm not looking." Solie almost rolled her eyes even though her mother was miles away and couldn't see her small act of defiance. She didn't know how many times she'd said it but it was like it went in one ear and out the other. After Raul she'd had her fill of men, particularly tall, dark and gorgeous ones. Why couldn't her mother accept the fact that she was happily single?

"You must not stop looking, nina. Always have one eye open. Twenty-six is not so young anymore. Before you know it you'll be thirty and then what?"

"So, I'll be thirty. It's not like it's the end of the world. Lots of people get married way past thirty." Now she really did roll her eyes. Her mother could be so old-fashioned sometimes.

"And what about babies? Caridad got married at twenty-three and had her first within a year-"

"That's Caridad, Mama, not me. Let me live my life my way, okay? Right now I just want to focus on finishing my Master's."

"Yes, yes, education is important but so is family. You have to think about this."

At that moment the front doorbell chimed and Solie almost sighed her relief out loud. Whenever the conversation turned to her social life all she wanted to do was escape. Fast. Now she had the perfect excuse.

"Ma, I have a visitor. I have to run, okay?"

"Okay, mi hija, but call me later."

"I'll call you tonight. Bye, Ma. Te amo."

Quickly, Solie placed the receiver back into its cradle and hurried toward the front door. "Coming," she yelled as the bell chimed again. She already knew who it was.

Daniel, her neighbor's son, had promised to drop off some sheet music from his piano class. She was dying to try them out on the piano she'd bought herself for her birthday.

She flung the door open. "Hi, Dan..." The words died in her throat.

What she saw on her doorstep wasn't a fourteen-year old kid clutching a handful of sheet music. Standing in her doorway was a tall, beefy dark-skinned man wearing a bright orange vest and a yellow hard hat.

"I'm sorry to disturb you," the big man said with a sheepish grin, "but I need your help."

CHAPTER SIX

The man held out his hand to her. "I'm Trevor Jones, a friend of your neighbor's."

"Y...yes, I know." Quickly getting over her shock she took his hand and shook it. "I remember you." Then she frowned. "How can I help? Is something wrong?" And just like she'd known it would, her stupid renegade heart gave a tiny jerk of concern. What if something else had happened to Ransom Kent?

Trevor released her and shoved his hands into his pockets. He shook his head. "No, not really. It's just..." He sighed and his eyes wandered away from her face as he looked over the hedge that separated her yard from Ransom's. "It's just that neighbor of yours." He shook his head again but this time when he looked back at her he was smiling. "Ransom's too darned stubborn for his own good. He won't sit still even though he's been having some bad headaches these past few days. Can you believe the man showed up for work in his sick state?" He grimaced then seemed to catch himself.

Trevor bit his lip and when he spoke again his eyes had a tiny look of pleading that was hard to resist. "I know this is none of your concern," he began, "but I was wondering if you would help me. Could you...keep an eye on him? He's liable to hurt himself. When he's bored he'll even go out and make work where no work exists."

His speech touched Solie's heart. She could see how concerned Trevor was for his friend. She cocked her head to one side as she stared up at him. "Do you think he'll listen to me?"

That got her a chuckle. "Oh, he will. Just threaten him with a needle. You know he's got a thing about needles, right?"

Solie nodded. "I've got first-hand experience with that."

"So you know he's not going to mess around with someone who's got the power to have him shaking in his boots." He shrugged. "Me, I could threaten till I turn blue. He never listens."

Solie almost smiled. For a man as big as Trevor it shouldn't be hard to intimidate anyone. But she knew how it was when you had a stubborn one to deal with. She knew exactly how to handle a mule like Ransom Kent.

"Today," she said, pulling the front door closed behind her, "he's going to listen, whether he likes it or not. Come on."

She took Trevor's hand and turned him around then marched him right back down the driveway, matching him step for step.

Her neighbor might have been able to stand up to Trevor and bully him back but it wouldn't happen with her. Ransom Kent would soon learn that Soledad Felix did not play around.

***

"What's up with you, boy?" Ransom laughed and held out his hand as King Tut raced toward the hedge and back again. The Great Dane ran up to him and pushed his nose into his palm then he was off again, barking as he raced toward the leafy fence that separated their yard from that of the crazy - well, maybe not so crazy - nurse who lived next door.

"What's over there, boy? Don't go boring through that hedge, now. Don't get me in trouble." He was still laughing when he heard the clang of the garden gate and heavy footsteps coming up the pathway. He wasn't surprised. Trevor was a big guy and he wasn't known for moving softly. "Well, that took you long enough," he called out even before he saw his friend. "How long does it take a guy to grab a six-pack and head back? Jeez, you must have gone and brewed the damn thing yourself."

"Nope," he heard Trevor say even before he turned the corner into the back yard. "I went and got myself a lovely lady instead."

Ransom couldn't help but snort. "Yeah, right."

He was still grinning as he turned in the direction of Trevor's voice but his heart did a double-take when he saw that his friend had been telling the truth. Right by his side was the beauty who had been on his mind ever since she'd threatened him with an enema. And now, when he least expected it, she was here...and she was not looking happy.

God, what now?

"Ransom," Trevor said as he came to a halt before him, "this is your neighbor, Miss Soledad Felix."

"I know that," Ransom growled, annoyed. What did Trevor think he was? Daft?

He cleared his frown as he turned his attention on his unexpected but certainly not unwelcome visitor. "Hello, Nurse Felix. Solie. How are you?" He knew he sounded stiff but that was his best attempt at courtesy.

She gave him a cool stare. "The question is, how are you? I heard you've been having headaches."

Ransom raised his eyebrows. "You did, did you?"

"I did, and that's not good. Have you been to your primary care physician since the accident?"

Ransom turned cool eyes on Trevor but he'd turned away and was studiously examining a hibiscus just off the end of the patio. So he'd been talking. A traitor in the midst.

Ransom turned back to Solie. "As a matter of fact, I haven't. Not necessary."

He almost stepped back when her glacial stare suddenly turned fiery. Her brows fell and her eyes were practically shooting poison darts at him.

"What do you mean, you haven't? When you were discharged you were specifically instructed to do a follow-up with your doctor. Why didn't you follow instructions?" She jammed her fists on her h*ps and was looking for all the world like his battle-axe of a first grade teacher, just without the bun and the horn-rimmed glasses.

She'd surprised him with her outburst but he wasn't about to show it. With practiced nonchalance he shrugged. "Didn't have time."

"Didn't have..." She looked just about ready to haul off and slap him. "You don't have the time for your own health? What kind of bull is that?"

That made Ransom raise his eyebrows again. A delicate flower using a word like that? But as he stared down at Solie, an amused smile tickling his lips, he had to admit...not so delicate, after all. Not when she was bold and bristling right under his nose, her eyes flashing, her full lips formed into a tempting pout, her br**sts rising and falling with every angry breath she took. She was no hothouse flower, this one. No, she was a thorn-bearing rose and all he wanted to do right then and there was kiss her till she shed those thorns and unfolded her soft petals so he could sink deep into...

"Listen," she said, shattering his reverie and dragging him back to reality, "you have to take your injury seriously. You can't be shrugging this off like nothing happened. You were seriously hurt and you need to be under your doctor's care. And," to his surprise she reached out and clasped a soft hand around his upper arm, "you need to rest." With that she pulled forcefully and turned him around to face the patio door. "Now, in you go."

Ransom almost laughed. Instead, he stared down at the slender creature intent on bullying him back to health. Who did she think she was? Florence Nightingale?

"Come on. In." She was tugging at his arm, trying to get him to step forward.

Of course, he didn't budge. He just stood there looking down at her, waiting to see what she would do.

Not surprisingly, she glared up at him. "Move, will you?"

He gave her a slow smile. "And what if I don't?" he asked, his voice a soft whisper.

Solie's lips tightened and her eyes narrowed. "Don't play with me. I know the ER doctor who saw you in the hospital. I can speak to her about having you readmitted..." her gaze turned threatening "...into my care. And you'd better avoid that at all costs...if you know what's good for you."

Solie released his arm and with her hands she mimicked the preparation of a syringe with pointy needle.

Ransom's eyes narrowed as he watched her. "You wouldn't."

She stared boldly at him, her eyes direct and full of challenge. "Try me."

He scowled some more but that seemed to have little effect on his tormentor. He glanced over to where Trevor stood, seeking any support he could get. Snitch that he was, the man looked away.

Ransom drew in his breath then slowly let it out. There was nothing to do but comply. He knew when he was beat. He started walking...

...but not before shooting another parting glare at his friend. Now his nosy, domineering...and sexy...neighbor was all up in his business.

What the hell had Trevor gotten him into?

CHAPTER SEVEN

Solie dried the cup and put it away in the cupboard overhead then she turned back to the island in the middle of kitchen and gathered up the boxes of tea and the sugar bowl. It had been almost a week since she'd muscled her way into Ransom Kent's life - the health side of it, anyway - and she was getting to know her way around the house. She'd just fixed him a cup of tea and made him lie down in the den. It was November and the evenings were beginning to grow cool. He'd wanted to stay on the patio but the last thing he needed was a head cold on top of his concussion. She'd ordered him inside and he hadn't been pleased...not that it bothered her in the least.

She paused to stare out the kitchen window at Ransom's prized gazebo in the backyard, the source of one of their earlier arguments. Now it didn't seem quite so important, not when his health was brought into the picture.

As she thought about their past wrangles she could only marvel. Who would have thought she'd be in the man's kitchen, making him tea, bossing him around in his own home? So far he'd complied...grudgingly...but she knew it wouldn't last. As soon as the headaches disappeared he'd have her out of his house and banned from his doorstep. No problem. She would climb over the hedge and sneak in through the back door. As long as she felt he needed monitoring she would be there. She and Trevor, her new buddy, had an agreement and she was not about to let him down.

Still, that day she'd bullied him, barged in and taken control she didn't know what came over her. As mild-mannered and gentle as she always was, such behavior was really not like her. She almost grinned at the thought. Okay, so maybe she wasn't all that gentle or mild-mannered. But anyway, she had to admit she'd been a bit rough that day. It was probably because, deep down, she knew what would work. She understood his personality. She'd threatened him because she'd known it was the only way he would give in.

All the tea things now tucked away, Solie decided it was time to check on Ransom one last time and then head back home. It was early evening yet but she would have a long shift tomorrow and she wanted to rest up for it. She gave an inward sigh. No rest for the weary, or was it no rest for the wicked? She couldn't remember how the popular phrase went but either way, where rest was concerned, she could do with a whole lot more than she'd been getting lately.

When she got to the end of the hallway and turned the corner she found Ransom sprawled on the massive sofa, his eyes glued to the big screen television. A basketball game was on and by now she'd come to learn that when the Miami Heat basketball team was on the court you kept your mouth shut and stayed out of his way.

She didn't mind. His absorption in the game gave her the perfect opportunity to get an eyeful of the man who, strangely, had crept his way into her life. Or was it the other way around? Maybe she was the one who'd done the creeping or more accurately, the barreling in. Whatever. It didn't matter. What did matter was that she was here, in his house, getting her fill of some Ransom Kent eye candy.

Even as he relaxed on the sofa she could see the power in his lean, muscled body. He was almost as tall as a few of the basketball players on the court, at least an inch or two over six feet, and looked just as fit. There was a six o'clock shadow on his jaw that made him look too sexy for any red-blooded woman to be around. All she wanted to do right then was climb onto the sofa where he lay, straddle his h*ps and reach down to cup that ruggedly sensual face in her hands. Then she would lean forward and press her lips to his...

"Did you see that shot? Damn, LeBron's good."

Startled, Solie's head jerked up at Ransom's triumphant shout. When she saw his jubilant grin she couldn't help but smile back, confident that he had no idea what she'd just been thinking. What was it with men and sports? Outside of sex, that was the one thing guaranteed to keep them happy.

"So who's leading?" she asked as she went to perch on the armchair across from him. She didn't want to get too comfortable. That would make it too easy to be tempted to stay longer. "Your team?"

He laughed. "What do you think? These guys are the best." His eyes flashed with mirth as he settled back into the cushions.

Solie had never seen Ransom so relaxed and she liked it. "So do you think they'll make it to the finals?"

The look Ransom gave her told her she should never have asked such a stupid question. "You know who's on this team, right? We've got Dwayne Wade, Chris Bosh-"

"And the great LeBron James," she said drily, finishing the statement for him. She might not be a sports buff but she could drop a name or two.

"The man himself." Ransom nodded. "With a talented team like this I'm already seeing championship rings for all of them."

"Even though they've got two already."

"Three," he said, happily correcting her. "I want them to beat the Bulls' record. The way they're playing they'll shoot past six in no time."

Solie cocked an eyebrow at him. "I believe you." Then she clapped her hands onto her knees and made to stand up. "Anyway, I'll leave you to it. I'm heading out now."

That got her a quick frown. "What? So soon?" Then his face cleared and he gave her one of his signature Ransom Kent smiles. Heavens, the man could turn on the charm at the drop of a hat. "Stay a while and watch the rest of the game with me."

"No can do," she said firmly. If he only knew how, right at that moment her brain had to be beating her heart into submission. Deep down inside she wanted to stay, not for the sake of checking up on him, but just to be with him, get to know him. But that was dangerous. She would be a fool to go there.

And so she stood by her decision. Literally, in fact, as no sooner had the words left her lips than she rose from the chair, shoving her hands into her pockets as she got up. As fidgety as she was feeling just then, hiding her hands from view was the best thing to do. "I've got a long day ahead of me so I'm gonna go."

"Aaw, not even twenty minutes more?" He gave her a cute puppy dog look that was hard to resist.

But she had to. At this point it had little to do with her work schedule. Now it was all about her growing attraction to him. She had to get the hell out of there.

"Nope, I'm heading out. Just make sure you don't stay up too late. You need your rest." With those parting words Solie tore her eyes from Ransom's still smiling face and began to turn toward the door.

It was then that a buzzing vibration on her left butt cheek stopped her in her tracks. It was probably her mamita checking up on her. She dug into her back pocket and pulled out the cell phone.

An unknown number. A frisson of fear ran through Solie but she swallowed and, trying hard to look casual, she clicked on the answer button and put the phone to her ear. "Hello?"

"Hola, mi amor. Did you dream of me last night?"

At the sound of Raul's deep voice, so soft, so silky and so menacing, Solie felt the blood drain from her face. Her tormentor was back.

Heart pounding, she drew in her breath, fighting to find something biting to say but no words came. Her mind drew a blank.

"Solie? Is everything all right?"

Ransom's voice snapped her out of the evil spell and she blinked. Before her caller could say another word she pressed the 'end' button then shoved the phone back into her pocket. "I...I'm good. I've...got to go."

Palms still clammy and her breathing shallow, Solie didn't trust herself to say another word. Intent on avoiding Ransom's eyes she hurried out of the room, grabbed her sweater from the hallway closet and fled.

***

Dammit. How could he focus on the game after what had just happened? He'd seen the abrupt change in Solie's face, seen the way she'd suddenly turned pale. Something was wrong.

It was none of his business but he wanted to know. How could he ignore that look of distress, especially when it marked the face of someone who was coming to mean something to him?

That thought gave him pause. He didn't even react when Chris Andersen sank a three pointer, he was so lost in thought. Solie had begun to mean something to him, but what?

Okay, so she was not just a neighbor anymore. She'd been his nurse and ever since Trevor stuck his nose in, she'd also become his pseudo babysitter, checking up on him and making sure he didn't exert himself, as she put it. More than that, she'd become a friend.

The only problem was, she was a friend to whom he was growing more and more attracted with each passing day.

And who could blame him? When you had a neighbor...a friend...as sexy as Solie Felix there was little you could do to resist. He'd be ashamed to admit the number of times he'd grown hard each time she'd come close. But it wasn't just her physical beauty that drew him in. It was the way she carried herself, so bold and fearless, and if necessary, so 'in your face'. He actually admired that. He'd grown so used to women fawning over him that Solie was a refreshing change.

So refreshing that it was disturbing. It felt too much like he was at the top of that slide that ended with you tumbling into love. Attraction he could deal with, but love? Forget it. Not after what he'd gone through with Lily Caruso.

With a grunt, Ransom flung himself back into the sofa and glared, unseeing, at the television screen. At that moment he made a firm decision. He might give in to this attraction he was feeling for Solie, probably even pursue her - he was a man, wasn't he? - but he would never consider bringing love into the picture. Too debilitating, too dangerous and way too overrated.

His mind made up, Ransom settled back into the cushions and turned his attention back to the game. Semi-distracted, he watched for another twelve minutes until the Miami Heat wrapped everything up in a neat package and were being interviewed by reporters. It was only then that his thoughts honed in on other matters...

...foremost of which was that renegade kid brother of his. Who needed concussion headaches when you had Rafe?

He decided to call Ryder to get the details. He reached for the phone.

His brother picked up on the second ring. " 'Sup?"

"Not much," Ransom replied, his tone casual. "What's the latest news on Rafe? Come to his senses yet?"

"Nope. He says he'll be out there at least a year or two. Says he's got nothing to keep him on dry land." Although Ryder's voice was calm, Ransom could sense his annoyance.

"Even though he knows it bothers the heck out of Mom."

"Even so."

Seconds passed as Ransom mulled over the situation. Finally, he spoke. "I'm going out there," he said. "I'll knock some sense into him and bring him back."

"Don't be an idiot," Ryder said, sounding unimpressed with his declaration. "You're recovering from a serious injury. You'll only make things worse, getting all stirred up by this. Next thing you know, one of us will have to go out there and rescue you, too."

"Not gonna happen. I'm good. I'll be back in the office tomorrow."

Ryder chuckled. "Sure? Did your bulldog babysitter give you permission?"

Great. That was what you got for sharing your secrets with your brother. "Don't you worry about that. I'll be in the office tomorrow and on the weekend I'll be on my way to Alaska."

"Ransom, listen to me. You can't make a man do what he doesn't want to do. It's not like when we were kids and you used to bully us all." Ryder almost sounded exasperated.

"I said, don't worry about it." Ransom was nonchalant. "And, for the record, I never bullied any of you."

That made Ryder laugh. "Let's not go there, bro. I would win that debate, any time."

"Yeah, yeah." Ransom shrugged it off but his brother was right. He'd been a tyrant of a teenager, that was for sure. Who would have thought he would have dropped his bossy ways and turned mellow at the grand old age of thirty-five?

"Seriously, though, just let Rafe work out things for himself," Ryder said as if that should settle the matter.

"I'll take your advice," Ransom said, his voice smug, "when porcelain pigs fly."

CHAPTER EIGHT

It ended up that Ransom didn't get a chance to confirm his trip to Alaska until almost three weeks later. By that time they were already in December.

Once he'd gone back into the office he'd been so swamped he hadn't been able to drag himself from under the backlog of work until now. Heck, he hadn't even been able to find time to make up excuses for his self-appointed babysitter to come over and check up on him. He'd only been able to touch base with her a couple of times over the past few weeks, mainly to thank her again for all her help while he'd been laid up. Each time he'd called she'd been gracious about it, acting like it was nothing, but he knew it had been a lot. She was a busy woman and yet she'd taken her precious time to be there for him. How could he feel anything but grateful...

...and just a little bit guilty. He could have hired someone to come in to monitor him - he had more than enough money to take care of that - but that someone would not have been anything like Solie. She was the one he'd wanted dropping by, fluffing his pillow, playing boss.

As thoughts of Solie filled Ransom's mind he smiled, braced back in his chair and rested his feet on the edge of the desk. Sweet memories came floating back and, busy or not, he had no desire to stem them.

One evening he'd had a splitting headache and although he'd hated to bug her he'd called and she'd come right over. Then she'd proceeded to pamper him, pressing a cold compress against his forehead, almost making him forget that he was a gentleman when she leaned over and he was blessed with the sight of her full br**sts thrusting against the soft fabric of her blouse.

He could see her ni**les, hard and pointy, tempting him, teasing him and it was all he could do to keep from tilting his head to cover those ripened buds with his lips. She was so tempting she made his mouth water and, as if the sight of her weren't enough to break down his defenses, her womanly fragrance - a mixture of spice and springtime - was driving him up a very rough wall. He'd had to clench his fists to keep from reaching up and dragging her down on top of him.

Another time she'd come over with a macaroni and cheese pie and barbecued chicken. When he opened the door to her she'd gone straight to the kitchen and was in there quite a while, banging plates and sounding like she was ladling out enough food to feed an army. He decided to go in and check on her.

Solie was busy in the kitchen, all right. She'd made a big bowl of salad and from the bag of flour and the eggshells he could see on the counter he could tell she'd whipped up something for the oven. But she was nowhere in sight.

Ransom entered the kitchen and walked over to the island in the middle of the spacious room. It was when he circled it that he saw the delectable creature. The rear end of her, that is.

Solie was bending over, peering into the oven, giving Ransom a close up view of her jeans-covered behind.

He was enjoying the scenery when she pulled back and slammed the oven door shut. She straightened and, clearly not realizing he was in the room, in one fluid movement she turned and stepped forward, slamming right into his chest.

On reflex his hands shot up to hold her, keep her from falling, and as he pulled her close she gasped and grabbed onto his upper arm. Solie looked up into his face, her eyes wide, her lips parted, her breath coming in quick gasps. She looked ready to be kissed.

Ransom was never one to pass up on a perfect opportunity. Arms sliding around her, he lowered his head, intent on capturing those pink lips, now soft with surprise.

"Uh, sorry. I...didn't mean to bump into you." Exerting pressure on his upper arms Solie pushed herself back and out of his embrace.

"No problem." Ransom dropped his arms then shoved his hands into his pockets, watching as Solie stepped back then lifted a hand to brush a stray lock of hair from her brow.

For a second she'd looked flustered but soon, with him out of her personal space, she was back to being Miss In-Control. The moment of surprise past, the cute pout returned to her lips and she gave him a crooked smile. "Hey, what're you doing in my kitchen? You never come in here." A slight frown creased her brow. "I was making a surprise for you but now you've gone and spoiled it."

Ransom put up his hands in self-defense. "Hey, I'm sorry. You never told me to stay out."

Solie gave him a rueful grin. "You're right. I should have, shouldn't I?" Then she shrugged. "Better yet, I should have done this at my house..." then she grimaced, "...except that my oven conked out all of a sudden."

He gave her a sly grin. "Lucky me."

Solie raised an eyebrow. "How so?"

"Now I have a beautiful woman hanging out in my kitchen," he said in a low, slow voice, "and who could ask for more?"

For a moment she looked nonplussed, a hint of color rising in her cheeks, then she seemed to catch herself. Eyes narrowed, she met his stare head on. "You know what? Get out of my kitchen and don't come back till I call you. No men allowed."

Ransom did not move. He just stood there watching her, seeing the color rise in her face, feeling the tension build. Then, his point made, he gave her a relaxed smile. "No problem," he said softly, "but don't take too long or I'll come and get you." Then, releasing her wary gaze, he turned and walked out of the room. Before this he'd kept his attraction to Solie to himself but he'd had enough of being decent. Now it was time for his lovely little neighbor to get to know the real Ransom Kent.

***

"I told you, there's nothing going on. I'm my same old dreary self." Solie reached up to pull a box of gloves out of the cupboard then turned to the nurse who stood by, arms folded, a cheeky grin on her lips. She glared at the woman. "Will you leave me alone?"

"No, I won't," Jen's smile widened, "not until you tell me everything. Who is he?"

"Kyra." Solie turned to her friend in desperation. "Will you tell Jen to leave me alone? She's getting on my last nerve."

Kyra swiveled around in her chair to regard both women then her face broke into a smile even wider than Jen's. "Sorry, Sol. No can do. Hey, I'm curious, too. I wanna know." She rubbed her hands together like a kid getting ready to raid the cookie jar.

"Oh, no. Not you, too." Solie couldn't help but sigh. She could see that both Jen and Kyra were determined to back her into a corner and dig as much information out of her as they could. Well, too bad for them. They'd soon find out there wasn't any information to get.

"So who is he?" Jen pressed. "Who's this new guy in your life?"

"Oh, please." Solie rolled her eyes. "Obviously, you guys have too much time on your hands. Do you sit at your stations daydreaming or something? Where did you get this crazy idea?"

Kyra shrugged. "Well, you have been a lot nicer lately."

"I'm always nice." Solie glared at her.

"Yeah," Jen said with a chuckle, "right." Then she cocked her head to one side. "Seriously, though, you've changed over the past couple of weeks. I caught you humming yesterday, for goodness sake. Now if that isn't a sign that there's a new man in your life, I don't know what is."

Kyra frowned. "You're right, Jen. All of a sudden she's 'Little Miss Cheerful'. Now talk before I move in at your place till I can figure out what's going on."

Seeing that she could not convince them otherwise Solie drew in her breath and let it out slowly. "All right, there's a man."

"I knew it." Jen punched the air, eyes gleaming. "What's his name? Does he work here? Do I know him?"

Kyra on the other hand, looked confused. "You've really got a man? And I don't know about it? How is that possible?"

Solie rolled her eyes again. "No, I don't 'got' a man. Not really." She bit her lip, feeling stupid. The fact was, she didn't have a man at all. Who was she fooling? But she had to give them something, anything to get them off her back. "I...don't have anyone but there's this guy I met...he's tall with dark hair and he's got the most intense deep brown eyes you ever saw..."

"Woohoo, your kind of guy. Tall, dark and mysterious." Jen was practically hopping in her excitement. "Who is he? Do you have a photo? Give me your cell phone so I can see your pictures."

Kyra gave her a scorching look. "Calm down, Jen. Let the girl speak."

Solie shrugged. "That's it."

"That's it?" Kyra looked disappointed. "You can't just leave us hanging like this. Where did you meet? When did you start dating?"

"We aren't dating." Solie shook her head in exasperation. "Weren't you listening? I said I don't have a man. I just have a...guy I sort of like." Then she paused and a naughty grin tickled her lips. "I think he...sort of likes me, too."

"Aaw, that's so sweet. They're in 'like' with each other." Jen gave her an indulgent smile.

Instead of smiling Kyra gave her a look of concern. "That's great but, come to think of it, are you sure you're ready for this?"

Her words made Solie's heart tighten. She knew exactly what Kyra meant. Her friend had been there for her when she'd been devastated by Raul's betrayal. She knew Kyra didn't want to see her get hurt again.

But why did she have to bring him up, just when she was beginning to lose herself in the fantasy of Ransom Kent? Kyra's question was all it took to bring her back to earth with a bump.

And with her return to land came that low feeling in the pit of her stomach, that heavy feeling of dread every time she thought of Raul. She knew what he was capable of and she would do everything in her power to stay as far away from him as possible.

Her mood changed, she just wanted to get away. She pulled out a pair of latex gloves and slapped them against her palm. "I'll talk to you guys later," she said, her voice cool. "Right now I've got to get back to work."

Before either of the ladies could argue Solie stepped past them and headed off down the hallway. Just for a little while she needed to be alone.

She needed to process the thought that had just crept into her mind...a depressing thought because, she realized, as long as Raul was stalking her there was no way she could bring Ransom Kent into the picture.

CHAPTER NINE

December nine. Five whole days since she'd last seen Ransom. Solie rested her chin in her palm and stared out the bedroom window, out into the backyard and across the hedge that separated her yard from his.

Ay, Dios. What was happening to her? Here she was, moping like a love-sick child, all because her neighbor had gone about his business and hadn't made it a point to get in touch with her...as if she had any right to expect that. How pathetic could you get?

As she sat there staring at the leaves of the mango tree shaking in the evening breeze Solie knew she was in trouble. Within a couple of months of meeting Ransom she'd gone from ignoring him to not liking him to resenting him, to being totally pissed with him.

Until she got to know him better.

Then over the last several weeks she'd been his nurse then his bully, making sure he took his meds, then his food supplier and then, before she realized what was happening, she'd become his friend.

And now she was being forced to admit that what she'd begun to feel for him was way past what you should feel for your 'friend'. God help her.

Solie put a finger to her lips then pulled it back when she realized she'd begun to nibble at the nail. That was one habit she definitely did not want to pick up again, not when she'd found a man who stirred her insides, made her want him even though they hadn't so much as shared a kiss. But they'd almost...

Solie's mind raced back to that day she'd bumped into him in the kitchen, the day he'd held her in his arms, so close she'd felt the firm muscles of his abs as they pressed into her. That had almost been her undoing. Right then all she'd wanted to do was slide her hands up his arms then up to his nape where she could slip her fingers into the jet-black silk of his hair. Then she would press against the back of his head, ever so gently, until he tilted his face toward hers and covered her lips with his.

There in his arms she had a feeling that he wouldn't have needed much convincing. She remembered how he'd been looking down at her, lids lowered, his lips slightly parted. She knew he was about to kiss her and, wimp that she was, when he'd begun to lower his head she panicked. She'd blurted something out, she couldn't even remember what, but it effectively doused the flame lit between them and then she'd pulled away and escaped fast.

She wanted him, God knew she did, but how could she give in to her desire when Raul was trying to force his way back into her life? How could she add another complication? And, even more important, how could she know for sure that Ransom meant her any good? What if he saw her as a conquest, a woman to conquer, take to bed and then kick to the curb? And, horrors, what if he ended up being like Raul?

At the thought a shiver ran through her. No, she wouldn't even go there. She could not put Ransom and Raul in the same category. There was no way-

The chime of the doorbell cut that thought short and Solie frowned. She wasn't expecting anyone. Then her heart did a tiny hop. What if it was Ransom?

To her chagrin the idea of Ransom at her door brought a smile to her lips. She was being an idiot to react like this. If Ransom was there it was probably because he needed a cup of sugar for his tea. It was definitely not because he was missing her. She knew all that but still she could not wipe the smile from her face. Instead, the nearer she got to the front door, the wider it grew.

By the time she pulled the door open she was practically grinning but in an instant her smile vanished.

There, on her doorstep was the man she'd been doing her best to avoid. Standing right in front of her, looking as handsome as always, was Raul.

"Hello, mi amor," he said as he reached out and took her hand, limp from shock. "I've come to win you back."

***

"You didn't have to hunt me down, you know. A simple phone call would have saved you the trip." Rafe's lips curled in a sardonic grin.

Ransom regarded his brother, the square chin, the rebellious set of his lips, the defiant gleam in his eyes. Several seconds passed before he spoke. "If you would've answered the damn phone maybe I wouldn't have had to come all this way."

Rafe's smile widened then he shrugged. "I can't help it if I'm out of range most of the time. Hey, it's an oil rig. What do you expect?"

"I expect you to answer the phone when I call you, dammit." Ransom scowled. Rafe was lounging in the chair across from him, his elbow resting on the arm, his legs thrust out under the cloth-covered table. He looked too darned comfortable for a kid who was causing so much trouble. "What if it was an emergency?"

"If there was a real emergency," Rafe said, looking unperturbed, "you'd find me."

Ransom watched his brother but said nothing. The kid had a point. Then he caught himself. No, the man had a point. He had to remember that Rafe was almost thirty years old. It was like, no matter how old his brother got, he would still be a kid in his eyes. He had to break himself out of that way of thinking. Rafe was a full-grown man, responsible for himself. He would give him that much.

Ransom jerked his head toward his brother. "That doesn't let you off the hook. You know Mom frets about you. Why don't you call her?" Rafe was opening his mouth to speak when Ransom cut him off. "And don't give me that lame excuse about your cell phone. There are lots of pay phones on the rig so you can call any time."

"I call," Rafe said, his tone unapologetic. "Didn't Mom tell you I called last month?"

"What kind of bull crap is that?" The words exploded from Ransom's lips as he fought to keep from reaching across the table and collaring Rafe. His brother looked too casual, too smug for his liking. The only thing keeping Ransom in his seat was the fact that they were sitting in the middle of Nakamo's, one of the few restaurant options in Old Harbor. Ransom gritted his teeth and he could feel his nostrils flaring as he drew in deep a breath in his attempt to stay calm. "This is Mom we're talking about. You really think a once-a-month call is going to keep her happy?"

Just for a moment a flash of something looking like remorse crossed Rafe's face and then it was gone. Then he was back to his nonchalant self, the persona he'd adopted when he'd taken off on his adventure. "Okay, you got me on that one. I'll step it up to twice a month."

"At least once a week, Rafe. Can't you do that much for our mother?" Ransom was trying hard to hold on to his temper but he could feel his hold slipping with each passing minute. Rafe and his laid-back, don't-give-a-damn attitude were not helping. "Can't you care about someone else's feelings but your own?"

That seemed to get to Rafe. His self-satisfied smile disappeared and his lips tightened. When he looked back at Ransom there was fire in his eyes. "Leave it alone, big brother. There's more to this than you'd care to know."

That got Ransom's attention. "What the hell are you talking about? What else is there to know?"

"Just leave it alone, okay. This is none of your concern." Rafe shoved back his chair and started to get up from the table but Ransom stopped him with a hand on his arm.

"You're not walking out on me," he said, his voice brooking no argument, "not after dropping that bombshell."

Rafe looked down at his hand then shook it off his arm. "Not today. I've got to go. You can link me tomorrow if you want to know." And with that he turned and marched out of the restaurant, leaving Ransom staring after him.

Screwing up his lips, Ransom sat back in his chair and watched his brother leave. There was something serious going down and, until he found out what it was, there was no way he was leaving Alaska.

CHAPTER TEN

"R...Raul. What are you doing here?" Solie's heart slammed against her chest as she stared up into the smiling face of the man she'd almost married. Thank the stars she'd discovered the true nature of the snake before she'd walked down the aisle with him.

Realizing he was still holding her hand she pulled it from his grasp. "What are you doing here?" she asked again and this time she was firm, almost belligerent. What she wanted to do was escape inside and slam the door in his face but she knew he was too fast. He would not let her go that easy.

"I'm here to see you, mi amor." His voice was thick with honey as he looked down at her, leaning forward to place his hand on the door jamb above her head, effectively preventing her from closing the door. "Aren't you going to invite me in?"

The look Solie gave him would have withered any man...but not Raul. "You're not welcome here," she told him, just in case her look didn't send a strong enough message. "Please leave." She stepped back and made to close the door but he slammed his palm against it, making a mockery of her efforts.

"Not so fast, mi amor. I think you'd better invite me in." He gave her another of his crooked grins. "You don't want to have a scene right here on your doorstep, do you? What would your neighbors think?"

Solie gave him another scowl as she took in his self-assured expression, wondering why in the world she used to find that smile so sexy. Now that she knew the real Raul Escobar that smile just looked like pure evil.

She was contemplating the wisdom...or stupidity...of letting him in when he grasped her by the upper arm, set her aside and pushed the door. Then he stepped in and closed the door behind him.

"See how easy that was?" he asked, but this time when he looked at her his smile was gone. In its place was a look so cold it made her shiver. "You kept me waiting, mi amor. That's not good." He jerked his head toward the hallway. "Now let's go relax in the living room and have a chat." Before Solie could respond he grasped her by the shoulder, turned her around and gave her a little shove, forcing her down the hallway ahead of him.

Her skin prickling at his touch Solie walked, trying to get as far away from his reach as possible. She hated the idea of inviting him into her home but if she let him say his piece maybe he would go. Right then her greatest wish was to have him gone, out of her house and out of her life, but maybe she would have to suffer through his tirade first. She just hoped it would be a short one.

In the living room Raul didn't even wait to be invited to have a seat. He stepped past her as if he owned the place and went to sprawl on her sofa, his head against the cushion, one leg halfway up. A slimy smile slid over his lips as, eyelids lowered, he watched her standing in the doorway. "Come on," he said, his deep voice silky soft. "Join me."

Solie stood right where she was. Once upon a time that seductive tone might have worked but not now. She was way past any kind of attraction to him. Now all she felt was revulsion.

She folded her arms across her chest. "Just say what you came to say then get out." She said the words through gritted teeth. "I have no time to entertain slime balls."

Raul threw back his head and laughed out loud. "Was that the best you could come up with? You're losing your touch, Solie. Where's the fiery chica who used to match me word for word? Where's the witty rejoinder?"

Solie took a step forward and scowled at him. "Listen, you're not welcome here. You're lucky I even let you in. Just state your case and leave."

That got her a look of amusement. "You let me in? How droll." Then, as if tired of the game, he shifted and dropped his legs to the floor. He patted the seat beside him. "Come on over and sit so we can talk."

Solie did not move. The very idea made her skin crawl. Sit beside Raul so he could wrap his arms around her, maybe even force himself on her? She wasn't that stupid. "Just talk," she said. "Say what you have to say and get out."

Raul sat back and regarded her, the amusement sliding from his face. "Oh, so that's the way it is, is it?"

"That's the way it is."

"Fine." He slapped his hands on his knees and then sat forward. "Let's get serious." He looked over at her, his smile gone. "I want you to come back to me."

Solie shook her head. "I got that. What I don't get is why in this world or the next you would think that would ever happen. You've gone mad or what?"

Raul shrugged and this time the smile he gave her was free of bravado. It almost looked...genuine. "Mad is right," he said. "Mad in love with you."

"Raul," Solie dropped her arms and jammed her fist on her hips, "you said let's get serious so why don't you?"

"I am serious."

"No, you're not. You're the one who desecrated our relationship by cheating on me. You're the one who couldn't stay out of your secretary's pants. Or did you forget?" Solie sucked in her breath, the anger building as the whole scenario came flying back to slap her in the face. "And after all that, you expect me to take you back? No," she said, shaking her head, "you're definitely not serious."

"That was a big mistake, Sol. I was going through a...phase. But I'm over that now. I came to my senses. I need you." He gave her a look so earnest that if Solie didn't know him she would swear he was telling the truth. Well, the truth according to him, anyway.

"And what about Miss McQuade?" She just had to ask. Not that it would make any difference but her curiosity was getting the better of her.

Raul gave a snort, his lips taking on a bitter twist. "That bitch? I got over her a long time ago."

Solie lifted her eyebrows, shocked at his crudeness. Then she frowned. "I can imagine you called me the very same thing."

"No," he said, shaking his head, "never. I respect you too much."

That almost made her laugh. It would be funny if it weren't so sick. "Yeah, that's right. That's why you cheated on me."

"I told you, it was just a -"

"I know, a phase. That's what you called it. But let me tell you something about that 'phase' of yours." She slid her hands into her pockets, her anger giving way to a stillness in her soul, a sign that this man could no longer stir her. "That phase," she said, her voice surprisingly calm, "can go on forever as far as I'm concerned. It's been over a year since we broke up. What we had is dead. Buried. Rotting in its grave."

This time Raul did not take her answer sitting down. Lithe as a tiger, he was up and by her side before she could move. "Not anymore, Solie. I still want you and I know you want me, too."

He hadn't touched her and Solie used the opportunity to back away, moving out of his immediate reach. Things were getting too hot for her, too emotional. She needed a wild card to get her out of this mess. Desperate, she drew for the one thing she knew would rid her of him once and for all. "Well, that's where you're wrong," she said, her voice cold. "I don't want you. I moved on a long time ago. I have a man in my life now."

A stroke of anger flashed across his face. "You're lying. I can see it in your eyes."

She shook her head. "I'm not. I'm telling you the truth. I have a man. He means everything to me. There's no room in my life for anyone else."

At her declaration Raul drew back and his dark eyes grew cold. "We'll just see about that."

***

Ransom stared out the window of his hotel room as he held the phone to his ear. The na**d branches reaching up into a bleak sky and the dreariness of the snow-covered landscape almost made him shiver. Boy, was he glad he'd be heading back to sunny Florida soon. This kind of frigid environment, he could do without.

"Uh, huh. I got that but what I want to know is, when he's going to deliver." As he spoke into the phone he reached out to slide the pads of his fingers on the glass. It was so cold it felt like his fingers would stick.

He slid his hand into his pocket and listened some more. "Wrong answer, bud. Give me something more positive than that." He was not liking the direction of the conversation. No project was ever one hundred percent smooth but this one seemed to have more than its share of issues. First, it was the permit then the plumbing and now this. "And the department of transportation and roads is adamant we can't cut the road through there?"

The answer came back in the affirmative. Ransom bit down on his lip as he did a quick assessment in his mind. "All right, just put things on hold for now," he said. "I'll deal with it when I get back."

He ended the call then checked the time on the cell phone screen. Ten twenty. He might as well head out now. This would be his last chance to see Rafe before he would have to get back to the oil rig. He should be honored, he guessed, that his brother had taken two whole days off so they could connect. Ransom was grateful although he'd be the last to say it out loud. He wasn't the kind to get all emotional but, no matter what, he loved his brother and he welcomed the chance to see him.

Not that Rafe shared the sentiment. He was as laconic as ever.

Ransom bundled up in coat, scarf and gloves and headed out from the hotel, carefully directing his rental car along the icy road. He wanted to get off that road and inside a warm building as soon as possible.

Within twenty-five minutes of setting out he was pulling into the driveway of Rafe's hotel. He hopped out and headed for the lobby.

The Princess Royal was a pretty decent hotel with marble tiles on the floor, elegant faux palms in each corner and a granite counter for a reception desk. Here there was a tall vase of fresh-cut roses and these, surprisingly, were real. Ransom cocked an eyebrow. He hadn't expected fresh flowers gracing a hotel lobby in such a remote part of Alaska but then he did a mental shrug. Why not? Wasn't that what green houses were for?

The desk clerk, tall and willowy and very blonde, gave Ransom a friendly smile. "Welcome to the Princess Royal, sir. How may I help you?" As he approached she tapped her computer screen. "Do you have a reservation?"

Ransom returned the smile. "No, I'm here to see one of your guests. Rafe Kent. He's expecting me."

His greeter nodded and reached for the phone. "I'll call him for you. Please pick up the receiver at the hall table when the phone rings over there."

When it did, it was a scratchy-voiced Rafe who came on the phone.

"Don't tell me you were still sleeping. It's almost eleven o'clock."

"It is?" Rafe sounded doubtful. "I went to bed pretty late. Sorry."

"Yeah, well hurry up and get your butt down here so we can talk."

Ransom hung up and walked over to the elegantly furnished lounge with its grand piano, handcrafted sculptures and antique furniture. What he saw made him upgrade his evaluation from decent to quite nice. This definitely was no cheap hotel. That was one good sign. As radical as he was, at least it didn't look like Rafe had taken a vow of poverty.

It took another twenty minutes before Rafe made his way downstairs and by that time Ransom's stomach was growling. He hadn't had breakfast and, obviously, neither had Rafe.

"Does this place have a restaurant? We might as well grab some grub." He got to his feet as Rafe walked into the room.

"Sure. Come on. I'll take you there." He set off, not bothering to wait for Ransom. "The food is pretty good. That's why I stay here every chance I get."

He was right. Both he and Rafe chose to have a light brunch with Rafe stocking up on some fatty but mostly sugary items while he went for the oatmeal, fruit platter and coffee. Rafe could afford to be lax. He was skinny as a rake.

Soon enough the meal was over and it was time to talk. Ransom got the ball rolling. "Now tell me what it was you couldn't have told me yesterday." Pushing his plate to one side he leaned forward, ready to get a resolution to the mystery.

Rafe relaxed in his chair and reached over to pull his glass of water toward him. He took a slow sip before he spoke. "Where do I start?" he asked, not looking at Ransom. "It's a long story."

"Start at the beginning."

Rafe began, and he hadn't been lying when he'd said it was a long story. He went as far back as a year earlier and, like Ransom should have guessed knowing Rafe, it involved a woman.

"So it didn't work out. You needed to get away. I get that but what does that have to do with your family? Why cut yourself off from us, especially Mom?"

Rafe's lips tightened and he looked down at his hands. When he looked up again there was such pain in his eyes that Ransom was taken aback. "This is all about my family, Ransom. Especially Mom."

Ransom looked at him askance. This was getting more and more confusing by the minute. "What does Mom have to do with it?"

"She's got everything to do with it. I was too ashamed. I didn't want to hurt the family...and especially not her. That's why I decided to stay away." His face grew solemn as he stared off into space.

Ransom glared at him. "You'd better start talking sense before I knock some into you," he growled. "What are you blabbing about? Spill it."

"The girl I was with...Rhonda...you know Mom liked her, right?"

"Yeah, so what? It didn't work out. These things happen. You don't think Mom would understand?"

Rafe shook his head. "No, you don't understand. Mom more than liked her. She loved her...like the daughter she never had."

Ransom almost groaned. Not that argument again. Since childhood Rafe was convinced that their mom would have preferred a girl to another boy. Idiot, the older ones used to say, she chose you, didn't she? She could have chosen a girl if she wanted. But he always came back to that idea simply because, when he was six years old, he'd overheard their mother telling their Aunt Mary how there were such cute dresses in The Children's Place that she would have loved to have a little girl to shop for.

"And that was why it was so hard," Rafe continued. "Mom blamed me for the break-up. She never forgave me when I told Rhonda it was over."

"She told you that?"

"She didn't have to. She's been nice to me like always but I can read Mom like a book. She's still hurting because she lost her daughter-in-law to be."

Ransom remained silent, just staring at his brother. Finally, he spoke. "Mom knows why you broke up with Rhonda."

Rafe shook his head. "No, she doesn't. Rhonda told her all kinds of stories and she pretty much believed them."

"Mom knows why you broke up with Rhonda."

That made Rafe stop and stare. "How could she? I never told her."

"No, but Rhonda did."

"What? Those lies she fed Mom? The way she painted me, I'm surprised Mom even speaks to me anymore."

"She came back and told Mom the truth. Eventually. Mom knows that she was the one who did the cheating, not you."

Rafe's eyes narrowed. "She never told me that."

"Who? Rhonda or Mom?"

"Neither one of them. I didn't know they had that conversation."

"Maybe if you would come home once in a while or even pick up the phone and make a friggin' call you'd know by now." Ransom gave a snort of exasperation. "Mom says when you call you're always in such a darned hurry to get off the phone she can't even get a chance to talk to you."

"I thought she didn't want to talk to me."

"When does Mom never want to talk to you? To any of us?" Ransom glared. "That's what she does best. She's our Mom."

Rafe drew in a long breath then let it out on a sigh. "Yeah. I know. And I've been a real jerk, staying away like this."

"You said it." Ransom slapped a hand on the table, making the forks jumps. "Now get your act together. Go call your mother."

That evening when he returned to his hotel Ransom felt satisfied. While he'd been there Rafe had called Mother Kent and although the conversation had been short, at least it was a lot more meaningful than the 'hey, Mom, I'm okay, see ya' kind of calls they'd been having lately. It would take a lot more conversations between Rafe and Maggie but at least today was a start.

Now, relaxed on the king-sized bed, Ransom could afford himself the luxury of letting his mind wander to the woman he was dying to kiss. What was Solie up to right at that moment? Was she busy at work, busy being the consummate professional, taking charge of everything? Or was she lying in bed thinking about him like he was thinking about her?

And, just in case she was, he decided to call her. It would either go to voicemail or, if he was lucky, she'd pick up the phone and he'd be blessed with that saucy, sexy voice of hers.

Ransom picked up the phone and dialed. It rang four times and then clicked over to voicemail. He didn't bother leaving a message.

After all, what would he say? I've been thinking about you? Even worse, I miss you? Talk about stalker mode. If he did that, the girl would go running in the opposite direction and who could blame her?

Smiling to himself, Ransom settled back into the pillows and turned his attention back to the television. He must be in his second childhood because, like a kid, he could hardly wait to get back to see her again.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

"So am I allowed to work now?" Ransom couldn't help throwing that jab at his manager.

"Gimme me a break, boss. You've been back on the job two weeks now. When are you going to let up?" Trevor shook his head as he reached for the pile of charts. "Aren't you ever going to forgive me?"

"For turning me into a prisoner in my own home? Maybe not." Ransom chuckled. "But then again, maybe some good might come out of it."

"Hey, some good already has. You made a friend, didn't you?"

Ransom gave him a wry grin. "I guess you could say that."

Trevor shrugged. "I guess I could. What else would you call it?"

"I'd call it fate."

Trevor dropped the charts back onto the desk and turned toward him. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Just what I said." Ransom's tone was enigmatic. That was as much as he was going to say. He got up and walked toward the door. "I've got some business to take care of on the road. Be back in an hour."

The fact was, Ransom was becoming more preoccupied with Solie with each passing day. It was a worrying thought. Not since high school could he remember being so obsessed with a girl. And he hadn't even kissed her yet.

But that would soon change. The next time he saw Solie Felix he'd steal a taste of her succulent lips or he wasn't Ransom Kent.

He'd been back in Fort Lauderdale two days now but, as luck would have it, the issues had been waiting on the table and he'd been too swamped to run over and check on her. Today, though, he didn't want the evening to pass without hearing her voice or, better yet, seeing her face-to-face.

And once he had her in his sights again, who knew what would happen?

When Ransom got home that evening Solie's car was nowhere in sight. The disappointment left a bitter taste on his tongue but he swallowed it and went on inside. He was a big boy. He could wait.

But the evening seemed to pass way too slowly for his comfort. He'd spent the past two hours killing time, watching television, but there was just so much of that you could take. Finally, when King Tut began to whine he took the opportunity to throw on his jogging gear and take the dog for a walk. They circled the park six times before he felt like they'd had enough. Then he headed back up the street toward home.

As luck would have it, just as they were two gates away from Solie's house Ransom saw her car pull into the driveway. He quickened his steps, intent on catching her before she went inside. He got there just as she slipped the strap of her handbag over her shoulder and slammed the car door shut.

"Hey, how're you doing? Long time no see." Ransom smiled and went up to take the grocery bag from her hand, King Tut close behind him.

"Oh, hey. You're back." Solie gave him a tiny, restrained smile and dropped her eyes.

Ransom didn't know what to think of that. He'd been all excited but she didn't even look happy to see him. Had he misread her signals? So the feeling wasn't mutual?

Apparently not. Instead of letting the handle of the grocery bag slide into his hand Solie held on tight then she gave a slight shake of her head and lifted her face to look up at him. "Thank you, Ransom," she said, her voice soft, a hint of strain about her lips, "but I can manage. It's not heavy at all."

She dropped her eyes again then turned and began to walk toward the front door. There she paused and turned to stare at man and dog still standing in her front yard. The tiniest of smiles graced her lips. "Have a good evening."

She waved and then let herself in but not before Ransom saw a strangely wistful look in her eyes.

Even after she'd gone inside he still stood there staring at the now closed door, baffled. Talk about a cool reception. But there was something more to all this. What the hell was going on?

***

"For someone who's got a new love interest you're one depressed-looking girl." Kyra didn't hold back when it came to telling the world what she was thinking.

"Solie's got a love interest?" Dominic looked up from his computer screen to peer over at the two women standing by the reception desk. "How come I'm just knowing about it?"

"Because you're not one of us, Dominic. Stay out of this." Kyra fixed him with a glare that would deflate any man.

Any man, that is, except Dominic. He was like the Bobo Doll that you punched and it came bouncing back for more, even though he looked nothing like the short, squat, smiling Bobo Doll. Tall and reedy, he looked like an absent-minded professor with his wild brown hair and horn-rimmed glasses. The funny part was, sometimes he acted like one, too, getting himself lost in a good book, totally forgetting that he was the receptionist. There'd been quite a few complaints from visitors who arrived at the desk only to be ignored. Dominic was lucky he'd held the job down this long.

But he was a good guy, quick to share words of wisdom. And with all the reading and philosophizing he did, he had lots of those.

"I was reading something the other day," he began, pushing his glasses back up his nose with his pinky finger, "that has a lot of insight on what makes for a successful relationship. It said romance is something you should-"

"Oh, no, not more insights." Kyra threw her head back and in a dramatic sweep she lifted her arm to cover her eyes with the back of her hand. "Oh, Lord, deliver me from this not-so-wise sage."

"Will you knock it off?" Dominic rewarded her with a scowl then, totally ignoring her, he turned and gave Solie his full attention. "What's the problem, Sol? Maybe I can help. You know I'm a good listener."

Solie nodded and gave him a tiny smile. She had no intention of discussing her personal life with him but he looked so eager. How could she let him down softly? "I know, Dominic," she said gently, "and I appreciate your wanting to help but it's not that important."

"Not that important?" His brows fell again and this time his eyes flashed indignation. It was like they were saying, how dare she prevent him from doing good. "Of course it's important. You're my best friend. How could it not be important?"

Solie cocked an eyebrow in surprise. Now where had that come from? Long-time co-worker, yes. Pretty good friends, sure. But best friends? She didn't know about that. "Uhm, Dominic, it's okay," she said quickly, wanting to stem his flow before he got any more ideas. "I'm not depressed like Kyra said. Give me till tomorrow. I'll be bright and chirpy again. Promise."

That made him tilt his head and give her a doubtful smile. "Chirpy? I don't know. That's not really you." Then his eyes brightened and he straightened. "Hey, I've got a great idea. It's bound to cheer you up. Why don't you and me go see the latest Spider-Man pic? I know you love yourself some Spider-Man. Right?" He got up and slapped his hand on the counter top. "Right?" He leaned forward, shoving his grinning face toward her. "Right?"

"Right." With the way he was carrying on what else could she say?

"All right, then. We're going to the movies." He slid his hands off the counter, plopped back down in front of the computer and proceeded to close all the windows he had opened.

"What? You mean now?" Solie stared at him, not believing what she was seeing. She knew Dominic was an impulsive one but, come on, they were at work.

"And what about me? I'm not invited?" Kyra jammed a fist on her right hip and gave him an indignant glare.

Dominic paused, still staring at the computer screen and gave a dramatic sigh. Then he turned, shook his head and began to tut-tut at them. "Ladies, ladies, give me some credit for not being an idiot. Of course we're not going right now. It's a work day. I'm closing my windows because I'm leaving early for an off-site meeting. Lyn's already on her way. She's going to fill in for me and she'll sign in with her own password. And you," he jerked his chin toward Kyra, "you know you're always invited. You're the life of the party, girl. We ain't goin' nowhere without you."

He hopped off the chair and reached for his leather shoulder bag. "There's Lyn now," he said, looking down the hallway. "Right on time." He stepped around the receptionist counter, looking sleek and debonair as always. "I'll shout you guys Saturday morning. Now get back to work, you slackers."

Before Lyn had even slid into his chair he was off, leaving all three women smiling and shaking their heads.

That Saturday Dominic called bright and early as promised and Solie spent an enjoyable afternoon in the company of two people who were lots of fun. And, just like Dominic said, it lifted her spirits tremendously.

The past several days had been rough, wanting to reach out to Ransom, knowing he was probably wondering if she'd gone batty. She'd been more than cool to him the last time they'd met but what else could she have done? How could she have given in to what she really desired with the thick, dark cloud of Raul Escobar hanging over her head? No, best to lay low and fly solo. The last thing she wanted was for her stalker to get jealous and lash out.

Right now it was just too much to think about, too much to deal with. For the moment her best strategy was to just avoid conflict at all costs.

"You're good now?" Dominic turned away from the cashier and held out two sixteen-ounce mango smoothies to Kyra and Solie.

Solie knew the question was meant for her. "Perfect," she said and gave him a smile so bright it would leave no doubt in his mind that the movie they'd just watched had done the trick.

"Good." With a nod he turned and grabbed his own smoothie then, all three, they strolled through the mall as they headed back to the parking garage.

At her car Solie waved goodbye. It wasn't late, just after eight o'clock, but as fun as it had all been it had still been a bit of a strain to keep grinning when your thoughts weren't all happy ones. She needed to make it an early night. Sometimes the best thing you could do for yourself was carve out some alone time, time when you didn't have to fake cheerfulness just to keep your friends happy.

As she drove home, the euphoria of the movie and friendly company behind her, try as she might she could not get Raul off her mind. The man left a bitter taste in her mouth. He'd caused her so much pain and now, just when she thought a new light was...possibly...coming into her life, he'd shown up and was threatening to snuff it out.

She was still mulling over her dilemma as she drove up the driveway and put her car in park. For a while she didn't move, she was so lost in her dismal thoughts, but then she blinked, snapping back to the present. Time to move. She couldn't stay in the car forever.

Sliding her hand across to the passenger's seat she reached for purse then, with her other hand, she flipped the lock open and slid out of the car. Right then all she wanted was the comfort of her bed.

"May I walk you to the door?"

A tiny shriek ripped from her lips as she whipped round to see the tall, lean form of a man in the shadows. Raul!

She gasped and took an involuntary step backward. "Leave me alone," she said in a fierce whisper. "Stay away from me."

The man stopped short then cocked his head to one side as if confused. It was then, when the light from the front porch hit his face that she saw who it was.

"Ransom." She pressed her hand to her heart and gave a breathless laugh. "Oh, my God. You scared me."

He gave her an apologetic smile. "Sorry. I didn't mean to startle you like that. I thought you'd seen me walking up the driveway."

"No." She shook her head. "Why would you think that?"

He shrugged. "You were sitting in the car for a while. I could have sworn you glanced up into the rear-view mirror. I even waved."

Slowly, she shook her head again. "I guess I was too preoccupied with my thoughts. I didn't see a thing."

Ransom slid his hands deep into his pockets and a slow smile crept across his lips. "So what thoughts were occupying your mind so you couldn't even see me? They must have been...sweet."

"Not...really." Solie grimaced. If he only knew...

"So like I said," Ransom held out his arm, "let me walk you to the door."

His gallant gesture surprised her but Solie didn't hesitate. She slid her hand into the crook of his arm and smiled as he rested a big warm hand on top of hers. Then, almost as if they were a couple, they walked up to the door. There Ransom turned and, his face half-hidden in the shadows, he looked down at her as he released her hand. His eyes, now dark and mysterious, gleamed as he watched her with hooded eyes. "You know what I want to do right now, don't you?" His voice was low, so soft, so seductive.

Solie felt a tingling shiver run up her spine. His words made her heart jerk. Was she finally going to taste his lips? But what if-

Before she could finish the thought Ransom lifted an arm and planted his palm above her head, blocking her in. Then he moved in close, so close that he'd trapped her against the wall. "You know exactly what I want," he said in a hoarse whisper, "but do you want it, too?"

"I..." Solie's words died in her throat. Now she knew what they meant when they said the cat got your tongue. With him so close all her thoughts fled and all she could do was revel in the nearness of him, the warmth of his body leaning over her, the woodsy fragrance of his cologne and the smoldering look of passion in his eyes.

She swallowed. Where was big, bad Solie? Ransom had her heart pounding so fast she couldn't even think straight. But she had to say something or he might not kiss her. No way was she going to let him escape now.

She lifted her face to his. "I know what you want," she said, her voice husky with desire, "and I want it, too."

At her words he lowered his head and, ever so gently, he pressed his lips against hers.

As his lips moved over hers Solie moaned and leaned into him, drawing pleasure from his lips but wanting more of him, much more. She wanted his arms around her, holding her tight, crushing her against his hard body. She wanted it so much she had to clench her fists at her sides to keep from reaching out and pulling him into her.

And then he pulled back. In the midst of her yearning Ransom released her lips and lifted his head, leaving her bereft.

The softest of groans escaped her lips. There was nothing she could do to hold it in. She wanted him. Bad.

As if sensing her need, Ransom tilted his head again and as his mouth came closer Solie's lips parted on a sigh.

He captured her mouth with his and this time she gave in to the desire to feel more of him. Sliding her hands up between them she pressed her palms against his muscled chest, delighting in the way his heart thumped, its beat telling her all she needed to know. Ransom was just as turned on as she was.

The knowledge was like an aphrodisiac, divesting her of the last vestiges of her reluctance. Her eager hands left their post and slid upward where she did what she'd dreamed of so many times. Cupping his nape she held him captive as she kissed him back fiercely, giving him as good as he gave.

When they finally broke the kiss and drew apart she looked deep into his eyes, boldly and unapologetically, and what she saw there made her break into a grin. In his eyes was just a hint of shock and plenty of admiration.

Ransom gave a soft whistle. "Talk about a woman in charge." He chuckled. "I can see you know how to turn the tables."

"I can hold my own." Giving him an amused smirk she slid away and bent to retrieve the purse that had slid off her shoulder. When she stood up again Ransom had backed away a bit, giving her some room and now he stood watching her, a relaxed smile on his lips.

"Thanks for walking me to the door," she said with an impudent smile then she slid the key into the lock. When she turned again he was still gazing at her, an enigmatic look in his eyes.

"Goodnight," she said softly, slipped in and closed the door gently behind her.

Inside, Solie leaned her back against the door and released a long sigh. What a way to end the night.

Ransom's kiss had been as mind-blowing as she'd expected...and more. If only it could have lasted forever.

She sighed again and, still smiling, she made her way to the bedroom. She would definitely have sweet dreams tonight.

CHAPTER TWELVE

The bad thing about dreams, especially the sweet ones, was that they all had to come to an end.

By the next morning Solie had floated down from cloud nine and landed back on her two feet on the solid ground of reality. The night before had been a dream come true but today, with the comforting shadows of night replaced by the stark brightness of daylight, she was forced to accept the fact that it wasn't going to work.

How could it, when Raul was still in the picture?

As she pulled her hair up into a ponytail she grimaced. Best to focus on her work and forget about men and all the issues that came with them. The last thing she needed in her life right then was stress.

When Solie got to work that morning it was to see a smiling Dominic at the front desk.

"How's my girl this morning? Doin' good?" He looked like he was about to come from around the counter to hug her. He was already holding out his arms.

Solie held up a hand to stop him. Did she need to be part of a hug fest right there in the lobby? Not today.

"Thanks, Dominic. I'm good. Just gearing up for a busy day." She kept walking but she satisfied him with a wave. "Talk to you later, okay?"

If Solie had wished for a day that would make her forget her man troubles this was definitely it. Hectic did not begin to describe what was going on at the hospital. Today she was in E.R. and, like a curse, it was as if all the kids in Fort Lauderdale decided to come down with the stomach flu - on the same day. And then, to her dismay, they seemed to be seeing more traffic accident victims than usual. She'd already had to deal with a broken arm, a broken leg, lacerations to the face and two broken ribs. Thank God none of the injuries had been life threatening. It was quite unusual and the only conclusion she could make was that it had to do with the rain that had been falling since the night before. There was a tropical storm out on the ocean. She was sure of it.

The next day wasn't much better where flu patients were concerned but by her third work day things began to slow down and Solie found herself able to catch her breath in between patients. Next day would be even better. Her shift would end at three o'clock and she would have the rest of the afternoon to do her thing. It was about time. And she knew exactly what she would do, too. She would get out of the house and get herself to The Galleria Mall. She hadn't been there in a while. With a demanding job like hers, who had time?

She would probably do more window-shopping than actual shopping but it didn't matter. At least she'd be out of the house and besides, The Galleria had some great restaurants. Tomorrow was one day she would most certainly not be in the kitchen.

Wednesday came around and Solie packed up early as planned. What was not in the plan was for Ransom to call her as soon as she parked her car and walked in the door.

"Perfect timing," he said in that so familiar baritone. "Want to come over?"

That caught her off guard. "Come over for what?"

He laughed. "To see me, of course. Or," his voice turned suggestive, "do you want me to come over there?"

"Neither." She blurted the word out as a flash of apprehension ripped through her. She'd already decided that this thing between her and Ransom, it would not work. She wanted to do nothing to encourage it, not until she'd cleared the skeleton that had come to occupy her closet. "I'm busy."

"Oh." She could hear the disappointment in his voice. "I thought you were done work for the day."

"I...am. But I've got other things to do."

"Oh."

There was that 'oh' again, a mixture of disappointment and...was that annoyance? She'd better be hearing wrong because what right did he have to be annoyed?

"I'm sorry," he said, immediately dousing her spark of anger. "I guess I was looking forward to seeing you again, just a little bit too much. If you're busy, you're busy. We'll connect another time." There was a pause and then he said, "Enjoy the rest of your afternoon."

That was his way of saying goodbye. He would be hanging up the phone in another second. She had to stop him before he cut off the call. "Wait." She couldn't say why but she just knew she didn't want the conversation to end like that.

Damn. Why was she so wishy-washy? She knew it was better that she let him go but she couldn't. "I was...planning to go to The Galleria but it can wait till later." There. She'd done it. She'd gone and complicated things just when she'd successfully avoided him for almost four days.

"I've got a better idea," he said, his voice turning cheerful. "Why don't I take you to the mall? I took the day off so if you want me, I'm all yours."

Solie's heart did a hop, skip and, as if that weren't enough, a little jump, too. A man, and not just any man, Ransom Kent, offering to take her shopping, the bane of men across America? He must be the one man in a million who would do that.

And then to say, I'm all yours?

"Yes," she said before she had time to think. "I'd like that. I can be ready in an hour. Is that good?"

"Perfect. Just make sure you don't eat anything. I'll take you to The Capital Grille when we get there."

Solie knew this was probably not the wisest decision she'd ever made but as she slid into her skinny jeans and threw on her embroidered peasant blouse she was feeling bubbly, which was not a word anyone would normally use to describe her. When she heard the doorbell chime she was smiling and she was ready.

She was halfway to the door when her pace slowed and her smile dissolved. God forbid but what if, when she opened the door, it was Raul. It wasn't as if something like that hadn't happened before. Stealthily she crept up, shifted the curtain ever so slightly and peered through the window.

She released her breath when she saw Ransom standing on the porch. She grabbed her purse from the hallway table and opened the door to him. "I love a man who doesn't keep me waiting." She gave him a mischievous grin, pulled the door shut behind her and sauntered ahead of him to the low-lying Mustang parked behind her Honda.

When Solie glanced back Ransom still stood there watching her then, smiling, he shook his head and followed her to the car.

That afternoon at the Galleria Solie had more fun than she'd had in a long time. It was a different kind of fun than going to the movies with a couple of friends. This time she was in the company of a man who made her body tingle every time he touched her. And the way he looked at her made her temperature rise...in a good way.

The more time she spent with him the more she saw of his complex personality. When they'd first met she'd classified him as nothing but a bully. Then she'd seen he could have weaknesses then she'd learned that he could be a friend. Now she was seeing a whole new side of him. They'd walked the mall together and the whole time he'd been more than solicitous. The man had even sat patiently outside the changing room in Banana Republic while she tried on boot-cut jeans and tops. What better sign did anyone need that this man was a keeper?

And then, to her surprise, he'd offered to pay for the stuff.

"No, thank you," she said firmly and pushed his hand away as he reached for the outfits. "You've done enough. All that food I ate in The Capital Grille must have left a serious dent in your wallet." She gave him a smile to soften her rejection. "But thank you. You're very kind."

Her smile widened as she turned away and headed for the cashier. It was just too funny, listening to him grumble about 'independent women'.

Later, after grabbing some sweet treats from Godiva Chocolatier, they made their leisurely way home. By that time it was way past dusk and the stars were out and blinking like tiny fireflies in the heavens.

When Ransom pulled into her driveway Solie gave a soft, satisfied sigh. "I had a wonderful time," she said as she turned to look at him. "Thank you."

"No," he said. "Thank you." Then he jerked his head toward the bags in the back seat. "You've got quite a bit of stuff back there. Let me help you with them."

He didn't let her carry a single one. As they walked to her door all she had was the handbag hanging from her shoulder.

When they got to the porch Solie turned to Ransom. It was time to say goodbye. But how could she? She didn't want this relaxed, beautiful time with Ransom to end.

Drawing in a deep breath she let it out slowly. She had to make a decision, and fast. She could either be a wimp and scurry away into the safety of the house or she could be strong and just go for what she wanted. In the end the decision wasn't that hard. "Would you like to come in for a drink," she asked. "Or coffee, if you prefer?"

Ransom cocked an eyebrow then he gave her a crooked smile. "Are you sure?"

"Why?" she asked, her tone full of challenge. "Should I be scared?"

His smile deepened, making a dimple form in his left cheek. Why hadn't she noticed that before now? "Maybe," he said as he gave her a wicked grin. "You can't be too careful."

Solie only shook her head and turned to open the door. "At least get rid of those bags. You've been lugging them around all day for me." She pushed the door open, flipped on the hallway light and held it wide so Ransom and her assortment of bags could get through the front entrance.

"Come on in," she said. "Don't be shy." She was all bravado, showing an easy smile and relaxed stance when inside she was coiled as tight as a spring...but Ransom didn't have to know that. All he would see was a super-confident woman who had not a fear in the world.

And the fact that, as he passed by her heart did a double-take, was absolutely none of his business.

***

At Solie's invitation Ransom stepped inside, bags in hand. When she stood there, still clutching the doorknob, he gave her a quizzical look. She'd sounded totally at ease when she invited him in but now she was just standing there, watching him, a tiny smile on her lips and an uncertain look - half welcoming, half worried - in her eyes.

"What should I do with these?" he asked, lifting the bags.

"I'll...take them," she said and cleared her throat. She held out both hands for the bags then she smiled. "I'll get rid of them. Just make yourself comfortable in the living room."

As she disappeared down the hallway, bags in hand, Ransom watched her with lazy eyes then sauntered into the living room where he did what she'd instructed. He made himself comfortable on the chenille sofa, leaning against the cushiony back, his legs thrust out before him. It had been a heck of a rough day.

Ransom grinned to himself as he thought about it. He was a real sucker for punishment. If he'd been smart he would have kept his big mouth shut. But no, he had to go and offer to take her shopping, at the mall, no less - the place where you'd find almost a hundred stores under one roof. The ultimate male nightmare.

But he'd wanted to impress her. He'd wanted to seem like he was above that common male phobia. More than that, he'd wanted to spend time with her.

So he was going soft on his neighbor. It looked like he wasn't going to be able to help that. Not that he wanted to. She was growing on him with each passing day. She'd gone from cantankerous busybody to friend to way more than that within a matter of months.

And now, with what he was feeling for her, he wanted it to go even further. She'd let him kiss her once. Tonight he wanted more of the same.

Within minutes Solie was back and offering him a drink.

"I'll take the wine cooler," he said and felt a tickle of amusement when she lifted her brows. Obviously, she'd expected him to go for beer but tonight he wanted no distractions.

When she got back, the chilled bottles and glasses on a tray, Solie headed for the armchair across from Ransom but he was having none of that. She'd already demonstrated that she was not the shy type and he was more than willing to hold her to that standard.

And he knew exactly what would work to get her right where he wanted her.

"I have a dare for you." He was watching her closely as she rested the tray on the coffee table and picked up a bottle. She looked like she was about to pour but she stopped, his statement drawing the expected reaction. Surprise.

"A dare? To do what?" She tilted her head, giving him a look of suspicion.

"Don't worry," he said, his expression bland and his voice mild. "It won't be illegal but it might be...dangerous."

That got her attention, big time. Her brows flew up and the hand with the bottle she was holding trembled...just a little, but enough so he could see he'd made quite the impact.

"Dangerous," she said softly. "How dangerous?"

Ransom didn't answer. Instead, he took the bottle from her hand, making sure to brush the tips of his fingers against her palm. Ignoring the glass he put the bottle to his lips and took a swig, his eyes never leaving hers.

Then, when he was sure he'd made her wait long enough, stoking the embers of her curiosity, he traced his tongue over his bottom lip, catching a stray drop of the peach-flavored liquid. "Very dangerous," he whispered and reached out to rest the bottle back on the tray.

Ransom turned back to Solie who still sat there, looking wary. Earlier she'd tried to play boss but now it was time to show who was in charge.

"Come here." It was not a request but an order, said in a tone designed to shock her into action.

It worked. Almost.

Solie made what seemed like an involuntary move, shifting forward before she stopped short. Then her eyes narrowed. "What about the dare?" she asked. "Tell me what it is."

Ransom almost sighed. So much for being the big boss. He decided to change tactics, letting a seductive smile slide onto his lips. "Come over here and I'll tell you about it."

Solie frowned. "Why should I?"

Ransom's smile deepened. "Because you want to?"

She seemed to give that some thought then her frown lifted and she graced him with a smile. "Maybe I'll sit beside you," she said, "but just for a little bit."

That was all Ransom wanted to hear. 'A little bit' was good because once he had her in his arms he knew there would be no turning back.

Solie got up and took the steps that put her right in front of the sofa and then she sat down, and she didn't scoot away and seek refuge all the way at the end, either. She placed her butt firmly on the cushion then turned to look at him, challenge gleaming in her eyes. "What's the dare?"

Ransom chuckled and relaxed against the sofa cushions, regarding her through half-closed eyes. The girl was a brave one, he would give her that, but now it was time to really test her mettle.

"I dare you," he said, his voice silky soft, "to kiss me like I've never been kissed before."

He was watching her intently, expecting a flicker of fear in her eyes, maybe even a gasp. None of that. Damn, this girl was good.

With nary a hesitation she jerked her chin toward him and the look of defiance she gave him and the newly formed pout on her pretty lips told him her fiery spirit was back. "What do I get," she demanded, "when I fulfill your dare?"

That made him lift an eyebrow. "Don't you mean 'if'?"

"I mean 'when'." Her voice brooked no argument. "What do I get?"

Ransom gave her a slow smile. "You get..." he said softly as he began to undo the top button of his shirt, "...me."

He'd meant it as a joke, of course. He'd merely been teasing her but the look in Solie's eyes told him she took him seriously indeed.

He was on the second button when she made her move.

Like a woman warrior, fierce and fearless, Solie moved forward and slapped her hand over his, effectively stilling all movement. Then her fingers curled around his and she shoved his hand down and away.

Sleek as a cat she leaned over and slid her body up his, making him stiffen instantly.

Jesus, one move and she had him hard as rock.

Like a master seducer Solie slid her hands along his arms and up over his shoulders then, just like she'd done last time, she slid a soft palm behind his neck, the better to keep him in her control.

Then slowly, so tantalizingly slowly, she lowered her face to his, closed her eyes and gently brushed his lips with hers. They were soft lips, delicious lips that he wanted to devour, but he would not reach up and spoil this. He would let her have her way.

Within seconds of teasing him Solie's light kisses turned more insistent. She pressed those soft petals against his mouth, applying a sweet gentle pressure as one hand slid down and she planted her palm against his chest.

Maybe she'd done it to steady herself, Ransom had no idea. All he knew was that the feel of her hand as it brushed against his nipple had him fighting to keep his hands off her. God, he wanted to reach up and pull her into him, slide the softness of her bottom lip into his mouth, slip his tongue deep-

That was as far as he got because, as if she'd been reading his mind, Solie bit his bottom lip then sucked it into her mouth, sending shockwave after shockwave up his spine.

When she released it he moaned and, giving in to his desire, he slid eager hands around her waist.

She slapped them away and renewed her attack, kissing him softly then applying pressure so that his lips parted, giving her free and willing access.

It was like Solie needed no invitation. Sliding her tongue in she tasted him, touching her tip to his then stroking and teasing until she was drawing low moans from deep inside him. The girl could kiss.

Caught up in the passion of the moment he made another attempt to hold her and this time she did not object. Sliding his arms around her he pressed her into him then he captured the back of her head in one hand and tilted her face, giving himself better access. She'd done her part, expertly fanning the flames of his desire, but now it was time for him to retake control.

He was kissing her deeply, passionately, urgently and she was clinging to him like she would never let go. With all this fire blazing between them the night would not end with just one kiss.

More than willing to take things to the next level he began to shift on the sofa, Solie in his arms, intent on positioning her beneath him so that he could take the lead.

And then his cell phone rang. Damn. Why hadn't he turned the friggin' thing off?

He was almost tempted to ignore it but the ring after ring after ring made him pull away and, with a curse, he reached down to dig into his back pocket then dragged it out, ready to end the call. But big and clear on the screen was the name of the one brother he'd ever had to fret about. It was Rafe.

Ransom's heart jerked. This could only mean one thing. If Rafe was calling him it meant he was in trouble.

He slid out and away from Solie, giving her an apologetic look, then he tapped the button to answer the phone.

He put it to his ear. "Speak."

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Ransom sat forward as Rafe's voice filled his ear. "I've had enough, man," his brother said. "I'm coming home."

That was good news...or it could be bad. Ransom's brows fell. "Why? What happened? Are you okay?"

"I'm okay," Rafe said, almost sounding exasperated. "And nothing's happened. I'm just ready to make a move."

Now that he knew Rafe was okay Ransom wasn't quite so glad he'd answered the phone. "So. You've finally come to your senses."

"You could say that."

"Well, that's all well and good but you caught me in the middle of something."

"No, wait. Don't hang up." There was a near plea in Rafe's voice that made Ransom pause.

"What's up?" he asked.

"When you talk to Mom tell her...I'll be home for Christmas."

Ransom almost didn't believe his ears. Rafe had avoided all family gatherings for the past year. Still, he wasn't prepared to get mushy about it. "Good to know," he said simply. "Mom will be pleased."

"Thanks, Ran." Rafe sighed. "I could have called and told her myself but I just hate it when she gets all emotional and stuff. It might make me change my mind."

"I understand," Ransom said, his tone abrupt. "Now I've really got to go."

"Okay, no prob. I'll talk to you some other time."

Ransom clicked to end the call then he turned his attention back to Solie but she'd already straightened up and left the sofa. Now she was standing by the window, her back to him.

"Solie, I'm sorry," he began but he stopped short when she put up a hand. She turned to face him. "It's okay, Ransom. I totally understand. You had to take the call."

She was saying the right words but the serious look on her face told him the mood was already shattered and the moment had passed. They were not going to be picking up where they'd left off. Not tonight.

He drew in a breath and let it out then he shoved the phone back into his pocket and slapped his hands on his knees. "I guess I'd better be going." He said the words slowly, giving her ample opportunity to jump in and say no, just stay a while longer.

It didn't happen.

Ransom could have wrung Rafe's scrawny neck. The night had held such promise but now the only promise likely to be fulfilled for him was a night in his bed in a house where his only company was of the four-legged kind.

He got up, disappointed that Solie hadn't wanted him bad enough to ask him to stay. In fact, the look she was giving him just then wasn't all that pleasant. It was like she blamed him for the interruption.

Wanting to break the tension, he gave her a smile. "Come," he said, and this time he was gentle. "Walk me to the door."

She nodded and turned to go and as he followed her down the hallway all he could think was, what a lousy way to close a wonderful day.

***

"He invited you out?" Kyra's shrill voice ripped through the office.

"Shhh. Will you be quiet?" Solie glared at her. "Or were there some other people across the street you wanted to bring up to speed?"

"Sorry," Kyra whispered, covering her mouth with her fingers, then she giggled. "This is so exciting. I can't believe it. Solie's back in the game."

Solie grimaced. "Don't get too excited. It's only a date. It's not like we've made a lifelong commitment or anything." She shook her head. Kyra could be too enthusiastic sometimes. "And don't tell anyone," she warned. "Especially not Jen." Jen was not strong in the 'keep your mouth shut' department. Solie was not about to have her business be the lunchtime topic in the hospital cafeteria.

"What about Dominic? Can I tell him, at least?" Kyra looked like she had an itch she was dying to scratch.

Solie gave her a wide-eyed glare. "Are you crazy? Definitely not him. Nobody." She emphasized the last word, thrusting her face forward as she did, making sure Kyra got it.

Apparently, she did. Her shoulders slumped and she set her lips in a pout. "All right, I won't tell anyone." She threw a sullen glance in Solie's direction. "Killjoy."

"Yeah, yeah." Solie waved her off. "Live with it."

It wasn't until several hours later that Solie got a few free minutes where she could actually think about what she'd shared earlier with Kyra. Ransom had invited her out and she couldn't have been more thrilled.

Well, actually, she could have been a lot more thrilled if she didn't still have Raul to worry about. Since the day he'd shown up on her doorstep he'd called her so many times. Each time she'd hurried him off the phone, giving him some lame excuse or other. She was at work, she couldn't talk, she'd told him once. Another time she'd said she was on an overseas call. Each time she'd chosen the coward's way out, lying to him instead of blasting him and telling him to get the hell off her phone.

Now, though, with things looking like they could begin to get serious with Ransom she could hide from her bugbear no longer. Like it or not, she would have to confront him head on.

Because, how could she jeopardize what was meant to be? How could she let anything get in the way of her budding relationship with Ransom? She'd accepted his invitation to dinner at 3030 Ocean on Saturday night and, before then, she wanted to set things right. She had four days to get her house in order.

That evening as soon as she'd showered and climbed into bed Solie placed the phone on the bed right next to her, hoping desperately that this was one of those nights when he would call. She was in luck.

As soon as she answered the phone and he began to speak she broke in. "Raul, we need to talk. Can I see you tomorrow?"

"Ah ha. Finally coming to your senses." She could just imagine his face as he gloated. "I knew you'd come around."

Solie didn't bother to make him any wiser. "Can you meet me at Grand Forno tomorrow around seven o'clock? I'll head there straight from work."

"That anxious, are you?" He chuckled into the phone. "You want yourself some Raul candy real bad." Then he paused as if a thought struck him. "So what made you come around? You've been avoiding me all this time."

"N...nothing in particular. I just need to talk." Solie chose her words carefully, not wanting him to get suspicious. The last thing she wanted to do was scare him off. "So, can you come?"

He gave another laugh, a relaxed sound that made her almost sigh in relief. "How can I resist, mi amor, when you plead like that?"

By the time the call ended their rendezvous was confirmed for seven o'clock on Thursday. If all went well she would be free of Raul a whole two days before her date. All she could do now was keep her fingers crossed that she didn't blow it.

Next evening, dressed in a simple black skirt and white blouse, Solie entered the coffee shop and selected a deserted table close to the rest rooms. It wasn't that she liked being in that location but the patrons tended to chose other, more pleasant areas before looking in this direction. That was exactly what she wanted, whatever little privacy the restaurant could provide. And for what she was about to do she wanted quiet, too.

By the time Raul arrived she was ready. Waving him over to the table she directed him to his chair, making sure he was positioned just right. Then she placed her purse on the table between them - she'd made sure to select a small one this morning - and leaned forward with a smile designed to put him at ease. "Glad you could make it," she said, keeping her face pleasant when all she wanted to do at that moment was slap the smirk off his face. He was looking too pleased for her liking.

"Hola, mi amor." That annoying endearment again. "You're looking good today. Good enough to eat." He gave Solie a suggestive smile that made her shudder inside.

Time to get his dirty mind off that track. "What can I get you? It's my treat."

Raul gazed at her for a full ten seconds, just leering, not saying a word. Then he shrugged. "Surprise me. You're good at that."

She was good at surprises, all right, and boy, was he in for a big one. She got up from the table and went to place an order for iced tea, iced coffee, a panini and a salad. Within minutes she was back, tray in hand, and when he reached out and shifted her handbag her heart jerked. Shoot. What if his hand touched the button?

"Here you go, Raul," she said, a super-bright smile on her face. "Go ahead and help yourself while I go powder my nose." She grabbed the purse from the table and rushed past him to hide herself away in the ladies' room where she could do a quick check of her device. Satisfied, she headed back out to slide onto the chair across from him.

Shifting her meal to one side she made sure to deposit her purse close to him and then she began to speak.

She hardly ate, preferring to let him blab away in his good old Raul Escobar way. Then, when he was good and comfortable, she decided it was time to take control of the conversation.

"Raul, we have to talk." She leaned forward and looked him straight in the eyes.

"But of course, mi amor. That is what I love to do, to talk to you...among other things." He gave her a cheeky grin and leaned forward, too, so close that they looked ready to share a kiss.

Solie's immediate impulse was to pull back but she fought the urge. She needed him close and if this was the way to get that, then so be it.

"Raul," she said, "I want you to tell me why you've been stalking me."

Raul tilted his head and gave her what he must have thought was a seductive smile. It wasn't. "Oh, my love, is that what you call it?"

"Yes," she said fiercely, "that's what I call it. For the past five weeks you've been harassing me, calling me at all hours of the night, then you show up at my home and invite yourself in and then, to top it all off, you threaten me."

"Threaten you, mi amor? I'm hurt." He gave her a playful pout. "How can you say that?"

"I can say that," she said through clenched teeth, "because it's true." Stealthily, she shifted her purse closer to him. "Don't you admit that you've called me after midnight, even at two in the morning?"

"But don't you see? It is because I love you."

"So you admit it."

"Of course, mi amor. What won't I do for love?" Raul was turning on his Latin charm now, full force.

"And you admit that you barged into my home?"

"I wouldn't say 'barged in'. You wanted me there. I could see it in your eyes. That's why I came in."

"And what about when you threatened violence if I showed interest in anyone else?" She was warming up to the questioning. She knew exactly what to ask to get him to tie himself up. She hadn't watched all those episodes of 'Law and Order' for nothing.

"I never threatened you." Raul's brows fell. "All I said was, you'd better not-" He stopped short, his frown deepening. "Hey, why all these questions?" Still frowning, he sat back in his chair and folded his arms across his chest. "What are you up to?"

Solie slid her hand across the table to draw her purse onto her lap. "Oh, nothing." She shrugged then reached up to toy with her hair. A stray lock had fallen onto her cheek and she curled it around her finger, all the while giving him a coy smile. "I guess I'm still a little peeved that you've been so bossy to me. That's not nice."

"Ay, mi Solie, you know me so well. I must always be the man in charge." Relaxing visibly, Raul unlocked his arms and leaned forward to take her hand. "Nobody knows me like you do."

"Ah, yes, I know." She was smiling back but inside she was frantically trying to figure out a way to beat a hasty retreat. She glanced at the thick gold watch on Raul's wrist. "Oh, my Lord," she gasped. "Look at the time. I had no idea it was so late." She pulled her hand from his grasp, throwing him an apologetic smile. "I promised to watch the Jackson's kids tonight while they go to the movies. You remember Rick and Shirley Jackson from across the street?"

He looked like he didn't remember them nor did he really care. He just looked annoyed that she was about to leave. "Can't someone else do it?"

"No. I promised." Before he could find a way to stop her Solie gathered her purse to her and stood up. "I'm so sorry, Raul, but I'll call you tonight. Promise."

He opened his mouth as if to respond but by that time she was waving and backing away. As soon as she got the chance she whirled around and practically ran out of the restaurant, intent on getting as far away from him as possible. If he had any idea what she'd just done he would probably run after her and throttle her right there in the parking lot. She had to get away.

Solie didn't breathe easy until she got home, went into the house and closed the door firmly behind her. She locked the doors, the windows, everything, then headed for her bedroom where she lounged around for a couple of hours before she picked up the phone. Now it was time to execute part two of her plan. Time to call Raul.

When he answered the phone he sounded sort of slow, almost sleepy. "Sol, you're finished babysitting?"

If the situation weren't so serious Solie would have laughed. He'd actually bought that story? "Raul," she said, her voice cold, "I want you to leave me alone."

"Huh, what?" That seemed to jerk him awake. "What are you saying? This evening-"

"Was a farce. I only asked you to meet me so I could get you to implicate yourself. And I did." She sat up on the bed as she pressed the phone to her ear, feeling triumphant. "I got you to confess and I have it all on my digital recorder."

"What the hell?" The words exploded into the phone, making Solie jump. "You played me? You were just toying with me?"

"You could say that. Now I have all that I need to make a formal report to the police. You can't deny any of it. I have it on tape."

"You wouldn't dare."

"Oh, wouldn't I?" She was getting bolder by the minute and she was not afraid to let him know it. "If you set one foot on my property, if you even so much as try to call me, I'll get you thrown in jail so fast you won't know what hit you."

Her declaration was greeted with silence. When Raul spoke again his voice was strained. "So that's why you ran off so fast. You wanted to get away with your tape."

"Of course," she said, her tone almost flippant. "You didn't think I would tell you this while sitting across the table from you, did you? You would have grabbed it or made me hand it over."

His answer was a grunt of disgust or annoyance, she didn't know which, but it didn't really matter. He was trapped and there was nothing he could do about it. She was in total control and he knew it.

"Here's the deal," she said. "You stay the hell out of my life and you have nothing to worry about. But you just so much as take a breath in my direction and I'm going straight to the police. Got it?"

Another grunt.

"Got it?" she said again, more vehement this time.

"Got it." It was little more than a mumble.

"Good." And with that she hung up, satisfied that she'd eliminated the one obstacle to her happiness.

And when it came to getting rid of annoying pests, that was how you did it.

***

Saturday night was finally here. Time for her first real date with Ransom. She couldn't count the day at the mall as a date, not when it had happened by chance, no matter how happy it had been. Tonight, though, she'd planned everything to a T - her clothes, her hairstyle and her make-up. Tonight she was going to be a knockout.

From the slinky black dress that showed off her curves to the four inch stilettos that made her straighten her back and thrust her br**sts forward, from the soft tendrils she'd deliberately loosened by her temples to the crimson hue that made her lips pop, Solie knew she was sure to make an impression.

She did one last check in the mirror then, as the bell chimed, she drew a scarf across her shoulders and went to meet Ransom at the door.

When she saw her date standing there, hands thrust into his pocket as he smiled down at her, the word that popped into her mind was 'gorgeous'. And that was quite a compliment for a guy.

"You look wonderful," she told him as her eyes roamed the black-clad height of him, from his wing tip black shoes to his dark Armani suit to the tanned skin of his neck, such a contrast to the stark white of the collar of his shirt. When she came to his face she saw that he was regarding her with a look of amusement.

"Done checking me out?" he asked with a crooked grin.

She lifted an eyebrow. "Done," she said and responded with a grin of her own.

Then he reached out to take her hand. "And you, my dear, look stunning." He bent his head to give her a soft kiss on the cheek.

Solie almost groaned. As he'd leaned over her she'd tilted her face up to his, expecting a kiss, a real one, not a peck on the cheek. Then she did an inward shrug. Oh, well, maybe he didn't want to smudge her lipstick.

She locked the door then took his arm and he walked her to his car. As soon as they set off she settled into the soft leather of the seat and watched as he took control of the sleek sports car, expertly handling the powerful vehicle, stroking it till it purred. It was like how, she imagined, he would handle a woman, stroking her with a restrained power that would have her writhing with want. And right then Solie was dying to be stroked just like that.

She gave her head an almost imperceptible shake. Enough of that fantasizing. All that stroking and purring would come soon enough. Now she needed to focus on enjoying the evening with this handsome man by her side.

Ransom got them to the restaurant within fourteen minutes of their departure, a journey that would normally have taken over twenty minutes. She wasn't complaining, though. He'd driven swiftly but carefully and she knew that in his hands she was safe. Physically, anyway. She wasn't so sure about the effect he was having on her heart.

To Solie's delight, upon arrival they were ushered to a relatively secluded table for two right by the huge bay window that looked out onto the tropical landscape with its lush gardens and stately palms. Despite the shadowy veil of night the beauty of the scene was not dimmed. The subdued exterior lights softly illuminated the area, providing the perfect backdrop for a romantic rendezvous.

"After you, madam." Ransom, ever the gentleman, gave her a slight bow as he held the chair for her.

"Why, thank you, kind sir," she said, playing along. She smiled, loving the mood he was in tonight.

They settled in for a delicious meal of roasted Atlantic cod, local red snapper, a vegetable medley, and white wine. Solie's favorite was the dessert Ransom selected for her - warm nutella bread pudding with cayenne ice cream erasmo. When he'd described it to her, her mouth had started watering long before the scrumptious treat was placed in front of her.

She giggled as she took her first bite. "Are you trying to get me fat?" She wasn't the giggly type but somehow, with Ransom, she couldn't help it. He was turning her into a girl all over again.

He tilted his head. "You could stand to put on a few pounds."

"I could not." She threw him a scowl but then spoiled it when she started laughing. "Stop looking at me like that. You remind me of my mamita. Eat, eat, eat, she says. She's always bugging me to eat more and just now you looked exactly like her."

"Oh, really." That seemed to amuse the heck out of him because his face broke into a grin. "Since we're so alike you'd better introduce me to that mamita of yours. Then we can gang up on you."

"No way." She shook her head, still laughing. "One of you bugging me at a time is all I can take. I am not letting you link up with my mama."

But even as she said the words Solie's heart was curling up with pleasure. Ransom had actually spoken as if he would like to meet someone in her family. That could only mean he wanted to get to know her even better, right? It meant he really, really liked her.

Okay, so he'd said it in jest but still...

Too soon, their meal all gone, it was time for them to leave. Solie did not want the evening to end and when Ransom drove her home then invited her in for a drink she accepted without hesitation.

She'd entered his home so many times before but tonight it seemed so different, bathed in shadows with only softly subdued lights illuminating their path to the living room. There, Ransom tapped the digital music system, filling the room with the sultry sound of John Legend crooning a love song. Before she could react he drew her into his arms and began to rock to the rhythm of 'Best You Ever Had'. Tonight was the night you'd lose control, the words said. Had he planned this?

By the time the thought flew into her mind it dissolved like a puff of smoke in the wind. Ransom was doing something to her, making her mind turn to mush, making her bones turn to jelly. He'd slid a hand up her back and another onto her right hip and now he was molding her into him, leaving no room between them, not even for a breath of air.

Her br**sts crushed against the flat muscles of his chest, her body pressed so close she could feel the powerful muscles of his thighs, she was left with little choice but to lift her face to his and let him go all the way.

Surrendering her lips to him she welcomed the firmness of his mouth on hers and when he took control of the kiss, sliding his hand up to cup the back of her head, she moaned, her lips parting to receive him.

And so they danced, kissing and caressing each other as they swayed, lost in the seduction of love song after love song.

Solie didn't know when she got there but she jumped in surprise when the back of her legs touched the sofa. But then Ransom was bending over, tilting her back into the cushions until she was lying on the couch, looking up into his smoldering eyes.

When he made to pull back Solie reached for him, letting him know she wanted this just as much as he did. She pulled his face down to hers, kissing him passionately, showing him in actions what she couldn't say in words.

Ransom broke the kiss and pulled back again and this time he was successful. "God, Solie, you're driving me crazy. I want you so bad." His voice was a cross between a gasp and a groan.

"I want you, too," she whispered. "I want all of you."

That did it. Looking like she'd just tipped him over the edge, he gave a guttural groan and lowered his lips but this time it was not to kiss her. It was to trail hot kisses down the column of her neck until his lips caressed the tops of her br**sts so conveniently exposed in her low-cut dress.

Solie gasped and reached up to capture Ransom's head in her hands, pressing him to her as he kissed and licked the smoothness of her sensitive skin, sliding his tongue deep into the crevice between her br**sts.

"Ransom." His name escaped her lips in a breathless whisper. "Please." She said nothing more, but she didn't have to.

As if he'd read her mind, Ransom slid a finger to shift the top of her dress, exposing a braless breast to his heated gaze. Then, before she could beg again, he lowered his head to capture the turgid nipple with his lips, sucking the bud deep into his mouth, making her gasp in pleasure.

"Oh, yes. Please don't stop." Solie arched her back, thrusting the nipple up and even farther into his mouth, then she sighed in satisfaction as he sucked and nibbled, worrying the nipple, sending waves of pleasure rippling through her.

To her relief, Ransom soon shifted his attention to the other nipple, drawing it out of exile and treating it to the same delicious attention he'd given the other.

When Solie felt Ransom's hand sliding along her leg then up toward her hip her heart gave a jerk of anticipation. Or was it fear? She was ready for this. Her body was calling for him and so was her heart. But...was this the right time?

Ransom's hand stilled. It lay there, high on her hip, but he made no attempt to move farther. It was as if he'd sensed her apprehension.

Gently, he slid his hand back down, pulling the hem of her dress with it, covering the length of her legs that had been exposed.

Ransom pulled away but not before he'd adjusted the top of her dress so it now covered her demurely. He gave her a rueful smile and shook his head. "Sorry. I couldn't help myself." Then he grinned. "How could I, when you look so irresistible tonight?"

Relief washing through her, Solie smiled back and took the hand he held out to her. He wasn't mad. She'd spoiled the moment yet there he was, smiling down at her like she was a treasure, even as he paid her the sweetest compliment.

When she was back on her feet he picked up her scarf and gently draped it over her shoulders. "We never did get to that drink, did we?" He chuckled, as he stood close. "But I'll give you a rain check on that. You and me, in this house tonight? Too dangerous."

Solie could not agree more. She let him take her hand and walk her home and as she closed the door behind her she raised a trembling hand to her still throbbing ni**les.

There was no doubt in her mind who she'd be dreaming about tonight.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

"Feliz Navidad!"

Solie covered her ears under the assault of the children's screams as they tore through the house, light sabers flashing red and green as they ran from living room to kitchen to outdoors and back again. "Feliz Navidad!"

"Okay, that's it. Stop. Now." Solie planted herself right in the pathway of the four and six-year-old, determined to put an end to the torture. "Go watch some TV or something. Give your poor old auntie a break."

That made Carina laugh. "You're not old. You don't even have gray hair."

"Yeah, not old." Perez shook his head then looked to his older sister as if for confirmation. "Tia Solie is not like abuelita."

"Come here, you two. So cute." Solie knelt down and pulled them into a big bear hug. "I may not be as old as Grandma but I still have to protect my sanity and with all this noise you guys are making," she shook her head as she laughed, "I'm this close to going insane."

"What is insane?" Perez looked at her with curious brown eyes.

"It means 'loco'," Carina said, pulling away and giving her brother a look of disdain. "Everybody knows that."

Solie chuckled and lifted a finger to touch her on the tip of her nose. "Not everybody, Carina. Remember what I told you about not teasing your brother. You're in a higher grade than he is. You're bound to know more words."

" 'Cause I practice all the time. I always speak in English, Tia Solie, especially with my teacher at school." She nodded vigorously, her eyes shining with pride.

"And you're doing great. You both are." Solie got up and, resting her hands on their shoulders, she turned the children to face the open back door. "Now go out into the yard and do all the screaming you want." A tiny shove sent them on their way.

Solie was still smiling as she watched the children dash out onto the grass where they continued their chants of 'Feliz Navidad', even louder than before. Thank goodness she'd got them to go outside before they turned up the volume.

Solie had arrived in Panama three days earlier, in good time to help prepare the traditional Christmas Day dinner that was held at her mother's house. She'd hit the market the first day she landed, stocking up on good chicken stock, rice and spices for the pollo con arroz, eggs and nutmegs for the Ron Ponche, and raison, prunes and dark rum for the Christmas cake.

Now everything was ready, her sisters were here, Caridad's husband would soon be back from a quick run to the nearby liquor store and it would soon be time to gather at the table. The one thing Solie needed to do now was get her mother away from the mirror and into her dress. If there was one occasion for which Niurka insisted on dressing up it was for the family Christmas dinner. And that process, unfortunately, could take a very long time.

Solie tapped at her mother's door then gently pushed it open. As expected, Niurka was nowhere near ready. Hair still in curlers and wearing only her full slip and stockings she was busy applying shadow to her eyelids.

"Mama, what've you been doing all this time?" Solie practically wailed. "I can't believe you haven't even combed your hair yet."

"Stop complaining, hija, and come and help me." Niurka waved her over and pointed to the curlers on top of her head. "I always have so much to do, Soledad. That is why I do not get the chance to get ready."

Solie could have rolled her eyes but she didn't. Her mother had probably been in her room procrastinating the whole time. She was notorious for getting distracted and sneaking in an episode of 'Betty La Fea' on the TV in her room when she should have been getting ready.

"It's okay, Ma. I'll help you." She began to pull the curlers from her mother's hair, dropping them one by one onto the dressing table in front of her.

"You did not talk to me since you came, hija." Niurka gave her a little pout. "How is Fort Lauderdale? Are you keeping in touch with your uncle? When was the last time you visited him?"

Now Solie did have to roll her eyes. "Mama, why do you always insist that I visit Tio Jose? He's so cranky. I hate going there."

"But he is my brother. He is family. You have to visit him."

Solie gave a noncommittal grunt. She knew her mother would not rest until she gave both time and date when she would be paying her uncle a visit.

"And how is it that you cannot find time to visit my poor brother when you have time to help this man next door? Are you still doing that?"

Solie almost coughed. She'd told her mother about Ransom? When had she done that? More important, why?

"Uh, I...no. Not anymore. He's...fine now." Then, wanting to dig without it being too obvious, she said. "What else did I tell you...about Ransom?"

"Ransom? That's his name?" Niurka began to brush loose powder onto her face then she turned to look up at Solie standing over her. "Now that we're talking about it, I have some questions for you. Who is that man, anyway?"

"Man? What man?" Solie decided her best line of defense was to play dumb.

"That one. Ransom," her mother said, looking exasperated. "When I called that time you said you were rushing over to help him with something. Is he your friend?"

Solie cleared her throat, her fingers going still in Niurka's hair. "You could say that."

"But you did not sound like you were friends that time. Did he hire you, then?"

"No, I was just helping." Solie went back to pulling out the curlers, her mind racing. She wanted to change the subject so bad. She was definitely not ready to talk about Ransom, not to her family. She was busy trying to work things out in her mind. Now was not the time to be talking about the man who was entangling her heart in so many wonderful webs. She didn't know whether to give in and love him or give up and leave him.

A slight smile curled her lips as she thought about it. She already knew what her choice would be. And it was while she was standing there, her fingers in her mother's hair, that she began to admit it to herself - she was falling madly and wonderfully into the web of love that Ransom had cast. She was in love and there was no nicer feeling in the whole world.

"Are you going to answer me?" Niurka was tapping her on the hand. "Why were you spending your time helping him? It didn't even sound like you knew him that well. Was he paying you?"

Solie smiled at her mother in the mirror and shook her head slowly. "Oh, Ma, I did it because I wanted to. If I'd charged him for my time he probably wouldn't have been able to pay. I don't know if construction workers make that much money."

"So he's a construction worker, is he?"

"Yup. When he heads out to work he's always in his yellow hardhat and safety vest." Then she chuckled. "And he looks good in it, too."

"Ay, mi hija. It sounds like you've been bit by a bug." Niurka was smiling broadly now, her eyes sparkling as they met Solie's in the mirror. "My Solie has found herself a man. Tell me all about him."

Solie sighed and shook her head. She'd walked right into that one. "I'll tell you, Ma, but after Christmas dinner. Now hurry up and let's go eat."

***

"Rafe, my dear, you sit right here between us." Maggie patted the chair between her and Bill Kent.

"Yeah, Rafe, go sit by your mommy." Ridge grinned at him across the table. "Mama's boy."

"Leave him alone." Ransom was the only one who knew what it had taken for Rafe to decide to come back home. He was probably still as skittish as a colt. He didn't want Ridge spoiling things now and sending him running. He jerked his head toward Rafe who still stood looking at the empty chair, his hands thrust deep into his pockets. "Sit, kid, before the food gets cold. I'm hungry." The last words were said on a growl. Not bothering to wait, he reached for the bowl of mashed potatoes.

"Patience." A well-aimed slap from his mother had him pulling his hand back.

Maggie looked over at her husband. "Thirty-odd years I've been teaching him manners and he still lets me down."

Bill reached out to pat his wife's hand. The smile he gave, so full of love, softened the strain on his face. "You've been a good mother, dear. If the boy goes astray it's his own fault."

That made everybody laugh, including Rafe who'd seemed so tense just seconds before. Ryder remained cool, just observing and Ransom gave his mother a rueful grin. "Sorry, Ma."

After that, Rafe settled in between Mom and Dad, Ransom got the potato salad he'd been reaching for, Ridge started stuffing his face with roast chicken - which meant he'd have his trap occupied for a while so he'd have to hold off on teasing Rafe - and Ryder sat there grinning like a fool, observing the family together at last.

"It's been a while since we've done this," he said, looking as pleased as rum punch. "We should do it more often."

His father nodded. "I could not agree more but there's just one thing missing."

Ransom looked up from the plate on which he'd been piling chicken, roast beef and string beans. "What's that?"

"Grandkids," Bill said, looking directly at him. "When are you going to give me some of those?"

Ransom drew back. "Hey, why are you asking me? Talk to those guys." He looked at his brothers, one after the other, his eyes challenging.

"You're the oldest," Rafe pointed out and he drew the macaroni pie closer. That had always been his favorite.

"Yes, Ransom, you are." His mother gave him a pointed look. "When are you going to get serious and settle down? When are you going to bring home a nice girl and tell us you're getting married?"

"Yeah, Ransom. When?"

Ransom scowled at Ridge. It was too much to expect him to keep quiet.

"When I'm good and ready," he said. "Now let's eat."

Effectively changing the subject he turned everyone's attention back to the food. He breathed a sigh of relief when nobody brought up the 'bring girl home to Mom and Dad' scenario again.

As soon as his mother had said the word there was a girl who had come to mind, a girl who had climbed into his heart and made herself comfortable there, probably a bit too comfortable. If she got too comfy in there he'd be in real danger of losing his whole heart to her.

For now it was best to keep all that to himself.

He glanced around the table at the family he loved so much. One day he would make them happy with kids running around the table while they ate. And it could be sooner than anyone of them would imagine. If he played his cards right...

Smiling at his little secret he lifted his glass of wine. "Merry Christmas, everybody," he said. "May we have many, many more."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

"I can't believe it's New Year's Eve already."

"Believe it, honey. The year's at an end."

Solie sighed, snuggling against Ransom's warm body as they lay on the softly padded wicker sofa in his gazebo. "I'm glad I'm spending New Year's Eve with you."

His arms wrapped around her, Solie felt Ransom bend to kiss the top of her head. "Ditto. There's no better way for me to usher in the New Year than to be with you."

At his words she turned her face up to his, gladly accepting his kiss.

She'd spent six days in Panama and, as much as she loved her family, she could not leave fast enough. When they said 'Absence makes the heart grow fonder' they'd definitely been talking about her. She'd been counting the days - no, the hours and minutes - till she would see Ransom again.

It was funny how she never realized she'd fallen for him - like slip-on-the-ice, feet-flying-in-the-air, landing-on-your-back kind of fall - until she was too far away to touch him, feel his arms around her, draw in the woodsy scent of his cologne. The smell of the woods and Ransom...heaven.

And now as she relaxed into him she was glad they'd decided to forgo the festivities and simply wait out the time together, under the stars, as they approached a brand new year.

And then as a the fireworks went off, lighting up the sky above, Ransom gave Solie her first kiss for the brand new year, only thirty seconds young. A light breeze wafted by and Solie shivered and snuggled even closer.

Ransom's lips grazed her and he whispered softly, "Let's go inside and warm up now. How does hot chocolate sound?"

She could think of a lot better ways they could warm up but she only smiled and nodded then, tucked into his side, she walked with him back into the house.

As soon as he'd closed the door behind them Ransom turned her round and backed her against the wall. Taking her chin in his hand he tilted her face up and began to kiss her - hungrily, almost ravenously - as if he'd been starving for love. When he drew back he left her panting.

"What about the hot chocolate?" she managed to gasp but she knew that was a joke. If the bulge in his pants was anything to go by, hot chocolate was the last thing on Ransom's mind just then.

And Solie was guilty of the same. She'd asked the question in jest because seriously, who needed hot chocolate when the passion between them could set a whole forest ablaze?

"Hot chocolate be damned," he whispered, his voice husky with desire. "All I need is you."

It was those words that were Solie's undoing. She wanted him so bad and he wanted her, too. More than that, he needed her and what could he have said that could be more flattering?

The torch of her desire lit and blazing, Solie was holding nothing back tonight. She slid her hand up and inside his shirt. He jumped and she laughed. "Sorry. I'll have to blow on them to get them warm." She started to withdraw but he captured her hand with his.

"No, don't stop. It will warm up soon enough. Let me feel your hand on my body." He closed his eyes and when she slid her hands back inside his shirt he moaned.

Spurred on by his ardor, Solie decided to be bold. Sliding her hand across his chest she found his nipple, a taut pebble on a solid wall of muscle. She captured that pebble between index finger and thumb and flicked it and rolled it until his moan deepened into a guttural groan.

She gave him a second's reprieve, just long enough for her to loosen the buttons on his shirt, and then she was on him again but this time it was with her lips. She kissed him right in the crease between his pectoral muscles. When he sucked in his breath she slid across the warmth of his skin to cover his turgid nipple with her lips. There she nibbled and sucked, feeling his body stiffen at her teasing, hearing his breathing grow ragged and his heartbeat pounding in her ear.

Knowing the effect she was having on him Solie did not let up. As she slid her palms down his sides and to his h*ps she moved her lips to the other nipple where she continued her tantalizing caress and soon her nips at the taut bud morphed into lascivious licks and sexy kisses that had him practically hyperventilating.

"God, I can't take much more of this." Ransom was trembling under Solie's caress.

She knew she was pushing him. She knew he was close to the edge. He was holding back, clinging to the last remnants of his self-control. But she had a remedy for that...

Releasing his nipple she lowered her head as she hooked her thumbs into the top of his low-riding jeans. There was no hesitation, no fear as she applied pressure, forcing the garment even lower on his hips.

"Oh, shit." The words escaped Ransom's lips in a heated whisper. "Solie, you'd better stop now or else-"

"I won't stop." She cut him off mid-sentence before he could spoil the moment and make her think twice. "I want you too bad to stop now."

It was like that was the signal Ransom had been waiting for all his life. With a growl he bent and lifted Solie in his arms then turned to walked purposefully down the hall.

She had no doubt where he was headed. Sliding her hands up she clasped them at his nape then raised her lips to nuzzle his neck, sending shivers up his body. She could feel them rippling under his skin. She knew exactly what she was doing. She was leaving him in no doubt that she wanted this. From here on there would be no turning back.

Ransom nudged the door of his bedroom open then strode across the room to lay Solie gently on the bed. When he raised up to look at her the soft glow from the swan-shaped nightlight in the corner made the smoothness of his skin gleam golden in the subdued light. The shirt that she'd unbuttoned hung loose from his shoulders, a perfect frame for his muscled chest and washboard abs.

Solie licked her lips, dying to reach for him but not wanting to seem too eager. She would wait for him to make the next move. She didn't have to wait long.

Ransom raised his arms and, muscles rippling, he shook the shirt off his broad shoulders and let it fall to floor, leaving his upper body bare. In one smooth move he slid his loafers off his feet and was bending over her, his lips finding hers as he kissed her with such raw passion that she could do nothing but cling to his bare shoulders.

When he released her Ransom slid his hands under the frilly bottom of her blouse to caress the heated skin of her belly. Those hands, so warm and strong, slid slowly over her skin, making her suck in her breath as they made their way up to the sensitive curve of her bust. When he moved them even higher to cover her throbbing lace-covered br**sts she let out a shuddering moan.

"Please, Ransom," she whispered, "touch me. Right there." They'd only just started and already she was begging but she didn't care.

He was quick to oblige. Lifting her blouse higher he pulled it over her head, leaving her upper body exposed to his burning gaze. As she lay back against the pillows his nostrils flared as he drew in a deep breath then licked his lips, his eyes never leaving the soft hillocks of her br**sts.

Ransom dipped his head again and this time it was to capture her lace-covered tip with his lips. There he nipped and nibbled then sucked her now distended bud deep into his mouth, making her arch her back and moan.

"Mmm." Now it was his turn to moan as he massaged her with his mouth, his pleasure obvious in every stroke of his tongue, every shuddering breath that he drew, in the lustful look in his eyes.

When he released her right nipple and turned his attention to its twin, administering the same sweet seduction to her aching bud, Solie reached for him, sliding her fingers into the thickness of his hair, holding him captive against her chest.

It wasn't enough. She wanted nothing between them, no lace, no clothes. God help her but she wanted to feel her skin against his, her flesh against his flesh.

She let her hands fall away and arched her back again but this time it was to release the clasp at her back and let her br**sts fall free.

To her delight he cupped those br**sts in his big hands, squashing them and bringing her ni**les close together then, covering both buds with his lips, he sucked them into his mouth, sending tremors running up and down her spine.

"Ooh, yes," she sighed, giving herself over to the double torture. "Oh, God, yes," she crooned as her body melted in a puddle of ecstasy.

But Ransom didn't stop there. Releasing her br**sts he heightened his assault, sliding his lips down and over her belly, feathering butterfly kisses at her waist and then her hip as his fingers tackled the button on her jeans.

Solie raised her hips, eager to rid herself of anything that separated her body from his. A second later she was free, wearing nothing but matching black lace panties and a tremulous smile on her lips.

It was weird but as Ransom gazed at her body, his dark eyes so intense, all of a sudden she felt terribly shy.

He'd hooked his fingers in her waistband and was slowly sliding the scrap of garment off her h*ps but when she covered his hands with hers he stopped.

"I...could you turn out the light?" She held her breath, waiting for him to laugh at her, but it never came.

Instead, he gave her a gentle smile. "Honey, you have a beautiful body," he whispered, his lips mere inches away from her private place. "I want to see you. Let me worship your body. Please."

Solie bit her lip. How could she say no? How could she refuse the man who had slipped in the back door and stolen her heart when she wasn't looking? She could feel the heat rise in her cheeks but she clenched her fists by her sides and drew in a deep breath. Then she nodded.

Ransom smiled again then turned his attention back to his task. He drew her panties over her h*ps and down the length of her leg then slipped her feet out and tossed it onto the floor. He was climbing back up her body when she shook her head.

"Should I stop?" His eyes skimmed her face.

"Your turn," she said, her voice husky. "I want to see you, too."

"My pleasure," he said and in one swift move his jeans and boxer shorts were gone.

Ransom straightened and stood before Solie, his body glowing softly in the light, his face half hidden in the shadows.

Thankfully, his lower half was hidden, too. Contrary creature that she was, as much as she wanted to see him she was actually relieved that she hadn't seen it all. Not yet. For now she would revel in the beauty of his broad shoulders, his muscled chest and rippling abs, knowing that he would soon be hers.

Then, as she gazed up at him Ransom made his move, slowly sliding up her body, planting kisses along the way. Inch by inch he moved up the length of her legs until he came to a halt, his lips hovering just over her mound.

Solie clamped her eyes shut and held her breath. Oh God, please don't let him do that. I'm not ready-

Her body jerked, knocking that last thought out of her mind. Ransom's lips were on her and he was massaging her so expertly, sliding his tongue over her sensitive bud, sending jolts of electricity shooting up her body.

Even as her body shuddered he gave her one last lick and then he was moving again, feathering kisses up every tingling inch of her till he was capturing her lips in a kiss so urgent, so ravenous, that all she could do was cling to him and moan.

When he released her lips she reached up to pull him back down but he shook his head.

"I want more," he whispered then bent his head to nuzzle her neck. "Are you ready?"

She'd never been more ready in her life. As he kissed the sensitive skin behind her ear, sending delightful shivers up her body, she slid her hands down to boldly caress the smooth skin of his taut bare butt.

When his h*ps jerked in response, pressing the length of his hardness against her leg, she sighed. "I'm ready," she whispered back.

As soon as she said the words Ransom smiled - she could feel his lips curve against her neck - then he slid a hand beneath the pillows and she heard the crackle of what could only be a condom packet in his hand.

When he rolled away Solie closed her eyes, waiting while he sheathed himself.

Within seconds he was back, gathering her in his arms, holding her close. When he lowered his face to hers she was ready for his kiss.

As his tongue slipped past her lips Solie moaned and opened to receive him. When he lowered his h*ps between her legs she relaxed under him and when the tip of his manhood grazed her center, now moist and ready for his entry, she slid her hands back to his bottom, pulling him into her, urging him on.

Taking the cue, Ransom positioned himself and as he deepened the kiss he entered her in one clean thrust, burying himself in her warm, moist core.

"Mmmh." Solie moaned into his mouth, her body stiffening at his entry but Ransom stayed still, not moving, giving her the time she needed to adjust to the feel of him inside.

When he broke the kiss it was to lower his head to nibble on her ear. "Move with me, baby," he whispered as his hand slid down her body to cup her bottom. "You feel so damn good."

Emboldened by his praise Solie raised her legs to wrap them around his lean h*ps and then she was moving under him and as she moved he thrust into her, slowly, smoothly then faster until her breath came in quick gasps to the rhythm of his moves.

"Yes, honey, just like that," Ransom said in a throaty whisper.

"Ooh, yes. Please don't stop." She was begging again, pleading, but it felt so good. As he thrust deeper and deeper into her, Solie's fingers moved up to tickle his spine then as the passion soared inside she raked her nails up his back, drawing a guttural groan from his lips.

Like she'd pulled his trigger his body spasmed, jerking like he'd lost control, driving him deep inside her. "Aah, God. Solie..."

In perfect tandem with him, Solie felt the first fiery sparks and then the fireworks shot through her body, making her wrap her arms around Ransom, clutching him close as her body splintered into a million pulsating pieces.

It took several seconds before their bodies stopped quivering and then, gently, Ransom withdrew and lay on the pillows beside her. He gazed at her, his breath still shallow, his hair falling wildly over his forehead, looking so sexy that Solie fingers itched to pull his face down so she could capture his lips once again.

Before she could give in to her desire he reached out and brushed the damp tendrils from her face. "Happy New Year, honey," he said softly. "What a way to start a brand new year." Then he gathered her in his arms, stroking her back as she laid her cheek against his chest.

Contented, Solie drew in a deep breath, inhaling the seductive scents of sex and man. And then, remembering when he'd said she'd never need the word but finding the perfect reason to call him so, she raised her lips to his ear. "And Happy new Year to you," she whispered, "my sweet, sexy baby."

When Ransom chuckled and kissed the top of her head Solie snuggled into him again and as she did she whispered a prayer that the coming year would bring her even closer to this man she loved so much.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"No, the black one."

"Are you sure?" Solie held up both dresses, the black one in her right hand and the red one in her left. "I want to look really hot tonight."

"Trust me, in that slinky little thing, you will." Kyra dragged the black dress from Solie's hand. "Come on. Let's go pay for this."

Solie groaned as she stood there watching Kyra head for the cashier. "I don't know," she said, her brows knitted in a frown. "I really like this one. The color red suits me."

With a hiss of exasperation Kyra turned and marched back to Solie and ripped the second dress from her hand. "There's an easy fix for that, Solie. Just take both of them, why don't you? Jeez." And Kyra would not have been Kyra if she didn't roll her eyes for emphasis.

Ten minutes later, the dresses paid for and their arms filled with shopping bags, Kyra and Solie headed for the parking garage where they filled Kyra's Kia Sportage with all the elements of their shopping spree. They got in and Kyra started the engine. "I'll take you straight home," she said. "No more stops, I promise. You need the time to get yourself all dolled up." Then she tilted her head, her eyes full of curiosity. "So where're you going this time?"

"Ransom's taking me to Barton G. in Miami Beach. Have you ever been?"

Kyra chuckled. "Me? Lord, no. You've got to have bucks to eat at a place like that." Then she frowned. "Speaking of which, this guy's been taking you to some really fancy places. I thought you said he's in construction. How is he able to afford all this?"

"I...I guess he saves his money." Solie sounded lame and felt even lamer. Why hadn't she thought of that?

Kyra looked at her askance. "Yeah, right. He'd have to be a darned good saver to be able to afford all this rich stuff. Are you sure this guy's on the up and up?"

"What do you mean?" Now it was Solie who turned narrowed eyes on her friend.

"I mean," Kyra said, pausing as if for effect, "is the guy legit? He could be running a drug ring for all you know."

"Of course he's not." Solie drew back, offended on Ransom's behalf. "That's a terrible thing to say."

Kyra shrugged and put the vehicle in drive. "Just reality, sweetheart. You have to be prepared for anything these days."

"But Ransom isn't-"

"Ransom, Ransom. Everything Ransom." Kyra drove out of the parking garage and onto the road. She didn't look at Solie as she spoke. "He could be the head of the Mafia." She shook her head and sighed. "So naive."

"I'm not," Solie said, her mouth rigid. "And take back what you said about Ransom. He's nothing at all like that."

Kyra shrugged. "I know you like him, Sol, and I don't want to spoil it for you but you've known him how long? Six months? And you still can't tell me how he's able to afford all these fancy restaurants? Give me his last name, Solie. Let me check him out."

Solie gave a hiss of frustration. "I told you already, from the time we started dating. His name is Ransom Kent."

"You told me that? I must be getting old." Then, looking like her brain was going a mile a minute she repeated the name, rolling it off her tongue. "Ransom Kent. Cool name. Sounds sort of familiar. Ransom..." Then suddenly she stopped. As she peered down I-95 she bit her lip. When she spoke again she was frowning. "Somehow that name rings a bell. Ransom Kent. And he's in construction?"

"Yes. Why? Is something wrong with that?" Solie frowned. If Kyra was going to knock Ransom for being a blue-collar worker she'd kill her. "What do you have against-"

"Oh, my God. Oh. My. God." Kyra was staring straight ahead, her fingers clutching the steering wheel.

Solie jerked forward. "What? What's the matter?"

"Ransom Kent. That name." She slapped the steering wheel with her hand. "I knew I'd heard it before. How could I have been so dumb?"

"What are you talking about?" Solie glared at her friend. Kyra could act crazy sometimes but this time she was past weird.

"You said construction and you said Ransom Kent. There's this big shot guy who was featured in the Chamber of Commerce newsletter. He owns a billion-dollar construction business and his name, for your information, is Ransom Kent."

Solie's frown deepened. "Since when do you read the Chamber of Commerce newsletter?"

Kyra shook her head. "That's beside the point. Don't you see? The guy you're dating is a billionaire."

Solie could only laugh. Kyra and her insane ideas. "Please. Ransom lives next door to me in an ordinary house in an ordinary neighborhood and he drives an ordinary car. If there's a billionaire whose name is Ransom Kent it's not this one."

"Wanna bet?" Kyra glanced at her, looking for all the world like the cat that swallowed the yellow canary. "How much are you betting?"

"A hundred dollars. And you'd better get ready to pay up because you're gonna lose." Solie smiled as she thought about this wonderful turn of events. "I know exactly what I'm going to do with that hundred dollars. Remember those blue suede pumps we saw at Macys?"

"Don't start making plans just yet, honey child." Kyra gave her a smirk. "You're going to see the man tonight. Ask him."

Solie chuckled. "He's going to laugh himself under the table. I can just see it now."

"Fine," Kyra said with a shrug. "But tomorrow morning first thing you report to me."

"Deal." Brimming with confidence, Solie grinned at her. "Just make sure you have my money ready."

***

"You look stunning in red." For a moment Ransom could do nothing but stare at Solie, so elegant and poised as she stood in her doorway, so sleek and sexy in a dress that hugged her curves in all the right places.

"Why, thank you, sir." She gave him the sweetest of smiles then she took his hand and walked with him to the car.

It was hard to believe that he'd known this woman all of six months yet every time he saw her she made his heart pick up pace. She grew more and more lovely with each passing day. God bless the day she'd barged her way into his life.

For more reasons than one...

It wasn't just that she was beautiful. The whole world could see that. The fact was, Solie had become such an important part of his life that he could not imagine being without her.

They'd been out together to so many places - restaurants, the movies, the beach. They'd even gone grocery shopping together, occasions which were, to him, the most meaningful of all. More than that, they'd shared intimate moments, moments when he'd been able to hold her close and show her how much she meant to him.

But now that wasn't enough. At least not for him. Now it was time to take things to a whole new level, which was why he'd asked her out.

They soon got to Barton G. where the maitre d' escorted them to a private lounge. The food, as expected, was excellent but Ransom was too distracted to fully appreciate the scrumptious fare. Tonight his entire focus was on the woman who sat across from him, the soft light from the candles making her cheeks glow, her lips glisten and her eyes sparkle. She was so goddamn beautiful.

The meal over, Ransom reached for her hand. "Solie," he said as he gazed into her eyes, "there's something I need to ask you. Something really important."

She gave him a soft smile and squeezed his fingers. "What do you want to ask me?" Then she raised an eyebrow and her smile turned crooked. "Hey, wait. There's something I need to ask you, too."

Now it was his turn to raise his eyebrows. "You do? Okay, ask away."

"You're going to think this is so crazy," she said, shaking her head as she grinned at him, "but I mentioned your name to Kyra. You know my friend from work? I told you about her."

"Yes," he said, nodding. "You mentioned her a few times."

"Well, when she heard your last name she came up with this crazy idea that you're Ransom Kent, the billionaire construction tycoon. Can you believe it?" Solie's grin spilled over into a laugh. "Kyra's got an imagination that would put Walt Disney to shame." Her body shook with laughter and she pulled her hand away to lift her napkin and dab at her eyes. "Poor girl, she even made a bet on it. Right now she owes me a hundred bucks."

Ransom drew in his breath and sat back in his chair. Shit. He'd meant to tell her about that but the time just never seemed to be right. Now everything was out in the open and he hadn't been the one to tell her. How would she react when he confirmed her friend's suspicion? She'd been known to fly off the handle for far less. Well, there was nothing to do now but spill the beans.

He grimaced then sighed. "Sorry, Solie, but you're the one who'll have to pay up."

That got him an even bigger burst of laughter. "You're just as bad as she is. You're having fun with this, aren't you?" Her laughter died to a chuckle as she shook her head. "You have a sense of humor, I'll give you that."

Ransom tightened his lips. How to break this to her without embarrassing the heck out of her? When he spoke his voice was low but firm. "I'm serious, Solie. I'm the Ransom Kent your friend thinks I am."

The smile froze on Solie's face. For a full five seconds she just stared at him then the smile faded from her lips. In quick succession her brow furrowed and confusion filled her eyes. "You're serious."

Again, he grimaced, not enjoying this, then he nodded. "I'm serious."

Solie's face fell. "But...how could this be? I...you're a construction worker. I see you head off to work almost every day in your hard hat and vest. It doesn't make any sense."

Ransom sat forward and reached for her hand but she pulled it away. "I'm sorry, Solie. I didn't mean to mislead you. I was going to tell you. I just didn't think it was that important."

"Not important?" Her brows shot up then fell right back down as she glared at him. "How could it not be important? You lied to me." She shook her head. "I don't even know who you are."

"But you do, Solie. The guy you see going to work, that's the real me. That's who I am." Ransom struggled to find the right words. How could he make her understand? "I may have some money now but I'm no different from the guy who started out in a humble farmhouse in Iowa."

"Have some money? You're a friggin' billionaire."

"And so what? What the hell's the difference? I can't be with you because I've got money?" Realizing he was raising his voice, Ransom shut up. He drew in his breath then let it out slowly, trying to calm his nerves. The evening was not going as he'd planned. "Listen," he said, forcing himself to stay calm, "can we just forget about all that and focus on us?" He reached out to take her hand again. "Only on us. Okay?"

For just a second Solie hesitated but then the tension in her shoulders relaxed and the worry on her face gave way to a half smile. "I still don't know if I should believe you. You and Kyra probably linked up to prank me, but if what you're saying has an ounce of truth to it, you know what the worst part is?"

Relieved she was smiling again, Ransom smiled back and shrugged. "What?"

"I've got to pay Kyra a hundred dollars." And with that, Solie gave a dramatic groan.

Ransom could only laugh. Thank God she had a sense of humor.

His fingers tightened around hers. "Now that we've put that behind us I'd like to get back to my question."

"Oh, yeah. Right. I cut you off, didn't I?" She gave him an apologetic smile. "Sorry. What did you want to ask me?"

Ransom wanted to do this right. He was even contemplating going down on one knee but after the near-disaster that had just been averted the sensible plan of action might be to just get it out.

"Solie," he said, "I want you to look me in the eyes." When he was satisfied he had one hundred percent of her attention he began. "I think you know how important you are to me."

"I do?" Her eyes widened, full of wonder, as she spoke in a breathless whisper.

Ransom frowned. "You should. How many times have I said..." He paused, his voice trailing off into nothingness. Dammit. He'd never said it. He'd been loving this woman all this time and never once had he come out and said so.

Time to get his act together. He'd messed up and now he had to make good. Real good.

Ransom got up and walked around the table to take Solie by the hands. Still looking bemused she got up and stood before him, her fingers trembling as she held his hand.

Ransom gave her a reassuring smile but when he spoke his voice was solemn. "Solie, I want you to know that I love you, more than you could ever know. I don't want to live a day without you in my life." He folded her hands in his and pressed their clasped hands to his heart. "Soledad Felix, will you be my wife?"

Solie gasped and when her eyes met his they were wide and shimmering. "I'm sorry," she said on a hiccup. "Did you...just ask me to marry you?"

Ransom released her but only to cup her face in his hands. "I did, my sweetheart. I know this is sudden but I want you to be with me forever. I can't be happy until I know you're mine. I love you, Solie. Will you accept me as your husband?"

Solie bit her lip. She shook her head. She sniffed then grimaced then her lips began to tremble. And then, looking like the words were trapped in her throat, she nodded. "Yes," she croaked. "I'll marry you. I love you, Ransom Kent."

"My darling." Ransom drew her into his arms and then he kissed her and with his kiss he told her all that he hadn't said before. He loved her with all of his heart and from here on she would have no doubt about that. When Ransom finally withdrew he found he had to turn away for a quick second. There was a sudden pricking in the corner of his left eye, forcing him to blink.

Solie took his arm, pulling on it till he turned back to face her. Her brows were knitted but there was a huge grin on her face. "Are you crying?"

"Who, me? Naah. Men aren't sappy like that." But then he spoiled it when he sniffed.

Accepting defeat, he reached for her and pulled her back into his arms. "You got me, kid. I'm going soft, but only for you."

He was hugging her close when he felt the vibration in his trouser pocket. "Shoot. I thought I turned that off."

He released Solie then dug the phone out of his pocket and glanced at the screen. An unknown number. Never one to ignore a call just in case of emergency, Ransom tapped the answer button and put the phone to his ear. "Ransom here."

"This is Raul. Let me speak to Soledad." It was the harsh, thickly accented voice of a man.

Shocked, Ransom didn't even challenge the request. He handed the phone to Soledad. "It's for you," he said. "Raul."

Solie gasped and her eyes grew huge in her face. Her hand that was holding the phone began to tremble. She stared at the device like it was a live grenade.

What the devil was going on?

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

"H...hello?" Solie's voice shook as she spoke into the phone, her face flushed and her chest heaving in her agitation. "Raul?"

She listened for a few seconds and then her face grew an even deeper shade of red. "No, I can't do that," she said. "I-" She stopped abruptly like the man had cut her off.

Something was definitely wrong. Ransom put out his hand. "Give me the phone," he said. "Let me talk to this guy. Is he harassing you?"

"No, I..." Solie looked distressed but she shook her head and actually moved away, far enough where he couldn't hear. Her back turned to him, he could see her shake her head again and her shoulders went rigid but she obviously didn't want him to be a part of her conversation.

A minute later she hung up then turned to him, a look of regret in her eyes. And there was something else. Was it fear?

She came back to stand in front of him. Looking nervous she lifted the phone in her hand. "I'm sorry," she said softly then waited for him to take the phone.

Ransom stared at her for a few seconds longer before he lifted the phone from her palm. He looked at the offending device in his hand then slowly slid it back into his pocket.

When he looked back at her he was frowning. "What was that all about?" he asked. "And who the blazes is Raul?"

"He's...um...someone I knew back in Panama."

Solie was stuttering. He could see she was lying through her teeth. She was looking him right in the face and telling him a friggin' lie.

Ransom felt the bile rise in his throat. What the hell was she hiding? "How did he get my number? Did you give it to him?"

"I...I don't know how he got it. I never gave him your phone number. I never gave anyone-"

"Then who is Raul? Tell me, dammit."

"I'll tell you, Ransom. I will. But...not now."

There was that fear in her eyes again and Ransom would do anything to find out what had put it there.

"It's nothing, okay? Just trust me."

Ransom almost laughed. How could he trust Solie when she'd been so quick to lie to his face? And this was the woman he'd just ask to marry him.

"Can you take me home, please? I'm tired. I just need to go to bed." Shoulders sagging, she reached for her purse.

Ransom's lips tightened but he nodded. All of a sudden he didn't mind this early end to the night.

Right now he could do with some alone time. He had a lot to think about.

***

When Ransom dropped Solie at home she couldn't get inside the house fast enough. She had to get away, to be alone for a while so she could think.

She said her goodbye and although she noticed he didn't even try to kiss her she didn't dwell on it. After what had happened tonight who could blame him?

When she closed the door behind her she leaned her back against it, needing to catch her breath. Finally, when her heart slowed to a manageable pace she pushed away from the door and headed for her bedroom.

After a quick shower Solie climbed into bed but only to toss and turn as she thought about what Raul had said. Months ago she'd threatened him and when he disappeared she'd thought she'd rid herself of him for good. But not anymore. Raul had gone into hibernation but now he was back with a vengeance. He wanted her back.

The ringing phone startled Solie out of her rumination. She grabbed it up quickly. Maybe Ransom was calling to check on her. But when she saw it was an unknown number her heart went still. She didn't need to answer the phone to know it was Raul.

For a second she contemplated not answering but she knew she couldn't avoid it. How else would she find out what he was up to?

She put the phone to her ear. "Yes." Her voice cold, she held her breath as she waited for her tormentor to speak.

"Aaw, mi amor, is that the way you greet your long lost love? You've been missing me, no?"

Solie's nostrils flared as she sucked in her breath. "Why are you calling me, Raul? And how did you get Ransom's number?"

"Aah, you finally tell me his name." The man chuckled in amusement. "You didn't think I would find out, did you, novia?"

"How did you get his number?" Solie sat upright in the bed, her voice rising with each word. "Tell me."

"And spoil the mystery? That would spoil the fun, nina." His chuckle turned into an outright laugh. "Oh, it was so good to break into your little tete-a-tete. You looked so starry-eyed. What did he do? Ask you to marry him?"

Solie gasped and almost leaped out of the bed. "What do you know about that? Where were you? Were you watching us?"

Again, he tsked at her. "That's for me to know and you to find out, sweetheart. Now listen." Raul's voice suddenly turned cold. "Like I told you earlier, I don't want you seeing that guy anymore. If you don't want him to get hurt you stay the hell away from him. You're mine, do you hear me?"

Solie didn't answer. Each time he said the words, threatening to hurt the man she loved, it was like her blood froze in her veins. She didn't know what she'd do if Ransom came to any harm.

Raul's voice broke into her thoughts. "There's something very important I have to tell you. Something to do with that little friend of yours."

"Ransom? What do you have to tell me about him?"

Raul laughed and it was a harsh and unforgiving sound. "If you want to find out there's only one thing you can do. Tomorrow night you're going out on a date with me."

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Solie sat in front of the mirror, her face a study in worry. Within an hour she was supposed to be meeting with Raul at Timpano and she didn't know what to do.

She hated the idea of coming anywhere near the man, and having to sit at a table across from him? The thought made her shudder.

But what else could she do? She had to know what was up his sleeve. He'd said he had important information, something to do with Ransom. No matter if she was putting herself at risk she had to find out what it was.

She'd contemplated taking another recording device but this time, she was sure, he would check her when she got to the restaurant. Still, if she could manage it without tipping him off, she would use her cell phone.

That plan turned out to be fruitless. As soon as she sat down at the table Raul reached over and picked up her purse then, to her annoyance, he emptied its contents right there on the table. Covering the cell phone with his hand he drew it to him. "I'll hold on to this," he said. "You can have it back after dinner."

Solie glared at him but he smiled back, unfazed. With a hiss of annoyance she gathered up her lip-gloss, tissues, keys and pen and stuffed them back into the purse. "What did you have to say to me?" she snarled. "Get on with it so I can leave."

"My darling, I'm hurt." He gave her a mocking grin. "You're not looking forward to spending the evening with me?" Then he shook his head. "We aren't going to talk about it until we have dinner. Just relax and enjoy your meal. We'll talk business later."

The next hour was sheer torture for Solie. In between bits of food Raul spent the time engaging in idle chit-chat, which nearly drove her up the wall. She felt like wrapping her fingers around his neck and squeezing till he begged for mercy. Instead, she gritted her teeth and gave angry mumbles in response to his attempts at conversation, her feet tapping impatiently on the floor as she waited for him to divulge the secret he'd used to lure her out on this date.

When the server finally cleared the dessert things Solie looked at Raul expectantly. When he ignored her she cleared her throat. "Well?"

He raised his eyebrows then, in no hurry at all, he took a sip of his coffee. "Well what?"

Solie could have slapped the smugness right off his face. "You told me we'd talk business after dinner. It's now after dinner, so talk."

He smiled. "So anxious. Worried about your little boyfriend?"

She didn't answer. She just glared at him, willing him to speak.

It must have finally dawned on Raul that she was not amused because his self-satisfied grin faded and his lips tightened. He leaned forward and when he spoke his tone was cold and his eyes even colder. "I know who Ransom Kent is. He may be trying to hide, mingling with the common folk like he's not loaded, but he can't hide. He's the low-profile type who's good at keeping his identity secret but I did some checking around. He can't hide from me."

That made Solie's frown deepen. "So what if you know who he is? He's got nothing to hide."

"Maybe not, but that could change...real fast."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Solie held her breath. Was this man planning to do something crazy?

"It means," he said, his voice seductively soft, "it would be so easy to soil his good name. So easy." His eyes took on the seductive charm of a snake. "Especially if his name is linked to a drug mule from Latin America."

Solie sucked in her breath. "My God. Not even you would be so evil..."

"Oh, mi amor, it is so easy. It is tempting...very tempting. Lie or not, the media would pounce on that rumor and then ask questions much, much later. But you can prevent all that from happening. You can agree never to see him again." He smiled. "And then we can pick up where we left off."

That was it. Solie shot up from her chair and grabbed her purse off the table. "You know what? You're crazy. Totally insane. I don't have to sit here and listen to this. I'm going to do what I should have done a long time ago. I'm going to the police."

And with that she whirled around and marched right out of there, not caring who heard or who saw her dramatic exit.

She jumped into her car and sped out of the parking lot and when she pulled into her driveway she was still shaking with anger. The nerve of that beast. Did he think it was that easy to blackmail her?

Now she could see that his threat to Ransom was not physical. Thank God for that. But he wanted to hurt him in another way. He wanted to use her to make Ransom look bad. Damned if she would let that happen. First thing in the morning she was going to the police.

Her mind made up, Solie got out of the car and headed for the front door. As she fished in her purse for her front door key she was deep in thought, wondering if she should talk to Ransom before making her report.

"Forgot something?"

Solie jumped and looked up. There, at the foot of the steps, stood Raul.

"You followed me." It was a half gasp, half accusation.

"No," he said as he started to climb the steps, "I was simply returning something you forgot." He held out his hand and on his palm sat her cell phone.

Solie reached out to snatch it away but he quickly pulled it back. "Not so fast, mi amor. You owe me something, too. You forgot to give me a proper goodbye."

And before she could move Raul was at the top of the steps and by her side. His hands shot out and he turned her to him and before she could flee he locked his arms around her.

Solie tried to struggle but he was holding her so tight all she could do was wriggle. She lifted her face to glare up at him. "You let me go right now, you-"

Raul cut her off, capturing her lips with his, cutting off her air as he plundered her mouth.

Solie wanted to scream. She wanted to fight but, trapped against his body, his big hand holding her head immobile, there was nothing she could do but suffer the indignity of kissing a snake. And, like she knew it would, that kiss left her cold.

When Raul finally released her the haughty smile was back on his face. "Brought back some good memories, didn't it?"

Disgusted by the kiss, Solie stumbled back against the door. That only made him smile wider. He plucked the key from her lifeless fingers, inserted it into the lock then pushed the door open, almost making her fall.

"I always knew I was a good kisser," he said. "I just didn't know I was this good."

His words shocked Solie out of her trance. She grabbed the key from him and then the cell phone. She backed inside, intent on slamming the door in his face, but he didn't allow her the pleasure.

Grasping the knob he stole yet another kiss, this time a quick peck to her cheek, then pulled the door closed before she'd even regained her balance.

As soon as Solie righted herself she marched straight to the bathroom. She had to get the feel of that man off her.

How she'd ever fallen in love with a man like him she would never know.

***

Ransom felt the dagger of betrayal sink deep into his heart. So she'd told him to trust her, had she? And now, not even a day later, she was wrapped in the arms of another man.

Goddamn. How could he have been so stupid? He'd seen the lights of Solie's car as she pulled into the driveway and, fool that he was, he'd immediately left his yard and headed over to her place, eager to make things up with her. He'd decided to do just what she'd asked. He would trust her.

He was walking up her driveway when he realized that she wasn't alone. There in the shadows on the porch beside her was a man, a pretty big guy, and he was kissing Solie like he owned her.

Ransom stopped in his tracks and so did his heart. He couldn't believe this was the woman he'd proposed to just the night before.

He felt like tearing up the driveway and ripping them apart. But no, he wouldn't make himself more of a fool than he already was. Fists clenched at his sides he backed away, out of her yard and out of her life. For good.

When he got back to his house he slammed the door shut behind him, startling King Tut who dashed away, barking through the house. He was heading for the kitchen, intent on pouring himself a stiff drink, when his cell phone began to ring. He ignored it. The last thing he wanted right then was conversation. Whoever it was would just have to wait.

He'd just downed a shot of vodka when the phone began to buzz again. Annoyed, he shook his head then reached for the bottle and refilled his glass. Tonight all he wanted to do was get drunk. He got a second then a third shot down but within thirty seconds after that the phone was ringing again and this time he dragged it out of his pocket ready to bellow into the ear of whoever dared disturb him while he was wallowing in his misery.

And then he saw who it was. Solie.

For the second time that night his heart stilled. Solie was on the phone and the sight of the name on the screen was enough to make him want to dash the half empty liquor bottle against the wall. What was she trying to do? Drive him crazy?

He tapped on the screen. "What? Calling to rub it in?" His voice was a snarl but he wouldn't apologize for it. The girl had some nerve calling him after what she'd just done. Come to think of it, after what she'd been doing all along. She was a liar and a cheat. That much was obvious.

"Ransom? Are you okay? What are you talking about?" Consummate actress that she was, she actually sounded confused.

"I'm talking about the fact that you're a goddamn liar, that's what I'm talking about. You've been cheating on me the whole time. Christ, you didn't even have the decency to take it inside."

Ransom heard her sharp intake of breath and then she went silent.

"Oh, so now you don't need to ask what I'm talking about. Didn't you think I would see you? You were on the front porch, for God's sake."

"Ransom, it's not what you think. You don't understand." She'd found her voice and now she was sounding desperate.

That made him laugh and the sound was bitter even to his own ears. "The man had his tongue rammed down your throat. What's not to understand about that?"

"I never wanted him to do that. He took me by surprise."

"Yeah, and I'm really Santa Claus moonlighting in Florida."

"Ransom, you have to listen to me. You have to believe me. I've got proof."

He gave a snort. "Tell that to the girl scouts next time they come knocking on your door."

Solie gave a shriek that almost burst his eardrum. "Will you listen to me? I'm innocent and I can prove it. I'm coming over."

Before he could answer, the phone went dead in his hand. Slowly, his head feeling like it was cracking open, Ransom lowered the phone to the kitchen counter. Downing three shots of vodka on an empty stomach hadn't been one of his most brilliant moves.

Ransom slumped onto the stool, rested his elbows on the island's ceramic top and dropped his face in his hands. On top of his headache Solie had talked about giving him an explanation. He didn't want to hear it. There was nothing she could say to make things right.

He was still mulling over that thought when he heard the front door open and footsteps marching down the hallway. That was what he got for giving her a key to his home. She could barge in any time she wanted, including now when he just wanted to be alone.

"Ransom Kent, I have something to tell you and you're going to listen." She'd started talking before she'd even rounded the corner. She burst into the kitchen then pulled up short. He could hear her come to a screeching halt.

"Ransom. What...have you been drinking?"

He didn't lift his head from his hands. "What do you think?" he groaned.

"But you don't drink. You know it gives you terrible headaches." She came over and rested a hand on his shoulder.

He knew he should shrug it off but it felt good to have it there. He didn't look up, just continued to sit with his head down, saying nothing.

Solie heaved a sigh and withdrew her hand then went to sit on the stool beside him.

He heard the clatter of something she'd dropped on the counter. It made him look up for the first time since she'd come into the room.

"Listen," she said and pressed the button on the digital recorder.

Immediately, Ransom heard the rough voice of Raul and he and Solie were in heated conversation, with Solie demanding to know why he'd barged into her home and why he'd been threatening her.

She let it run for a minute longer and then she snapped it off. She looked at him, her face devoid of emotion. "He's my ex," she said, her voice leaden. "I found him in bed with another woman. I ended the relationship over a year before I met you. Then all of a sudden he shows up on my doorstep, demanding that I take him back." She shook her head. "The man is crazy." Then she looked over at Ransom and that was when he saw that the fire was back in her eyes. "I could kick myself. I had this proof and I threatened him with it. I told him if he didn't leave me alone I was going to the police." Her lips tightened then she dropped her eyes. "I didn't."

"Because you still have feelings for him." Ransom's heart tightened as he stared at her.

"Are you mad? Why would I have feelings for him? It's you I love." She was glaring at him like he'd said the stupidest thing in the world.

"So what was that all about? Tonight on your doorstep?" Ransom never took his eyes off her face. He had to see if this time she would tell him the truth.

To his surprise she didn't drop her eyes. She didn't turn nervously away. Instead, she reached out and took his hand. "I love you, Ransom, more than I've loved any man in this world. And that's why I hope you'll believe me when I say that what you saw looked terrible but it was not of my doing." She squeezed his hand. "Raul made a threat against you and the only way I could find out what he was up to was to go out with him. In the end I found out it wasn't a physical threat. He wanted to use me to mess up your reputation. He threatened to spread rumors that I was transporting drugs from Latin America. Because of our relationship that would have implicated you." She shook her head. "When he said that, I knew it was time to go to the police. I got out of there real fast."

"But then you ended up kissing him."

"No, I didn't. He kissed me. I didn't know it but he followed me from the restaurant and grabbed me on my front porch. He forced himself on me. That's the truth, Ransom. I'm not lying." She stared at him with earnest eyes and Ransom knew that what she said was true. He could see it in her direct, unwavering gaze. He could feel it in the strength of her fingers squeezing his.

He drew in his breath then expelled it in a whoosh. All of a sudden his headache was gone. "Then there's just one thing we need to do right now."

"Go to the police?"

He nodded then slid off his stool, pulling her with him. "Let's go stomp that cockroach into oblivion."

CHAPTER TWENTY

"Talk about a man crying like a baby. That's how it usually goes with bullies. All bravado and no backbone." Solie was cracking up as she described the blubbering mess that was Raul when the police took him in for questioning.

"So how'd you get him to come back?" Kyra asked, in between guffaws.

"Oh, he was more than willing to come to my house. I just promised him I'd have a surprise for him." She chuckled. "This was after I told him his kiss stole my breath away."

Dominic frowned. "But why invite him back to your place? I thought you wanted to avoid the man."

"Weren't you listening?" Kyra scowled at him.

"Shh. Leave him alone." Solie gave Dominic a patient smile. "It was the police who came up with that plan. They knew it would be hard to track Raul down so they decided to make things a whole lot easier by bringing him to us."

Dominic cocked an eyebrow. "Makes sense."

"Of course it did. What did you expect?" The look Kyra gave him said he was way too slow.

Solie smiled and shook her head. Poor Dominic. "Anyway, guys, I've got to go. Ransom's picking me up in an hour. He's taking me to pick out my engagement ring."

"Woohoo. You go, girl." Kyra put her hand up for a high five and Dominic, not to be outdone, hopped up from his chair and leaned over the reception counter to do the same.

Solie was in high spirits when Ransom pulled into her driveway. She hopped into his car and leaned over to kiss him on the lips.

"You look delicious today." He smiled as his eyes roamed over her, taking in the frilly white blouse that fell off one shoulder and the hip-hugging navy blue skirt with the cute slit just above her knee.

"Aah," she said, dropping her gaze and playing bashful, "I bet you say that to all the girls."

He laughed then put the car in drive and headed out for downtown Miami. A half hour later they were in Freddy's Jewelry and Solie was gazing, wide-eyed, at diamond rings in a variety of shapes and sizes.

"They're so beautiful," she whispered reverently. "I've never owned a real diamond before."

Ransom laughed. "I'm only too happy to remedy that. Which one do you like?"

She drew in her breath and let it out in a frustrated sigh. "I don't know. They're all so...sparkly. You choose."

Ransom gave her an indulgent smile. "What about this heart-shaped one?" Then he shook his head. "Too big for your slender finger." Then he pointed to a marquise one glittering on its bed of black velvet. "Perfect."

"Excellent choice," the associate said as he drew the ring from its secure chamber so Solie could try it on. Of course he would say that. She could imagine the hefty commission he'd be collecting since the ring Ransom had selected looked like it was the most expensive one in the store.

And it was indeed perfect. When Ransom slid it onto her finger it fit so perfectly that she wondered if he'd had it custom-made. She gave him a suspicious glance. She would not put it past him. He could be devious sometimes but always in a good way.

Solie smiled, her eyes filling with sudden tears. It was really happening. She was one step closer to marrying Ransom Kent.

And then, as if it wasn't bad enough that she was having a sudden attack of emotion, Ransom went and did the unexpected.

Right there in front of the store manager, the associates and all the shoppers milling around Ransom went down on one knee, took her hand then gazed up into her eyes.

"Now that there's nothing hanging over your head I want to ask you one more time, Solie Felix." He lifted the hand that now wore his engagement ring and kissed it before looking back at her. "Will you marry me?"

Okay, so he was determined to reduce her to a blubbering mess. Her face crumpled as she stared down at him. "Yes," she said, her voice breaking as she began to cry. "Ask me a million times and my answer will always be yes."

And as their spectators burst into wild applause Ransom rose to his feet, pulled Solie into his arms and gave her a kiss that sealed her fate forever.

From this day forward she would be none other's but Ransom Kent's.

EPILOGUE

"Gimme an R."

"R."

"Gimme an A."

"A."

Solie grinned as Trevor hopped back and forth, leading the cheer for Ransom. He'd already done Solie's name so this was the second round.

"Gimme an N."

"Ay, nina, you have made me a proud madre." Ignoring the cheers, Niurka pulled her daughter over to the rose bushes a little distance away from the celebration. "I knew that one day you would find a good man."

"Gracias, Mamita." Solie squeezed her mother's hand. "He is good. And the rest of his family, they're really nice. They all welcomed me." Solie smiled as her gaze drifted over to where Ransom's brothers Rafe, Ridge and Ryder stood around him, laughing and shouting just as loud as anyone else.

"I was talking with the mother and she's a wonderful woman. No airs, no nothing. When she saw me she gave me a big hug." Niurka's eyes were wide like she was still in shock that she'd been so warmly received.

"That's how they all are," Solie said, happy that her mother was happy. "Now let's get back to the party before they hunt us down." She shooed her mother back to where her sisters lounged in wicker chairs on the back patio.

It was a lovely spring evening, perfect for the engagement party Ransom had organized in his own backyard. Just like they'd done for New Year's Eve they kept it simple, ignoring all suggestions for a grand affair. Instead, they invited family and close friends to a gathering in the back yard.

"I've got the gazebo," Ransom said. "Why not make full use of it?"

And so they did. And, as far as Solie was concerned, it was the best engagement party a girl could ever have.

"Where's my wife-to-be?"

Solie snapped out of her reverie when Ransom's voice boomed over the whoops and calls.

"I'm right here." She waved her hand then ran over to stand by his side.

"Two of Solie's good friends just told me they have a special surprise for her."

At Ransom's words Solie gave him a quizzical look then her gaze flew to where Kyra and Dominic stood by the backyard pond, grinning and waving.

Solie frowned. The fact that those two were involved was more than enough cause for worry.

She turned back to Ransom. "What surprise?"

"Your friends wanted to take the occasion to tell you that you've become their inspiration. They have an announcement to make."

Solie whipped back round to glare at Kyra and Dominic who were walking toward her. What kind of announcement were they going to make now? If they were planning to reveal any of her embarrassing moments from work she would kill them.

In three seconds they were standing in front of her and that was when she saw that Kyra had tears in her eyes.

"Solie, thank you for being so brave and fighting for the love of your life. I will always be grateful to you for showing me what a difference love can make." Kyra reached out and took Solie's hand. "All this time I've had someone trying to get close and all this time I've put up a fight. But not anymore."

She reached out with her other hand and clasped Dominic's hand with her own, her lips curling in a tremulous smile as she turned to gaze up at him. "It's time we tell her, don't you think, honey?" Then she turned her happy face back to Solie. "Dominic asked me to marry him and I said yes."

Solie gasped, her eyes wide, as she stared open-mouthed at one then the other. "Are you serious? Is this a joke?" She wouldn't put anything past these two trouble-makers, especially Kyra.

Dominic laughed. "No, Solie, it's all true. I've been pursuing this girl for ages and she's finally made me the happiest man in the world. And it's all because of you. Thank you." And then he leaned forward and on her forehead he gave her a gentle kiss of gratitude.

And that was when the back yard erupted in whoops and cheers...and if there was a grumpy neighbor who couldn't deal with a whole lot of noise coming from next door, Ransom would soon have a bulldog jumping onto a rock, peering over the hedge and shouting to him to keep it down.

Luckily, that neighbor was already in his back yard and was even a part of the commotion. There would be no complaints today.

THE END

