PROLOGUE

"It's raining so hard. Can you see?" The girl's frightened voice echoed inside the car which was shut tight to shield them from the driving torrent. She shivered. "And it's so dark."

"It's all right, honey. Just stay calm. We'll be there soon. I promise." The man's voice was steady, a whole lot calmer than hers, but there was a tension in it that said he was far from relaxed. The tight set of his jaw and his deep intake of breath made it clear that he, too, was on edge.

But he was trying to hide it from the girl, doing his best to reassure her, and when she let out her breath on a sigh and sank back into her seat he knew he'd succeeded. Thank God for that. Now he could focus on what needed to be done.

He tightened his lips and narrowed his eyes, peering through the sheets of rain ripping through the English countryside. It didn't help that the night was pitch-black, a solid wall of darkness lightened only by intermittent flashes of lightning. Of all the nights for a thunderstorm to hit, it had to be this one.

He glanced in the rearview mirror. No lights, no signs of life, which meant no-one was following them. Not yet, anyway. He was tempted to breathe a little easier but he couldn't, not until he'd deposited his precious cargo safely to her destination. And they had not a moment to lose.

He glanced at the clock on the dashboard. Jeez. Eighteen minutes gone already and it felt like they'd just left the house. Almost twenty more miles to go in this hellish downpour. But rainstorm or not, they had to speed up. He pressed down on the gas pedal, sending the Aston Martin shooting through the blinding sheet of precipitation.

The car shot around the bend and that was when he saw it. A mass of white speckles in the middle of the road.

He slammed on the brake, tires screaming, but the water flowing on the paved surface made the car plane and slide straight toward the massive black and white cow. He swung it around, narrowly missing the animal which hadn't even had time to react.

And then the car went sailing, flying off the road, and then it was sliding down the grassy bank, picking up speed as it slid toward the woods, heading straight for a massive tree.

The car slammed into the trunk. The girl screamed.

Then everything went black.

CHAPTER ONE

"Move it along, move it!" The show director's voice rose with every word and the muscles in his neck began to bulge.

Golden's eyes widened. If the man didn't calm down he was going to burst a blood vessel right there backstage. She was sure of it.

"I said, move!" The man stepped closer, shouting right in her face, making her jump back in fright. He reached out and grasped her upper arm. "Get out of these clothes, girl. Evening wear's up next. Move it!" The last two words weren't shouted. They were screamed at the shocked girl.

"B...but I'm not..."

That was as far as she got. The man, big and muscled and strong, shoved her into an area sectioned off with heavy purple drapes and as soon as she stumbled in she was grabbed by two women who began to unzip her skirt and unbutton her blouse, moving swiftly and mechanically like two robots whose sole function was to strip her bare.

"I'm not one of the models," Golden gasped. "I'm here to be a dresser, like you. Ms. Townsend told me to come."

"Step out of those shoes, luv." The dark-haired woman kneeling before her seemed not to have heard her. She was pulling the shoes off Golden's feet and pulling her skirt down her legs, both at the same time.

"Wait." Golden tried to grab at her disappearing skirt but too late. Within a fraction of a second it was bundled around her ankles and the woman was lifting her left foot to drag it away. By the time she recovered from that shock enough to pay attention to the other woman her blouse was gone and so was her bra. The woman had already dropped a shimmering gold sheath over her head and was busy pulling it down Golden's body.

"Stop," the captive yelled, her voice muffled by the dress. "Enough. I am not a model. I'm not part of the show."

"What's going on back there?" It was the show director again and this time his shouts had graduated to a certified bellow.

"She won't go on," robot number one yelled from where she was kneeling on the floor, holding a pair of gold slippers. "Says she's not a model."

"Well, she is now," he yelled back. "Looks like we're one girl short so we'll have to use her. You have one minute. Get cracking."

"Boss says you're in," robot number one said and proceeded to lift Golden's feet and slap the way-too-big slippers on.

Meanwhile, robot number two was making quick swipes at her copper blonde hair.

"But I don't know how..."

They cut her off again when they threw her into a nearby chair and a third robot who Golden hadn't even noticed before tilted her head back and swiftly applied make-up, eye shadow, blush, eyeliner and lipstick, all in the space of thirty seconds or less.

Then they hauled her up and hustled her toward the curtain where a line of similarly decked-out models awaited.

"What do I do?" Golden wailed, her heart pounding like a drum on steroids. She'd never in her life been on a stage and she'd never done anything without careful planning. And now she would have to do both - firsts for her - and she was scared out of her wits.

"Just follow the other girls," robot number one said, giving her a little shove, "and smile." And that was the extent of Golden's training to be a runway model during Fashion Week in London for the launch of the Davidoff Fall Collection.

The music began, the lights flashed and with flair and fanfare the master of ceremonies called the models onto the stage. To the beat of African drums the line of girls began to walk out from behind the curtains, Golden bringing up the rear. She glanced behind her, desperately seeking a means of escape, but the manager's eagle eyes were on her. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.

Golden's eyes flew to the back of the girl ahead of her. Eyes glued to her forerunner she sucked in her breath, determined to copy the girl's every step. She had to do this. She'd better. She needed the money.

She'd been hired to do one job and then had been dragged on stage to do another but she knew very well that she had no say in the matter. If she wanted to get paid she'd better fit in wherever they threw her. And so, calling on all the muses of runway models and all the gods of fashion shows, she breathed a prayer and strutted onto the stage.

But on top of the fact that she had no idea what the heck she was doing Golden had one other little problem. Actually, not so little if you considered it literally. The golden slippers that the dresser had slipped onto her feet were huge, at least three or more sizes bigger than her feet.

In their haste to get her on stage no-one had bothered to check that the shoes actually fit...or maybe they didn't even care. They probably just wanted her dressed and out of there so they could move on to their next victim.

And so it was that Golden found herself in the middle of three huge dilemmas - not a model, no experience on stage, and wearing shoes that threatened to throw her flat on her face if she wasn't careful. All she could do was mumble under her breath and keep moving.

So she moved, swinging her arms like the girl in front of her was doing, her back straight, her head high...even though behind the smile plastered across her face she was whispering, "Please, God, don't let me fall. Please, God." Blinded by the bright lights and deafened by the music all she could do was step and smile and pray.

Before she realized they'd gone that far Golden found herself at the front of the stage, right in front of the clapping audience. The girls who'd been ahead of her, her shield, had all turned and were heading back toward the curtains, leaving her startled and stupefied in the middle of the stage. Good Lord, what should she do now? Do a pretty little pirouette like the girl who'd been ahead of her or just turn and hurry back the way she'd come?

Golden chose the latter. Just as the MC called for a round of applause for the Davidoff Fall Collection she turned, intent on escaping the limelight. To her horror the wretched slipper on her left foot caught in the hem of the sleek golden gown and she stumbled and began to pitch forward, arms flailing, a shriek ripping from her throat. There was a universal gasp as Golden tumbled to the platform and she felt like she would die from the shame of it all. For all she knew, the show was being televised. Hopping up from her knees, she snatched the slipper from her other foot and made an undignified dash toward the curtains, the offending slipper forgotten in the middle of the runway.

To her utter mortification the audience began to clap, whether in sympathy or to mock, she didn't know. All she knew was that she needed to get out of there and, pay or no pay, she would not be returning to that cursed stage.

The MC took the stage again, his rich bass voice booming as he invited the models back on stage for the grand finale. The girls filed past her as she ducked her head and ran in the opposite direction. To their credit, she didn't hear a single snicker or jeer as she dashed by but she didn't turn to look nor did she wait for what would come next.

Before any of the managers could grab her and chew her out for the mess she'd made of their show she would be out of there. She wasted no time in stripping off the elegant gown and throwing her clothes back on.

Then, dressed in her discount store garb she slipped out the back door, leaving the haute-couture show behind, a major production she had just succeeded in ruining. ***

Who in the blue blazes is that? From his seat at the head of the runway Reed Davidoff stared at the girl as, head down and eyes averted, she walked onto the stage, trailing behind the line of tall, willowy models. She stood out like a wild Marigold among a bevy of hothouse flowers. Well-trained and confident, they strode down the catwalk, heads high, all except for one - the girl he'd never seen before.

She was trying her best to look composed but behind the overly bright smile and the perfectly made-up face he could clearly see that inside she was pure panic. The quick rise and fall of her br**sts from her rapid breathing and the deer-in-the-headlights quality of her wide-eyed gaze said it all. Who was she, anyway? Clearly not model material.

And then the unthinkable happened. The girl got to the front of the stage, turned and tumbled onto her knees, right there in front of the audience. Reed felt his body jerk, an involuntary response to seeing her fall, but then she got up and ran for the curtains, moving so fast that all he could see was a flash of gold dress and a swathe of red-gold hair disappearing behind the curtains.

Johnny O, his master of ceremonies and ever the professional, immediately re-entered the stage and waved for music and lights and then he brought the models back to the runway to close the show with the pomp and panache that always brought the house down. And tonight more than ever Reed was grateful he had such a showman on his team because, after the way that girl almost brought the show to a halt, right now what the audience needed was a major distraction. What better way than with a finale that would put all others to shame.

And the Davidoff fashion team did not disappoint. Whatever mishap had just taken place was soon forgotten in the swirl of colors that hit the stage when the entire crew of models floated down the runway in all the glory of the Davidoff Fall Collection. And if the whoops and cheers from the audience was anything to go by, the crowd loved it. Hopefully, so would the media and the reviewers.

And maybe, if he was really lucky, no-one would remember the lone butterfly that had fumbled and fallen on stage.

But, to Reed's chagrin, there was one person in the audience who could not just dismiss the accident and move on like it never happened. That person was Reed himself.

Amidst the applause, whistles and cheers what Reed wanted to do was head for the dressing rooms to find the mystery girl who had almost turned his launch into a disaster. The only thing stopping him was that, at that very moment, he was being called on stage to stand beside his chief designer. From the way Frank Santana was grinning ear to ear it was clear that he felt they'd done it again - a successful launch and hopefully a season of superb sales to follow.

It was another fifteen minutes before Reed was able to escape to the back. He pushed through the crowd of models, some changing in the hallways, all in various stages of undress, none of them seeming the least bit perturbed that a man was striding past.

His eyes skimmed the crowd but there was no sign of the petite waif with the copper-gold hair. Frowning, he headed for the show director's office. "Where is she?"

He had to shout above the din inside the room which was so full of people he could hardly find the director in the crowd. "The girl who fell on stage. Where can I find her?"

At his words Ali Messam extricated himself from the mass of bodies surrounding him and pushed to the front of the room. "Mr. Davidoff. My humblest apologies, sir." He clasped his hands in front of his chest and gave Reed a look of deep regret. "It was my fault. One of the models suddenly fell ill and I was forced to grab whoever was available. That dress, it had to be shown. Do you not agree?"

"Yes, yes." Reed frowned, his eyes searching the room. He had no interest in the 'whys and wherefores'. He just wanted to find the girl. "Now where is she?"

Ali lifted his shoulders and shook his head. "I do not know, Mr. Davidoff. After she fell down she ran back to the dressing room and then she disappeared."

"How can I find her, then? What's her name?"

"I do not know that either." Ali lowered his brows. "But if I may say so, sir, it will make no use to find her. This girl, she has nothing. You should have seen the clothes she was wearing. What sense would it make to sue?"

Reed glared at the man who was beginning to try his patience. "What's her name, dammit? And don't tell me who I can and can't sue."

Ali jerked back, obviously surprised by Reed's aggressive tone, then he gave a curt nod. "Let me get you the list," he said and turned away. In less than a minute he was hurrying back with a clipboard on which a sheet of paper was secured. He shoved it under Reed's nose. "We hired forty-three temps for this show, some as models, some as dressers, some as make-up artists. I believe she must have been one of the dressers. Definitely not a model."

Reed's eyes skimmed the paper. "So which one is she?"

The man looked distressed. "I don't know. I just grabbed whoever was closest at that moment. I didn't ask her name. Maybe when she comes to pick up her check..."

"And when's that? A week or two down the road? Not good enough." Reed snatched the clipboard from the director's hand. "Find her and bring her to me." With that he turned and walked out of the room, leaving Ali Messam staring open-mouthed after him.

Reed strode through the milling crowd and headed back to the stage. Maybe someone in that area could tell him where she'd turned. Or maybe she hadn't even left. Could she still be there, hiding behind the heavy curtains? A stretch, he knew, but he was willing to give it a try.

When he got to the now deserted stage there was no-one to be seen. But there, lying to one side on the catwalk lay the gold slipper that the runaway model had abandoned. Someone must have kicked it to the side and out of the way.

Reed walked down the runway and bent to pick up the slipper. Now he understood. These slippers were way too big for a girl as tiny as the one he'd seen on stage. No wonder she'd stumbled in them.

He turned it over in his hand, realizing that a way-too-big abandoned slipper was of absolutely no use to him in this situation. All he had to go on was a list of names, possibly an address that he could only hope was her real one, and the hope that she'd show up in a week to collect her pay.

Reed gave a grunt and turned to leave the platform, the gold slipper still in his hand. He knew he should just let this thing go. What girl was worth all this trouble?

But as his mind went to the memory of her guileless face, the cascade of golden hair floating behind her, he knew he couldn't.

He couldn't explain it but he knew he would not stop until he'd found her.

CHAPTER TWO

Golden was almost halfway home before her heart stopped slamming against her ribs and slowed to its normal rhythm. Finally, she was beginning to breathe easier. She still couldn't believe what had just happened to her. She'd never been more humiliated in her life.

How do you get from accepting the simple job of putting clothes on models to ending up on a catwalk in front of an audience of thousands? She, who'd always been shy and reserved, suddenly pushed into the limelight - literally. If she'd only known, she would never have even shown up. But then how could she have anticipated this? It could have happened to anybody. She was just in the wrong place at the worst possible time, a time that made her the perfect target for a drive-by recruitment for the runway.

But never again. As desperate as she was for the money she was still not planning to go anywhere near that place, not even to collect the thirty-five pounds they'd said each temp would get. And, as much as she hated it, she had to admit it - she was desperate...

Since leaving sixth form and then doing a two-year diploma in business administration all she'd been able to find were odd jobs, none of which provided more than the minimum wage. She knew she was at a disadvantage, twenty years old and fast approaching twenty-one, not having entered a bachelor's degree program. She needed to get moving on her plan but how could she leave for the university of her choice when it was almost a hundred miles away? That would require her boarding on campus and that would never do. How could she leave her mother behind?

Golden gritted her teeth as she thought about it. She would just have to hang in there a little longer, maybe just one more year. She had to keep trying to convince her mother to make that big step toward independence. It was the only thing that would save them both.

By the time she drove along the gravelly road and parked in front of the country house where she lived with her mother and stepfather it was already almost ten o'clock at night. Tired and hungry she climbed out of her twelve year old Vauxhall Corsa and closed the door gently behind her. She didn't want to wake her mother and she definitely didn't want to risk the wrath of the man who now fancied himself her guardian.

As quietly as she could Golden turned the key in the lock and pushed the front door open. Typical creepy old house, the heavy mahogany door groaned as she pushed it open. Holding her breath she paused, listening for the sounds of approaching footsteps, but when all she could hear was silence she let out her breath and pushed the door all the way in.

There was a single light glowing on the entrance table. Her mother's doing, of course. It was little acts of love like these that strengthened Golden's resolve to do everything in her power to get her mother out of this prison into which she'd unwittingly trapped herself but, as much as she knew it was the right thing to do, there was a major issue that first had to be resolved. There was hardly anything she could do until her mother realized that she'd married a man who meant her no good.

Golden was crossing the hallway on the way to her room when she heard a soft meow coming from the kitchen. Immediately the crease in her brow disappeared and a smile softened her lips. If there was one thing in the world guaranteed to lift her spirits it was a quick cuddle with Sir Winston Churchill. She headed off in search of her beloved cat.

She found him by the back door, his head down as he lapped the remaining drops of milk from his saucer. "Hey there, my love. How are you?" Kneeling beside him, she reached out to stroke his snow-white back. "How was your day?"

The fluffy Persian lifted his head and gave her a milk-mustache smile - at least it looked like a smile to Golden - then he put out a pink tongue to lick the remnants of milk from his mouth. Only then did he come to her, rubbing his head against her leg until she sat back on her heels and took him onto her lap. When she stroked his head and tickled him behind the ear she was rewarded with the gentle vibration of his deep-throated purrs.

"You're my best friend. You know that, don't you?" Her voice was a soft whisper, almost as if she were sharing a very special secret with her one true friend. And, like she'd said, he was just that - her best and only friend, the only one who would ever hear her fears or complaints or triumphs.

"Where were you?"

Golden jumped. She turned to see her mother, her hair full of rollers, standing in the doorway blinking sleepily at her.

"Mother, I didn't wake you, did I?" She pushed Sir Winston off her lap and stood up. "I tried to be quiet."

"No, you didn't wake me. When I got up to go to the loo I peeked out and saw your car was here. That's how I knew you were home." She blinked then narrowed her eyes as she gave Golden a closer look. "Why do you look like that? You never wear make-up." Then her frown deepened. "Where were you, Golden?"

"I..." Golden paused, wondering how much she could share. Her mother loved her, she knew, but the reality was, she was so concerned about pleasing her husband that she put his needs before anyone else's. And she didn't know how to keep secrets from him either. "I was just...somewhere." It sounded lame but for the life of her she couldn't come up with anything better. She'd never been one to lie so when it came to making up stories she was hopeless.

She gave a shrug and turned to go. "Well, it's late. Time to get my beauty sleep. Goodnight, Mother."

She didn't get far. Eugenia reached out and caught her by the arm. "Golden, why is your face made up like that? Were you out on the town...with men?" The last two words came out in a hiss. "You know your father would not approve."

"He's not my father." Golden almost dragged her arm out of her mother's grasp but she didn't. No matter how angry she was she would not show disrespect. But she would not perpetuate the lie her mother was living. "He's not my father," she said again. "He's your husband. I do not answer to Dunstan Manchester."

"As long as you're under his roof, you have to."

"This is not his roof," Golden said through gritted teeth and this time she did pull her arm away, albeit gently. "This is the house my father bought when he brought us here from Atlanta. This is the house he left for you. For us."

"I know all that, honey, but I have another husband now-"

"A husband who wants to control everything," Golden bit back. "Even me."

On her mother's face was a look of pleading that pulled at Golden's heart strings and made her say no more. How could she hurt her mother even if she was right?

"I'm sorry," she said with a sigh then she reached out to fix one of the rollers that threatened to slide out of her mother's hair. "I'll try to live by his rules." It pained her to say the words but she knew it was what her mother wanted to hear.

Eugenia sighed and gave her a smile. "Thank you, dear. You know we only want what's best for you. Now get along to bed. It's late."

Golden nodded, knowing full well that her mother might want what was best for her but her stepfather certainly did not. Still, she kept mum and headed down the hallway then climbed the stairs to her room. Tomorrow she would have to find other means of earning some wages but right now all she wanted to do was forget about her disastrous night, climb into bed and lose herself in the arms of Morpheus.

***

"Found anything so far?" Reed glanced at his watch then began to throw the documents and folders into his briefcase. His cell phone, he shoved into his pocket.

"Not yet, Mr. Davidoff." Sharon Crow gave him an apologetic smile. "I spoke to Ms. Townsend again this morning and she said so far there are still eight girls who haven't picked up their checks. She thinks they'll be all gone in the next couple of days. She'll keep her eyes open for a redhead fitting the description you gave."

"Not a redhead. A blonde. A girl with reddish-blonde hair."

"Oh, a strawberry blonde. Why didn't you say so?" Sharon shook her head and just stopped short of rolling her eyes. "We'll find her for you. I promise."

After his executive assistant had walked out of his office Reed stood there for a moment, staring at the closed door. Was he being a bloody fool to pursue a girl who was of so little significance in the normal scheme of things? The expression on his assistant's face said he was. They were all probably wondering why he was making such a big deal about a mere temp, one who could be replaced by hundreds of others like her.

But where he was concerned there was no other like her, none who made him hungry to see her again. It was probably bizarre that a man who had surrounded himself with beautiful models all his work life was now so captivated by the one who did not fit into that picture. But there you had it. Maybe because she was different, maybe because she was obviously out of her realm, he was intrigued. And he wanted to see her again.

It took another four days before he got any further news on his mystery woman but it was not encouraging. The staff member who had hired the agency to recruit the temps reported that all of them had collected their checks, all except one, and seeing that none of those who came in fit the description then the no-show had to be the girl he was looking for. The only problem was, the agency had a name but no address, phone number or e-mail address.

That made no sense to Reed. "Then how did she apply?" he asked Sharon when she came into his office and gave him the update.

She shrugged. "It happens. Sometimes the girls call in and ask for their names to be added to the list. The name is recorded and the girl is told to fill in her particulars when she gets to the venue. When you're in a rush and you have hundreds of people calling in, it can happen."

"Rubbish. Is this the kind of operation we're running? This is not the Davidoff way."

Sharon shook her head. "This has nothing to do with the Davidoff way. It's the outside agency that gets the girls for the show. We can't tell them how to run their business."

"If they're going to have any connection to Davidoff Fashions Inc., we can." Reed pushed back his chair and stood up. "From here on, any agency we're working with must have accurate personal information on anyone who'll be working at our show, no matter what her role. If they can't comply with that we'll find another agency."

Sharon gave a soft sigh. "I'm sure they'll comply." Then she tilted her head to one side. "So where do we go from here? Do you still want us to pursue your mystery woman?"

"No, never mind." His tone was impatient, brusque even, but he would not apologize for it. He wasn't liking this, not having his way. He'd failed to locate the girl and that annoyed him. He wasn't used to failing.

But this would not end here. He'd left it to his staff to find the girl but now he would tackle the task himself. All he had to go on was a name, the name of the one girl who had not collected her pay - Golden Browne. And Reed had no doubt that he would find little Miss Golden Browne because if there was one thing he would never accept, it was failure.

CHAPTER THREE

The road surface was still wet as Golden pulled into the parking lot of Sunnybrook Nursing Home. They'd had a violent thunderstorm the night before which was unusual for the month of March but thankfully it did not last more than a few hours. Still, the windswept trees and the carpet of scattered leaves on the ground were ample evidence of the strength of the storm. She just hoped this wasn't a sign of what was to come when the summer brought its own share of stormy weather. If there was one thing that made Golden tremble it was a thunder-rumbling, lightning-flashing summer storm.

But, trooper that it was, the sun peeped out from behind the gray clouds and now it was shining bright in the sky, putting Golden in a cheerful mood, just what she needed as she stepped inside the shadowy walls of Sunnybrook.

"A doozie last night, wasn't it?" The receptionist greeted her with a smile that looked brilliant in her dark-skinned face.

"Terrible," Golden said, nodding in agreement. "Let's hope we see no more of that for the rest of the year."

"I'm with you, hon." She placed the register on the counter so Golden could sign in. "And Miss You-know-What has been asking for you. You'd better get up there before she sends out the troops."

Golden only laughed then she waved her goodbye and headed for the elevator.

She'd been visiting the residents of the home for the past year, ever since she'd completed her stint as a student intern in the administrative office of the organization, assisting the marketing manager. They'd allowed her to visit with the elderly ladies and gentlemen who resided there and she'd grown close to a few of them, but one in particular - eighty-three year old Claire Bertlam, otherwise known among her fellow residents as Mrs. Crab.

The name said it all. Claire Bertlam was feisty and cantankerous and she was saucy with everyone, even the nurses who cared for her. The only person she hadn't sliced with her razor-sharp words was Golden, to the bewilderment of everyone, including Golden. Claire seemed to have taken a liking to her, a phenomenon which could only be explained by Claire herself. The pity was, no-one dared ask her.

"Where is that child?"

Before Golden even got to her room she could hear Claire's strident voice floating out into the hallway. Knowing that her friend was probably giving the nurse a hard time she quickened her pace. As soon as she got to the door she knocked and opened just in time to see Claire slapping the medicine tray out of the nurse's hand, sending pills and their little paper receptacles flying.

"Claire, what are you doing?" Golden dashed across the room and knelt down to help the nurse whose face looked like the thunderstorm that had hit the night before. But who could blame her? Claire Bertlam would try the patience of Ghandi himself.

"Golden, my dear. There you are." Claire's wrinkled face broke into a smile and she opened her arms wide. "Come give me a hug."

"Not yet, Claire. I have to help clean up the mess you made." Golden was scolding her friend but she knew it made no difference to the old lady. She would continue to demand her own way no matter what anyone said. Only a miracle, or some twist of fate that could jerk her to her senses, would make her change.

After the nurse had left, grumbling under her breath, Golden bent over to receive Claire's hug then took a seat beside her bed. "So what was that all about?" she asked as she smoothed the sheet covering Claire's legs. "Got out on the wrong side of the bed today?"

Claire snorted. "That's the problem, isn't it? Maybe if I could get up and around I wouldn't have to be such a crabby old bitch."

"Claire. Your language." Golden drew back half in fun and half in genuine shock. The strongest word she'd ever heard her friend use was 'bugger' and that was when she'd been really angry with the chef who'd sent her shepherd's pie so soggy it looked like soup.

"Well, I am a bitch, am I not? Ask anybody here and they'll tell you it's true." Then she smiled. "You're the only one who sees me for who I really am - a poor, lonely old woman desperate for friendship." She laid a hand on her br**sts and said the words with such drama that Golden couldn't help but laugh at her antics. Then Claire fixed her sharp gray eyes on her visitor. "So why were you late? You told me you'd be here at ten o'clock."

Golden shrugged, not the least bit intimidated by Claire's sudden change in demeanor. "It must have been the thunderstorm. It took me a while to fall asleep so I got up late this morning. How was it for you? Did the wind and thunder disturb you?"

Claire heaved a sigh. "Oh, how I wish. I'm half deaf, as it is. I slept through it all, my dear, like a lamb." Then she reached out to pat Golden's hand. "But who cares about me, an old bat on her way out of this rat race called life? Let's talk about you, dear. How are things with you?"

"I'm alive and well, Claire, so I'm giving thanks," she gave the old lady a crooked grin, "as should you. Old bat or no, you're going to be around for a long time. It's the crankiest ones who live longest. You know that."

That got her a laugh from Claire. "You naughty girl. But really, how are you, dearie? Last time you told me you were looking for work. Did you find any?"

"Yes and no." Golden grimaced. "I got a temp position at an event which didn't quite work out the way I'd planned. I never even got paid."

"Never got paid? Tell me the name of the company and I'll have my solicitor write them a strong letter. Outrageous." The old dame bristled with indignation.

"No, no," Golden said with a laugh. "It wasn't their fault." She proceeded to tell her story, leaving nothing out, not the shock of being dragged on stage, not the humiliation of her fall, not her precipitous flight to the refuge of her home.

If she had expected sympathy - which she hadn't - she got none from Claire. On the contrary, she was rewarded with loud guffaws that made a nurse come running to check if everything was all right. "What were you thinking?" the woman asked, wiping away tears of laughter. "One would think it takes some training to be a model."

"I wasn't thinking anything," Golden said in self-defense. "It was taken out of my hands." But she was grinning just as broadly as Claire was. She was glad she had given her friend a good laugh because, with a smile on her face, Claire looked like a new woman. With the frown smoothed away, the tightness gone from her lips and her eyes sparkling with mirth, she looked surprisingly young and carefree, like she'd lost twenty years in the blink of an eye. Golden could see the happy woman she used to be and she couldn't help but wonder what had made her the person she was now - confrontational, disagreeable and downright rude.

But she wouldn't ask. One day when Claire was good and ready she would share her story. Golden was sure of it.

Golden ended up spending over an hour with Claire but when she glanced at her cell phone and realized it was twenty minutes before noon she began to rise. "I have to go now," she said as she collected the half eaten pudding that lay on Claire's lap. "If I stay out too long Mother will begin fretting and then my cell phone won't stop ringing."

"What? How old are you, girl? Seventeen? Eighteen?"

"I'm twenty," she replied, "and I know I'm a tad too old for my mother to be keeping me on such a tight leash but that's just the way she is."

"The way she is?" Claire planted her palms on the bed and pushed herself up on the pillows. "What mother would expect a young lady of your age to be forever at her beck and call?"

Golden only smiled. How could she begin to explain? Who would understand the nature of her mother, so needy and dependent? Unfortunately that had always been her mother's downfall, a determining factor in her choice of life-long companion.

Golden was reaching for her handbag when Claire stopped her. "Sit down, child. Sit down and explain yourself. What kind of prison are you living in, with that mother of yours?"

Here we go again. Golden almost sighed but she sucked it back in. She'd gone over this with Claire before. It wasn't like she hadn't explained her situation at home but her friend was past eighty and prone to spells of forgetfulness which meant Golden had to sometimes backtrack and tell her story all over again.

She sank back into the chair she'd been trying to vacate. It was no use telling Claire she had to go. She knew from past experience that the elderly woman would insist on having her way. Five more minutes. She would give her that and then she would have to go.

"It's not that bad," she began, giving Claire her usual reassurance. "Mother is just overly protective, that's all. Maybe a bit too attached but I don't mind."

Claire's lips tightened. "She's that way because of that man she married after your father died, isn't it? What did you say his name was? Manchester?" Her brows furrowed. "I may know his people. Manchester from what county?"

Golden shook her head. "I have no idea. But it doesn't matter, Claire. As long as she's happy."

Claire's eyes narrowed. "But are you happy? What with the wretched man in your father's house and his good-for-nothing son dropping by at any hour, you must be in a tizzy half the time."

"Oh, Claire, it's not that bad." Golden reached out and touched her hand, regretting that she'd shared so much of her private life with her. If she weren't careful she would be the cause of Claire working herself into a royal fit over her situation and she definitely did not want that. "And please forget I ever told you those things. I'm handling things quite well. There's no need to fret over me."

"What? When the man has control of your father's money and you can't get a penny of it? That does not sound like a situation that's being handled well at all." Claire's eyes flashed with an anger that told Golden her confidante was taking the whole thing personally and was getting quite agitated. That was not good. It was time to end the conversation.

She got up and leaned over to kiss Claire on her softly wrinkled cheek. "It will all work out," she said, her tone filled with a confidence she did not truly feel. "Just give it some time."

Claire's look said she was far from convinced but Golden gave her no chance to prolong the discussion. She turned away and picked up her handbag. "I'll be back next Sunday," she said then turned back to give Claire a cheerful smile. "Now you be a good girl until I get back. Promise?"

Claire didn't even bother to answer that. She lifted a finger and pointed to Golden. "Start standing up for yourself. Do you hear me? I got to where I am because I didn't let anyone take advantage of me. You be strong. Understand?"

Golden gave her a nod. "Understood, my lady."

The old woman's face cleared and she chuckled. "And next Sunday don't be late."

"I won't." Golden gave her a wave and then she slipped out the door just as her cell phone began to buzz.

"Mother," she said in a whispered sigh as she hurried down the hallway, "will you ever give me space to breathe?"

As she walked she dug into her handbag and pulled out the phone. "Yes, Mother?" She was trying to keep the annoyance out of her voice but this time it was really hard.

"I need you home right now, Golden." Eugenia's voice sounded breathless. "Dunstan needs to speak with you."

"With me?" Golden frowned. "About what?"

"A strange phone call he got. Somebody called the house looking for a Golden Browne. Something about a check? It all sounded very strange."

Golden came to a halt. A check. The call must have come from the agency. "So why does Dunstan need to speak to me? All he had to do was take a message."

"Your Uncle Dunstan," Eugenia said, putting noticeable stress on the last two words, "would like to know what this check is for." Then her voice fell to a whisper. "And please have a reasonable explanation, Golden. You know he doesn't like you doing things without his knowledge."

Golden gasped in indignation. "Mother, I'm almost twenty-one. When is he going to stop this meddling?"

"Dear, let's not discuss it right now. Try to get home soon, will you?" The pleading tone was back in Eugenia's voice.

"I'm on my way," Golden said, her jaws tight with anger. "I'll deal with him when I get there."

CHAPTER FOUR

Dunstan Manchester could be intimidating even when he was in a good mood. Today, he was not in a good mood.

Over six feet tall with bushy eyebrows and a thick, old fashioned mustache, his face was set in what Golden's stepbrother had jokingly described as a 'permanent screw'. Today he was wearing suspenders over his plaid shirt and even sported a tie although he was home on a Sunday afternoon with no plans to go out for the rest of the day. He was usually home on Sundays, which was why Golden made it a point to keep herself busy with activities that would take her out of the house on that day. Being in Dunstan Manchester's presence was sheer torture.

But today it could not be helped. He was demanding answers and this time her mother would have no explanations to calm him down. Golden would have to handle him herself.

As she laid her handbag on her mother's prized Chippendale breakfront china cabinet her stepfather glanced up from the Sunday paper and gave her a sour look. His lunch was still sitting in front of him on the dining table, the half-eaten roast beef, carrots and Yorkshire pudding adorning his plate. As usual, despite the admonition of his doctors, the meal was covered with a generous helping of gravy.

"You wanted to speak to me?" Golden asked, her voice as cool as her expression. She would not give him the satisfaction of knowing his summons had upset her.

Slowly, he lowered his paper and gave her a cold stare. "What's this about a check? Who is it from and what is it for?"

Golden felt her heart tighten in anger. He was a presumptuous one to be asking such questions. She folded her arms across her chest, refusing to be intimidated. "I think that's my business. If you got a message for me the only thing you need to do is pass it on."

There was a gasp and they both turned to see Eugenia standing in the doorway. "Golden. Please." On her face was a stricken look like she couldn't believe what she'd just heard.

Golden almost groaned. Now why did her mother have to come in right at that moment? She knew it hurt Eugenia when she stood up to her husband but she wanted so badly to make Manchester understand that he might be her mother's boss but he was certainly not hers. Now she would have to back down all for the sake of her mother. There was nothing she wanted less than to cause her grief.

"Sorry," she muttered only for the benefit of her mother. She drew in her breath then began again. There was no way she could get around it now. She would have to explain. "I was a temp at a fashion show the other day. They were probably calling to tell me my check was ready. Did they say where I should pick it up?"

Manchester didn't answer. For several seconds he just sat there, silent, staring at her with unreadable dark eyes. The twitching of the left side of his mustache was the only indication of his anger. "I thought it was understood," he said slowly, "that there should be no employment without my prior knowledge and consent. You are provided with food, shelter and an allowance which should be enough to satisfy your needs."

"What? Forty pounds a week? How do you expect me to maintain my car, take care of my needs and clothe myself with that?" Whether or not her mother was in the room there was no way Golden could leave that unanswered. "And by the way, just in case you hadn't heard, we're now in the twenty-first century. I'm twenty years old. I don't need to report to you for anything I decide to do."

The scowl on the man's face deepened and he pushed back his chair. "Now, you listen. As long as you're under my roof-"

"Your roof? You, you..." Golden began to sputter, so blazing was her anger, and that was when she knew she'd better shut up. If not, she'd be bound to say something she would regret.

She shook her head. Then she drew in her breath and let it out. Finally, she spoke. "Do you know what? I'm going to pretend you didn't say that. I'm going to my room now. Don't bother to give me whatever message you got for me."

Golden grabbed her handbag off the china cabinet then turned and stalked off, leaving both her guardians staring after her.

In her room, her only sanctuary, Golden threw her handbag onto the armchair then went and flopped down on the bed, feeling even more desperate than ever. She needed to get away, move out on her own. As much as she wanted to stay in the family home to be there for her mother how could she, with that despicable man trying to control her life? She would have to go all out in her search for employment and as soon as she was earning reasonable wages she would move out. She only hoped she could convince her mother to make the move with her. Sadly, she didn't hold out much hope for that happening.

But then there was one ever-present option that was available, one that she refused to even consider. It would get her out of this cursed house and would even mean freedom for her mother. But could she make that move?"

That one other option would take her far out of Manchester's reach but wouldn't that fate be even worse than this one?

***

"The agency got the call," Sharon said, her face beaming. "We found her."

"Great work, Sharon. Couldn't have done it without you."

"Oh, it was nothing."

But Reed knew it was not 'nothing'. He'd been ready to hire a P.I. firm to help him find the runaway girl and had shared his plan with Sharon.

She'd waved off his idea. "You don't need a private investigator for that. Let me handle it. How many Golden Brownes do you think could be in the Greater London area?"

Slowly, he nodded. "You're right. Browne's pretty common but this is the first Golden I've heard of."

"I've heard the name before," Sharon said, "but it's definitely not common. Let me do a search before you bring a P.I. in." Then she cocked her head to one side and gave him a knowing look "You're really taken with this girl, aren't you?"

Her question took him by surprise. Despite the fact that he and Sharon had an excellent working relationship he hadn't expected her question. "Taken?"

Sharon chuckled. "I can see it in your eyes. I'm sorry. I know you too well." Still chuckling, she went out the door to tackle the task she'd assigned herself, the pursuit of Reed's latest business interest.

He grimaced. Unfortunately, he couldn't use that as an excuse, saying she was his latest discovery, a girl who would make a perfect Davidoff model. He could not pretend that his interest in this girl was purely professional. Even his assistant could see through that story.

There was a tap at the door and Sharon stuck her head back in. "I just spoke with them again. The girl contacted the agency after we left a message at her house," she said. "She plans to stop by their office on Thursday. What do you want me to tell them?"

"Let them gather all her particulars," he said. "They should be doing that anyway. They'll need that information for their database."

Sharon nodded. "Then what? I'm not sure they'll pass her information on to you."

"Maybe not," he said, giving it some thought. "Tell them to give her my contact information. Let them tell her that the owner of Davidoff Fashions would like to speak with her."

"Very well," Sharon said with a smile. "Consider it done."

But even after she'd gone back to her office, leaving him to soak up the good news, Reed could not rid himself of one worrying thought.

As much as she intrigued him, why was he even bothering to track this girl down? In his situation it wasn't like anything could ever come of it.

CHAPTER FIVE

"Oh, shoot," Golden mumbled under her breath. She'd done it and there was no escaping the consequences. She knew she shouldn't have gone in but she'd been desperate and now she was paying the price.

She'd gone to the agency office to collect the pay they'd called about and was surprised when she was told they had a message for her. Frowning in confusion, she took the envelope from the woman but she did not open it until she got back to her car. "Mr. Reed Davidoff of Davidoff Fashions requests that you contact him as soon as possible," it read. "Please see telephone number below." Her heart lurched. Reed Davidoff, the owner of the company. Dear Lord, she was in big trouble now.

This could only mean one thing. He was planning to have her head for destroying his show. She drew in her breath then let it out slowly. What in the world was she going to do now?

But deep down she knew. Whether or not she was skewered and roasted by the great Reed Davidoff himself she would not duck out of this meeting. She was at fault so she would go in and apologize and do whatever it took to make things right...not that there was much she could do. The deed was done and the show was over. But still, she had to try...

That afternoon, as instructed, Golden called Reed Davidoff's office, holding her breath while the phone rang. She sagged in relief when she heard a woman's voice on the other end of the line.

The woman thanked her for calling then set up an appointment for her to come in to see Mr. Davidoff the very next day.

"So soon?" Golden blurted out. "I mean, I'm flexible. I'm sure Mr. Davidoff is very busy. I can come later this week or even next week if that's better for him."

"No, no," the woman said, dismissing her offer. "Tomorrow is perfect. Please be here by three." Then she hung up and that was that.

Next day Golden dressed carefully, putting on her best suit, the one she saved for job interviews. It was navy blue with a knee-length skirt and a jacket that sat just atop her hips. She made sure to put on stockings before sliding her feet into black leather pumps.

The clothes taken care of, Golden turned to look at herself in the mirror. Now what was she to do about make-up? The truth was she owned very little, just lip gloss and rose-pink lipstick. She didn't even have foundation. She bit her lip, pondering if she should slip into her mother's room and borrow some of hers.

Then she shook her head. Why was she trying to impress this man, anyway? It wasn't like he was considering her for a job. Once he'd given her a piece of his mind he'd probably throw her out of there so fast it would make her head spin. No, she would go as she'd always gone - devoid of embellishment except for her lips. It made no sense to try to be who she was not.

That afternoon, Golden drove to the office of Davidoff Fashions in Canary Wharf. She was early but she didn't mind. She needed the few extra minutes to gather her wits about her. She had no idea what this Davidoff person was like but the fact that he'd decided not to let her blunder slide but had summoned her to his office meant that he must be a real beast.

She could just picture him. An old goat sporting bushy eyebrows just like her stepfather, with beady eyes and a snarl he used to bully all his employees. Well, she wasn't going to let him bully her. Just let him try it.

Golden waited until exactly two fifty-five and then she got out of her car and headed for the impressive building that housed Davidoff Fashions. Bank Street was home to the head offices of several big businesses so even though she knew next to nothing about the fashion industry or Davidoff Fashions she could tell they were major. There was no way you could be small fry and maintain offices at this location.

Feeling a little overwhelmed she pushed the door open and entered, the beat of her heart increasing pace with her every step. Walking up to the reception desk she clutched her handbag in front of her and cleared her throat. To her surprise the woman seated there greeted her with a friendly smile. "Yes? May I help you?"

"I'm Golden Browne," she said quietly. "I'm here to see Mr. Davidoff."

The woman nodded. "Do you have an appointment?"

"Yes. For three o'clock."

The woman gave her another smile. "Right on time." She pressed a button on her desk. "Ms. Browne's here for her appointment with Mr. Davidoff."

A voice crackled in the speaker. "Send her right up, please."

She directed Golden to the elevators and then she was on her own. "Well, here goes nothing," she whispered and stepped inside then closed the doors behind her.

When she got to the top floor of the building she stepped into an office suite that must have been designed by Juan Montoya himself. The style was open and comfortable but so sophisticated. The colors and textures reminded her nature. She didn't get the chance to fully admire it, though. A woman, tall and very fashionably dressed, was approaching.

"Welcome, Miss Browne," she said and reached out to shake Golden's hand. "I'm Sharon Crow. Mr. Davidoff is waiting for you. Please follow me."

"Thank you." It was a soft croak but that was all Golden could manage just then. She just wanted to get in there and get it over with. She followed Ms. Crow toward heavy-looking double doors where the woman tapped lightly then pulled them open. "Miss Browne to see you," she announced then stepped in and stood to one side, beckoning for Golden to enter.

Tentatively she walked in expecting to see the monster behind his desk, a terrifying scowl on his whiskered face. Instead, Golden found herself face to face with a startlingly handsome man with dark brown hair and striking blue eyes. And, to her astonishment, he was smiling at her.

"Miss Browne," he said, coming forward to greet her. "Thank you for coming."

"Th...thank you." Thrown totally off course, Golden could only stare. Where was the brute who'd called her here so he could reprimand her for her stupid fumble? Was this man even Reed Davidoff? He didn't look much older than she was.

Maybe this man was another assistant to the owner? Golden gave a furtive glance around but no, now that Ms. Crow was gone they were alone.

"M...Mr. Davidoff?" she asked just as he reached out a hand to her.

"At your service," he said with a gallant bow. "Please. Have a seat."

Golden raised her eyebrows. She couldn't help it. She'd never been good at hiding her feelings. Reed Davidoff was no beast. Just the opposite. He was acting like a prince.

Giving him a tiny smile and a nod of thanks she walked over to the chair he was offering and sank down.

He followed her but instead of going to sit in his own chair on the opposite side of the desk he remained standing, hands shoved into the pockets of his smart black trousers, and he was staring at her.

Golden glanced up then away. Why was he looking at her like that, like she was some long-awaited toy he was itching to play with? It made no sense. Wasn't he supposed to be hating her right now?

Then suddenly he blinked, seeming to catch himself. "I'm sorry," he said with a rueful smile. "Where are my manners? You must be wondering why I called you here."

Golden wasn't going to deny it. The suspense was killing her. She nodded. "I am."

"I have something I'd like to show you." This time his smile was enigmatic. He turned away and headed for his desk.

And with every step Golden's eyes were on him. What in the world could he have to show her? Outside of the fact that she'd worked at his runway show he didn't know her from Adam.

But apart from being curious Golden was staring at Reed Davidoff for other reasons. Rather selfish reasons if she should admit it. His tailored suit fit his body to perfection and when he turned she had the ideal opportunity to observe him freely. Even a novice to fashion like her could tell that what he was wearing was worth more than she would ever hope to earn from months of work.

But it wasn't his clothes that held her attention. It was the way he wore them and the way he moved, so lithe and fluid, his body lean and obviously muscled in all the right places.

Golden could feel the warmth of a blush rising in her cheeks. Dear Lord, she'd been staring at the man. At his bum, no less. She'd never in her whole life done anything like that. What was happening to her?

At that moment Reed Davidoff - who'd reached down to pull something from the bottom drawer of his desk - glanced up and she could see from the look in his eyes that he'd noticed her blush. Fiddlesticks.

To her relief he released her gaze and lifted an all-white box and rested it on the table. Then slowly, almost like a magician bent on tantalizing his audience before an amazing revelation, he lifted the lid from the box.

Golden held her breath. What in the world could he have that was so special?

And then, deliberately, he reached in and lifted out his prize. In his hands was the gold slipper she'd run off and left behind on the runway. A single left foot.

"Recognize this?" he asked, his smile gone and his face suddenly serious.

"Yes, Mr. Davidoff," she said, shifting her bag on her lap. "The slipper I...lost on the runway." Not knowing where he was going with this she dropped her gaze to her hands. "I'm very sorry about what happened. The slippers...they were too big and...I was supposed to be a dresser at the show, not a model." The last part came out in a rush. Good Lord, this was so embarrassing. She could feel the heat rising in her face and she knew she would be raspberry-red by now. Burning with shame she stole a glance at the man who held the slipper, the flaming piece of evidence that would convict her.

Reed Davidoff was shaking his head but his smile was back. In fact, it was more like a grin. Thank heavens.

"You may call me Reed," he said, "and may I call you Golden?"

"Of course." Quickly she nodded. If he'd asked to call her bunny rabbit she would have said yes, she was so relieved.

"There's no need to feel bad, Golden. What the heck were they thinking when they gave you those slippers? Look at how tiny you are." And then he was staring at her again, making her want to squirm. "So what do you do, Golden," he asked, "when you're not testing your modeling skills on the runway?"

"I...I...nothing." The question had caught her off guard, making her stutter, and if she hadn't looked stupid before she certainly did now.

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "Nothing?"

"I'm unemployed," she said quickly, "but I'm job hunting. The temp position at your show was my first break."

"I see," he said, looking thoughtful. Then he frowned. "You're not British, are you?"

She smiled. He'd noticed. "I moved to London when I was fourteen but I'm American. From Atlanta, Georgia."

"I thought I heard the charming lilt of a Southern accent."

That made Golden chuckle. "My friends at boarding school used to tease me endlessly about it. Even after six years here in England it's so easy to pick up that I was transplanted." Then she tilted her head, her curiosity getting the better of her. He might think her forward to ask but she had a question of her own. "But what about you? You're obviously not English."

Reed nodded. "That's one thing we have in common. I'm from New York but I've been living in London for the past three years and loving every minute of it. I love its old world charm." Then he shook his head. "But enough about me. Let's get back to you and your job situation." Then he chuckled. "Or maybe I should say your jobless situation."

Golden responded with a cool smile. She didn't see how he could find her state of unemployment to be funny. She was too polite to say anything, though. She would let her host have his laugh at her expense.

But then his next words made the smile freeze on her face.

"So what do you think about coming to work for me?"

Golden's eyes widened and she sucked in her breath. "Sorry?" Her voice a breathless rush, she stared at the man who sat there regarding her with a satisfied smile. Had she heard him right? Had he just offered her a job?"

"I just offered you a job," he said as if he'd read the very words that flashed across her mind. "So is it a yes or a no?"

"But...are you serious?" Her brow knitted in a frown. "You don't even know me. And...I have no idea what this job would be. How can I say yes?"

He shrugged. "I know you're a size four in clothing, five in shoes." Then his eyes grew intense. "Besides, I know enough about you to know that you have integrity. You're honest and caring and you'd give your right arm to save someone else's skin, especially someone you love."

"After meeting me face to face just this one time you know all that?"

He chuckled. "It's all in the eyes, Golden, all in the eyes." Then he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his desk. "As you can see, my personal assistant won't be around much longer."

Slowly, Golden nodded. She'd noticed it immediately. Sharon Crow was in the late stages of pregnancy. Although her billowy top covered her well she still looked like she was ready to pop. It was a mystery to Golden how she still seemed so bright and full of energy. Weren't pregnant women supposed to be lethargic?

"I need someone to fill in while she's out on maternity leave," he said. "I think you'd be the perfect candidate."

"But don't you have her replacement already? She looks so close..." She paused. What if he thought her presumptuous for asking? He probably wasn't used to anyone questioning him, what with him being the owner of the corporation. She glanced at him but he'd shifted his attention to the slipper which he was now placing back into its container.

He dropped the box back in the bottom drawer, slammed it shut then looked up. "I was supposed to get someone from another department but I'll cancel that," he said. "So," he leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs, left ankle atop his right knee, "can you start tomorrow?"

CHAPTER SIX

Reed was actually surprised when early next morning little Miss Golden Browne showed up at his office dressed in a simple black skirt, black pumps and white blouse. She looked like a schoolgirl, not someone newly employed to a company promoting high fashion.

The afternoon before, he'd bullied the poor girl into accepting his job offer. She'd hesitated and then began to object, saying she'd like to think about it, but he'd told her he had to have her answer right then or the offer was off the table. She'd confused the heck out of him, looking eager one moment then frightened the next, but his threat of withdrawing the offer did the trick. She accepted.

And now she was here, even though after she'd gone through the door he'd begun to doubt that she would return. He was glad she did.

Just like he'd known she would Sharon took the girl under her wing, making her feel so comfortable that the tight grimace she'd been wearing when she walked in relaxed into a genuine smile.

Reed left the two women going through a stack of files and headed back to his office where he was soon absorbed in planning his next major event, the Paris Fashion Week scheduled for April. He was surprised when maybe an hour later he heard a knock on the door and Sharon walked in. She was not smiling.

Reed frowned and laid the paper he was holding on top of the shiny desktop. "Is there a problem?"

She shook her head but then she checked that she'd closed the door fully. Satisfied, she turned and approached his desk. "How much do you know about this girl you hired?"

His frown deepened. "Nothing. Or next to nothing. Why?"

"So I guess you don't know that she's practically an orphan in her own home."

"What's that supposed to mean?" As he was speaking he was rising. He got up and went over to pull out one of the chairs so that Sharon could sink down onto it. He knew his assistant was a tough cookie but, as hugely pregnant as she was, he wanted her off her feet as much as possible.

"Thanks," she said as she leaned back into the chair and thrust her feet forward, staring at them quizzically like she hadn't seen them in a long time.

Reed went back to his chair. "So what were you saying about her being an orphan?"

Sharon tore her eyes away from her feet. "Say thank God you're a man," she said with a wry grin, "and never have to go through this. My ankles look like tree trunks." Then she sobered up. "But anyway, that's not important. What's important is that Golden almost didn't make it to work this morning."

"And why is that?" Reed cocked his head as he stared at Sharon. Her story was getting stranger by the minute.

Sharon straightened up in the chair. She looked like she wanted to lean forward but then seemed to change her mind. Her balloon-shaped belly was probably a hindrance. "She was trying to explain to me why she seemed so apprehensive when she came in this morning. She wants this job, there's no doubt about that, but apparently her stepfather is against it."

"Her working in the fashion industry?"

"Her working at all." Sharon shook her head. "Can you believe it? It doesn't make any sense. The girl is twenty years old and he doesn't want her to go out to work."

"You're right," Reed said, watching the righteous indignation cross Sharon's face. "It doesn't make sense at all. Why would he adopt an attitude like that?"

"Something to do with her mother and his wanting to take charge of everything." Sharon shrugged. "That's as much as I could figure out from the little she told me. It sounds to me like the man is nothing but a control freak who's trying to keep her and her mother under his thumb. Why else would he want to prevent the girl from earning a living?"

"Sounds to me like he's bent on stifling her independence," Reed said, his thoughts going to the girl who was working just outside his office door. Now he was glad he'd insisted on her answer before she'd left his office. If she'd gone home to think about it as she'd said, with all that pressure from her stepfather, he probably would never have seen her again.

"Well, I won't let him. The nerve of that bloody beast." Sharon was glaring now, obviously taking the whole thing to heart.

Reed almost laughed. He'd expected Sharon to play the mother role to the girl but not like this. "Come on, Sharon. There's nothing you or I can do about this except make sure she's gainfully employed at this firm. Whatever goes on at her home is her personal business, not ours.

Sharon grimaced then she sighed. "I know. I just hate it when someone's being taken advantage of. And she's such a sweetie. That's why he feels he can bully her and get away with it."

"As I said, Sharon, her problem, not ours. If she doesn't bring this up again just leave it alone, all right?"

She nodded, looking far from pleased.

"So how's she doing so far?" Reed asked, steering the subject toward safer waters. "Trainable?"

"Oh, she's very knowledgeable. In fact, she surprised me." Sharon's eyes were glowing. "I thought she would be totally green but she's had some experience working in the administrative office of a nursing home. She obviously paid attention while she was there because it wasn't just me training her. She ended up teaching me a couple of things, too. The filing system they use at the nursing home is pretty good, I must say." She gripped the arms of her chair. "Well, I've taken up more of your time than I'd planned so I'd better head back now. Got to check up on my charge." At the door she stopped and looked back at him. "After lunch I'll send her in so you can bring her up to speed on the U.S. and France operations."

"Fine," he said, his tone nonchalant as he turned his attention back to the file he'd been reviewing when Sharon walked in. He was playing it cool but he was actually looking forward to talking with Golden. There was just something that drew him to her. Maybe it was his protective instinct. She was like a fragile China doll to be handled with care. And as much as he'd told Sharon they needed to mind their own business he planned to do the exact opposite. There was a lot more to this girl than what they could see on the surface and he planned to get to the bottom of the mystery that was Golden Browne.

***

It was with a huge sense of relief that Golden walked out of the office of Davidoff Fashions that Friday evening having completed her first week as a member of staff. She'd made it.

She'd been extremely nervous that first day wondering if she would fit in, if she would be able to manage the work or if she would end up making a fool of herself. She was sure the people at Davidoff Fashions would all be snobs. And then she'd met the delightful Sharon Crow and others like David Pearson from marketing and Lisa and Sienna from accounting. They'd all been unbelievably friendly, putting her so much at ease that she began to gain confidence, even venturing to go out with them one evening to have drinks.

Later she'd paid the price for that adventure. Dunstan Manchester was waiting up for her and as soon as she walked in the door he began to bombard her with questions. Why was she in so late? Where had she been? Had she been asked to work late?

None of which was any of his business, of course, but Golden knew exactly what was behind his questions. It was fear. The fear that somehow, despite his efforts to keep her isolated, she'd developed an interest in someone of the opposite sex.

And, as far as her stepfather was concerned, that was the worst thing that could ever happen.

She'd always been a shy girl, never going out with boys, always staying close to home. That had suited him just fine. She'd even told her mother she had no intention of ever getting married. Knowing Eugenia, she'd probably shared that tidbit with her husband and he must have been happy as a lark to hear that.

Because if he could keep her like that, under his control and unmarried until the age of twenty-one, then the world would be his oyster.

Golden shook her head. She didn't even want to think about it. She had a major decision to make but for now, just for this weekend, she would forget about it and take one day at a time. One hour, even.

She glanced at the clock. Almost eight. She would read for an hour or so and then turn in early. Tomorrow was going to be a busy day.

When Saturday came, instead of lounging in bed Golden got up early, did the laundry and prepared her work clothes for the coming week. As she hung the freshly laundered skirts and blouses in her closet she grimaced. Although her co-workers had been nice about it, treating her like they did everyone else, she couldn't deny that she stood out like a lowly daffodil in a garden of elegant lilies. She needed new clothes for work. These demure skirts and tops were just not cutting it. There wasn't much she could do, though, until she got her first paycheck and that wouldn't be until the end of the month.

And she wouldn't even bother asking her mother for a small loan until she got paid. Manchester held such a tight hold on Eugenia's finances that she couldn't touch her own money without him questioning her about it. Golden did not want to go there.

With savings of just a couple of hundred pounds there was no way she could venture into any fashionable store. Harrods and Burberry were just a dream. Even Debenhams and BHS Oxford Street were out. With a limited budget like hers, her best bet was to visit the nearest thrift shop and riffle through the racks until she'd found some nice suits. She'd found some treasures there before and now would be a good time to go browsing again.

But first she had a very important stop to make. She'd been late to Claire's last time and she was not going to do a repeat today, not because she was afraid of the old lady's reprimand but simply because she liked to keep her promise. And besides, she was looking forward to seeing Claire. With her mother so hesitant to share in her joy, who else could she tell about her first full week as an employed person?

Golden walked into the nursing home, a bright smile on her face. Eager to tell her good news she called out to Claire as soon as she turned into the room. "Guess what? I'm a new woman."

The words had barely left her lips when she realized that something was wrong. Claire was sitting in her armchair by the window, looking out onto the garden below, her unguarded face a study in sorrow.

As soon as she heard Golden she blinked as if bringing herself back to the present then her hand went up to flick something from her cheek, something that, to Golden, looked suspiciously like a tear.

"Claire, are you all right?" A frisson of fear coursed through her and she hurried over to where her friend sat clutching the quilt that covered her knees.

As long as Golden had known her, Claire had seemed healthy and strong but had something happened during the past week? Could she have fallen ill? Golden's heart began to pound. No matter that she was no blood relation to Claire she'd grown so close to her over the past year that the old lady was like a grandmother to her. And now that she'd found her was she to lose her? Her chest tight, Golden reached Claire and laid a hand on her arm, praying that she was fine. "What is it?" she asked, her voice gentle. "Tell me."

Claire looked up, her face stern. "What are you babbling about, child? Give me a hug and stop this foolishness."

Golden pulled back, her eyes narrowing as she regarded her friend. "Don't give me that, Claire. I know something's wrong. Tell me what's upsetting you."

Claire's frown deepened into a scowl and she buttoned her lips, looking so sulky and determined that Golden could just imagine what she'd been like as a two-year-old.

But Golden was not about to be intimidated by this show of stubbornness. She had to find out what was going on.

"Tell me, Claire," she said again. "I'm not going to stop hounding you until you tell me what's troubling you."

"And how do you know something is troubling me?" Claire spat.

Golden rolled her eyes. "I may be young but I'm not stupid." She folded her arms across her chest. "You need to tell me." She stared down at the woman but after a solemn silence that stretched on and on she sighed and decided to try another tactic. Obviously, Claire was not one to yield to bullying. "Please, Claire."

More silence and then it was Claire's turn to sigh. "It's my daughter. She's the one dragging me down in the dumps."

Golden's eyes widened. "Your daughter? I didn't know you have a daughter. You never mentioned her before." Confused, she stooped down beside Claire's chair so she could look her in the eyes. "Is she ill?"

"Please," Claire said with a snort, "she's as strong as an ox." Then she shrugged. "At least she was last time I saw her."

It was those words that made Golden realize there was a lot more going on than she'd imagined. Obviously, whatever was upsetting Claire hadn't just transpired. Quickly she got up, rested her handbag on the nightstand and pulled up a chair next to Claire. Reaching out, she took the withered hand in hers. "Do you want to talk about it?"

Claire began to shake her head but when Golden gave her hand a gentle squeeze she bit her lip and looked away. Obviously, the subject was a painful one.

Golden stroked her hand. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I don't want to hurt you."

Claire's response was an impatient grunt. "It won't hurt me. I got over that six years ago."

"Six years? Was that the last time you saw your daughter?" As she watched the emotions flit across Claire's face Golden's thoughts went to Eugenia. She could not imagine not seeing her mother for six whole years. It would tear her up and she knew Eugenia would be devastated. How did Claire and her daughter do it? How had they even ended up in that situation?

Claire nodded and this time she could not fake the stiff upper lip that was her trademark. Her face sagged and she looked like she carried the weight of the world on her shoulders. "The last time," she whispered, her voice forlorn. "The day she walked out of my life."

"But...why? What happened?" Golden didn't want to press. She hated the idea of breaking open old wounds but how could she help her friend if she had no idea what she was going through?

Claire heaved a sigh. "We had a quarrel and I...said some nasty things to her. I was so hurt that I lashed out." She shook her head then her gaze moved from Golden to the open window. "I told her she should leave me and never come back." Her grip on Golden's hand tightened. "I told her she was no daughter of mine. I haven't seen her since." Her speech ended on a hiccup and she dropped her chin, her lips trembling as she fought to regain her composure.

"Oh, Claire." Tears sprang up in Golden's eyes. She couldn't help it. She had no idea what would make a mother say such hurtful words to her own child but she could only imagine the pain Claire was going through. And what about her daughter?

"I'm sorry," she whispered and leaned over to pull Claire close. "I'm sorry."

There was not a whole lot more she could say, not when she had no idea what had caused this rift, but she wasn't going to ask. Not right now when Claire was so vulnerable. Claire would tell her story when she was ready. Right now what she needed most was a shoulder to cry on and Golden would give her just that.

But as Claire leaned against her Golden found her thoughts wandering off to her home in North Ockendon where her mother would be in the kitchen right at that moment, spoiling her husband with his favorite Saturday morning meal.

She would have to make a decision soon, a decision that would affect her mother, but what would Eugenia's reaction be if she chose a direction which was contrary to her view?

Like Claire's daughter, would she end up being banished from the mother she loved so much?

The more she thought about it the more her heart sank. Such a weighty decision and so little time...

CHAPTER SEVEN

This was not good. The girl was growing on him too much, too fast.

Here he was in office preparing for a meeting with the VP of purchasing of one of the largest department store chains in Europe and all he could think about were glistening amber eyes and soft pink lips just waiting to be woken with a kiss.

Whenever she crossed his mind, which was often, Reed could not help thinking that Golden was like the fairytale princess, Sleeping Beauty, just waiting for the right man to come along, the one who would draw her out of her slumber of innocence and into the world of awareness. For her it would be a sweet, sensual awakening and for him, the ultimate pleasure.

Reed could only shake his head and chuckle as the thoughts floated around in his head. A girl like Golden needed a prince to teach her the ways of the world. Would he be the one?

At the thought he snorted. Hardly likely. Not when he had secrets and regrets, a past that would send the girl running in the opposite direction.

And all because, back in college, he'd been a major jerk and a certified idiot.

Eyes narrowed, Reed stared at the wall, his gaze resting on the black and white portrait of Audrey Hepburn as his mind went back to his final year at Vassar College. Before senior year he'd been a pretty staid student - boring, he'd been told - and then he 'found himself', or so he thought.

If his big brothers, Max and Duke, had the story to tell they'd say he'd fallen in with the wrong crowd. His downfall came when he decided to be adventurous and join a rock band. "Death's Door" they called themselves and as ghoulish as they looked and as hideous as they sounded anybody would think they were from the deep, dark depths. But despite this, or maybe because of it, they had a huge following both on and off campus.

In the end that was what messed Reed up. He'd never been short of attention from the opposite sex but never before had he had them rushing at him like this. And he took full advantage of the plentiful supply of admirers, so much so that within weeks of joining the band he'd become the group's most popular member and had developed a reputation as a 'lady killer'. And that was when it all started - the crazy parties, the heavy drinking and the wild sex...always with protection, of course. That was one thing he never compromised on.

But in the end it was that insanely wild lifestyle that made him commit one of the most irresponsible acts of his life, one that he still regretted so many years later.

With a grunt he got up and grabbed his keys off the top of the desk. He needed some air and with the tempting but untouchable golden-eyed girl just outside his door, he needed some space.

As he stepped out of his private suite and into the main office Golden looked up from her computer screen and when she saw him her tiny frown of concentration disappeared and she gave him a warm smile. "Mr. Davidoff," she said, getting up from behind her desk, "may I help you with something?"

"No, no." He waved her back to her seat and rewarded her helpful offer with a scowl of annoyance. Why did she have to be so damn sweet and conscientious? He'd be happy to find even one flaw, something to make him not like her so much. So far, though, he could come up with nothing. "And I told you to use my first name."

"Oh, I'm sorry." A soft blush colored her cheeks. "Reed. May I help you?"

"I said no." His curt response made her bite down on her lower lip. Ignoring her reaction, he glanced around the office. "Where's Sharon?"

"She had a doctor's appointment this morning," Golden said, looking relieved that he'd changed the subject. "She'll be in around noon." She smoothed her hands down her skirt and glanced back at him, her gaze hesitant.

It was a move that made him take a second look. Somehow today there was something different about her. She was still simple little Golden Browne but there was an air of sophistication about her, one that hadn't been there before.

And then he saw it. Today Golden was wearing a wool suit, all black with silver buttons down the front of the jacket, and at the collar was a pearl necklace. She was even wearing matching pearl earrings. All in all the outfit was of much higher quality than what she'd worn the week before but where she'd looked young and unsophisticated then, now she looked dated and old.

Eyes narrowed he stared at her. Had the girl been digging through her mother's closet? He would take the simple, unsophisticated look over this one any day.

He shook his head. All in good time. He'd make sure that before Sharon left for her maternity leave, she educated Golden on all the perks of working for a high fashion company. Employee discounts on haute couture apparel was one of the reasons his company was flooded with CV's from budding fashion hopefuls.

And speaking of CVs, had he even asked this girl to submit her official documents and certificates for their files? That was another thing he needed to speak to Sharon about.

He'd hired the girl on a whim simply because he 'liked' her and because he was determined to see her again. And again.

He was a real sucker for punishment.

Abruptly he turned and headed for the exit. "I'll be back in a few," he threw over his shoulder. "If anybody calls just take a message."

"Yes, sir." Her voice, gentle and melodious, followed him out the door.

But instead of granting him calm all it made him do was groan. Even at the grand old age of twenty-six he was still acting like a fool. He'd known from the start that this was hopeless. Why couldn't he have let well enough alone?

***

"Look what I brought you."

Golden almost laughed out loud when Claire snatched the pink and white gift bag from her grasp and shoved her hand in.

"What?" the old lady asked, her eyes bright and eager. "Brownies?"

"No, but close. I made you chocolate chip cookies, soft and warm, straight from the oven."

As she spoke Claire was pulling the colored dish from the bag. She lifted the lid and her lips parted in a wide grin. "This looks like almost a dozen. I'm going to gorge myself on these."

"It is a dozen," Golden confirmed, "but they're not all for you. I brought enough so you can share with your friends."

Claire's brows fell. "What friends?"

"Claire, don't give me that." Golden reached out pulled the bowl from her resisting hands and laid it on the nearby table. "I happen to know that you get along very well with Elizabeth Stein. And what about Therese Morgan? You give her grief but you love her. Don't try to deny it."

Claire pouted. "I won't, but that doesn't mean I have to share my cookies with them."

Golden only chuckled. "I know you, Claire. As soon as I'm gone you'll be calling them in for tea and before you know it the cookies will be all gone. You like acting the dragon but you don't fool me."

Claire's look of disappointment was comical. She shook her head. "Child, you know me too well."

While Golden was there Claire ate only two of the cookies, saving the rest for the afternoon when her friends would come over. As she munched she chatted cheerily with Golden, filling her in on all the details of her past week. Not that it was very eventful. There were few opportunities for excitement in the life of someone stuck in a nursing home but she did share an entertaining tidbit, recounting how Albert Rodney from the neighboring building had come over to visit, taking his grandson with him. The six-year-old ran off through the nursing home, leaving his grandfather in the dust and creating such havoc that the supervisor had to ask poor Albert to leave, taking the offspring of his offspring with him.

"It was like old Albert didn't know what hit him," Claire squeaked between guffaws. "There was no way he could keep up with that little bundle of energy."

Golden couldn't help but laugh, too. She could just picture it, the little tyke tearing through the hallways with his grandfather after him, struggling to catch up. Poor kid. He must have been bored to tears in this sea of golden-agers who would much rather sit and drink tea than go racing down the hallways.

But then that picture made Golden think of Claire and her life here at the nursing home. She'd always thought her friend was childless. She'd never seen a single soul come to visit her and that was why she'd semi-adopted her, going out of her way to pay regular visits. Now, though, she knew better. Claire had a daughter, probably grandchildren, too. Why, then, should she be all alone, especially for the holidays? It wasn't right and it wasn't going to continue. Not if Golden could help it.

It would be a ticklish subject but Golden would broach the topic nonetheless. That was the only way things would ever be resolved. She cleared her throat. "Er, Claire, uhm...wouldn't you like to meet your grandchild? If you have one, I mean?" She bit her lip then stole a glance at Claire, expecting the older woman's face to be as dark as a thundercloud. What she saw surprised her.

Instead of a face cloudy with anger at her presumptuous question what she saw was a look so wistful and forlorn that her heart went out to the woman she'd grown to know and love. Immediately she got up and went to her.

Taking Claire's hand she looked straight into the sharp gray eyes. It was time to put an end to this mystery. "What happened, Claire? Tell me." She squeezed the woman's hands. "Tell me so I can help make things right."

Claire shook her head then she sighed. "It's too late, child. There's nothing you or anyone can do."

"But it can't be." Golden leaned closer, her voice urgent. "It's never too late, not where love is concerned. This is family. You have to try."

Her earnest declaration was greeted with silence but Golden did not back off. This was too important. "Tell me what happened," she pressed. "Make me understand."

Claire's face crinkled and she shook her head like she couldn't bear to speak but then her voice came out, trembling and low. "She's my only child, my one daughter, but she...betrayed me. She trampled all over my love for her."

"But...how?"

Claire pulled her hand from Golden's and reached up to pull the scarf tighter around her shoulders. "Her father and I, we'd gone through a bitter divorce. He was a wicked, wicked man. Abusive." She shook her head again and this time when she spoke it was through gritted teeth. "She saw what he did to me. It wasn't just emotional and verbal abuse. There were times when he got...physical." Her body shuddered and she looked away. "I still have the scars to prove it."

"Oh, no. I'm so sorry." Golden whispered the words but she wanted to do more. She wanted to reach out and pull Claire to her but instinctively she knew that now was not the time. Right now what Claire needed was space, the freedom to speak out and tell her story. Golden dared not embrace her and stifle the cleansing flow of her words.

"And she knew this." Claire pressed an embroidered handkerchief to her lips. "Marjorie knew this and still she sided with him. Can you imagine," she fixed glistening eyes on Golden, "after seeing me go through so much suffering at that man's hands she turned around and forgave him? Forgave him," she spat, "and when he found himself a woman she went to the wedding." She clenched her fists as she spoke. "Now that was the last straw."

"But Claire-"

"But Claire nothing." She glared at Golden. "I know what that meant. It meant that no matter that Edmund was a worthless husband and a terrible father she loved him more than she did me. Well, she can have him."

"Now, Claire, I'm sure your daughter loves you. Just because she still loves her father it doesn't mean she stopped loving you."

"She can't love both of us," Claire said grumpily and folded her arms across her chest. "Not after what he did to me. I'll never forgive him." Then her mouth tightened. "Or her."

For a long while there were no more words, just mutinous silence from Claire as Golden stared at her in disbelief. This was crazy. Because of her intense jealousy for the love her daughter still had for her father Claire had denied them both the affection they'd once shared - six years worth of it.

When Golden spoke again her voice was quiet but firm. "No-one's asking you to forget," she said softly, "but you have to forgive. That's the only way you'll be able to get your life back."

"I don't want-"

"Oh, stop being an ass, Claire." Golden's voice came out so sharp she shocked even herself. But she was not taking it back. If this was what it took to drive some sense into the stubborn mule staring back at her then so be it. "Do you want to go to your grave knowing you'll never see your daughter again? And her children, if she has any?" When all she got from Claire was stunned silence Golden nodded. "I thought so. Life is too short to play these games. You have to get back to what's most important. That's love...and family."

Claire remained silent but Golden could see that her words were sinking in. The defiance had left the woman's eyes and in its place was the sadness that Golden had seen creep in before. Claire was obviously thinking about all she'd lost. And it was a good thing she was because, at her age, time was running out.

"Why don't you give her a call?" she asked but Claire shook her head, a look of uncertainty creeping into her eyes. "What about writing her a letter?"

This time Claire didn't shake her head but she lowered her eyes, making it clear to Golden that despite her tough exterior she, like any other person, feared rejection. She knew that if she approached her daughter now she'd be setting herself up for that possibility. The question was, could she handle it?

"Her name is Marjorie? Marjorie Bertlamb?"

When Claire nodded, almost in a daze, Golden decided to take advantage of her submissive state. An idea was beginning to form in her mind and she needed to gather as much information as she could while she had the upper hand. "From your home town? Cudham?" When Claire nodded again Golden almost smiled in relief. This was working out easier than she'd expected. "Do you think she'd still be living there?"

Again, Claire nodded. "She still teaches at the primary school on Otford Lane. Hazel, my friend, told me so."

Now Golden did smile. This was good news. Claire had been keeping tabs on her daughter all these years. Her neighborhood friends probably fed her bits of news from time to time. There was no denying it. Deep down, she really cared.

"Did she ever get married?" It must have been the eagerness in her tone, Golden wasn't sure why, but suddenly a look of suspicion crept into Claire's eyes.

"Why are you asking all these questions? What are you up to?"

Golden knew when to shut up. This was the perfect time to change the subject. "Oh, nothing. Just curious. By the way, did I tell you my second week on the job was great? I'm learning a lot and the best part of it is, I've got a dreamboat for a boss."

Just like she'd known it would, that made Claire's eyes light up with interest. "A dreamboat, is it? Come on, girl. Tell me all."

Golden hadn't really meant to call Reed a dreamboat even though that was exactly what she thought of him. That was something she'd much rather keep to herself. Still, she'd had to come up with something to distract Claire and she'd grabbed at that, thinking it was the perfect solution.

It seemed that it was, because Claire was practically chomping at the bit, awaiting the juicy details. "He's very nice," she said, feeding her friend's curiosity, "and so young, too. He doesn't look much older than I am but he's the CEO of the corporation." Then she frowned. "I have no idea how he manages that."

Claire shrugged. "Probably a family business. He must have inherited it. But enough about that. What does he look like, this boss of yours?"

"Reed is...very handsome. He's tall, but not too tall. Around five eleven, I think. And he's got wavy brown hair and the bluest eyes you ever saw. His eyes remind me of..." She paused, thinking. "You know, his eyes are as blue as Sir Richard Branson's."

"The chap who owns all those Virgin companies?"

"Yes, I saw his face on the cover of Inc. Magazine and his eyes were so blue, like Reed's." Then she laughed. "They actually have more in common than just the color of their eyes. They're both ambitious men. Billionaires."

"And this is the man you've got your eye on?" Claire's laugh was almost a cackle. "Talk about ambitious. That's exactly what you are, luv. Good for you."

"Me? What do you mean?"

"Well, you just said you liked the man."

"No, not like that. I only meant he's a nice...employer. I didn't mean..." Golden's voice trailed off. From the expression on Claire's face she could see the woman was buying none of what she was selling. And who could blame her? Golden was convincing no-one, not even herself. "I just work for him, Claire," she said finally. "That's all."

Claire only chuckled and gave her a knowing look.

But Golden knew a lot more than Claire did and what she knew, without a doubt, was that any interest she might have in Reed Davidoff was hopeless. Outside of the fact that, compared to her the man was royalty, there was also that dreadful stipulation in her father's will.

As much as she despised the thought, for the sake of her mother she knew she would eventually give in.

And Reed Davidoff would fit nowhere in that picture.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Had it been a month already? That Monday when Sharon came in to remind him that Friday would be her last day Reed almost did a double-take. It seemed like Golden had only been there a couple of weeks but no, Sharon had promised she would be there for a month to train her and a glance at the calendar told him she'd been true to her word. But where had the time gone so fast?

And now it was Friday and time to see Sharon off. "You tell that husband of yours to take good care of you and the little one or he'll have to answer to me." Reed gave Sharon a broad smile as she shrugged into her sweater. Employee or not he would have given her a hug if he'd been brave enough but by now she was so huge he was afraid his hug would send her into premature labor.

Sharon laughed. "I'll give him your message. He'll be shaking in his boots."

Reed gave her a mock scowl. "Are you saying he's not afraid of me? Is there anybody who is?" He looked around and, the only person in the room being Golden, his gaze alighted on her. She rewarded him with a soft blush. "Might you, per chance, be afraid of me?" He lifted his eyebrows.

"Say yes," Sharon said, still chuckling. "Make him feel good."

"Yes," the girl said, following the instruction of her mentor. "I am."

Somehow, he couldn't believe her. Not when, in spite of her shy blush, her pink lips were curled in a smile. And, of course, despite his play at being an ogre he was more than pleased to know that Golden was finally growing comfortable with him. She had better be, because from here on she would fill Sharon's role as his right-hand person.

"Now you take good care of Golden while I'm gone." Sharon gave Reed a stern look. "Do not overwork her."

"Would I ever?" he asked with a wounded look.

"Now come here, hon. Give us a hug." She opened her arms wide to Golden and the girl stepped into her embrace. "Just ring me if you need me," she whispered.

"You know I won't," Golden whispered back. "Don't worry. I'll be fine."

But even after Sharon had gone through the door she stood there, staring wistfully after her friend and guide, a hint of apprehension in her eyes. Maybe she wasn't quite as confident as she'd pretended to be.

That evening when it was time for Golden to leave she gave a soft knock and stepped into his office. "I'm off," she said, a forced air of cheeriness in her voice. "Have a great weekend."

"You, too," he said as he leaned back in his chair and regarded her through narrowed eyes. The slight droop at the corners of her mouth belied her cheery farewell. "Missing her already?"

She smiled. "How did you know?"

"It will be all right," he said by way of reassurance. "Enjoy your weekend."

Demurely she nodded then went out, pulling the door shut behind her.

Long after she'd gone Reed sat staring at the door. Now he would have Golden Browne all to himself and the good thing was, she seemed as intrigued about him as he was about her.

He had to be careful, though. Interested or not, he was still her employer. There was a line that could not be crossed...unless, of course, she wanted it crossed.

Even after he got home that night Golden Browne was still on Reed's mind. He'd known the girl less than two months but, as quiet and unassuming as she was, she'd still managed to creep into his mind and dominate his thoughts. She had a strange power, a gentle pull that he could not resist.

As he lounged in front of the television, so distracted by the girl that the latest episode of 'Allo, Allo' played unnoticed, he grimaced. Maybe it hadn't been such a good idea to hire her. At least then he would be unencumbered by the rules of an employer, employee relationship. But firing her would be out of the question. Put the girl out of a job just so he could ask her out on a date? He would not be so callous. There was nothing to be done but to ask her out, regardless of their professional relationship.

Reed was just about to get up to head into the kitchen for some ice cream when he heard a familiar buzzing in his pocket. He fished the phone out and glanced at the screen. When he saw the name that flashed there his face broke into a smile. He hadn't spoken to Max in a while.

"What's up, big bro?" he said. "Back from your Brazil trip?"

"Just got in last night," Max said. "Exhausting trip but it was worth it. I'm not looking forward to doing another product launch very soon. I need to recover from this one."

"Yeah, I know how that goes. It's been almost two months since I did mine and I'm still recovering."

"So what's new? You're good?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"No wild parties?"

Reed chuckled. "Haven't had time." Truth be told, he hadn't had the inclination either. During the past year he'd practically been a hermit, shunning female company outside of the fashion models he worked with. He'd resolved to 'be good', as his brothers put it...until the day he laid eyes on Golden Browne

Golden. Just the thought of her made him smile.

"Who's Golden?"

Startled, Reed frowned. Had he said her name out loud?

"Who's Golden, Reed? One of your new models?"

When Max repeated his question Reed got his confirmation. He'd said her name out loud, triggering this barrage of questions he knew could not go unanswered. Max was the sort who never let things rest, not until he'd got all the answers. Seeing that there was no getting around it he decided to come clean. "No, she's just...a young woman I hired to cover for Sharon while she's out on mat leave."

"And you like her," Max said drily.

Damn. Why did he have a brother who could read him so easily? Max didn't even have to see him to know what was on his mind.

"Sort of," he said, not wanting to commit to a full admission. But then he thought, what the heck. He'd already been busted so he might as well put it all out there. "I'm planning to ask her out."

"Your employee?"

"Yeah, my employee. She can say no if she doesn't want to go out with me. I'm not going to force her."

Max snorted into the phone. "Just the fact that you're asking her out is pressure. You're her boss. You think she's going to say no?"

That made Reed pause. Now how the hell was he going to work around that? He didn't want to intimidate the girl and he sure as hell didn't want to get slapped with a charge of harassment but he definitely wanted to see her, and he didn't mean sitting behind a desk in the office.

"And aren't you forgetting something?"

Max's question brought Reed's thoughts skittering back to the conversation. He frowned. He could tell where this was going and he was in no mood to go down that road. He remained silent.

"Be careful not to hurt this girl you claim to like so much." Max's voice was harsh. "Stop running from your past. It's time for you to deal with it."

Reed's frown deepened and his grip on the phone tightened. That was the last thing he wanted to do right now but the problem was, annoying or not, he knew that his big brother was right.

***

Golden had been working for Reed Davidoff for six whole weeks, two of them without Sharon as her chaperone, when she began to feel uncomfortable.

Was it in her mind or was he watching her? It seemed like in the last few days every time she lifted her head he was standing in the doorway, his eyes on her, a dark expression on his face. Either that or he would leave his office door open, depriving her of the little privacy she used to have in the outer office. Not that she needed privacy to do her work but it was so much less stressful when she didn't have her boss's eyes on her the whole time.

And then there were the times when she would hear him in his office and he would give out an unexpected sigh. This had only happened a couple of times but each time she'd found it strange. He must have some serious issues on his mind.

And, to top it all off, this morning he'd come in with his face as grim as the grave and had gone straight to his office, slamming the door behind him. What in heaven's name was going on? Reed was definitely out of sorts but she had no idea why.

The whole day Golden was on edge, jumping each time Reed called her into his office to give her instructions. There she would be sitting stiffly in the chair, notepad in hand, while he reeled off his assignments, glaring at her the whole time. The worst part was, she could think of nothing she'd done to deserve such abominable treatment.

By five o'clock that evening Golden was at the end of her rope and dying to head home. Although it was not the norm for her, this Wednesday evening as soon as the clock touched the hour, she shut down her computer and reached for her handbag. She was not about to endure a minute more of this torture, not when she was no longer on company time.

She'd slung the strap of her bag onto her shoulder and was getting ready to rise when her tormentor stepped out of his office and stood by the door. As she'd come to expect, he was not looking happy.

Golden froze then sank back into her chair, hoping against hope that he would not ask her to work late. Not tonight, please Lord. I can't take much more of this.

"Miss Browne," he said then cleared his throat. "Golden. There's something I need to ask you."

"Yes?" Clutching her handbag to her lap she held her breath. He hadn't called her Miss Browne since her first day on the job. He must really be upset with her. Was he about to fire her? At the thought her heart quickened pace.

"Would you..." Reed's frown deepened and he raised a hand to rake his fingers through his hair. "Would you like to have dinner with me? This Saturday night? If you have the time?" Each question came out more rushed than the one before as if he wanted to say it all before he chickened out.

But if there was one thing Golden knew about Reed Davidoff it was that he was no chicken, not a man like him who took huge business risks every day, calculated risks that invariably paid off, making him a very rich man. Right now he was nervous, that was all, and as far as Golden was concerned that was so sweet. Her boss was human, after all.

And then the enormity of his question hit her. Reed had just asked her out. Her. A nobody and probably the least sophisticated of his employees. Had she heard him right? "Dinner?" she asked, her voice breathless. "With you?"

His glare deepened into a full-fledged scowl. "You don't have to say yes. I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to do."

"But I do," she said quickly then she caught herself. It would not do to seem too eager. She drew in her breath and when she spoke again her voice was steady. "I would love to have dinner with you."

The scowl lightened somewhat but it still qualified as a frown. "You do? Are you sure?" He cocked his head to one side as he looked at her. "You're not just saying that because I'm your boss?"

Smiling, she shook her head. "I would have said yes even if you didn't sign my paycheck."

To her relief that brought a smile to his face. It was the first time she'd seen him smile all week. "Good. I'll pick you up Saturday evening, six o'clock. You can give me your address on Friday." And with that he turned and walked back into his office, closing the door behind him.

Alone again, Golden sagged back into her chair and gave a soft sigh of relief. She finally had the answer to her boss's mysterious behavior and it was an answer that filled her heart with joy. Reed liked her. So much, in fact, that he'd asked her out on a date.

Now the burning question was how to pull this off without her overbearing stepfather finding out.

CHAPTER NINE

Golden didn't let the evening end before she dashed over to Sunnybrook Nursing Home to give Claire the good news. Normally she would have waited until the weekend but this was just too wonderful to keep to herself. The most eligible bachelor in all of London - well, as far as she knew - had asked her out. Why, she had no idea but now was not the time for questions. Now was the time for celebration.

And who better to celebrate with than someone who understood her, someone with whom she could speak freely without fear of any of it getting back to a certain person, namely her stepfather.

"What a lovely surprise." Claire's face light up as Golden walked into the room. "What brings you here in the middle of the week?"

"Love." The word slipped out, shocking Golden into momentary silence. Now where had that come from? "I mean, good news," she stuttered, trying to cover her awful slip of the tongue. "I came over because I wanted to tell you about something wonderful that happened."

"Well, don't keep it to yourself, child. Sit." Claire waved her over to the empty chair, eyes eager, a wide smile on her face.

Golden smiled back, relieved that she seemed not to have noticed the blunder. If she'd picked up on that one Golden knew she would never hear the end of it, not for a long, long time. In a place like Sunnybrook Nursing Home there was not much to keep one busy and the primary form of entertainment was gossip. Golden's slip would have been the topic of many a conversation, she was sure.

Now, at least, she would have the chance to share her news in her own way and love had absolutely nothing to do with it. How could she love a man she'd known for all of two months? Her mind and her tongue were playing tricks on her, that was all.

"I don't know if I should tell you this," she began and grinned as she watched her adoptive grandmother squirm. She was being naughty, torturing Claire like this, but it was so much fun. At the old woman's glare she caved in. "Okay, okay, I'll talk. I..." she said, dragging out the word, "was asked out," she raised her eyebrows, "on a date. My very first date." As she said the words Golden almost clapped her hands in delight, she was so thrilled. She held it in, though. Of course she wouldn't do anything as childish as that.

Instead of lifting, Claire's frown deepened. "What are you saying? You've never been out on a date before?"

Golden felt the blush rise in her cheeks. She couldn't help it. This was an embarrassing situation to be in. How many twenty-year-olds were as backward as she was, where men and dates were concerned? She had Dunstan Manchester and his rules to thank for that. Her lips tightened at the thought.

"No, not yet," she said, her voice subdued as she fought to swallow her shame, "but all that's going to change soon. This Saturday night." Just saying the words made her feel bright again and the smile slipped back onto her face.

"Well, it's about time," Claire huffed. Then her face cleared. "So who is the lucky young man?"

"My boss. Reed Davidoff."

"I knew it. I knew you had your eyes on that man."

Golden gasped in horror. "No, I didn't. I wasn't the one who asked him out, Claire. He did the asking."

"It doesn't matter," Claire said, waving her hand as if dismissing Golden's objection. "The important thing is, you'll be going out with him. You know what that means, don't you?" Her eyes twinkled as she smiled at Golden. "Possibilities."

Claire Bertlamb was something else. Golden could only smile back at her, amused at the crafty look on the woman's face. She was probably busy planning all sorts of things, a wedding included. That was a laugh if there ever was one. A possibility, that was not.

"Now don't get any ideas," Golden warned. "We're just going out for dinner, that's all. This may be the first and the last time the man asks me out." Then she grimaced. "Or maybe it will be the only time I ever get to go out. Once my stepfather hears about this the pressure will be on."

"Excuse me? You're twenty-one, are you not?"

"Not twenty-one yet but almost there. But you'd think I was twelve, the way he treats me."

"So what's wrong with him?" Claire demanded, obviously taken aback by Golden's prison-like living situation. "At that rate you'll never find a husband."

"Exactly. But don't worry about it, Claire," Golden said, patting her hand, "I'll figure out a way to get around him. It will be all right."

"It had better be," Claire mumbled, "or else I'll have to have a word with that man." Then she gave Golden a quizzical look. "And what about that mother of yours? What does she have to say about all this?"

"Well..." Golden hesitated, not wanting to bring her mother into the discussion. Eugenia was the most difficult factor in the whole equation. Every decision Golden made was centered around its impact on her mother and that was the problem. As long as her mother was in the middle of things she would never be free. "I haven't told her about this yet," she said finally, "and I probably won't. It's...easier that way."

Claire's lips tightened and she shook her head. "It's a sad state of affairs," she tsked, "when you have to hide your joys from your own mother. You need to remove yourself from that environment. It's stifling you."

"I wish I could." Golden's voice was nothing but a whisper but the shadow that crossed Claire's face said she'd heard every word. Another great time to change the subject. "I'm thinking I'll wear my black dress with the gold piping. What do you think?"

"The same dress you wore to Gertrude's funeral last year? That old thing?"

That drew a gasp from Golden. "It's not old. I've only worn it twice."

"And make sure you don't ever wear it again," Claire said crossly. "That dress makes you look older than I am."

Now that was deflating. Golden let out an exasperated breath. "But it's the only thing I have that's appropriate."

"Appropriate? What kind of a word is that for a young girl to use? You're describing the dress you'll be wearing when you go out with this young man of yours. You don't want appropriate. You want lovely, you want elegant. No," she put up a finger, "you want sexy."

"Sexy?" Golden had to laugh. "Claire, that wouldn't be appropriate."

"Stop saying that word."

"All right, I'll stop." Golden put up a hand in surrender. "But I honestly think that's the perfect dress for a dinner date. I don't want my boss to think I'm being flirtatious. And besides," she shrugged, "I can't afford to buy anything fancy. I spent my first paycheck on work clothes.

"Get the money from your mother, child. What do you think mothers are for? Most likely, she'll love the excitement of taking you shopping for your first date, late as it is."

"I don't think so," Golden said, her voice hesitant. "I doubt that mother would give me a loan."

"Loan? What loan? Can't she spend some money on her own daughter?" Her face flushed with anger, Claire looked ready to hit somebody.

"Claire, you don't understand. It's not that easy, not with Dunstan Manchester in the picture. He wouldn't let her."

"He wouldn't let..." Claire began to sputter and now she was growing really red in the face. "Who does he think he is? Is this the nineteenth century?"

"Please, Claire, don't." Golden leaned forward and laid a hand on her arm. "Don't get so upset. I'll figure something out. I could check the thrift store-"

"Thrift store? Are you mad? For the dress you'll wear on your first date?" Claire flung Golden's hand off her arm and pointed to her handbag lying on the table by the window. "Hand me my bag," she said, her tone imperious. "I need my checkbook."

"For what?" Golden did not budge. She could guess what Claire had in mind and she had no intention of letting her do it.

"I'm giving you some money so you can get yourself a nice dress."

"I don't want your money." Golden bit her lip. The words came out sharp and cold, causing Claire to raise her eyebrows. "I'm sorry," she said quickly, just in case she'd offended the woman, "but I didn't mention the date so you would offer me money. You're very kind but please, I'm quite all right."

Claire gave an exasperated sigh. "Take it as a loan, then. You can pay me back when you've saved enough money. You have to get something from Harrods, my dear. You deserve nothing less."

That brought a smile to Golden's lips. "Oh, you're so kind. I'll think about it, okay?" Of course, she would think about no such thing, not a gift or even a loan from Claire. She'd never relied on anyone to solve her problems and she was not about to start now.

Knowing how tenacious the older woman could be Golden grabbed for the one thing she knew would throw her friend off track and wipe the money issue clean from her mind. "By the way, what would you say if I told you I'd like to help you reunite with your daughter? What if I took her a message from you?"

"I'd say leave well enough alone, child. This doesn't concern you."

"Oh, but it does. If you're not happy then how can I be happy?"

"And who says I'm not happy?"

"Nobody but sometimes you look...like you miss her." Golden regarded Claire's face that had now turned serious. "Don't you?"

"No, I don't," Claire said, her voice overly firm. She wasn't fooling anybody, though.

Golden sighed. She would tackle this another time. She reached for her handbag and stood up. "I've got to go now, Claire."

"I know, my dear. It was nice of you to drop in."

Golden smiled. "It was my pleasure." She leaned down to kiss Claire on the forehead. As she walked toward the door she gave her a wave of goodbye. "Give my love to your tea-time crew."

"I will. And you know I'll be telling them about the date."

Golden could only laugh as Claire's laughter followed her down the hallway.

CHAPTER TEN

The next couple of days were extra busy for Golden. She didn't know if Reed was piling on the work to distract them from thinking about the upcoming event or if he was genuinely trying to kill her with work because he'd changed his mind and was trying to get out of the date. Whatever his reason, he made sure she was swamped all day Thursday and Friday.

It was with a sigh of relief that she shut down her computer at five-thirty that Friday and cleared the papers from her desk. She was just swiveling around in the chair, getting ready to rise, when Reed's head popped around the door.

"Remember to leave me that address," he said, giving her a surprisingly boyish grin. It brightened his face, reminding her of how young he was.

"I remember," she said. "The address and directions are right here." She slid the paper off the top of her desk, got up and walked over to him. She stopped when she was still three or four feet away and stretched out her hand. "Here you go."

He lifted an eyebrow, a look of amusement on his face but to her relief he simply reached out to take the paper from her nervous fingers. "Thank you," he said as his eyes skimmed her face which she was sure was pink from her flustered state. "See you tomorrow at six, then?"

"Yes, tomorrow," she said with a quick nod then stepped back, escaping to a safe distance. "Have...have a good weekend." She grabbed her bag and made a speedy exit, breathing easy only when she'd reached the end of the hallway and had pressed the button for the elevator. He was probably back there in the office laughing at her. She'd run like a frightened rabbit but she couldn't help it. Being so close, he scared her. Heaven knew how she was going to manage when he picked her up for their date.

After a fitful sleep Friday night Golden got up early that Saturday morning, intent on slipping out of the house before the others got up. She had a lot to do before her date that evening and she wanted no surprise requests or demands to mess up her plans for the day. Claire hated her dress so she planned to scour every bargain store within a twenty-mile radius until she'd found an outfit she would be proud of.

Her first stop yielded disappointing results. The clothes were dirt-cheap, exactly in keeping with what her budget could manage, but not surprisingly they were hellishly ugly. She left that first store, a slight cloud of depression beginning to gather, and headed down to Cheshire Street. She would definitely find something there. But she didn't. The only dresses she liked did not fit into her budget at all.

Her depression growing by the minute she headed out to the next store on the list. No luck there so she headed to the next. Then the next. By this time it was past noon and the tiny cloud of depression that had been following her around all morning was now a billowing gray mass that was almost blocking out the sun. The day was sunny and bright. It should have been a lovely day for her but how could it be when she was going to end up going out with her fantasy prince looking like a dowdy old dowager?

She'd just dragged herself back to her car and was piling into the seat when her cell phone began to buzz in her handbag.

An involuntary groan escaped her lips. Please, make it not be Mother. There was one more store she wanted to check and she just hoped she wasn't being summoned home early. Although it was looking less likely with each passing minute she still had her fingers crossed that she would find a nice enough dress before her date showed up at the door.

Grumbling, Golden dug her phone out of the bag and jammed it to her ear. "Yes?" Her tone was less than friendly but she just wanted to hear what the problem was this time and then get on with her day. Time was flying fast and she didn't have the luxury of a leisurely chat on the phone.

"Golden? Golden Browne?"

The voice on the other end of the line was unfamiliar, making Golden frown. "Yes? This is she."

"This is Sara O'Toole from Sunnybrook Nursing Home. I was asked to get an urgent message to you."

Golden's heart lurched and she gripped the phone tighter. "Yes? What is it? Is Claire...ill?"

"I can't say at the moment." The woman's voice was brusque and emotionless, making it impossible to read anything from her tone. "I was only told to ask you to come to the home as soon as possible. It's in regards to Claire Bertlamb. May I tell them you're on your way?"

"Y...yes. Yes, of course. I'll come right away. But what's going on? Did Claire-" Golden didn't get the chance to say another word. Midsentence she heard the click that told her the woman had hung up.

Brows knitted in consternation she started the car, backed out of her parking spot and set off on her way to the nursing home, all thoughts of dresses and dates and handsome princes knocked out of her head.

"Claire, please be all right," she whispered as she raced toward the nursing home. "I can't afford to lose you."

She screeched into the parking space and ran into the building. As she signed in her hand trembled, she was so anxious. She hardly even returned the receptionist's welcoming smile, dashing off toward the elevator as soon as she'd scrawled her name in the register. "Come on, come on," she muttered, wondering if the elevator had always been this slow. When it finally opened she barged in, almost barreling into an elderly couple who were exiting the lift. "So sorry," she mumbled, too distracted to pay much attention to them after that.

When the doors finally opened on the third floor, Golden tore down the hallway, not slowing until she got to Claire's door. Heart pounding she tapped on the door, listening for Claire's usual command to enter.

And then she heard it. Claire's voice - sharp and strong and imperious. It was like the sweetest music in Golden's ears. She sagged with relief. It sounded like Claire was just fine.

Quickly, she pushed the door open and stepped in. "Claire," she said then stopped. There was no-one in the bed, no-one in the armchair by the window. But she'd just heard Claire's voice. Had it been her imagination?

She looked around the room and that was when she noticed that the door to the bathroom was slightly ajar. That had to be where Claire was. And then her eyes flew back to something unusual, a big pink box lying in the middle of the bed, a smaller white box on top of it.

Golden raised her eyebrows. It looked like Claire was on the receiving end of some gifts. She put a finger to her lips, thinking. Had she missed her birthday? But no, that was not until December fifteen. This must be for something else.

"Claire?" she said again, glancing toward the bathroom door. She didn't get an answer but there was a cheerful sound, almost a giggle, and Golden smiled, knowing her friend was fine. That was by no means a sound of distress.

Feeling much more relaxed she walked into the room and plopped down onto the vacant armchair. "Claire," she called out, "I'm here like you ordered. What's so urgent? This had better be good." Then she chuckled. "You pulled me from my grand shopping spree, you know." She shrugged. "Not that I have anything to show for it," she said drily.

Then, as if by an invisible magnet, her eyes went back to the elegant boxes laid out on the bed. And then she saw it. There, nestled among the pink ribbons was a pink envelop with the name Golden Browne printed in big, bold letters. Golden stared, open-mouthed. Were the gift boxes for her?

"Claire, what's going on? You get out here right this minute and explain yourself." Now it was Golden's turn to be imperious.

In response she got some more giggles then Claire, Therese and Elizabeth burst into the room, broad smiles adorning their faces. "Surprise," they yelled then they all rushed over as fast as their arthritic legs would take them, to smother her with hugs.

It took a while before Golden could pry her way out of their embrace.

"What have you done?" she wailed. "You shouldn't have."

"Yes, we should," Therese declared, jamming her fists on her h*ps and glaring at Golden through horn-rimmed glasses.

"I was the one who called," Elizabeth said, putting up her hand like a student in the classroom. "How was my acting? Did I sound like a real supervisor?"

"You certainly did." Golden laughed. "You got me down here so fast I'm lucky I wasn't pulled over for speeding."

Claire jerked her head. "Go on. Open it. The big one first."

"It was Claire who got these," Elizabeth said. "We just came along for the fun."

Golden drew in her breath slowly. Should she or shouldn't she? She thought for a moment, remembering the frustration of her failed shopping expedition. She released her breath in a sigh. Yes, she should.

Decision made, she reached for the big box, her eager fingers quickly unraveling the ribbon. She lifted the cover off the box and, reaching in, she pulled out a dress of the softest silk, russett gold like her hair, a simple yet elegant gown that looked like it was a perfect fit.

"Oh, heavens," Golden breathed. "It's beautiful."

"Open the other box," Therese urged, clasping her hands together like she was the one getting the gifts.

Golden did and in it she found matching slippers with crisscrossed straps of the exact color of the dress. It was like the pieces had been made by the same hand.

"Oh, my goodness. Where did you find these?" Sudden tears sprang into Golden's eyes. "Claire," she said, her voice cracking, "these are wonderful. They're fit for the grandest ball." And before the tears could spill over and embarrass her she reached out and pulled Claire into her arms and hugged her tight. "Thank you. Thank you so, so much."

Her resolve not to cry was dashed when Claire hugged her back then gave her a soft kiss on the cheek. "No, thank you, my dear," the kind lady said, "for all the joy you've brought into my life."

With those words Claire shattered Golden's feeble hold, making her dissolve into tears. It took several seconds before she could let go. Finally, she released Claire then pulled back with a sniff. "You're so kind," she said, her voice hoarse. "I've never had a friend like you before."

"You deserve lots of friends, my dear," Claire patted her gently on the arm, "and I hope this young man will be one of them. Now hurry up and get on home. You don't want to be late for your first date."

Quickly, the ladies repacked the boxes and bundled her out of the room. Golden didn't even get a chance to hug Therese and Elizabeth.

But as she hurried home in her faithful old Vauxhall she was all smiles. Even if nothing else went well on the date tonight she knew she would look spectacular.

She hoped Reed would notice.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

You're an idiot. You're the biggest fool alive. Why don't you just give up?

"Oh, shut up," Reed muttered under his breath as he steered the Aston Martin down the country road toward Golden's home just outside of North Ockendon.

He had one part of him spurring him on, telling him to go with his heart, but then there was another part trying hard to drag him back down to reality, a reality he didn't give a damn about. Not right now when he was about to spend the evening in the company of one of the most intriguing women he'd ever met.

It had been just a little over twenty-four hours since he'd last seen Golden but it felt like a year. He still couldn't believe how much the girl had grown on him. He'd spent most of the day on the golf course but all he'd been able to think about was his employee - Golden smiling, Golden busily tapping away at the keyboard, Golden staring off into the distance when she thought he wasn't watching, looking like she had the weight of the world on her shoulders. God, he was pathetic. It was like he was sixteen, not twenty-six.

Looking for some distraction Reed switched the radio on then relaxed back in his seat to enjoy one of his favorite classics, 'Dancing Queen' by Abba. He might be only twenty-six but he was an old soul where music was concerned. His face broke into a smile at the thought that most of the songs he loved were a lot older than Golden or even himself. She would probably find him strange, maybe even boring. Somehow, though, he had a feeling that if even not with music they would find they had a lot in common. He certainly hoped so.

When Reed got to Golden's house he raised his eyebrows in surprise. Based on her humble demeanor he'd expected her to live in a modest home but the house by which he'd parked was far from modest.

An old English country manor, it was set in the middle of wide open green fields, the rolling hills behind it forming the perfect backdrop for a picture of perfect peace. The incongruity of Golden's home made her all the more intriguing. Why would she live in apparent comfort and yet seem so modest and frugal? Her behavior was unusual, especially in one so young.

But when he knocked at the door and Golden came out to greet him, all questions and musings were wiped from Reed's mind. All he could see was Golden in her glory.

Hair the color of early sunset curling around her heart-shaped face, falling in soft waves over her shoulders and down her back, her sleek body sheathed in a burnt-gold gown that looked like it had been designed only for her, her tiny feet encased in high-heeled gold slippers that sparkled in the evening light...she was gorgeous and Reed was having a hard time tearing his eyes away.

Finally, he cleared his throat then he spoke. "You look lovely. I'll be your very proudest escort tonight."

That brought an alluring blush to her cheek. "Thank you, Reed. I...I'll be out in just a minute. Can you wait for me in the car?"

With a slight bow Reed indicated his assent and turned to go as she gently closed the door. A strange sort of request, he had to admit. He'd expected her to invite him in. Still, that was her choice and he would not make a big deal of it.

True to her word, Golden was out within the minute she'd requested and after he'd helped her into the car they were off and on their way to Knightsbridge. "I hope you like French cuisine." Reed glanced over at Golden and gave her a smile that he hoped would put her at ease. She seemed so nervous, her fingers tightly clutching the purse on her lap, her eyes glued to the road up ahead. "I made reservations at Bar Boulud. Do you know it?"

"I...I've never been there but I've heard of it." She tore her eyes away from the road and gave him an apologetic smile. "I don't get out much."

"All the better for me. That means wherever I take you, you're bound to be impressed." He chuckled. "Nothing to compare it with."

He was glad when she gave him a tiny smile. "I'd be impressed with Gourmet Burger Kitchen," she said. "I hardly even get a chance to go there. I'm a bit boring. It's usually just work and then back home for me. I really don't go anywhere else."

"That's going to change. It is my mission to get you out of the house as often as possible."

Her reaction to his declaration was silence and then she looked away, making Reed realize he'd probably frightened the poor girl. He would have to remember to tone things down. For a girl who was obviously as sheltered as she was, the last thing she needed was someone trying to change her low-key lifestyle.

"This is one of my favorite restaurants," he said, his voice more subdued this time. "I think you'll like it."

Golden looked back at him and then she nodded. "I'm sure I will."

Not surprisingly, forty-five minutes later when they entered the restaurant Golden's eyes widened as she saw the room full of patrons then she hung back, seeming overwhelmed by the sound of chatting and laughter and the serving crew moving swiftly about, taking orders and serving meals. Gently, Reed took her elbow and steered her down the aisle as they followed the hostess.

"I've arranged for a private lounge," he bent his head to whisper to her and knew he'd made the right decision when she rewarded him with a grateful smile.

It was when they were ordering appetizers that Reed learned that Golden was fluent in French. She read the menu items with a perfect French accent and when the server came to take their order she conducted her conversation in that melodic language.

"I'm impressed," Reed said after the server had departed. "How did you learn to speak French so well?"

"I love languages. I also speak Spanish and Italian. I got top marks in my A levels." Seeming surprised that she'd said so much she dropped her eyes. "Sorry. I didn't mean to brag."

Reed laughed. "Brag away. I can see you'll be a real asset to me when I'm ready to set up the rest of my European operations." There was so much he wanted to know about her but he would go slowly, allowing her to grow more comfortable with him before he plied her with questions.

They dined on marinated olives followed by sole limande and coq au vin with rice pilaf and Jerusalem artichoke.

"Mmm, delicious," Golden said, looking around the elegantly decorated room. "I've never dined in a place as fancy as this before."

Reed cocked his head, his curiosity getting the better of him. "And yet you seem the kind of person who should patronize places like this one. Who are you, Golden Browne?"

She raised her eyebrows, obviously surprised by his question. "What do you mean?"

Leaning forward, he looked directly into her wide amber eyes. "You confuse me," he said honestly. "I saw you as a poor, struggling girl trying to make ends meet but then your home tells me a different story, the story of a family that's well-off. So which is the real Golden Browne?"

She paused as if thinking about her answer then she spoke. "Both, I guess. And neither."

Reed's brows crinkled at her answer. She'd just succeeded in confusing him even more. "Meaning?"

"Meaning, my family is fairly wealthy, as you guessed." She drew in her breath then expelled it softly. "But I'm not."

As far as he was concerned that wasn't an answer that made any sense. "And how is that?"

She shook her head. "It's a long story. I'm not sure I want to bore you with it."

"Bore me." He sat back in his chair, folding his arms comfortably across his chest, making it clear he was prepared to wait.

When she saw there was no escaping it, Golden sighed. "All right, I'll tell you but it's a deathly dull story. Don't say I didn't warn you."

Reed didn't say a word.

After a few seconds of silence Golden began. "My father, Jefferson Browne, made a lot of money from his dairy farm in Georgia but he always wanted to move back to England which is where he was born so, when I was fourteen, he sold the farm and took my mother and me with him to Tunbridge Wells. That's where we settled first until he bought the house we now live in." She paused and her eyes took on a faraway look. "That was the happiest year of my life. Father's whole personality changed. He'd been really miserable back in Atlanta but in England he mellowed. I guess it was because he'd reached retirement age and he wanted to be back with his friends from his early days."

"Retirement age?" Reed could not help breaking in. That came as a shock to him. She was so young. He'd expected her father to be in his forties, fifties at most.

She smiled. "I know it sounds strange but my father was forty-nine when I was born and my mother was only twenty so by the time we moved to England he was already sixty-five years old." Then a shadow crossed her face. "He was so happy being around old friends, playing cricket and drinking at the pub, but it only lasted one year. When I was fifteen he had a heart attack and I lost him. I was at school. I never even got the chance to say goodbye."

For a moment she looked close to tears but then she blinked and drew in a deep breath. "When my father died it was like my mum was totally lost. He'd taken care of everything, you see, and Mother is not the kind of person who likes to be in charge. I think that's why she remarried so quickly, just a year after my father died." She laughed softly but in her eyes was a sadness Reed could not comprehend. "And just like with my dad she made sure to find a man old enough to be her father. Except that Dunstan Manchester is nothing like my father was. He's bossy and manipulative and a real beast. He controls my mother and now he wants to control me." She frowned and her lips formed into a stubborn pout. "But I won't let him."

This was not the story Reed had expected. "I'm sorry to hear this," he said, his voice solemn, now realizing that there was a lot more to Golden than he'd thought. Behind the shyness was a determination that this man, Manchester, could not shake. He admired that.

"And that's why you see me living in such a nice house but looking like the poor field mouse."

Reed tightened his lips, stifling a wry smile. He wouldn't have put it quite that way but she was nothing if not brutally frank.

"He's taken control of everything," she continued, "including the money my father left for Mother and he's determined that I should have as little of it as possible. That's why I have to make my own living. I refuse to go to him, begging for money that's rightfully mine." By the time she stopped speaking Golden's breathing had quickened and her eyes flashed with an anger Reed had never witnessed in her before.

Obviously she was unhappy in her own home, all because of this man who had appointed himself her guardian and banker, to boot. "Why don't you just leave?" he asked. He knew that would not solve all her problems but it would be the first step. At the very least, she would not have to see the man every day.

But Golden's next words surprised him.

"I can't," she said, her voice a tearful whisper. "Not without my Mother."

CHAPTER TWELVE

It took a moment for Golden to collect herself. Why, oh why had she told Reed all of that? Now he must think her a perfect wimp, living in a home where she was being bullied every day. How could he understand that she had no choice, that if she left Dunstan would have won both the battle and the war?

The real problem, though, was the fact that her mother would never leave that man. Even though he was sixty-one and she was only forty-two, still so beautiful she could have her pick of men, she clung to this one like he was her world. She did nothing without his approval. Sadly, although she was the one with the money, the way she gave her husband free rein she might as well not have any money at all. She certainly didn't have the freedom to give any of it to her own daughter, not without his consent.

Golden shook her head, not wanting to spend any more of her date thinking about her depressing situation. "I'm sorry," she said, pasting a smile on her lips, "I'm sure you're not the least bit interested in me and my mundane problems. You're a CEO. You have more pressing issues on your plate."

"It's not always about business," he said, his face unusually serious. "Most times it's our personal relationships that determine our happiness. Business is secondary."

His comment gave Golden the perfect opportunity to change the subject. "Speaking of personal relationships, you know practically everything about me but I know nothing about you. What's your family like? Do you have brothers or sisters?" Then as her thought went to family she grew wistful. "I always wished I could have a sister."

Reed regarded her with what looked like polite interest. "I don't have a sister but I do have two sisters-in-law. I can share them with you, if you like."

That made her laugh. She would have taken him up on his offer if she could but how in the world was she going to do that? That could only happen if she married him.

At the thought, Golden's eyes widened and she looked away, momentarily confused. Why did she keep thinking these outlandish thoughts? Heavens. She needed to rein herself in before her wayward thoughts made her blurt out something really stupid.

"I have two brothers, though, older than I am. They're both back in the States." Reed continued speaking, seeming not to notice Golden's consternation. Thank goodness. "One of them runs a computer software business and the other does cosmetics."

"All businessmen," Golden said. "Your family must be so proud."

"Yeah, well." Reed shrugged and for the first time since she'd met him she saw his face color with embarrassment.

That made Golden smile and she suddenly felt confident enough to ask even more questions. "But are you and your brothers all about business? What about you? What do you do for fun?"

The question made his face brighten. "I golf and I swim. I also play polo on the weekends."

"That sounds like fun." Even though she'd lived on a farm as a young girl, Golden had never climbed onto the back of a horse in her entire life. Maybe she would put that on her list of things to do one day. "And do you go out a lot, to the pub with friends? You certainly don't sound like someone who'd stay put at home like me."

She'd thought it was an innocent enough question but Reed's face darkened in a frown. "The pub? No, I never go there. Have no plans to, either."

"You've never..." Her voice trailed off. Had she offended him? "You don't drink, then."

"Not anymore. It was drinking that got me into the mess I'm in today-" He stopped short. It was obvious that he'd meant to say more.

"What mess? What happened?" She was being nosy, she knew, but she blurted out the questions anyway. She couldn't help it. She wanted to know.

"Trust me," he said, his tone bitter, "you don't want to know."

***

Conscious that a late return might create problems for Golden, Reed made sure not to keep her out late. By nine o'clock he was calling for the bill and by nine-fifteen they were on their way back to her house.

But there was another reason why he'd wrapped up the conversation and drawn the evening to an early close. The discussion had grown too personal, too close to the issue that was constantly on his mind. He was afraid he would slip and say too much. There were just some things about himself that he didn't want this girl to know.

The fact was, he liked her and he wanted her to like him, too. Digging up the demons of his past was not the way to make that happen.

By the time he'd come to the end of the road that led to her house Reed had made up his mind about one thing. He had no idea what Golden's reaction would be, but tonight he would let her know how he felt about her.

In fact, he was sure she already had some idea about that. The fact that he'd asked her out must have sent a very clear message - he was interested in her, far more interested than an employer should be in an employee.

But if she wasn't sure of his intentions by the end of the night there would be no doubt left in her mind.

Reed pulled up to the house but not so close that they could be observed by curious eyes peeping through the window. As he turned toward her she looked back at him, her eyes uncertain.

She swallowed. "Thank you," she said. "I had a wonderful time."

"You're most welcome," he replied then before he could change his mind he lifted a hand and touched her cheek. "May I tell you something?"

Her eyes widened, just a bit, and she looked like she was holding her breath. "Yes," she said softly.

"Right now," he said, his hand sliding down to cup her chin, "I want nothing more than to kiss you. May I?"

Golden sucked in her breath and then, eyes wide, she nodded.

Reed gave her no chance to back out. As he lowered his lips to hers she closed her eyes, lips trembling slightly, her fingers digging into the car seat. Gently, he touched his lips to hers, knowing instinctively that this was a girl who had never experienced a real kiss.

She jumped and her eyes flew open, her lips parting involuntarily. Her hands left the seat they'd been clutching and now they were on his arms, her fingers gripping him like she was falling and he was her lifeline.

It was the shock, he knew, and the fear but he would take it slow and make everything all right. Slowly, so as not to frighten her, he slid an arm around her and pulled her close, brushing his lips over hers, teasing her but giving her no more than that.

As he'd hoped, a soft sigh escaped her lips and, ever so slightly, her fingers on his arms began to relax. That was the sign he'd been waiting for. She wanted this and she was ready.

Still taking it slow he gradually increased the pressure of his lips on hers and only when her sigh turned into a moan did he take full possession. When her hands slid up his arms to cling to him, he let his fingers glide through her hair to cup the back of her head, tilting her so she rested against the seat, giving him full access to her. But then he pulled back, remembering her innocence, remembering that a sleeping princess should only be awakened gently, never in the heat of passion. With a soft groan of regret he brushed her lips again, lips so sweet and soft he wanted to kiss her all night, and then he laid her back against the tan leather seat and slowly drew away.

"Thank you," he said softly, leaning down to give her a peck on the forehead, "for a wonderful evening."

Lips still soft and parted, she stared up at him and nodded.

Reed almost smiled. He'd been told he was a good kisser but he hadn't expected to leave her dumbfounded. "Come," he said, giving her a gentle pat on the leg. "Let me walk you to your door."

Long after she'd gone in, Reed sat in the car remembering the taste of Golden's honey lips. She had so much to learn and he was looking forward to being the one who would waken her to womanhood.

He knew it was wrong to pursue her. He knew he could offer her no future, not when he was trapped in a situation he was desperate to get out of. Until then, he had no right to lead the girl on.

Reed grimaced and started the car. He was being a fool but how could he find the power to resist a flower so sweet?

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

"I'm sorry? Who did you say you are?"

"I'm Golden Browne, a friend of your mother. I know this might seem strange, my contacting you like this, but...I need to ask you a favor." Marjorie Bertlam must think she was a mad woman but there was no getting around it. Claire was suffering and Golden had to do something about it.

Before the woman could hang up on her, Golden hurried to explain. "Claire misses you. Could you find it in your heart to forget the past and visit her?"

There was a gasp on the other end of the line then a silence so stark it made Golden wonder if she'd screwed things up before they'd even gotten off the ground. Finally, the woman spoke.

"She told you...what happened?" The words sounded choked, like she was struggling to breathe.

"Just a little bit," Golden reassured her. "Just enough for me to know there's a rift between the two of you. I know it's none of my business but I love Claire. I just hate to see her in pain."

"She's ill? The nursing home...they didn't tell me."

Golden almost smiled. She should have known it all along. Even though she didn't visit, Marjorie had been keeping tabs on her mother without her knowledge. That could only mean one thing. She cared.

"No, she's fine, at least where her health is concerned. It's just that she needs you."

"That's not what she told me last time we spoke."

"That was six years ago," Golden said, a hint of exasperation creeping into her tone. "Things have changed since then." Then, deliberately, she lowered her voice, fighting to stay calm. The last thing she wanted to do was offend Marjorie. She was supposed to be helping, not making the situation worse. "We don't know how much more time any of us have on this earth," she said gently. "Don't you think it makes sense to mend old fences and enjoy every available moment with loved ones?" When the woman did not respond Golden decided to approach things from another angle. "Would it be possible for us to meet? May I invite you to lunch so we can talk?" Then she added, "I'll give you all the details on how Claire's been doing."

It was that last offer that did the trick. As soon as the words were out of Golden's mouth Marjorie began to speak again. "I...guess we can talk," she said. "I don't hate my mother, you know. It's just...she can be difficult sometimes."

"I understand," Golden said in sympathy. She wanted Marjorie to know they were on the same side. She knew she'd succeeded when she heard the woman's sigh.

It was another four days before they found a mutually convenient time to meet but in the end it was worth it. Golden came away from the rendezvous with an agreement from Marjorie that she would pay a surprise visit to her mother. It could happen no other way, they reasoned. If Claire was given forewarning, as much as she might want to see her daughter, her cantankerous nature might make her object. Anticipating this, they both agreed that an impromptu visit was best.

That night as Golden rested her head on her pillow she had a smile on her lips. If the only thing she could do for Claire was reconcile her with her daughter then, as far as she was concerned, she would have done a good deed.

Because, at the end of the day, what could be more important than family?

***

Galloping toward the ball Reed leaned down and smacked it hard, sending it flying at over a hundred miles an hour then he reined in his horse and slowed her to a canter, watching as the other riders readied for their attack. He wasn't worried, though. He had excellent polo mates and there was no doubt in his mind that his team would triumph.

Reed had always enjoyed polo but today was different. His mind was only half on the game. The other half was completely distracted by the memory of Golden and the unforgettable evening they'd spent together. As his thoughts began to wander he eased his hold on the reins and slowed his horse to a stop. No matter that he'd seen Golden in the office each day, he wanted to go out with her again. He was dying to kiss her again.

And then the lead shield he'd wrapped around his mind began to slip and his annoying guilty conscience began to sneak in, reminding him of all the reasons why he should stay away from Golden.

His brows lowered in a scowl and he shook his head. There was no way he could continue like this, wanting her but knowing he couldn't have her. He could not live with this thing hanging over his head.

"Ho, Reed. Over here," his teammate yelled, ripping into his daydream.

He jerked the reins, turning his horse to face the other end of the field then, with a light prod from him, she set off.

Reed knew exactly what he needed to do. He'd known all along but he'd been resisting it, pretending the problem did not exist.

He would go back to the States and seek out the woman who was making his life a torturous hell. Before another week had passed he had to find Carrie.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Another day without Reed. Golden sat staring at the computer screen knowing she was being unproductive but not able to do a thing about it. Reed had been gone three days now and she missed him terribly.

On Monday he'd come into the office, face serious, and told her he would be heading to the States the next day. She'd found it strange, this sudden trip. Normally he would have told her of his plans ahead of time. After all, she was the one who would prepare his notes or presentations or whatever else he needed for his trip. But although she was curious, she didn't ask. She knew her place. She was just an employee, after all.

That thought made her pause and think back to the night he'd asked her out, the night he'd kissed her full on the lips. It had been magical, breathtaking, a kiss she would never forget.

But then, that kiss, what did it mean for her? Was she still just an employee to Reed or did she mean something more to him?

Golden sighed and got up to walk over to the window where she stood looking out onto Upper Bank Street. If she were smart she wouldn't read too much into that kiss. That was what her brain was telling her but her heart? That one had a totally different view of the matter.

"What are you doing over there?"

Startled, Golden swung around to see a smiling David standing in the doorway. "Oh, hello. I...was just stretching my legs. I get cramped sometimes, sitting at the desk all day."

"I feel you," he said, walking in. "Lisa sent me to get you. It's fifteen minutes into the lunch hour. Not hungry?"

"Er, not really. I have some fruit I brought from home."

"That's all you're going to eat?" he demanded. "Fruit? Look how tiny you are. You could stand to gain another stone, easy. Come on down and have some real food with us. My treat."

"No, please. I have money. I just...don't feel like eating, that's all." Golden felt the heat rise in her face, she was so embarrassed. Did he think she couldn't afford to buy her own lunch?

"Money?" he scoffed. "A couple of quid? That's nothing. Don't deny me the pleasure of treating you to lunch one day out of three hundred and sixty-five. Come on," he wheedled. "It would make my day. And we're all dying for your stimulating company."

That made her laugh. "Well, since you put it that way." She turned toward her desk. "Just let me shut down my computer and I'll be right there."

After that pleasant distraction Golden's mood lifted and the rest of the day flew by. She was surprised when she looked up from her work to find that it was already twenty minutes after five. With a satisfied sigh she packed up her desk and headed for home, a slight smile on her face. It was a beautiful evening, warm with a slight breeze, perfect for a long walk down a country lane. She knew what she would do. She would get her mother out of the house. It would take some convincing as her mother hesitated to go far when Dunstan was around but it would be so nice if they could spend some time together - alone, with no Dunstan in the picture. She really hoped she could have her mother to herself again, if even for just one evening.

But it was not to be. When she got home the first thing she noticed was Carl's purple Peugeot. Her stepbrother had stopped by for a visit.

Golden gritted her teeth as she grabbed her handbag from the seat and stepped out of the car. The problem was, Eugenia doted on Dunstan Manchester's son. She was so attentive to him it was almost sickening. It was like she was trying to prove to her husband that not only was she the perfect wife, she could be the perfect mother to his offspring as well, no matter that Carl was not a child but a thirty-four year old man with a wife and children of his own.

"Sis, how are you?"

Golden had to grit her teeth again as she walked into the sitting room where Carl sprawled, a bottle of Heineken beer in his hand. She always hated his patronizing tone. It wasn't what he said it was the way he said it, like she was somehow beneath him. And it didn't help, either, that Golden was jealous of the way he and his father monopolized Eugenia's time. When Manchester wasn't in the picture, he was. When would she ever get time alone with her mother?

"I'm fine, thank you, Carl," she said, her voice cool. She glanced around the room expecting to see her stepfather there, too, but he was nowhere to be seen.

"So I hear you've found yourself a job in London," he said then took a swig and deposited the dripping bottle right on top of the spotless side table. Hadn't the man ever heard of a coaster?

Golden clenched her fists but said nothing. Instead she drew in her breath then let it out slowly in an effort to ease the tension in her body.

"So how's that going?" he asked, seeming not to notice her distress.

"Just fine, thank you." That was as much as she was about to say. She knew that anything she told Carl would get back to Dunstan soon enough. Well, if they wanted any more information then they'd have to dig for it. She was not about to share anything else.

The man got up, a look of amusement on his face. "Little Miss Independent, are you?" He nodded to himself. "I didn't think you had it in you. Thought Dad would have had you holed up here under his thumb till you're fifty." He chuckled. "Bold move, sis."

Golden tightened her lips and looked away. Why did he insist on calling her that? She was not his sister and never would be. She had no love for him or his father and as far as she was concerned they would never be her family. "Where's Mother?" she asked, readying herself to make a quick exit. She'd had enough of this conversation with Carl Manchester.

"Fixing me some jam and biscuits. You know it's her pleasure."

He said the last words with such disdain that Golden gasped and stepped back, stumbling when her leg brushed against something furry. There was a loud hiss and she whirled around just in time to see Sir Winston Churchill tearing back down the hallway.

"Oh, no. I'm so sorry, Sir Winston." Not bothering to take leave of the unwelcome guest Golden hurried after her cat, her only concern that her pet was not hurt.

She would leave Carl in her mother's care and make herself as scarce as possible while she was there. Her hopes of a relaxing mother-daughter evening dashed, Golden decided she might as well escape to her room where she could hide behind closed doors and think on pleasant thoughts, the nicest of which would be Reed Davidoff.

There was nothing to stop a girl from dreaming, was there?

***

When Saturday dawned Golden hopped out of bed, her heart doing a happy pitter-patter as she thought of what was to come. This was the day she'd been awaiting with eager anticipation, the day when her best friend and her daughter would be reconciled.

Marjorie had promised to meet her in front of the nursing home at two o'clock that afternoon. After they'd signed in Golden would allow Marjorie to go up first to see her mother. She could imagine what an emotional reunion that would be and she didn't want to spoil the moment for either one of them. After she'd given them time alone, maybe half an hour or so, then she would go up and join in the celebration. It would be a happy day indeed.

When Golden arrived at the nursing home that afternoon she sat in the lobby waiting for her partner in crime. Six minutes later a woman - tall and regal, her hair sporting a few strands of gray - walked in.

Immediately, Golden knew that this was Marjorie Bertlam. She looked just like Claire, only younger - the same narrow face, the same no-nonsense look, the same piercing gray eyes. She got up and waved. "Marjorie, over here. It's Golden."

The woman's face cleared and she smiled. "Golden." She walked over and held out both hands. "Thank you for coming."

"No," Golden said, taking Marjorie's surprisingly soft hands, "thank you. You're going to make my friend very happy today."

"But you didn't have to do this," Marjorie said. "The fact that you decided to get involved and that you're here for support, it means so much to me."

"I wouldn't want to be anywhere else. Now come," Golden steered her toward the reception desk, "let's get you signed in. I'll wait down here so you both can have some time alone then I'll come up, okay?"

Marjorie nodded then went over to sign the register. Just before she headed for the elevator she held up a small bag with a bow tied to it. "I brought her a gift. Homemade brownies. They were always her favorite." She drew in her breath then let it out in a whoosh and smiled. "Wish me luck."

"You don't need it," Golden said, giving her a reassuring smile. "Now go see your mother."

Golden watched the elevator door close behind Marjorie then she went to the couch and sank back down with a sigh. One good deed done for the day. She smiled, totally pleased with herself.

A few minutes later she was still basking in the warm and fuzzy feeling of a job well done when she heard a commotion and looked up to see Marjorie hurrying toward her, her face flushed. Golden's heart jerked in her chest. Immediately, she hopped up and rushed toward the woman. "What's the matter? What happened?"

"This is what happened." Marjorie stuck out her arm to reveal a big brown stain on the sleeve of her white blouse. "She threw the brownies at me. She said she didn't need me bringing her charity food." She shook her head, her chest heaving, her lips moving like she was struggling to get the words out. "Golden," she said finally, "this was a terrible idea. I wish you hadn't convinced me to come here." Her lips ceased trembling and grew tight. "It's no use. She's no longer my mother. I'm never coming here again." With that she whirled and marched out of the building, leaving Golden standing there opened-mouthed in the middle of the lobby.

It took a good minute before her wits returned and she was able to move. Heart pounding, she whipped around and ran to the elevator. She had to find out what happened. She had to go to Claire.

When she got to the room she found the old lady climbing out of bed, reaching for her cane. Her rollers askew, she was mumbling to herself, her face set in a dark scowl, obviously in great distress.

"Claire, what happened?" Golden ran to her, reaching out to grasp her arm before she stumbled and fell. "Where are you going?"

"I'm going," Claire said in a snarl, "to tell those people off. They say this is a well-managed nursing home? How dare they send that woman to my room without my permission?

"That woman?" Golden stepped back, aghast. "That was Marjorie, your daughter." As she stared at Claire her eyes narrowed. "Didn't you recognize her?"

Claire waved her hand, obviously annoyed at Golden's question. "Of course I recognized her. She's the one who decided to take sides with her father. As soon as I saw her I said, have you stopped speaking to him? Is he out of your life? She said no, she'd gone to see him just yesterday. Yesterday. And then she decides to come see me today? The audacity."

"But Claire, you're both her parents. She can love both of you. Why are you making her choose?"

Claire gave her a sour look. "There can only be room in her heart for one of us. I told her then and I'll say it now, it's either him or me." She plopped her bottom back down on the bed, folded her arms across her chest and gave Golden a look that said she was not about to budge.

Golden could only stare at her, her heart heavy with disappointment. Where was the woman she had learned to love? Who was this stubborn shrew who had taken over her friend's body?

Shaking her head, Golden turned away and bent down to pick up the battered gift bag with the brownies spilling out. She couldn't believe this was the outcome of the good she'd tried to do.

She'd dreamed of a storybook reconciliation but all she'd succeeded in doing was distress Marjorie, Claire and herself.

After what had happened today she would never meddle in anyone's business again.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

After four days in Nevada Reed decided to give up. He could not do this on his own. Carrie was nowhere to be found.

The problem was - and it was an embarrassing one - he knew next to nothing about her. He didn't even know her last name.

How the hell was he going to find a woman in the State of Nevada when all he had to go on was a physical description and a first name?

As humiliating as it was he would have to reach out for help. There was no way he could do this alone. Gritting his teeth he reached for the cell phone and dialed his brother's number.

"Max," he said when his big brother picked up, "I need your help. I want to put this to bed, this problem I have with Carrie."

"Where are you now?" Max asked. "Do you want to come to California so we can talk?"

To his credit, Max did not go into a long spiel or pester him with 'I told you so's'. He knew Reed was in the United States so he would have had a pretty good idea about the reason for his trip. Max had probably been waiting patiently for his call.

That evening Max flew to San Jose then drove to Max's house in Palo Alto. When he got there he hung out for a while with Silken, Max's wife, and then the two men disappeared into the den where they could talk.

"You've made up your mind? You want to find this girl?" Max's face was serious. "You're ready to face the consequences?"

Reed grimaced. "I wouldn't say I'm ready but this can't wait any longer. I have to know how deep I'm in," he shook his head, "and I need to get this resolved."

Now it was Max's turn to shake his head. "The things we do when we're in college. Crazy, right?"

Reed grunted. "You said it."

"Anyway, now that you've decided to make a move I'll put my guy on it right away. He's a top notch P.I.. You'll just have to feed him all the information you have and we'll take it from there."

"Thanks, bro." Reed sighed then as another thought crossed his mind he lifted his head and stared at Max through narrowed eyes. "Mom and Dad, they don't know about this, right?"

"Not unless you told them," Max said. "They got nothing from me."

Reed nodded. "Good. Since this wasn't one of my proudest moments let's keep it that way."

***

"No," Golden sobbed. "No." She put her fingers to her lips, fighting to keep the sobs from turning into wails. Her worst nightmare had come true. Claire had suffered a massive stroke and it was all her fault.

Golden lowered her head as she sat by the hospital bed holding Claire's limp hand. She'd gotten the call from the nursing home early that morning. Apparently, Claire had given them her contact information, probably telling them that Golden was her emergency contact person.

Without hesitation she'd dropped everything and gone straight to the hospital. Workday or no workday, she had to be by Claire's side. She would just have to catch up on her assignments some other time.

But now that she was here there was nothing she could do but sit. And wait. And worry. What if Claire never regained consciousness? What if, God forbid, she passed on?

At the thought, Golden's lips began to tremble again. No, that wouldn't happen. It couldn't. She didn't know how she would bear it.

What made it worse, it was because of what she'd done that Claire lay there suffering. If only she hadn't tried to be her savior. If only she hadn't meddled. It must have been the stress of her fight with Marjorie that had taxed her system.

Marjorie. As her thoughts turned to Claire's daughter Golden had to wonder why Marjorie wasn't there. She could only guess that when Claire had given them her contact information she had removed her daughter's.

And now she was faced with another dilemma. Should she leave things as is and keep Marjorie in the dark or should she call her and sink back into the troublesome role of meddler? Golden didn't know what to do, not when it was her meddling that had brought this on in the first place.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

After an exhausting day and night at the hospital it was with relief that Golden finally witnessed Claire open her eyes. Quickly, she got the nurse who wheeled Claire into an examination room where the doctors ran a battery of tests before announcing that she was on the road to recovery. They admitted that she'd pulled out of the crisis a lot better than expected with no sign of any permanent damage. It was this pronouncement that made Golden feel confident enough to leave.

As tired as she was, Golden had no choice but to head for home where she showered and dressed and then headed straight to work. She had already missed a full day at the office and her conscience would not allow her to take any more time off. Feeling like something Sir Winston had dragged in from the gutter she stumbled to her car, blinked then set off down the road.

To Golden's surprise, Reed was in the office when she arrived. At the sight of him all traces of her exhaustion vanished and her body perked up, attuned to his presence. In fact, much to her astonishment and confusion, her ni**les went hard inside her bra, making her drop her gaze nervously, wondering if he had seen the hard buds beneath her blouse. She would just die if he had.

Thankfully, although he was now standing across from her desk, he didn't seem to notice. In fact, not only did he not see what was going on inside her blouse, it was apparent that he was not even noticing her at all.

Golden had expected a little excitement upon Reed's return or even some level of interest. She had missed him so much when he'd been gone. Hadn't he missed her?

Apparently not. Today he seemed so cool, so distant, that she began to wonder if she'd done something wrong.

And then she realized what it must be. She'd not shown up for work the day before and she hadn't called to report her absence. She should have, she knew. She should have made a report to the human resources department. Yes, she should have done all that but in her distress she'd totally forgotten about office protocol and now he was cross with her for it.

"Reed," she said, her voice hesitant, "I have to apologize. Yesterday when my best friend was rushed to the hospital I ended up spending all day and night there. I didn't make it to work and I didn't call in. I'm so sorry. I'll work this weekend to make up for it."

He waved a hand as if swatting at a buzzing bee and turned his attention back to the file in his hand.

Golden frowned. It almost seemed like instead of appeasing him all she'd done was annoy him. Had she made things worse? Lately, it seemed like that was all she was good for.

She'd been stressed out before, with Claire's sudden illness and her watchful waiting by her friend's bedside but somehow, even though that had been a terrible experience, Reed's dismissal felt even worse. She was being a perfect ninny to even worry about it but right then she felt so deflated she was actually close to tears.

The rest of the day was even more difficult for Golden. Where Reed had started out cool and aloof by the middle of the day he'd started barking orders and then he'd gone into his office, snapping the door closed behind him. She didn't hear from him again for another two hours.

When she did hear Reed's voice again it was to receive his command to come to his office immediately. "Goodness," she muttered under her breath. "What now?" She grabbed her iPad and hurried into her boss's office.

He didn't even give her a chance to sit. "We have a lot of catching up to do," he said, not bothering to glance away from his computer screen. "I need you to work late tonight."

"Okay," she said, but she was frowning. This was not the Reed she knew. The Reed Davidoff who had left for the United States just a few days earlier had been gentle and polite and charming. This man who had come back to England was nothing like the man she'd grown to admire. This man was acting like a jerk and whether he liked it or not she was going to tell him that.

"Mr. Davidoff," she said, her voice quiet but firm.

That caught his attention as she'd known it would. His eyes narrowed as he looked away from the computer screen and stared at her.

"Reed," she said this time, now that she had his undivided attention, "I don't know what I've done to offend or annoy you but I would appreciate it if you would tell me what I've done wrong." Her brows fell. "I would appreciate it a whole lot more than this cold shoulder you've been giving me all day."

He sat back in his chair and now his stare had become a glare. "What? Because I asked you to work late?"

"No, it's not that, and you know it." He hadn't offered her a seat but, invited or not, she sat. She stayed rigid, her back straight, her face serious. "It's not what you said it's how you said it. All day you've been a boor, either ignoring me or biting my head off. Why are you being so mean to me?"

He flinched as if her words cut into him and she was glad. Maybe now he would be conscious of how much his impolite behavior hurt her.

To Reed's obvious surprise and even her own, Golden got up and looked him straight in the eyes. "I think you owe me an explanation. Until you're ready to tell me what's going on, I'll be at my desk."

Without another word she turned and walked out of his office and this time she was the one closing the door smartly behind her.

***

Damn. She'd certainly told him off. Reed stared at the closed door and shook his head. He would never have imagined that Golden had it in her. The girl had just reprimanded her boss.

He grimaced, knowing that he totally deserved it. His trip back to the United States had been a dismal failure and he'd come back to England and dumped his anger and frustration right in Golden's lap...and she wasn't having it.

The really frustrating part of it all was that he'd been deliberately keeping his distance, ditching his previously friendly demeanor for a more serious approach, mainly because he was finding her presence so bewitching. He was doing everything in his power to keep their relationship on a professional level, even going overboard with this cool and detached act, but it wasn't working.

Even as his brain branded him a fool his heart kept pulling him toward her. God, it didn't know when to give up.

It was no use. There was nothing he could do to stop wanting Golden. He could never be satisfied with just having her as an employee. He wanted a whole lot more than that and somehow he would have to make that happen. Whatever it took, he would have to find a way.

But first, he would have to make things right. He had to go to her and apologize.

When Reed got to the outer office he found Golden sitting at her desk, staring intently at the computer screen, pretending she didn't notice him approaching. She didn't look up and she didn't give him her usual smile, not today when he'd pissed her off. He would have to make it up to her.

Reed walked over to her L-shaped desk and half sat, half leaned on one end, making sure she couldn't ignore him. "Miss Browne," he said and when she looked up quickly he smiled. He'd used her tactic, inserting formality into the situation, knowing it would get her attention. "Golden," he said now that she was looking right at him, "I owe you an apology. My behavior was inexcusable."

"But...why?" She tilted her head as she regarded him, a tiny furrow between her brows. "You've never been like this before."

Reed grimaced then he expelled his breath. He needed to give her an explanation but he would have to be less than honest. He didn't want to make things worse and honesty would send her running, he had no doubt about that. "I had a rough time on my last trip," he said. "The deal I was working on, it fell through. It threw me upside down and I took it out on you. Sorry."

"Oh, I'm so sorry," she said, looking genuinely perplexed. "It won't affect your existing business, will it?"

"No, everything else is good. It will be business as usual." He slid off the desk and thrust his hands into his pockets as he looked down at her. "But I do need you to work a bit later this evening, if you can. My four-day absence means I'm backed up on some of my projects. Can you stay?"

"Of course," she said, her face breaking into a smile. "I'll do whatever it takes to get you back on track."

"Thank you," he said, glad she seemed appeased. "I just need a couple more hours today and then you'll be free to go." Then he paused, wanting to say more but not sure how she would take his next suggestion. There was nothing to it but to plunge in. "I'd like to make things up to you," he said then gave her a rueful smile. "You know, for my bad behavior today. When we get done here may I take you out for a quick dinner?" When she raised her eyebrows in surprise he added, "Nothing fancy. Just a meal so you don't have to worry about fixing something when you get home."

Her eyes twinkled as she smiled back at him. "I would love that," she said. "I'll just have to call home to tell Mother I'll be late."

After that it was smooth sailing. Golden's mood improved tremendously, as did his, and they ended up getting the work done earlier than he'd expected. By six-thirty he was walking into Roka with Golden by his side. There they enjoyed a meal of teriyaki chicken, shiitaki rice and roast ginger eggplant.

When the dessert arrived he teased her about how funny she was, getting excited because they had creme brulee on the menu. When she gave him a shy smile and then looked away it reminded him of how young she was. "You're twenty, right?" He asked and when she nodded he continued. "So when are you going to be twenty-one? I bet you're looking forward to that. You'll be a real adult, then. No fake ID to get a drink whenever you visit Georgia."

He was surprised when her answer was a slight grimace. Somehow the idea of turning twenty-one didn't seem to excite her. In fact, he would almost describe the emotion that flashed across her face as fear.

"I'll be twenty-one in a month and a half," she said, the laughter gone from her eyes.

He frowned. "You don't seem happy about it."

She bit her lip then sighed. "I'm not," she said finally. "Before I reach twenty-one I'll have to marry a man I hardly even know."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

"Come again?" Reed stared at her, shock ripping through him like lightning. "What did you say?"

"I have to get married," she said, her face the picture of despair, "before I hit twenty-one. It's in my father's will."

"What the hell are you talking about? That doesn't make any sense." He reached up to rake his fingers through his hair. "Not in this day and age."

"Not to you, it doesn't. But to my father..." Her mouth twisted sadly and then she gave a sigh. "Before he died my father told me that he'd arranged for me to marry a kind, responsible man, a good friend who he said would manage the money he'd left and take good care of me."

"An arranged marriage?" Reed could not believe what he was hearing.

Golden nodded, a pained expression on her face. "My father was very old fashion. You'd think this was the Victorian age, the way he carried on. I loved my father but he was a bit...eccentric." She paused, her gaze unfocused like she was remembering her father. Then she blinked. "Father didn't think women could manage money." She smiled wryly. "His experience with mother was not very reassuring." She drew in her breath then let it out on a sigh. "Anyway, the long and short of it is that I'm to marry Lord Mountbatten before I hit my twenty-first birthday. If not, the money in my trust fund goes to my mother and there's no way I can let that happen."

"Because?"

Her eyebrows flew up and she looked at him like he'd asked the stupidest question in the world. "Because then it would all go to Manchester. I can't allow that. He controls every cent my mother has now. Can you imagine what he would do with another nine million pounds?"

"Nine mil..." Reed stared at Golden. The girl had nine million pounds at her disposal but you'd never tell, not the way she carried herself so humble and reserved. His mind homed in on her dilemma and he frowned. "So you're going to marry this man so you can inherit the money."

She drew in her breath and when she let it out her shoulders sagged. "Yes."

"You're going to sacrifice yourself to this man," he said, watching her face intently, "for the money."

"Yes," she said sadly, "but not for the money. For my mother."

"For your mother?"

"Yes. Don't you see? The only way I can save my mother from that beast is if I keep the money out of his hands. That way, once I convince her to leave him I can provide for her, give her the comfort she's used to." She grimaced. "Assuming I'll be able to convince her of that. She's so in awe of him."

"But for you to have to marry this man just so you can get your money?" He snorted in disgust. "What kind of a father traps his daughter in a situation like that?" He was about to say more but the stricken look on Golden's face made him can it. Obviously, she loved her father regardless of his idiotic stipulations. It was not his place to criticize. Still, there had to be some way to get around this.

"Can you get me a copy of the will?" he asked. "I'd like my lawyer to have a look, if you don't mind. There must be some loophole that would allow you to get your money without having to marry this man."

"I...don't have a copy," she said. "I never saw the will. All I know is what my father told me." Absentmindedly she twisted the napkin in her hands. "I could ask my mother. She has it locked away in the safety deposit box. Although...she'd want to know why I want a copy of it."

"Tell her you want to review it before your twenty-first birthday to make sure you're clear on all the conditions. I'm sure she'll buy that."

"Okay," she said, her voice still doubtful. "I'll try." And then she gave him a tremulous smile.

The meal over, Reed drove Golden back to the office then walked her to her car. She surprised him when she laid a hand on his arm.

"Thank you," she said, "for offering to help. It means a lot to me."

"You're very welcome." He looked down at her as she leaned against her car but where he was expecting relief, on her face was a sadness he could not understand. Was she still worried about her fate? "Why so sad?" he asked gently. "I'm sure my lawyer will figure things out."

"I know," she said as she slid her hands from his arm and rested it on the window. "It's not that. I was thinking about Claire, my friend." She gave a soft sigh. "I feel so bad. I was the one who made her sick."

"How so?"

"She had a stroke but it was because she was upset. It was my fault, meddling in her business. I was trying to reconcile her with the daughter she hadn't seen in six years." She shook her head. "It ended up upsetting her so much that she had the stroke."

"That's what she told you?"

"No. In fact, the doctors said it had nothing to do with that but I don't believe them." The corners of her mouth turned down. "It was my fault."

She looked so forlorn that Reed wanted to take her into his arms and comfort her. He wanted her to know that everything would be all right.

At that moment he knew he was probably being the biggest fool on earth but that was a risk he was prepared to take as long as he could steal one more kiss. Ignoring the alarm bells going off in his head Reed leaned forward and rested his hands on the top of the car door on either side of Golden's head, effectively trapping her in place.

She lifted her face to him. She knew exactly what he was about to do and she was not going to stop him. He could see it in the longing in her eyes, the soft parting of her lips. She wanted the comfort of his lips on hers and he would not deny her.

Sliding his hands from the car he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close then he dropped his head to capture her willing mouth. This time he did not tempt and tease. He wanted her, needed her so bad that this time he would not hold back.

He pressed his lips against hers and as she melted against him, her hands sliding around to circle his waist, he deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue into her moist depth.

As their tongues touched she moaned and her arms around him tightened. She leaned into him, pressing her body against his, seeming desperate to lose herself in his embrace, to forget all her troubles in the passion of his kiss.

He did his best not to disappoint. Tilting forward he pressed her back against the car, never breaking the kiss, one hand sliding up to cradle her head while the other gently stroked her hip.

When he finally pulled his lips from hers she hid her face against his shoulder, her breath escaping in shallow pants as her body trembled against his.

She was a passionate one, this girl, so endearing in her eager innocence.

Reed almost groaned as he held her close. More than anything, he wanted to make sure never to hurt her.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

"I'm sorry, Claire. Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?"

"For what? What nonsense are you blabbing about now, child?" Claire popped a grape into her mouth and when she bit down a tiny spray shot from between her lips. She laughed and dabbed at her mouth with a tissue. "These dentures. Make sure you take good care of your teeth. These things will embarrass you every time."

"Claire, I'm serious." Golden was almost pouting. Claire could be so difficult when she wanted to be. Her friend knew exactly what she was talking about but, for some reason, she'd decided to play dumb. As she sat across from Claire in the ground-floor canteen she pushed her salad plate away and folded her arms. "You know exactly what I mean. I won't be a busybody anymore. I promise." Then her face fell. "I didn't mean for you to get sick. Honest."

"Golden," Claire said, her face suddenly serious, "I'm going to say this one more time and this time I want you to listen. You're the best thing that's happened to me in years. And what you did last week, getting Marjorie to come visit, could not have happened at a better time."

If Claire had slapped her on the cheek Golden could not have been more surprised. "You're not angry about that?"

"No, I'm not. On the contrary, I'm proud of you. You knew I was being an old fool and you took steps to correct that."

"But...but you got upset. You threw the brownies at Marjorie. You got a stroke."

"I know, I know." Claire waved her hands dismissively. "So I'm an old tyrant. That's how I've always been. And I have a hot temper. That's just me. You should know that by now."

"But how do you go from being upset to this? You're so...mellow." Golden shook her head in confusion. "I thought you'd hate me for causing your stroke."

"Now you stop that. You did not cause that stroke. I brought it on myself, eating those brownies all at once. My body can't take all that sugar."

"What brownies? Not the ones Marjorie brought? You threw them at her. They fell on the floor."

"Only a couple of them fell out. I ate all the rest and boy, were they good." Her eyes sparkled and she licked her lips like she was devouring the brownies all over again. "I think it was the sugar shock that did me in. Ten brownies at one go was too much for this old body to handle." She shook her head. "I was never strong in the self-control department."

Leaning forward, Claire put her elbows on the table and rested her chin in her palm. "Do you know what, though? That stroke served a good purpose. It was like a smack to the forehead. A wake-up call, as they say."

Golden leaned forward, too. "What are you saying?"

"I'm saying if I hadn't looked death in the eyes I wouldn't have faced up to the fact that I'll be gone soon and when you're dead, you're dead. No more chances to make things right." She lifted her head then leaned back in her chair but although her body looked relaxed her eyes were intense. "All these years I've been the worst fool, carrying my ex-husband in my heart, hating him, punishing Marjorie for loving him. I was hurt by both of them. Her father, I still don't like, but Marjorie...I've been holding a grudge against my own daughter."

Claire's eyes grew misty as she spoke. "I was in shock when I saw her last week and I guess that's why I reacted the way I did. I'd been holding on to my anger so long it exploded as soon as the fuse was lit. But it was the stroke that made me realize I'm nothing but an ass. I could be dead now and I wouldn't have told Marjorie how I really feel about her."

"And...how is that?"

"I love her, Golden. You know that. That's why you got her to come here to see me. Except that I made shambles of that experiment," she gave Golden a rueful smile, "because of my pride." She reached out to take Golden's hands. "Can you help me? Get her to come back and see me."

Golden clasped the withered hands. "Are you sure?" She stared at her friend and as she did, a worrying thought entered her mind. Was Claire showing signs of senility? How could she move from explosive rage, throwing things at her daughter, chasing her away, and not a week later ask to see her again? "Do you know what you're saying, Claire?" she pressed.

Claire tightened her lips then pushed them out in a pout. She pulled her hand from Golden's grasp. "Don't patronize me, child. I know exactly what I'm saying. Now go and convince Marjorie to come back. Tell her I'm ready to see her."

"I'll try." Golden gave her a slow nod, knowing she would do that and more but wondering if, now that Claire was ready, Marjorie would be willing to forgive.

***

The day after Golden had given Reed a copy of the will he called her into his office. Slowly, she got up from her desk, steeling herself for bad news.

It had been a task, getting her mother to make her a copy. It had taken three days of pleading before Eugenia got the original from the safety deposit box and had a copy made. Immediately, Golden handed it over to Reed and he must have shown it to his lawyer right away because here he was, a little over twenty-four hours later, calling her to discuss the document in question.

As soon as she pushed the door and stepped into his office he waved her toward the chair across from him. Quickly, she slid onto the seat and looked at him, her heart pounding in anticipation of his next words. Had the lawyer found a way to rescue her from impending imprisonment, marriage to a man who was more than twice her age? She couldn't read a thing in Reed's expression.

"Did you even look at the will?" he asked once she'd settled into the chair.

"N...no. I...I was so relieved to get it from Mother I just stuck it in my bag and next morning I took it straight to you." She frowned. "Is something wrong? Is it...worse than I thought?" Then her eyes widened as a thought struck her. "Did the date pass? Was I supposed to do this when I was eighteen?"

Reed shook his head. "No, nothing like that. But there is one surprising thing about this will." As he rested back in his chair, his elbows on the arms, he tented his fingers. "You said the will requires you to marry your father's friend, a man selected by him. Lord Mountbatten."

"Yes," Golden said, her eyes searching Reed's face but not finding any clue to where this was going. "And he already called my mother twice this month. He wants me to go and see him." She looked down at her hands. "Thank God she didn't breathe a word to Manchester."

"Well, you're wrong."

At his words, Golden jerked her head up. "Wrong? Manchester knows he's been calling?"

"No, I'm not talking about that. You're wrong that you're required to marry Lord Mountbatten before you turn twenty-one."

"But..." she stared at him, confused. "But that was what my father told me. If I want to inherit the money I have to get married before I turn twenty-one."

"Yes, but not to Lord Mountbatten."

Golden's heart lurched. Was a miracle about to take place? Could she inherit the money without sacrificing herself? But then his words came back to her again - yes, but not to Lord Mountbatten. So she would still have to marry. "Then to whom?" She held her breath, praying it wasn't someone even worse.

"To anyone you choose. Or, at least, anyone you can find who'll agree to marry you on such short notice." He gave her a tight smile. "One month is not a long time."

"So I don't have to marry Lord Mountbatten?" Golden slid forward in the chair. Was she dreaming? "I can marry anyone I want?"

Reed nodded. "You can." Then he let the document he was holding fall on top of the desk. "Sorry we couldn't get you totally out of this. Your father wrote a tight will but at least he didn't record Mountbatten's name. He probably wanted to steer you in the direction of an older, more responsible man and that was why he told you to choose his old friend. You can thank your luck stars he didn't put that part in writing."

A slow smile crept onto Golden's lips and then her face broke into a wide grin. "Thank you. Thank you so much." She had to fight to keep her bottom on the seat. All she wanted to do right then was jump up and fling her arms around him. It was like he'd saved her from a fate worse than death.

And he'd opened a whole new world of possibilities. She could marry any man she wanted, any one who would agree to take that step with her. And she already had one in mind.

The only man who had ever made her heart leap inside her chest was sitting right across from her. The only man she would consider marrying was Reed Davidoff.

The only question was, would he want to marry her?

CHAPTER NINETEEN

"Paris, here I come." Golden laughed out loud as she threw the rest of her clothes into the suitcase and snapped it shut.

Reed had asked her to accompany him to Paris during Fashion Week where he would launch a new line designed by his recently appointed fashion director. And, an unexpected bonus for her, he'd given her all of six brand new haute couture gowns that she could wear to the shows in Paris. She'd never been blessed with such generosity in her life and that made her love him all the more.

She had to admit, though, that things had been strange between them for the past week, ever since she got the news of the loophole in her father's will.

Probably because she now saw Reed as a possible marriage partner, she'd felt herself growing closer and closer to him. He, on the other hand, seemed to be pulling away. Not literally, of course, but there were days when he shut himself away in his office, not even coming out to exchange a few pleasantries as he would normally do. Still, she didn't let it worry her too much. He probably had a lot on his mind.

And anyway, she'd come up with a sensible plan. It was still a few weeks before her twenty-first birthday so there was still time. Not much, but enough for her to wait for the perfect moment when she could share her thoughts with him.

Until then she would enjoy each moment and right now the highlight of her life was this trip to Paris, her first venture outside of England since she'd arrived six years earlier. She'd been so sheltered but now that she was a working woman who could stop her from spreading her wings? Certainly not Dunstan Manchester.

And she was not disappointed. The Paris show was the most spectacular she'd ever seen, even more breathtaking than the one she'd been involved in, the one that had led to her meeting her boss who now sat by her side. She'd been given a place of honor, the seat right next to Reed, a place she wished she could have for the rest of her life.

But that thought was for another place, another time. Shaking her head to clear her wayward thoughts, she turned her attention back to the display of tall, lanky models strutting and posing on the runway.

Long after the show was done the celebration continued in Reed's penthouse suite in the Shangri-La. He'd invited all the staff members to celebrate, Golden included.

"Had fun at the show?"

Golden turned to see Michael, the new show director, holding two glasses of champagne. He handed one to her.

"Yes," she said, "it was wonderful. I'm sure all the buyers were impressed. I know I was." She meant every word.

Michael, looking pleased with her praise, raised his glass. "Cheers," he said, "to success. And much more to come."

She laughed and raised her glass to touch his then brought it to her lips. As she sipped she was still smiling, her eyes flitting over Michael's fashionably shaggy blond head to something that was drawing her gaze like a magnet.

And that was when she saw Reed, so handsome in his stark-white suit, his blue eyes piercing in their intensity. Even from across the room Golden could feel the heat of his gaze. It was like he was seeing no-one else but her. Suddenly feeling self-conscious, she blushed and lowered her gaze.

For the rest of the night as she wandered around the suite, conversing with her co-workers, members of the media and Reed's guests, Golden was hardly aware of anything else but Reed. How she wished the crowd would disappear, leaving them alone, just the two of them. Only then could Reed grant her wish. She wanted him to kiss her again.

The gods must have been on Golden's side. As if by some unseen signal the guests began to filter out. Not all in a rush, of course, but a couple left first and then a lone staff member and then a group of four. The media personnel began gathering up their equipment and then they began saying their goodbyes and heading out, too.

Golden's eyes flew to Reed. Did he have something to do with this or was she just imagining things?

Glancing at her watch she saw that it was already eight minutes after eleven o'clock. Well, no wonder everyone was leaving. It was late and they'd be heading back to England the next morning. As much as she wanted to stay she'd better follow the example of the others and head back to her hotel room.

Feeling deflated that the evening had come to an end she walked over to where Reed stood talking with his marketing director. "Excuse me," she said, giving the director an apologetic smile then turning to Reed, "I just wanted to say goodnight."

"You're not leaving yet." It wasn't a question but a statement.

Golden raised her eyebrows. "Well, I..."

"I need to discuss something with you. Can you hold on for just a few minutes?" He didn't wait for her answer but turned to the man standing beside him. "Dan, can you excuse me? We can finish our talk tomorrow."

"Sure, no problem. Tomorrow's good." He bid Golden goodnight and as he turned to leave he called out to Ben and Stacey, two members of his team who were still lounging in front of the television, deep in conversation. "Let's go, chaps. Time to scoot. We've got to get up with the sun."

After Dan had left, taking the last two guests with him, Golden turned to face Reed. "What was it you wanted to discuss?" she asked, the pace of her heart quickening, hope rising inside. Did he want to discuss business or did he just want to see her? She hoped it was the latter.

"Why don't you make yourself comfortable?" he asked, waving her over to the gigantic couch facing the wall-sized television screen. "What would you like? Wine? More champagne?"

"I don't think I should have anything else," she said. "I already had a whole glass of champagne and I might get dizzy."

Reed only laughed. "You're not driving. You'll be all right. I'll get you something."

He turned, leaving her standing in the middle of the room. There was nothing left to do but go and sit in the couch as he'd instructed.

When Reed returned he was carrying two glasses of white wine. He sank down onto the couch and held one of the glasses out to her. "Here you go," he said. "This will calm your nerves."

She took it from him. "How did you know?" He must have seen her agitation even while he was so calm and collected. Gratefully, she took a sip. Right now she needed her wits about her and if this would help, she would gladly partake.

He smiled, not drinking, just watching her. "I know you," he said softly, "and I know exactly what you need right now."

Golden clutched the stem of her glass as she stared back at him. "You do?"

"I do," he said with a chuckle then reached out to take the glass from her nerveless fingers. "Right now what you want is to be kissed." He smiled and it was a slow, seductive smile. "And I'm the perfect man to fulfill your desire."

Reed deposited the wine glasses on the coffee table then leaned over to curve his arm around Golden's shoulder, pulling her into his embrace. He bent his head, his breath warm against her cheek then his lips traced a path across to her ear where he began to nibble at the lobe.

Golden gasped, the sensation so stirring, the teasing so tantalizing that she couldn't help but respond. Hardly knowing what she was doing she slid a trembling hand over the silky fabric of his shirt, feeling the hard pectoral muscles beneath her fingers, reaching up until she was clinging to his strong shoulder.

As if in answer to her unspoken prayer Reed let his lips slide back to her mouth where he kissed her with such ardor that when he finally drew back she was left breathless and panting in his arms.

"I want you, Golden." His voice was a hoarse whisper as he gazed down at her. "So bad, you would never imagine."

She lifted her head and looked deep into his eyes. "And I want you," she dared to whisper.

With a groan that sounded like frustration he lowered his head again but this time it was to kiss her cheeks, the column of her neck and to her shock and gratitude, the tops of her br**sts exposed by the V neckline of her dress.

Instantly her ni**les hardened and instinctively she reached up to pull him into her, clutching the back of his head, pressing him against her. Oh goodness, she wanted more. So much more. There was a tension building inside and she felt she would die if she didn't find release.

And then, even as her heart pumped like it was nearing the finish line, he made it race even faster when he slid his lips down across the mounds of her br**sts, closer and closer to that so sensitive part of her. Her sensitive buds stood at attention, aching in anticipation of his kiss. It was a sensation she'd never known before but she wanted it. She wanted him. She could not wait a moment longer.

At the thought of his lips on her ni**les her mouth went dry and another more intimate part suddenly grew moist. She gasped at this other shock, another startling reaction by her body in response to his touch.

Golden moaned and slid lower in the couch, tilting her body back to grant him greater access. It was like she could not get enough of Reed's caress.

She was lost, over the crest of the hill and there was no turning back. She didn't want to. Tonight she would let the man of her dreams, Reed Davidoff, make a real woman of her.

Eyes closed tight she waited for him to tug at her dress, pulling the top down that one last inch, exposing her fully to his gaze. She waited. And waited. And then she felt him pull back. Then he was straightening the top of her dress and sliding the spaghetti strap back onto her shoulder.

Her eyes snapped back open. "What's wrong?" Heart sinking, she searched his face. "Did I...do something wrong?"

He shook his head as he turned away from her. "Not you," he said. "It's me. I can't do this. I don't want to take advantage of you."

"But you're not," she protested. "I want this, just as much as you do." She reached out to touch him on the arm. "Please, Reed. Don't stop now."

He looked at her then, his eyes flashing with fiery emotion. "I won't do it, Golden. Not like this."

She could see that he was resolute. No amount of pleading would make him change his mind. Slowly, she drew her hand away. "Then maybe you'll do it," she said softly, "under other circumstances."

She reached for him again but this time it was to take his hand in hers. "Reed Davidoff, would you do me the honor of being my husband?"

CHAPTER TWENTY

Shock shooting through him, Reed jerked his hand from Golden's grasp, his jaw slack as he stared at her. "What did you say?" He could only imagine that his ears must be playing tricks on his.

"I just asked you to marry me," she said and she was staring directly at him, not blinking, looking like she meant it.

"You're not serious?"

"Of course I'm serious. Why wouldn't I be? I..." A shadow fell across her face and her confident air suddenly vanished. "I thought you liked me."

Reed almost groaned. Now how was he to answer that one? Of course he liked her. In fact, what he was feeling for her was a whole lot more than liking. But what good would it do to tell her that? All it would do was hurt her even more.

When he didn't answer she reached for him again and at the touch of her delicate hand his heart sank, knowing the hurt that was to come.

"You don't...want to marry me, then?"

Her voice was faint with hopelessness and distress and he felt his heart wrench inside his chest. There was nothing he could do but be honest.

"I can't," he said, his voice low and bitter. "I'm already married to someone else."

***

Golden felt the blood rush from her head. Suddenly she felt faint. Blinking, she put a hand to her forehead and fell back against the couch. She felt like the air had been punched out of her lungs.

She couldn't move, she couldn't speak, she could not even breathe. She'd been thrown into a nightmare that was worse than any she could have imagined. The man she loved was already taken. He'd already given his heart to someone else.

And then it hit her. He'd been misleading her the whole time she'd known him. Reed Davidoff had been leading her on.

And in the midst of her devastation, red-hot rage began to rise in her breast. She turned toward him, angry heat blazing in her face. "How could you? You made me think you were interested in me. You made me think you were free." She dropped her gaze to his left hand. "You're not even wearing a wedding ring."

"I know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you."

"Then what did you mean to do?" she spat and shot up from the seat. She could not bear to sit by him one minute longer. "You kissed me, you made me want you, you made me fall in love-" She broke off, suddenly realizing she was saying too much.

Clenching her fists by her side, her body rigid with rage, she glared down at him. "I hate you, Reed Davidoff. I hope I never set eyes on you again."

Before the last word left her lips she spun around and flew to the door.

"Golden."

The sound of Reed's shout filled her ears but she did not stop. Golden ran, not even stopping to get the elevator. She flew toward the stairs and ran down, down, until she got to her floor.

Finally, weak from shock and weary from her flight, she dragged herself to her door, tears streaming down her cheeks.

Reed Davidoff had hurt her like she'd never been hurt before. She didn't think she would ever get over it.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Golden didn't know how she survived the flight back to England in the same plane as Reed, in the same plane as his team. She'd had to pretend that everything was fine, laughing at their jokes, joining in their conversations from time to time. She'd pasted a smile on her face for the entire flight when all she wanted to do was hide herself inside a hole and cry.

When the plane landed in London and their papers had been checked Golden made a quick exit, not wanting to prolong her torture one minute longer than necessary. Reed called after her but she ignored him, sighing with relief only when she was safely ensconced within the four walls of her car.

It was when she was driving home that she gave free flow to her emotions, her shoulders shaking with sobs as she slowly drove home. When the flood of tears threatened to blind her she pulled over to the side of the road, switched off the engine and hugged the steering wheel to her chest. Then she cried like she would never stop.

Thank God when she got home everybody was out. She didn't have the strength to face anyone right then. She dragged herself up to her room and locked the door, grateful for the solitude and the solace of her bed.

Next day Golden woke at six in the morning as she always did but this time she did not hop out of bed and rush off to prepare for work. For a long time she just lay there staring at the ceiling, wondering if she would ever feel normal again.

Seven o'clock came and she was still lying there. Eight o'clock came and she still hadn't moved. There were no more tears. She'd shed them all the night before. Now, though, there was a numbness that made her feel like a shell filled with lead.

She jumped when she heard a pounding at her door.

"Golden, aren't you going to work today?"

At the sound of her mother's voice she groaned then pressed her cheek into the pillow. "No, mother," she said loudly, forcing a hint of life into her voice. "No work today."

"Oh." Eugenia sounded surprised. "All right, then. Get some rest. I imagine you're tired from your trip." Then her footsteps sounded, padding away from the door and down the hallway.

Golden was not disturbed again until nine o'clock when her cell phone rang, exactly thirty minutes after she should have reported to work. She didn't even have to look at the screen to know who it was. She did not pick up the phone and she did not answer.

Golden closed her eyes and she did not open them again until almost ten o'clock when her tummy began to growl. She sighed. No matter that her emotional world had just disintegrated her physical being still demanded attention. She rolled out of the bed and headed for the bathroom.

She dragged on sweat pants and an old T-shirt and went downstairs to make herself a quick breakfast. A glance around told her there was no-one in the kitchen. Grateful, she dashed in and filled a bowl with cereal and almond milk then she grabbed a spoon and beat a fast retreat back to her room.

She'd finished eating and had returned to the refuge of her bed when she heard a car pull up to the house. Darn. She knew that sound. It was her stepfather's car that had just purred to a stop in front of the house. Golden's heart sank. She'd hoped he'd be out for the day. She was not looking forward to being in the same house with him for the next several hours.

She was so intent on avoiding her stepfather that she didn't even return her empty bowl to the kitchen. Instead, she rinsed both bowl and spoon in her bathroom sink then laid them out on top of her chest of drawers. Now what? She looked around the room and her eyes landed on a book she'd bought weeks earlier but hadn't had time to finish. And it was a good read, too. Now would be the perfect time to lose herself in the pages of a romantic story set in the time of the Vikings. Maybe it would take her away from her own troubles.

She was all the way up to chapter ten, in the middle of a scene where the noble Viking had just kidnapped the daughter of his nemesis, when her cell phone began to buzz. This time she did pick it up and when she glanced at the screen she saw that it was exactly who she thought it would be. Well, Reed Davidoff could call all he wanted. She would never give him the satisfaction of an answer.

She dropped the phone on the bed, picked up her book and flipped to the next page, intent on submerging herself in a story she knew would have a happy ending. She would not let Reed spoil her day.

Golden was in the middle of chapter fifteen when there was another disturbance and she was forced to pause. Someone was ringing the doorbell. Once, twice, three times it rang. Golden frowned. Where was her mother? Where was Manchester? Why didn't someone answer the door?

Breathing a heavy sigh she marked her page and headed out the door. She hoped it wasn't one of those awful door-to-door salesmen pushing carpet cleaning services or lawn care. She wasn't in the mood.

Golden swung the door open, the prepared arguments already forming in her mind. They had hard wood and stone floors and they had a gardener. Whatever they were selling, she didn't need it.

She didn't get a chance to use either one. She found herself staring up into Reed's steely-blue eyes. "Reed," she gasped then snapped her mouth shut. Then she remembered to glare at him. "What do you want?"

He took a step closer, his frame filling up the front door, forcing her to take a step backward. "Why didn't you show up at work today?"

Tilting her face up, she met his stare. "I'm not coming back. I quit."

His frown deepened. "You can't just walk off the job like that. Your employment contract says you need to give two weeks' notice."

"Under the circumstances," she countered, her tone biting, "no notice is necessary. I cannot work for a man I don't trust."

The blue in Reed's eyes grew dark, his pupils dilating in anger. His lips parted as if he were about to speak and that was when she heard the voices drifting in from the back of the house. It sounded like her mother and Manchester had just opened the garden door and were entering the house, deep in conversation.

Golden's hand shot out and she pushed Reed backward and away from the front door. Quickly, she followed him out the door and pulled it shut behind her.

"What's going-"

"Shh. We can't talk here. Just get in your car and take me down the lane."

The last thing she wanted was for Manchester to find Reed on his doorstep. If given the chance her stepfather would draw him in and ply him with questions and, knowing how manipulative the older man was, he would soon have Reed on his side.

She was hurrying with Reed to his car when she remembered what she was wearing. Her face colored as she realized the picture she must have made when she opened the door to the unexpected visitor. Sweat pants and an old T-shirt? She was still wearing bedroom slippers, for goodness sake. It was a good thing they were out in the country, in a region remote enough where they could drive along a tiny road and not see anyone. She would make him pull over at the most convenient point, let him say his piece and then he could be on his way. And that would be that. She would never see Reed again.

At that thought the bravado seeped out of her and her heart began to slide from its resting place down to the bottom of her stomach. She would never see Reed again. She almost came to a halt. She knew he was lost to her, he could never be hers, but still...the thought made her lift her fingers to her lips. She could feel a sob rising and she could not let it escape.

Head down, Golden slid into the passenger's seat and watched as Reed walked around to the driver's side. She drew in a few surreptitious breaths and by the time he got in and started the car she'd regained a tentative hold on her emotions.

He glanced at her. "Where to?"

"Just drive along there," she said, jerking her chin toward the small road that branched off from theirs. "If you need to talk to me you can do it there." He set off and when they got to a grassy bank shaded by trees she told him to stop.

Even after the car had rolled to a halt Reed said nothing. He just sat there, his hands still on the wheel, staring at the foliage in front of him.

Golden glanced over at Reed, waiting for him to speak. When nothing came she twisted in the seat, her body turned toward him. "Why did you come to see me?" she asked, her voice surprisingly calm. "You know I can't work for you anymore."

"I came here," he said, his voice heavy, "to explain."

"What's there to explain? You're married and that's all that counts in this conversation."

"No," he said, shaking his head. "I have to make you understand. It's not the way you think."

"Not the way I think?"

"No, I...was drunk. My buddies and I were in Vegas for Spring Break. I met this girl and..." he looked away, out onto the deserted road, "I...got hitched. I hardly even knew who she was. I just met her that night."

He sighed then turned to Golden. "I've been trying to find the girl but I've got next to nothing to go on. All I know is, her name is Carrie."

Golden frowned. Was this man serious? "Do you expect me to believe that?" She looked at him askance.

"Whether you believe it or not it's true." Reed's voice was an exasperated growl. "I'm trying to find her to ask her for a divorce. I have to get out of that before I even consider anyone else."

Golden tilted her head to one side as she peered into his face, trying to read his eyes. "And you were how old when this happened?"

Reed's lips twisted and his fists tightened on the steering wheel. "All of twenty-two. Old enough to know better."

"So you've been in this situation all these years and you're just trying to remedy it? Why now?"

"I was a fool. When I couldn't find her next day and a week after that and then a month after that I just pushed it to the back of my mind, pretended it didn't exist." He drew in his breath then slowly expelled it. "I just moved on with my life, acting like it never happened."

For a moment Golden did nothing but stare at him, incredulous. "You've been keeping this a secret all this time? You spoke to no-one about this? What about your lawyer?"

He glanced over at her, probably to check if she was buying his story, but she was having a hard time swallowing what he was dishing out. "My older brother knows about it. I told him about it a year after it happened. He said I should deal with it but I ignored him."

"And your lawyer?"

"It was stupid but I just wanted to handle it myself. When I was ready." He shrugged. "I guess it was the embarrassment...the shame. I didn't want anybody to know what a goddamn bozo I've been." His jaw clenched and his frown deepened. "And then there was the denial. I was living like it never happened. I never even stopped to consider the seriousness of what I'd done. It wasn't that important. Until now."

Until now. His words reverberated in her mind. Did those words have anything to do with her?

But she would never know because Reed's lips tightened and he said no more. And she would never ask.

Finally, Reed released his fingers and let his hands slide away from the steering wheel. He turned his face to look at her with dismal eyes. "I'm sorry," he said, his voice dead and flat.

Golden felt her heart tremble. "I'm sorry, too," she said as the clouds of despair gathered around her. His tone was so final, so cold.

But maybe it was a good thing. It would make things easier for her, easier to do what she had to do.

She knew without a doubt that she would never return to Davidoff Fashions. She also knew it was time to accept the inevitable.

Before the day was over she would contact Lord Mountbatten.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Just do what you have to do, Golden. Do what you have to do.

Golden shook her head. Her pep talk was not working. Her stomach was still churning as she sat in the car staring at Lord Mountbatten's manor house, trying to work up the courage to get out.

She'd called him the day Reed had made his surprise visit. Now, as they'd arranged on the phone, she was here to meet him to discuss arrangements for their marriage. She knew this was the right thing to do, the only thing. She just wished her heart would lift itself out of the depths of despair and help her face her fate without fear. Calling on every ounce of courage she possessed, Golden got out of the car and walked up the cobbled pathway to the front door. There she lifted the knocker to announce her arrival and with each bang she imagined the hammer coming down, driving the nails into the lid of the coffin that would be her life from here on.

The door opened and a plump, cheery-faced woman smiled at her. "Good day, Miss Browne. Please come in. Lord Mountbatten is expecting you." The woman, who could only be the housekeeper, ushered her in and led her into the stately home. Golden looked around the spacious entrance hall, her eyes roaming over the elegant furniture there, all obviously antiques, probably dating back a couple of centuries. Her eyes lingered on the portrait on the far wall, a man of exceptional height, noble-looking, with a severe mustache framing his upper lip, a patrician nose and black eyes that seemed to see right through her. Lord Mountbatten himself.

"Please follow me."

Golden tore her gaze from the formidable portrait and hurried to catch up to the woman who had set off down the hallway without her. The housekeeper took her through a maze of corridors until finally they stopped at a set of wooden double doors.

The housekeeper turned to her. "Lord Mountbatten will see you in his office." She turned away, grasped the handles of the heavy doors and pushed them open then with a tilt of her head she beckoned to Golden to enter.

Slowly, almost hesitantly, Golden stepped in. The 'office' was more like an enormous library, the walls lined with books from top to bottom. She took another step forward, eyes wide as she took in the opulent furnishings, the obviously expensive paintings on the walls. They couldn't be originals, could they?

There was a sudden movement and Golden's eyes jerked away from the paintings, her gaze drawn to the massive desk at the end of the room. The big black chair swiveled around and there she saw the stern-looking man, the living manifestation of the portrait she'd seen moments before. This man, though, was older, with strands of gray streaking his otherwise dark-brown hair.

"Golden, welcome," he said as if they were old friends, the rigid mask of his face relaxing into a smile. He got up from the chair and came forward to greet her, his hand outstretched.

Golden did not take another step. She just stood there, her eyes sliding up the height of him until she was gazing at his face. She'd known the man was tall but now, standing in the same room with him, she realized that he was taller than any man she knew, maybe as tall as six foot five.

She hadn't yet recovered from the shock when Lord Mountbatten took her hand in both of his, clasping it warmly like he was happy to see her.

"Please. Have a seat so we can talk."

Golden's lips twisted but she said nothing, letting him lead her to the Chippendale chair in front of his desk. Of course he was happy to see her. To him her face probably looked like the symbol of the pound sterling.

As she sank down onto the chair he stood back to regard her with a satisfied smile. "As soon as you turned twenty I started reaching out to you but you've been avoiding me all this time. You like to play games, saving things for the last minute." He chuckled. "Jeffrey warned me you could be stubborn but I'm glad you've finally decided to come around. Your father only had your best interest at heart."

Rubbing his hands together, Mountbatten stepped away and headed back to his chair.

As he did, a sullen thought crept into Golden's mind. Yes, when it came to her father she knew he'd had her best interest at heart. But Lord Mountbatten? The interest he had in this affair was most certainly his own.

Mountbatten planted his long-fingered hands on top of the desk and pulled his chair closer. A look of eager anticipation on his face, he gave her a Cheshire Cat smile.

"Now where do we begin?"

***

"What's the word, Max? Tell me you have something for me."

All Reed heard was a sigh on the other end of the line. Finally, his brother spoke. "Sorry, nothing yet."

"It's been two weeks, man. What's holding things up?" Reed couldn't keep the frustration out of his voice. There was something he needed to do and time was running out. "I thought you said this P.I. was one of the best."

"He is," Max, said with a grunt, "but what do you expect when all he's got to go on is a first name and a Spring Break location? You've got to give the man time to do his job."

"I don't have time," Reed said through gritted teeth. "That's a luxury I can't afford."

The response he got was silence. When Max spoke, his tone was one of annoyance. "So what's your rush all of a sudden? We're talking about something that happened more than three years ago. You let it sit all this time and now suddenly you can't resolve this fast enough?"

Reed knew his brother had a point but it didn't matter. He had to do what he had to do. "I told you, Max. I met a girl. I think...she's the one."

"A girl you met a month ago? Maybe two?" Max's voice said he was not impressed. "Sounds to me like this is another of your rush job love affairs."

"This one is different-"

"Grow up, Reed. It's time you took life seriously. You can't keep running around controlled by your dick-"

"Max." Reed cut him off. His brother was beginning to piss him off and right now he didn't want to go there. There were more important issues on the table. Urgent issues. "She's the one. I love her and I'll do anything to get her. But we have to do this fast. I've only got two weeks. Will you help me?"

Max gave a snort but then he went silent. Finally, he spoke. "All right. I'm taking Banner off the case. I'll be putting this in the hands of the best P.I. firm in the country. They'll get the job done. I'm sure of it."

At his brother's reassurance the tension in Reed's body eased. "Thanks, bro," he said. "This means a lot to me."

It meant more than a lot. If he could resolve this problem it could change the rest of his life. He would do everything in his power to make it happen...before it was too late.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

"But you don't even like him. Why in the world would you want to do that?" Eyes wide, Eugenia regarded Golden with a look that said she was convinced her daughter was off her rocker.

"Mother, I have to. You know what will happen if I don't marry now. My inheritance goes to you and you know what that means."

"But dear, that doesn't matter." Eugenia put a hand on Golden's shoulder. "It would still be our money, mine and yours. The good thing is, Dunstan would give us advice on how to invest it. He's a man. He knows about these things."

Golden almost laughed but it would have been a sad laugh, reflective of the sorry situation she was in. How could her mother be so clueless? He was a man so that qualified him as an investment adviser? And why was Eugenia in denial? The man already had control of her assets. What made her think he wouldn't take control of this new access to even more cash?

Gently, she reached out and lifted Eugenia's hand from her shoulder and got up from the kitchen table. "I have to go now, Mother."

"Where?" she asked as her eyes searched Golden's face. "You haven't made a final decision, have you? You will think about what I said?"

Golden forced a smile. "Yes, mother, I'll think about it."

"Please, dear, don't hurry into marriage with Lord Mountbatten just because of the will. There's really no need to rush." She stood up, her face earnest. "Dunstan is a good man. He will take care of you. I promise."

Golden could only nod, words failing her. She'd thought the situation was sad but it was past that. It was pathetic. She had a mother who was so blind to the truth, so brainwashed by her husband, she couldn't even think straight.

The realization only strengthened her resolve. If she was to save her mother she had to get her hand on that money.

And whatever it took, she would do it.

***

"Thank God." Reed dropped his forehead onto his palm and his body sagged with relief. "I thought it would never happen."

"Well it did, so get your tail out here first thing tomorrow and deal with your business.'

"I'll be there tonight," Reed told Max. "I haven't got a moment to lose."

Within hours he was in the air, his private jet on its way to the United States. The firm Max had put on the case, Accelerated Investigation Services, had delivered as promised, tracking Carrie down in Massachusetts. Carrie Kingston, now a registered nurse at Mount Auburn Hospital. She'd been a junior when he'd met her in Las Vegas. He could thank his lucky stars that he'd finally remembered, or at least come close, to the name of the college she'd been attending when they met. She'd mentioned it in passing but it had totally slipped his memory until four days earlier. He'd been in the bathroom shaving, the TV on in the bedroom, when he'd heard a commercial that made him snap to attention. Hershey's Chocolate. Hershey? Hershey College.

Face covered in foam he'd shot to the phone and called Max immediately. That, it turned out, had been exactly what they'd needed, a piece of the puzzle that gave them a location and, better yet, an institution to which to tie the mystery woman.

And now he would see her again. All he had to do was get her to free him from the prison he'd locked himself in.

Next morning, drained by jetlag but not letting that stop him, Reed was on his way to the Cambridge address provided by the P.I. firm. They'd already made contact with Carrie Kingston and she was expecting him at nine o'clock.

He got to Lowell Street with fifteen minutes to spare. He parked on the street a short distance from the house and sat in the car, anxious to hop out and ring the doorbell but loathe to disturb her before the appointed time.

When it finally came around to nine o'clock Reed was already standing on the front porch, ringing the doorbell. It opened immediately and there in the doorway stood the girl he remembered, not looking a day older than when he'd last seen her, and she was smiling.

"Reed. I never thought I'd see you again. Come on in." Still smiling, she stepped back. "I was in shock when I heard you were trying to track me down."

Reed was in shock, too, at such a warm reception. He'd expected confusion or resentment and even anger. After all, he'd married the woman and then abandoned her. But this?

Carrie ushered him into her comfortably furnished living room where she directed him to a fat plaid sofa. "Have a seat. I'll get you something to drink. Coffee? Tea?" She gave him an alluring smile. "I guess it's too early for a beer."

"Uh, I'm good, thanks. I don't need anything right now." Reed could feel a bead of sweat running down his back. This was too easy. Too good to be true. Why was she being so friendly? He had the uneasy feeling that things would soon take a turn for the worse.

Carrie shrugged. "All right." Then to Reed's surprise she bypassed the armchair and came to sit on the sofa beside him. "So," she said, turning to him, still smiling, "why did you hunt me down? I'm dying to know."

That made Reed freeze. Eyes narrowed, he searched her face. How could she not know? They'd gotten married in a drunken stupor and now, years later, he'd come to find her. That could only mean one thing. He wanted a divorce.

He was opening his mouth to say just that when her next words knocked the wind out of him.

"Are you here to ask me to marry you for real this time?"

Carrie Kingston was staring right at him, looking like she meant every word. "I'm glad you found me," she continued. "I never forgot you but I thought there was no hope. When I got the call that you were looking for me, I knew. I've been on your mind all this time, haven't I?"

For a moment all Reed could do was stare. Words failed him. How the hell was he going to dig himself out of this mess?

Obviously, the girl had feelings for him or she'd convinced herself that she did. She'd assumed he'd come looking for her to rekindle whatever it was they had that one night in Vegas. What the heck was she going to do when she found out his reason for hunting her down was the very opposite?

He grimaced, not knowing where to start. Finally, he just spoke. "Carrie, I'm sorry but I'm not here to renew a relationship with you. I'm here to ask you for a divorce."

"A divorce?" Carrie's eyes widened in shock. "You came looking for me to ask for a divorce?"

His eyes never leaving her face, Reed nodded. "Yes. I'm sorry."

The light went out of Carrie's eyes. Her shoulders sagged and she looked away. Finally, she shook her head and got up. Then she laughed and looked back at Reed. "I should have known better. It was too good to be true. How pathetic can you get?" She slid her hands into the pockets of her slacks and looked up at the ceiling. When she looked down at him again she was still smiling, but it was a sad-looking smile. "I am such an idiot. Sorry."

"No, I'm sorry." Reed stood up but he did not move toward her. "I didn't mean to hurt you. I didn't even think you remembered me."

"Oh, I remembered you, all right. I thought about you for a long time after I left Las Vegas. I just never thought I'd ever see you again. And then when I heard you were looking for me..." She shrugged. "Let's just say I made a hell of a wild assumption."

Reed didn't know what to say in answer to that but when the silence stretched on he had to speak. "Will you give me the divorce?"

Carrie looked at Reed and this time she was knitting her brow. "Why do you keep asking me that? Don't you know our marriage was invalid?"

Reed frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Sure, we did the ceremony but we were both drunk and we never saw each other after that. Outside of a few kisses we didn't do anything. We never even consummated the marriage. It can be easily annulled." She gave him a questioning look. "Any lawyer could have told you that. Didn't you ask?"

Reed felt the heat rise up his neck. He shoved his hands in his pockets then slowly shook his head. Fool that he was, he hadn't even done that one thing he should have done before anything else. Both he and Carrie knew what had taken place that night but outside of giving Max some cursory information he hadn't spoken with anyone. And definitely not his lawyer.

He could have saved himself years of torture.

He looked down at Carrie. "Thank you, Carrie," he said gently. "You've been a big help."

She shrugged and gave him a rueful smile. "What are friends for?"

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Once Reed's marriage to Carrie was officially annulled he flew back to England, the thing foremost on his mind being an urgent meeting with Golden. As soon as he landed he called her.

"May I see you today?" he asked. "There's something I need to discuss with you."

"I don't think I can," she said, her voice hesitant. "I'm very busy today."

"Please, Golden. Just for an hour. Half an hour, even. Ten minutes. That's all I ask."

"I...all right. I can give you half an hour but that's it. I really am busy." Her voice sounded breathless and he couldn't tell if it was out of apprehension at the thought of meeting him or if it was out of eager anticipation.

"I'll take it," he said before she could change her mind. "Pick you up at three?"

"Make it four. I'll be out shopping most of the day. I doubt I'll make it back by then."

"No problem. I'll be there at four."

After Reed hung up the phone he smiled to himself. It looked like working with a company involved in fashion had had an impact on Golden. She'd be out shopping for the better part of the day? This was definitely a new Golden.

That afternoon Reed picked her up and whisked her off for a drive. Before coming to get her he'd scouted out the area and found a quiet knoll shaded by weeping willows bowing their hairy heads over a quiet pond. He'd wanted somewhere secluded and quiet and this place, peaceful and serene, was perfect.

As they walked toward the fallen log he'd already selected as their seat, Reed reached out to take Golden's hand in his.

She looked up at him quizzically then inexplicably she pulled her hand away.

Reed said nothing. Maybe she was nervous. Of course she had no idea why he'd asked her out here. He wasn't worried, though. As soon as he told her the good news he was sure she would come around.

After he'd helped Golden get comfortable on the log Reed sat down beside her. He didn't beat around the bush. "I have great news," he said, almost reaching out to take her hand but then he stopped himself. Not yet. Not until she knew everything.

"What is it?" she asked, her amber eyes wide as she gazed up at him.

"I'm a free man, Golden." He gave her a smile filled with relief. "The marriage was never valid in the first place. It's been annulled." Then, certain that she was as thrilled as he was, he took her hand in his. "Now it's my turn to ask the question. Golden Browne, will you marry me?"

He gazed down at her, waiting for her to say yes and throw herself into his arms. It didn't happen. As Reed stared at her a shadow clouded Golden's eyes and she looked down at their clasped hands. Slowly, she pulled her hand from his then shook her head.

"I can't," she said, her voice so low he had to strain to hear her. "I'm already engaged. I'll be marrying Lord Mountbatten in five days.

***

Reed floored the gas pedal and as the sports car ate up the road his mind raced over the events of the last few days.

After the shock of Golden's rejection he'd taken her back home, devastated, but by the next day he'd come back with a renewed resolve to win her hand. Whatever it took, he would have Golden for his wife.

He'd called her, trying to convince her to back out of her planned wedding but, her voice tearful, she'd refused.

"How can I?" she'd asked, her voice sounding so desolate that all he'd wanted to do was go to her. "I gave my word. It's out of my hands now, Reed. It's a matter of honor. I have to keep my word."

No amount of talking could convince her otherwise.

He'd called the day after that but still he couldn't change her mind. The next day she refused to answer his calls. In desperation he'd gone to the house but she would not come out.

Now it was the day before the wedding and there was only one thing left to do. Reed was on his way to see Mountbatten. If Golden's sense of honor would not allow her to go back on a promise, no matter that she was sacrificing herself to do it, then he would have to approach things from another angle. He would tackle Lord Mountbatten himself.

Reed screeched off the main road and onto the parochial road to the Mountbatten Estate. He didn't slow down until he got to the circular driveway where he got out, slammed the car door shut and loped toward the house. He hadn't called ahead but had launched out on this venture on sheer impulse. Driven by his love for a woman who was supposed to already have been spoken for, there was little he would not do to get her back.

And he'd come to Mountbatten's residence to do what he did best. He was going to negotiate like he'd never done before.

When Reed knocked at the front door the housekeeper eyed him suspiciously. "Lord Mountbatten never told me he was expecting a guest," she said, looking him up and down.

"He's not," Reed said, giving her his most charming smile, "but I'm here on very important business. Do you mind telling Lord Mountbatten that Reed Davidoff of Davidoff Fashions Inc. is here to see him?"

The woman's blue eyes widened, a soft blush rising in her plump cheeks. "Davidoff Fashions? You are...the Mr. Davidoff?"

Reed's smile widened and he gave her a bow. "At your service, Madame." His status as owner and CEO of a major corporation definitely had its advantages.

The woman gave him a shy smile, her eyes still wide with awe. She almost looked like she was about to curtsy but she nodded and ushered him into the massive hallway. "Please have a seat, sir. I will get Lord Mountbatten right away."

Mountbatten didn't come out to greet him but he did send his housekeeper back to get Reed and escort him to his office. All the better. There they would have privacy so Reed could make his proposal without fear of being overheard. And if things got overheated and sharp words flew at least they'd be within the four walls of an office.

"Mr. Davidoff. Welcome to my home." Lord Mountbatten greeted Reed at the office door. "Come in, please."

Reed gave a nod of thanks and went over to settle in the chair that Mountbatten had indicated.

"So, how may I be of service?" Lord Mountbatten asked, not heading toward his desk as Reed had expected but standing there in the middle of the room looking down at his visitor, his arms folded across his chest. Obviously a tactic to make himself look the bigger man - and as tall as he was he definitely didn't need any more advantage - but Reed was unfazed.

"I'm here to offer you a proposal," he said without preamble. "I know your wheat business is floundering and you desperately need an injection of cash."

Lord Mountbatten's face grew hard and his thick brows fell over his dark eyes. "Where did you get that information?"

Feigning total relaxation Reed leaned back in the chair, tented his fingers, and regarded Mountbatten through hooded eyes. "That's not important," he said, his voice nonchalant. "What's important is that I have the solution to your problem."

Mountbatten gave him a look of suspicion. "Meaning?"

"Meaning I will invest in your company. I will give you whatever it will take to turn your business around." Reed stared at the man through narrowed eyes. "You and I know that nine million pounds won't do it."

A look of shock flashed across Mountbatten's face but he quashed it just as fast as it appeared. "It seems you're privy to some sensitive information." His lips tightened. "What do you want in exchange for your...generous offer?"

Now Reed ditched the relaxed attitude and sat forward in the chair, his eyes trained on Mountbatten. "I'm a businessman. I will want shares in the company, of course, but more importantly," his eyes narrowed, "I want you to tell Golden she's free."

Lord Mountbatten gave a snort. "I could tell. As soon as you mentioned the money I knew this was all about Golden Browne." Now it was his turn to regard Reed through narrowed eyes. "You're in love with her, aren't you?"

There was no denying it. The man was no idiot. Not that Reed had any intention of denying his love for Golden. He was proud of it. "That's right," he said, returning the man's stare. "I love her and I will do anything to have her in my life."

Lord Mountbatten raised his eyebrows and then he nodded, a slow smile spreading across his lips. "I'm impressed," he said, "and a little sad. Young love. There are few things in life so sweet. I'm afraid I'm too old and jaded to be swayed by love anymore."

"So will you speak to Golden?" Reed asked. "Today?"

"As soon as your lawyers can draw up a contract outlining your commitment to invest, I will make the call."

"I have it here." Lifting the large brown envelope he'd been carrying, Reed dropped it on top of Mountbatten's desk. "All we have to do is sign on the dotted line."

Mountbatten smiled. "As I said, I'm impressed." He walked over to the desk and sat down, pulling the envelope toward him. "Now let me see what you have here."

***

"I gave him my word." Golden stared at Reed, feeling like she'd been thrown into another dimension. "What made him change his mind?"

Reed smiled then took her hand. "That's not important, is it? The important thing is, you're free." And as they sat there at the very same pond where he'd proposed just days earlier he reached out and took her hand.

"Now you have no more excuses. Golden Browne, for the second time, will you accept me as your husband? Will you be my wife?"

Squeezing his hand tight, Golden smiled up at him. "I would be more than honored to be your wife. Please marry me and make a good woman out of me."

Reed laughed. "You're too good already. Definitely too good for me." He leaned forward to plant a kiss on her forehead. "But I'm glad you'll accept me anyway."

Golden put a hand on his shoulder. "But we have to do this tomorrow, Reed. Day after tomorrow will be my birthday."

"Consider it done, sweetheart. I'll have the judge and two witnesses lined up for tomorrow."

At his words her tension eased and she relaxed against him. "Thank you, Reed," she whispered, "for saving my life."

When his arms tightened around her she laid her cheek on his chest, knowing that she'd finally found her heaven.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Golden's heart sang as she hurried to get dressed. Today was the day she would marry Reed and she felt like her heart would burst with joy. Could anyone in the world be as happy as she was just then?

She'd slipped into a simple ivory dress and slid her feet into the gold slippers Claire had given her and was just about to fish her purse out of the closet when there was a tap at the door. She froze. If it was her mother that was okay but what if it was Mr. Busybody?

"Who is it?" she called out, prepared to grab her bathrobe and hide herself in it, away from prying eyes.

"It's me. May I come in?"

Golden sighed, relieved when she heard her mother's voice. "Come in," she said, turning her attention back to the closet.

She heard the door open and Eugenia stepped in. "Oh, my. You're all dressed up," she said to Golden's back. "Are you going somewhere?"

"Yes, I am," Golden said as she reached for the purse then withdrew from the closet to turn to her mother with an ecstatic smile. "I'm getting married today."

Eugenia gasped. "You're going through with it? You're getting married to Lord Mountbatten?"

Golden was overjoyed that she was able to shake her head. "No, Mother. To the man I love. Reed Davidoff."

Eugenia's eyes widened, "Your boss? I didn't know you were romantically involved."

Golden only smiled. "We're getting married this afternoon." She sighed and closed her eyes, the picture already forming in her mind. "Tomorrow when I wake I`ll be a married woman and it will be my birthday. Isn't it wonderful?"

"Sounds like a fairytale."

Golden jumped and so did her mother. At the sound of the male voice both women spun around to see Carl Manchester standing in the doorway.

"Carl, I didn't expect you today." After her initial surprise Eugenia's face softened.

"What? Can't I drop in on my beloved stepmum?"

"Of course you can." Eugenia gave him a wide smile but by then Carl had turned his attention to Golden.

"So, little sis is getting married." He was smiling at her.

It was a smile that made Golden's skin prickle. She stared at him boldly but said nothing.

"Aren't you inviting your family to the wedding?" he asked, his tone so friendly it was frightening. "You know we would want to be there for you on your special day." He was staring at Golden over Eugenia's head and although his lips were smiling his eyes were hard as stone.

"Thank you so much," she said, her voice just as friendly as his, "but that's quite all right. We'll have a grand ceremony at a later date. I'll send out invitations for that one." She was sure the cold stare she was giving him would tell him he would not be among the invited.

Carl stared at her for a moment longer then he smiled again. "Sorry. Please accept my congratulations." Then he turned and left, disappearing as silently as he'd come.

"I'll be right down to fix you some lunch," Eugenia called after him but he did not respond. She turned to Golden with an apologetic smile. "I'm sorry, dear. I'll fix him something quickly then I'll get ready." Then a frantic look crossed her face. "What will I wear? Oh, you should have told me..."

"Mother, this is just a quick thing to fulfill the requirements of the will. Reed and I agreed that we want to do this by ourselves. We'll have a grand ceremony later on and that's when we'll have family present." She put her hands on Eugenia's shoulders and turned her toward the door. "Please, Mother, I just want to get this over and done with. You go on and take care of Carl. I'll be down in a little while."

As soon as she'd shooed her mother out the door Golden grabbed her purse and stuffed her cell phone, keys and driver's license in, along with some tissues. There was not much more that would fit inside a purse as tiny as this one. The best thing for her to do was get out of the house as soon as possible but she didn't want to do it while Carl was there. Maybe she was being paranoid but she had a feeling he would follow her. She tightened her lips, deep in thought, then she went to stare out the window as she mulled over her options.

And then she saw something that made her frown. It was Carl. He was out in the garden on his cell phone, deep in conversation. Normally this wouldn't have been a cause for concern but after what he'd overheard who knew what he was up to? He could be on the phone this very minute telling his father the news. Golden could just imagine that man's reaction if he found out.

But then she shook her head. There was no need to worry. After all, he couldn't stop her. What could he do but rant and rave? He'd been happy when she'd kept saying she would never marry Lord Mountbatten. He knew what that would mean for him. But to now find out she was getting married after all? He would hit the roof. Except that she wouldn't be under this roof when he got home. She would be long gone and safely by the side of her husband-to-be.

She just wished Carl would hurry up and leave.

Golden paced the floor then she went to perch on the window seat then she picked up her purse. This was not working. She would have to leave now, whether Carl was there or not. She just hoped her mother would keep him occupied so he would stay put and not follow her.

She went downstairs and just the thought that she would have to pass him on the way out made her grow tense. She was pleasantly surprised when she saw him by the front door, helping her mother into her coat.

"Carl is taking me out to lunch," Eugenia said, beaming. "He said it's his turn to give me a treat for a change. And then he's taking me shopping. Isn't that sweet?"

"Wonderful." Golden returned her mother's smile but she was watching Carl's face, trying to figure out the smug expression there. She did not trust this man one inch. Why was he being so nice to her mother? Something was afoot.

But there was no time to worry about that now. She just wanted to see the back of them and then she would head out herself.

"Off you go," she said and went over to give her mother a kiss on the cheek. "Have fun." She waved as Eugenia and Carl went through the door.

She'd already turned and was heading toward the kitchen for a quick check that her mother had turned off the stove when she heard the front door open.

"Forgot my keys," Carl called out.

Golden didn't even bother to answer. She just kept on walking. Soon she heard the engine of his souped-up Peugeot roar to life and then she heard the car heading down the driveway and onto the road.

Finally. With a sigh of relief she went back to the foyer and grabbed her purse from the hall table then she went through the door, closing it firmly behind her. She glanced at her watch and smiled. Still good timing. Reed had secured a four o'clock appointment with the judge and it was just a little after one. Plenty of time for her to fight the traffic into the city and grab some lunch before meeting Reed at the judge's office.

Still smiling, she climbed into the car, stuck her key in the ignition and turned it on. At least she tried to. Nothing happened. She turned the key again. Still nothing. What in the world was going on? Golden turned the key one more time. Silence. Not even a rumble.

Worry rising inside her, she opened the car door and got out, her mind racing the whole time. Had her battery gone dead? Had the alternator gone kaput? Her car wasn't exactly what anyone would call 'young' but so far it had been pretty reliable, so what was going on all of a sudden?

She lifted the hood and peered in. She had no idea what she was looking for but she couldn't just sit there in the car, waiting for a miracle. She had to do something.

Her eyes fell upon a flat panel that somehow looked bare. Suddenly realizing what was wrong, her heart lurched.

Now she knew why her car wouldn't start. Her battery was gone.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

God help me. Golden threw her hands up and slapped her cheeks, the words flying out in a loud gasp. Someone had sabotaged her car. Carl Manchester.

At the thought of the snake Golden scowled and her nostrils flared with fury. If she could get her hands on him right then she would gladly strangle him.

He'd done this to stall her. She was sure of it. He wanted to trap her at the house until his father got there.

It was not going to work. Marching around to the passenger's side she flung the door open and grabbed her purse. She would call Reed. Although he would have to struggle through traffic to get out to the house there was no avoiding it. He would have to come and get her.

She flipped the latch on her purse, reached in and pulled out house keys, tissues and her driver's license. There was no cell phone to be found.

Holy Moses. Golden's mouth fell open. He'd stolen her cell phone, too? No, it couldn't be. How in the world could he have gotten her purse? And then she remembered. It had been on the hall table when he'd come back in search of his keys...or so he'd said. Now she knew he'd come back into the house for another reason, a diabolical one...and she was his victim.

For a moment she felt faint. How could he be so evil? Closing her eyes she drew in a deep breath, summoning her courage about her. Stay calm, Golden. It will be all right.

Clutching her purse to her she slammed the car door shut and hurried back to the house. She had to call Reed. Things were suddenly looking a lot more serious and she needed to be away from this place as fast as possible.

She went straight to the sitting room which was where she would find the closest phone. Her breathing shallow with worry, she picked up the receiver and began to dial. She was greeted by a loud and ominous silence. No dial tone.

Heart pounding, Golden returned the receiver to its cradle. Carl had cut her off from contact with the outside world and now she was frightened. What would happen next?

She drew in a few slow breaths, trying to steady her nerves. Okay, Golden, what to do now? Think. She could walk to the neighbors and borrow their phone but this was the drawback of living out in the country on what used to be a turnip farm. The nearest neighbor was almost a mile away. She looked down at her feet. There was no way she would make it in slippers. On the gravelly road they would give out after the first few hundred yards.

Her mind made up she turned, ready to hurry back to her room to get her running shoes when she heard a bang and a loud wail. Her heart leaped to her mouth. Sir Winston. She would know that wail anywhere. Chest tight with fright Golden hurried in the direction of the sound, breathing a prayer that Sir Winston was all right. Had Carl hurt her beloved pet? She didn't know what she would do if he came to harm.

The sound had come from the cellar. Golden went straight there and without hesitation she pulled the door open and flipped on the light. "Sir Winston, are you all right? Where are you, hon?" She heard not a sound. She started down the steps, peering into the dimly lit room. "Come here, baby. Mummy's here now."

She'd hardly gotten the words out when she heard a loud bang and whirled around to find the cellar door slammed shut. "Hey, what are you doing? Who's out there?" Golden raced back up the steps but by that time it was too late. She grabbed the knob and twisted and turned but it was no use. It would not budge.

"Let me out," she yelled, pounding on the door. "Let me out of here."

She pounded and pounded but there was no answer. Finally, exhausted, she turned and sagged down onto the top step. She was trapped and now there was no chance of her making it to her own marriage ceremony.

As the realization sank in, Golden's body went cold. Dunstan Manchester had done this. Somehow he'd sneaked back to the house and locked her in the cellar. He'd set things up so he would win. The money would be all his.

At the thought Golden almost had a breakdown but she bit her lip, determined not to cry. She couldn't let him get his hands on the money. She wouldn't let it happen, not without a fight.

Golden hopped up off the steps, anger surging through her, and began to pound on the door again. "Let me out, you swine," she yelled. "Let me out or else I'll have you arrested. Just see if I don't." She pounded and shouted for a full minute before she slumped back down, her fists smarting and her throat sore.

It was no use. Her threats would not make him yield. She would have to approach this from a different angle. If he wasn't going to free her then she would have to free herself.

But how?

She got up from the steps and as she descended her eyes skimmed the dimly-lit room. There were boxes piled high in one corner, broken furniture in another and in the middle was an ancient sewing machine, one that didn't need electricity because it was powered by a foot pedal. There were trunks full of clothes and linen, a standing lamp with a shade from which dusty beads dangled and there was a fuzzy couch. But the walls were solid rock, not a window to be seen. Although she hardly ever came down here Golden could swear she'd seen a tiny window somewhere. She pushed her way behind the pile of boxes, looked up and there it was. The only passage through which natural light could enter the room.

"Yes," she yelled, laughing out loud. "Dunstan Manchester, you lose."

Kicking off her heels, she grabbed a smaller box and pushed it close enough so she could jump on and then climb onto the tall pile. It was hard, being in a dress and not her usual slacks, but she hiked up her skirt and climbed on. At that height she was perfectly positioned to see the source of light.

Her heart slipped from on top of the boxes where she crouched and slid down to the floor. What she'd thought was a window was a square of thick, solid blocks of glass. They almost looked like bricks. There was definitely no hope here. Her face sagging in defeat, she slid down to join her heart on the floor.

Dunstan Manchester had won. There was no hope for her now.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Where the hell was she?

Reed glanced at his watch again. Three forty-three, only seventeen minutes before their scheduled appointment with the judge and Golden was nowhere to be seen. He'd been calling her since three, the time they'd agreed to meet at a nearby coffee shop but six calls later she still hadn't answered her cell phone. He'd even called her home number. Same thing. No answer. As a last resort he'd called to find out if she'd arrived early for the appointment. The answer was negative.

The worry worming its way into his mind, Reed pushed his coffee aside and got up. There was nothing to do now but head to the judge's office and hope Golden would come rushing in, telling him she'd had a flat tire, her phone battery had died, anything that would clear up this inexplicable silence.

It wasn't until he was walking out of Aroma Cafe that he realized that the weather had taken a turn for the worse. He was shocked to see the sky now covered in ominous black clouds. Had he been inside that long? And how could he not have noticed the clouds rolling in? He'd definitely been out of it.

What if this was the reason for Golden's delay? She might have been caught in a thunderstorm on the way here. Rainy weather always wreaked havoc on traffic flow. He just wished he knew what was going on.

"Right on time." The receptionist greeted him with a smile as he walked in the door. "Judge Sandowski wants to get started on the dot of four. He's attending a function this evening. You're his last appointment." Then she frowned, apparently just noticing that he was alone. "Where's your wife-to-be?"

Reed's heart was beating a weird rhythm in his chest, a beat that was growing more frantic by the minute. "I don't know," he finally managed. "I was hoping she would have been here waiting for me." Then he decided to check again. "Did she call? Golden Browne is her name."

The woman shook her head. "No. Sorry." Then she frowned. "Did you call her cell phone? Her office, maybe?"

"I can't reach her on any of her numbers." He grimaced. "I just can't figure out what's wrong."

The receptionist gave him a sympathetic look. "Maybe she got cold feet? It's happened before."

"No, that's not it." His voice adamant, he glared at her. "Golden wants this as much as I do." Then he looked away, his thoughts racing. "Something's happened. I can feel it. I just pray to God she's okay."

"I'm sorry. Do you want me to postpone the appointment? I can reschedule you for next week."

"No. Don't do anything yet." He glanced back at her. "It's still five minutes before the hour. Maybe I'm overreacting. She'll probably come in through that door any minute."

Reed sat there in the reception lounge thirty more nail-biting minutes. Golden did not show. He was getting to his feet when the judge himself came out of his inner office.

The heavy-set man walked over and held out his hand. "Pleased to meet you, Mr. Davidoff," he said and pumped his hand vigorously. "Millie has informed me about the situation." Then he gave Reed an apologetic look. "I'm afraid I can't wait longer, though. I have an engagement this evening."

"I understand." Reed nodded then shoved his hands inside his pockets. "I'm leaving now, anyway. I have to find Golden."

"You do what you have to do." Judge Sandowski put a big hand on Reed's shoulder. "Good luck." Then he went back to his office, shaking his head as he went.

Reed looked across at the receptionist.

She shrugged. "Like I said, this wouldn't be the first time this has happened."

When Reed left the office and went back to his parked car his heart was racing but it wasn't out of fear that Golden had decided to back out of the marriage. It was the fear that Golden was in trouble that had his heart racing. He had to find her. The first place to check was her home.

Reed tore out of the covered parking lot into a blinding sheet of rain. Not what he needed right now, not when he was consumed with the thought that Golden might be lying somewhere, hurt. He wanted to fly to her but how could he, with this sudden deluge that brought London traffic to a grinding halt?

Get a move on, godammit. Reed slammed his hands on the steering wheel, feeling like he would punch his fist through the windshield. He'd been sitting in a knot of cars for the past fifteen minutes and they hadn't moved ten yards. It was like a friggin' parking lot.

He pulled out his BlackBerry and dialed Golden's cell phone number again. Nothing.

With a growl Reed threw the phone onto the passenger's seat and flipped the radio on. There had to be something else going on with this traffic. The weather alone couldn't have brought movement to a standstill.

It took another three minutes of flipping channels before a news report enlightened him on what was happening. There'd been a major accident up ahead and the police had blocked off the street and were diverting traffic away from the scene. And he was caught smack in the middle of it. Damn!

According to the GPS there was a minor road that could take him out of this mess but it was almost another mile up ahead. How long would it take him to go that far? At the rate this traffic was moving - or more accurately, not moving - it would be a good hour before he got there. Christ.

Fuming with frustration, Reed gritted his teeth and peered through the driving rain. He wanted to floor the gas pedal and rip a pathway through the cars up ahead. Of course, he couldn't. Seething, he settled in to wait.

As he'd expected it was close to an hour before he was able to exit the motorway and merge onto a local road but by then it was drawing close to six o'clock in the evening, a whole two hours after the time that had been set for his marriage ceremony and over six hours since he had last spoken to Golden. God, he just hoped she was all right.

Now Reed was on a road where the traffic was moving, albeit at a pace that was much slower than he wanted, but at least he was getting somewhere. The weather was no help, though. Instead of easing up, the sudden summer storm seemed to be intensifying, thunder rumbling in the distance, lightning tearing up the sky and billowing winds buffeting the vehicles on the road. Some drivers began to pull over into parking lots and gas stations, probably to sit out the storm. Not Reed. He was going to Golden's house if it killed him.

When Reed finally made it onto the country road leading out to the house the rain-weakened daylight had long passed and the night, with its sky still covered by rain clouds, was dark as pitch. Even with the headlights on high beam, more than once Reed had to slam on the brakes to avoid plowing into a pool of water that had settled in a sink in the road. Once, he'd had to leave the road altogether and climb the grassy bank at the side. And he kept on going.

Finally, he turned onto the lane he sought and then headed up the driveway of Golden's home. What he saw made his heart go still. The house was in total darkness. There was no way Golden would be here.

Oh, God. Had his journey been in vain? Reed slowed to a stop in front of the house and peered through the sheets of rain. There were no signs of life, not even the flicker of a candle through the window. Nothing.

He slumped forward, resting his forehead against the steering wheel, suddenly feeling drained, knowing that under the circumstances the rational thing to do was to turn right around and head back the way he'd come.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

But right then Reed was feeling anything but rational. He was going insane. He hadn't come this far to then not find Golden. He had to.

He switched off the engine and threw the car door open then ran through the pounding rain to the front door. Banging the knocker like he was about to break it he shouted through the deluge. "Hello? Anybody home? Anybody in there?"

The only answer was the sound of raindrops slapping the earth and the deafening crack of thunder. Meanwhile, tucked under the eaves, Reed was getting drenched by the showers.

"Hello," he yelled, and began banging again but he already knew it was useless. If there was anyone in the house he would have a better chance of attracting attention if he banged on a window or maybe the back door. Ducking his head, he ran through the curtain of water and when he got to the side of the house he peered through the first window. All he saw was darkness but that didn't deter him from rapping at the glass and yelling his head off. When that didn't work he ran to another window and then another, rapping and yelling like a madman. By the time he got to the back of the house he was exhausted.

Panting, rainwater streaming down his face, Reed staggered back to the front of the house for one last try. He lifted his hand to the knocker just as his foot slipped on the front step, making him grab the knob to keep from falling.

Immediately, the door swung open. Shit. It had been open the whole damn time.

Without hesitation Reed stepped into the entranceway, the hall so dark he could hardly see a foot in front of his face. He flipped the light switch by the door. Nothing. The storm must have knocked out the power. He took one step then another then came to a complete halt. He couldn't see a thing.

Digging into his right pocket he pulled out his cell phone and held it up, the dim light lifting the thick curtain of darkness just enough that he could make his way deeper into the room.

"Hello," he called out as he slowly made his way farther into the unfamiliar house. "Anybody here? Golden?"

Silence. Was he trespassing in vain? No. He would not accept defeat. Golden had to be here.

Determined, he made his way up the stairs to the landing and knocked on every door. He even pushed them open and peered in. "Golden? Are you here?" He found not a soul.

Shoulders slumped, Reed turned and went back down the stairs, hope seeping out of him with every step. What now?

He was heading back to the front door when his footsteps slowed and he came to a stop. He couldn't leave. Not without one last try. Maybe there was a den or a library he had missed. What if Golden had been scared by the lightning and thunder and had hidden herself away somewhere where she couldn't see the flashes of lightning? He'd heard that some people actually had phobias to thunderstorms.

Reed turned and headed back down the hallway. "Golden, are you here?" His shout was louder this time, reverberating in the otherwise silent house. If Golden was anywhere in this house she would have to hear him. "Golden," he bellowed.

And then he heard it. A banging in the distance, all the way at the end of the hall. "Golden. It's Reed. Is that you?" He was yelling as he ran, determined not to lose her. He had to follow the sound. "Keep banging. I hear you. I'm coming." His shouts echoing down the hallway ahead of him, Reed ran half-blind into the darkness and as the banging grew louder his heart soared.

When he finally got to the source of the noise he heard her. "Get me out of here. Please. Let me out." Her voice, muffled by the heavy door, broke off on a sob.

"I'm here, honey. You're okay now. I'll get you out." Quickly, Reed shoved the phone back into his pocket and grabbed the handle of the door. As he had expected, it was locked. He would have to find some way to pry it open or, better yet, to pick the lock. "Hang on, sweetheart. I'll get you out. I promise. Just hang in there."

Chewing on his bottom lip, he frowned, deep in thought. What could he use to pick the lock? There had to be something but he would definitely not find that something in this house, not while it was bathed in darkness. He'd head for the car. He had to find something there. "I'll be right back," he called out. "I'm just going out to the car but I'll be back in a minute."

"Okay." Golden's voice was faint but at least she sounded calm.

Reed got another soaking as he dashed to the car but he didn't give a damn. He'd found his Golden and that was all that mattered.

The toolkit in the trunk provided the perfect solution. Digging past jumper cable, screwdrivers and nuts he fished out a thin coil of wire. Perfect. All he would have to do was twist a few strands together so it would be strong enough to lift the lever inside the lock.

Within seconds Reed was back in the house and loping toward the cellar door. "Golden, I'm back. Just give me a few minutes, okay?" When she called out her assent he smiled in the darkness. Brave girl.

Picking the lock wasn't as easy as he'd thought. He wasn't done in the few minutes he'd told Golden. The wire kept bending at the critical moment, just when he needed that pressure to flip the latch. He had to keep pulling it back out, twining more wire around to stiffen it before inserting it back into the keyhole. Finally, after almost twenty minutes of trying, it clicked. As soon as Reed turned the knob and pulled the door open Golden flew into his arms, laughing and crying and babbling all at once.

"It's okay, honey. I'm here. You're safe now."

"Oh, Reed," she wailed as she clung to him. "I was so scared. It was so dark." She ended on a hiccup and pressed her face into his shoulder.

Heart wrenching at how she must have suffered all alone in the dark, he pulled her trembling body tight against his and stroked her hair. "I know, sweetheart," he soothed, "but I'm here now. You're safe."

It took another few minutes before Golden's shaking stilled. When she finally relaxed into him, the tension leaving her body, he knew she was all right.

Gently, he drew back then tilted her face up to his. Lowering his head he gave her the best comfort he knew how, capturing her lips and kissing away her trembling and her fear.

Clinging to him, she kissed him back with a passion brought on by fright but when she gave a soft moan and melted into him Reed knew she was coming around. It was only then that he drew away and slid his palms down her arms to take her hand.

"Are you all right?"

"Yes, I'm fine now." Then she gasped. "What time is it? Tomorrow is my birthday. Oh, my gosh. Is it already past midnight?"

"No, it's not," Reed was quick to reassure her, "but it's not that far off. Right now it's..." he touched the screen of the cell phone, bringing it back to life, "...eight minutes after eight."

Golden let out a distressed hiss. "Less than four hours before my deadline." She grabbed his hand. "I can't let that snake win, not after seeing how low he'll go to get this money. Come on." She set off down the inky hallway, dragging Reed along with her. "Let's get out of here. We've got to find a judge."

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Golden stopped short as she ran out of the house right into a near-solid wall of water. From the cellar she'd heard the thunder and seen the flashes of lightning but with the sounds muffled down there, she'd had no idea it had been raining this hard.

Coughing and sputtering she held tight to Reed's hand and ran as he pulled her along, his long legs taking him farther and quicker than she could ever hope to go. But he didn't leave her behind. He never let go of her hand. He ripped the car door open and bundled her inside then ran around to the driver's side and jumped in, his brown hair pasted down on his head. He was shivering.

Reed turned to her, his eyes so full of concern it made her heart swell. He loved her. She could see it in his look, she could feel it in the touch of his hand as he reached out to stroke her cheek. "Thank God I found you," he said as he pushed a wet curl off her face. "I love you, Golden."

They were the sweetest words he could have said to her. She laid a hand over his, trapping his hand against her cheek, then she turned her face to plant a tender kiss in the middle of his palm. "I love you," she whispered, her eyes filling with sudden tears but this time they were tears of joy.

Then suddenly realizing that time was flying by but they weren't, she slid his hand down. "We have to go now," she reminded him, "or else it will be too late."

A quick nod and Reed was firing up the engine then tearing down the driveway and onto the watery roadway. His eyes trained on the road, he reached out a hand to squeeze Golden's leg. "I know it was Manchester who did this," he said, anger vibrating in his voice. "I won't let him get away with it."

Golden murmured her thanks but right then her stepfather was the least of her concerns. They had to get back to London to find a judge, any judge at this point, but with the blinding torrents and flooded roads it was beginning to seem an impossible task. Outside of the beams of light from the car everywhere was a solid and very scary black.

"It's raining so hard. Can you see?" Golden gripped the seat as she stared ahead, wondering how Reed could drive so fast when the visibility was so poor. She shivered. "Maybe you shouldn't drive so fast."

"We don't have much time," he said, glancing at the clock on the dashboard. "We have to keep going."

Golden bit her lip but she nodded. She knew he was right. There was nothing to be done but fight through the summer storm. With a sigh she gave up trying to see through the rain. She would leave the job to Reed. After all those hours of screaming and pounding and pacing the cellar floor she was too exhausted to even think.

She sagged back into the passenger's seat and although she had every intention of being there for Reed, her eyelids grew heavy and they soon began to close. Swiftly sliding into slumber, she was transported to the bank of a peaceful pond, the same one where Reed had proposed. Her heart overflowing with love, she lifted her face to receive his kiss and as his lips descended and covered hers, she moaned.

And then, inexplicably, her world sped up, everything spinning like she'd been tossed into a whirlpool that was sucking her down into its depths. She threw her arms wide, trying desperately to save herself but the monster at the bottom of the whirlpool was sucking her down and she was flying into its wide open mouth and, arms flailing, there was nothing she could do to stop it.

When she slammed into the back of the giant's throat she screamed out loud.

Golden jerked out of her dream to the sound of the car horn blaring and the engine running. Her eyes flew to Reed and what she saw made her heart leap in fright. Reed was slumped over the steering wheel, eyes closed, obviously unconscious.

With a gasp she reached out to touch his face and when she felt something warm and sticky she knew it was too thick to be rainwater dripping from his hair. Reed was bleeding.

She jerked her head back to face front and, headlight shining bright, she could see that they'd left the road and had ended up in a shallow valley thick with shrubs and trees. "Oh, no." Her hands flew to her lips. "We've had an accident."

The shock of the realization knocked her back to her senses. Instantly, she pulled her seatbelt and leaned over to gently lift Reed's head away from the steering wheel. Immediately the blaring of the horn ceased, leaving only the sound of the engine and of the never-ending rain. She laid Reed back against the seat and quickly switched off the engine before it led to an explosion...

...which meant she had to get him out of the car and as far away from the wreck as possible.

Ignoring the soreness in her ribs Golden threw her door open and ran through the pelting rain around to the driver's side. When she opened Reed's door the rain splashed in and when it spattered his face he moaned.

Taking that as a good sign Golden did not pause in her task of freeing him. She leaned over to unsnap his seatbelt then, as she drew back, she got her first good look at Reed in the light beaming from the bulb that had snapped on when she opened the car door. Eyes closed, his breathing was shallow and his face pale with a thin line of blood trailing from under his hairline. Her heart went out to him. She just hoped he wasn't seriously hurt.

It took a couple of seconds for her to snap back to the present. There was no time to think, only to act. Pulling back, she slid her arm behind Reed's shoulder, tilting him just enough so she could slip her hands under his armpits. Once she'd got a good grip she braced her feet on the ground and pulled.

Reed did not budge.

But Golden knew she had to get him out. She had no choice.

Abandoning her plan to use her hands, she slid her forearms under his armpits instead and, bracing one leg against the driver's seat she pulled with all her might, nearly falling backward when Reed's body shifted and tumbled out of the car.

He was on the ground now with no shield from the pouring rain and even though Golden bent over him to protect him, the rain splashed against his face, running into his nostrils, making him gasp and choke.

It was a blessing in disguise. Reed coughed then opened his eyes, blinking as if wakened from a dream.

Golden leaned over even farther, shielding him from the rain.

"What happened?" he croaked. "Where am I?"

"We had an accident. We have to get away from the car. Come." She lifted his shoulders up off the ground but he was too heavy to move any farther. "Can you move?" she asked, her voice urgent.

"I...think so." Still looking dazed Reed leaned forward then rolled over onto his knees before staggering up onto his feet.

Immediately Golden went to him, jamming her shoulder up under his arm, taking as much of his weight as she could. Together they stumbled into the cover of the trees, far enough that they would be in no danger from an exploding car, then they collapsed onto the sodden ground.

Golden eased out from under Reed's shoulder then panting, she stared at him, her heart still thumping like a drum. "You need help," she gasped. "We have to call an ambulance. Where's your phone?"

He groaned and pointed to his right pocket. Golden dipped her hand in to feel for the phone but there was nothing there. The other pocket, maybe? She dug around there, too, but came out empty handed. That could only mean one thing. The phone was still in the car.

She sucked in her breath. Did she dare go back? She turned to look at Reed. When she saw his pale face she knew she had no choice. She had to get him to a hospital.

"I'll be right back," she said to him then turned to push through the leaves.

"No, wait. Too...dangerous."

Reed's voice was weak, terribly so, which only served to strengthen Golden's resolve. She didn't reply, simply ran out of their shelter into the pelting rain. Wasting no time, she tore the car door open and piled in then she peered between the seats and fished around. "Where are you, phone?" There was no answer to her frustrated muttering, only the sound of the rapping of the rain on the roof. Dropping to her knees she felt around under the driver's seat and when her hand closed around something flat and smooth and rectangular she breathed a sigh of relief. Finally.

Within seconds she was back at Reed's side, dialing before she even settled on the ground beside him. "I need an ambulance," she said as soon as the operator came on the line. "We've been in an accident."

It took another two minutes to explain exactly where they were but then she got the reassurance that the location had been determined and an ambulance would be dispatched immediately.

She looked over at Reed but he had closed his eyes again and his breathing looked ragged.

The worry returning full force, Golden wrapped her arms around Reed's shoulders and held him close.

"Just hang in there, honey," she whispered into the watery darkness. "It will soon be all right."

Golden didn't know which one needed the reassurance more, she or Reed. But it didn't really matter. Right now all they could do was sit and wait.

CHAPTER THIRTY

"Get me out of here," Reed whispered fiercely. "I don't have time for this."

"But the doctor said-"

"I don't care what the doctor said," he growled. "They can run all the tests they want after we get the job done." He twisted around to peer at the machines to which he'd been hooked up. "What time is it, anyway?"

Golden glanced down at his cell phone which was fast running out of charge. "Eighteen minutes after eleven."

"Christ. Less than an hour to go." He sat up in the bed. "Find my shoes. Quick. And where the hell are my clothes?" He glanced down at the hospital gown covering his body, his tanned legs stretching out before him.

"I think they put them in a locker somewhere." Golden got up from her chair and laid a hand on his shoulder. "It's all right, Reed. We did our best but it wasn't meant to be. Right now what's important is you. We have to make sure you're okay."

"What? Are you giving up that easy?" He glared at her. "Just get my shoes. I'm leaving."

"But you might have a concussion."

"Yeah, yeah." He dismissed her even as he was pulling the strap off his arm, making the blood pressure machine start beeping. He hopped off the bed. "Let's go before the damn nurses get here."

"Wait for me." Golden just had time to grab his shoes from under the bed and then she was racing down the corridor after him. She knew they looked like a crazy pair, he with his hospital gown flapping around his bare legs as he hurried down the hallway and she, struggling to keep up, one of his shoes clutched in each hand. Thank God none of the nurses caught them on the way out.

But then they ran into a major obstacle. They got to the emergency room exit with no car, no money and there wasn't a taxi in sight. And time was ticking away by the second. Not to mention the nurses who would be after them in another couple of minutes.

"Come." Reed grabbed Golden's arm and hurried her away from the sliding glass doors, down the ramp and off to a corner where they would not be noticed. "We've got to find a car..." And then his eyes homed in on an ambulance parked in the lot. His face lit up. "If the driver left the key inside-"

"Don't even think it." Golden cut him off before he'd even finished the thought. "Stealing a vehicle? An ambulance? Are you crazy? They'd throw us in jail for that." Then she glanced back to the exit to see if they were being followed. "We're probably in a whole lot of trouble already, sneaking out of the hospital when we haven't even been discharged."

"Great! Now we can get going."

"Great? I just said we're probably in trouble and you say-" She never got the chance to finish the sentence. He was dragging her off again and when she whirled to see where he was heading she saw a wonderful, glorious sight. A taxi had just pulled up to the curb. They were saved.

"Top of Brompton Road," Reed said, bundling Golden into the back seat and piling in after her. "A thousand dollars if you get us there in under ten minutes."

"Ten minutes? Bleedin' hell, guv. D'ye think this is a bloody jet?" The taxi driver's voice was little better than a sneer.

"All right, fifteen minutes but a minute over that and you lose."

The man gunned the gas pedal, slamming Reed and Golden back against the seat then with a screech of tires he shot off down the street, obviously determined to win the promised reward.

"Is that the judge's home address?" Golden whispered.

"Yep."

"But how do you know it? Do they usually give clients that kind of information?" Confused, she stared up into his face which was half hidden by the shadows.

"When you didn't show up for the appointment I had a feeling we'd need his services after regular hours. I did my research."

"Online?"

"No, I made friends with his receptionist."

Golden gasped. "You didn't. What did you do to make her give you her boss's personal information?"

"Promised her a year's supply of outfits, compliments of Davidoff Fashions."

"Wow," Golden whispered then she reached over and slipped her hand inside Reed's. "I guess that was too good for her to pass up." Then she smiled. "I don't admire what she did but I'm glad she did it."

He leaned over to kiss her on the cheek. "Me, too."

Within thirteen minutes the taxi was pulling up in front of the judge's house. "Wait here," Reed told him as he flung the door open. "We'll need about twenty minutes."

"Hey, pay up or else I'm coming in there with you."

"No problem," Reed yelled back as he took Golden's hand and set off. "I may need you as a witness. We're getting married."

They bounded up the steps and as Reed rang the doorbell Golden could hear the chimes echoing through the house. And then a thought hit her. "My God, it's almost midnight. How can we wake the man in the middle of the night? We should have called ahead."

Reed grimaced. "You're right but it's too late now. I just hope he doesn't fling us off his doorstep."

"Or call the police," she whispered, eyes wide as that thought entered her mind.

"Or call the police." Reed repeated her words with a sigh then he reached out and rang the bell again. And again.

"Who the hell is it, at this time of night?" The judge's voice came to them loud and clear and then the curtains by the window were drawn back and he was peering out. When he saw the straggly group on his porch - a rain soaked woman, a man with hospital gown stuck to his body and a taxi driver with a look of bewilderment on his face - he frowned. Then he shook his head and Golden could see he was making a clucking sound with his tongue.

Suddenly the entrance light was flipped on and the front door opened. "Come in, come in," he said, his voice half sleepy, half grumpy. "I hope you know I only opened this door because I recognized you, Mr. Davidoff."

"I appreciate it, sir." Reed grabbed his hand and shook it vigorously. "Sorry I had to disturb you in the middle of the night but due to the stipulations of a will we have to be married before midnight. Can you do this for us?"

"When I saw you on my doorstep," the judge said, shaking his head again, "I guessed as much. I've had experience with some of the strangest wills ever written." He glanced over at the taxi driver. "So this is your witness?"

Reed nodded. "One of. We'll need one more, I think. Do you mind...?"

"I'll get my wife. She's already up anyway. With all that bell ringing you just did I'm surprised the children aren't up, too." Then he gave a snort. "Teenagers. They're like bloody logs. God help me if I fall ill in the middle of the night and need their help." Then he jerked his head toward an open door. "Go wait in the sitting room. I'll be right back."

"Quick, please," Golden couldn't help interjecting. "We've only got a few minutes before the deadline."

"I'm well aware of that. I will be right back." The judge didn't seem too pleased at her attempt to hurry him along but at least he'd set off toward the stairway. Still, Golden would not breathe easy until she'd said, "I do."

In the sitting room Reed paced the floor while Golden perched on the edge of an armchair and their impromptu witness lounged on the leather couch. The man pushed back his flat cap and looked at Reed then Golden then back to Reed. His eyes narrowed. "He called you Davidoff. Any connection to Davidoff Fashions?"

Reed gave him a curt nod. "The same."

The man's face broke into a toothy grin. "I'm not among the common folk, that's sure."

Golden turned to glare at him. Now that he knew who Reed was he was probably going to demand more money for his time. A whole lot more.

To her surprise, the man simply settled back in his seat and said not another word.

"What time is it?" Reed asked through gritted teeth.

She glanced at the cell phone. "Eleven forty-eight."

He balled his hands into fists. "Where are they?"

Golden shook her head. "We have a few more minutes. We just have to be patient."

Reed's response was a frustrated snarl.

The sound of footsteps made Golden hop up from her seat. She went to stand beside Reed just as the judge walked in with his sleepy-looking wife, her hair adorned with colorful rollers.

"Now let's get this party started." Judge Sandowski directed them to stand in front of him then he had his first witness stand to the right and his second to the left. Then he glanced down at the paper in his hand. "Full names, please." When they told him, he scribbled the information down then he looked up at his audience.

"Now, as we gather together to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony, is there anyone who objects?" Ignoring his wife, he glared over his glasses at the taxi driver. When the man gave a shrug and a bashful grin he continued. "Are you, Reed Warren Davidoff, free lawfully to marry Golden Lily Browne?"

"I am." Reed's voice was bold and strong.

When the judge looked at Golden and asked her the corresponding question she replied proudly, "I am."

Judge Sandowski nodded. "By the powers vested in me I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride."

With a relieved sigh Reed reached out and gathered Golden into his arms. They were in the middle of their first kiss as a married couple when the taxi driver spoke. "What time is it?"

It was the judge's wife who responded. "Eleven fifty-six. They made it just in time. Isn't it romantic?"

After that, Golden did not hear another word. She was too busy losing herself in the kiss she'd been awaiting all her life. It was a kiss from her beloved husband, the kiss that had broken the evil spell. Reed was her knight in shining armor who had rescued her from a most pitiful fate.

It was the fairy tale ending she'd dreamed of all her life.

EPILOGUE

Golden could not believe she'd been married three whole months already. Where had the time gone?

This morning she'd awoken to the day that would be the second most important of her life. Of course, the day - or rather, the night - she'd married Reed would be first but today would be a close runner-up because it was the day she would walk down the aisle with Reed, in front of all their family and friends. And with all the planning that had gone into this event, it would be like a royal wedding.

Reed's brothers and his parents had flown in from the United States along with a ton of his friends from college days. For Golden's part she had few friends and even fewer relatives but those she had, she treasured and appreciated for coming out to support her on her special day.

Now as her mother helped her dress in her gown of white and gold she sighed. "I'm so happy, mother. Honestly, if I were any happier I would burst."

Eugenia laughed as she bent to straighten Golden's train one more time. "I know what would make me happy." She looked up, her brown eyes twinkling. "Grandbabies."

"Oh, Mother." Golden laughed and held out her arms to give her a hug. "Babies will come in good time. Don't worry. You'll soon have your hands full of them."

"I can hardly wait."

Later, after exchanging wedding vows for the second time with her husband, Golden held Reed's hand and turned to face the congregation. There, beaming up at her was Claire, her very own fairy godmother who had outfitted her so richly for her first date. Beside her was Marjorie smiling just as broadly as her mother.

At the very front sat her mother, tears glistening in her eyes but with a look of such happiness that Golden felt her eyes well up, too.

For the first time in a long time Eugenia was truly free. It had taken Dunstan Manchester's final act - locking her daughter in the cellar - for her to realize the true nature of the man. Golden didn't know where she found the courage but her mother kicked him out of the house so fast he was probably still wondering what happened. And as if that weren't bad enough he had a court case coming up within the next couple of months. Apparently he hadn't known it, but forcible confinement was a criminal offence.

With Dunstan gone Eugenia would be alone but she would be independent and free to live her own life. And, of course, her days would soon be full, running after the grandbabies she'd demanded. Little did she know that Golden planned to have at least four of them. Eugenia wouldn't have time to scratch her head.

The sound of the organ pulled Golden out of her reverie. It was the signal for her to march down the aisle with her husband by her side. She did so proudly, waving to Duke and Max sitting beside her mother and father-in-law and smiling at Reed's crowd of still zany college friends.

Then, just like in a fairytale, they left the church and climbed into an elegant carriage drawn by two white horses, their headgear adorned with majestic feathers, their trappings gilded in gold.

And so ends the story of Golden and Reed, as they canter off into the sunset with Golden finally freed. Horses trotting down the street, the air filled with laughter, they will live and love - happily ever after.

THE END

