CHAPTER ONE

"Where the heck am I?" Ryder muttered the words under his breath as he stared at the stretch of deserted road ahead of him.

So much for taking the scenic route. He'd gotten so sick of the dreary monotony of the highway that he'd taken a detour, deciding to try some of the country roads instead. Now, in hindsight, it seemed it hadn't been such a good plan after all, especially considering that he had no idea where in the world he was right now.

"What kind of a GPS are you?" he grumbled to the device set in the middle of the dashboard but it only stared back at him, mute and blank-faced. Ryder gave it a disgusted glare. "Not much of a help, are you?"

The thing was, before Ryder took to the country roads he'd known he would sort of be on his own for some parts of the journey. There were some roads that the GPS hadn't been programmed for. But jeez, he'd expected the device to pick up most of them, not leave him stranded in the middle of nowhere. At the thought, he had to bite back another grumble.

For this part of his journey Ryder was on his way to Marfa, a tiny town he'd heard about at his last stop in Fort Stockton. What he heard piqued his interest and since he didn't mind prolonging his road trip he decided to make a stop there. The directions they'd given him at the rest stop had seemed pretty straightforward...until now that he was over an hour into the journey and with no town in sight and with no hope of getting cell phone service way out in this wilderness. He hadn't seen another living soul since he'd turned onto the road. God help him if he ran out of gas. The hyenas would gladly have him for lunch.

It was another half hour before Ryder saw what looked like a tiny settlement up ahead. "There is a God," he muttered under his breath even as he let out a relieved sigh.

In minutes he was rolling into a tiny service station cum convenience store. As soon as he pulled in, a stout man in checkered shirt and jeans hurried over. "What's for you, stranger? Need to fill 'er up?"

The man gave him a smile so wide Ryder couldn't help but smile back. "I'd appreciate that," he said as he climbed out of his truck. "You guys take credit cards, right?"

"I ain't too sure about that," the man said with a shrug. "I don't work here."

That made Ryder raise his eyebrows in surprise. Was the fellow so friendly he would offer to pump gas for a stranger? Or maybe he was after a tip. Ryder had no problem with that. He always had loose bills in his pocket for pretty much that purpose. He was no stranger to people doing whatever odd thing they could to make a buck or two on the street.

Still grinning, the man jerked his head toward the glass door to the convenience store. "Go on in," he said as he reached for the pump. "You can ask about the credit card thing inside."

"Will do." Ryder nodded and left him to his task. He walked across the asphalted pavement and pulled the door open. He was immediately hit by a gust of warm, stale air. He jerked back, holding the door open a while longer to let some of the outdoor air in. Hadn't these people heard about something called air conditioning? This was Texas in the middle of July, for Pete's sake.

He stepped inside but, momentarily blinded by the dimness, he had to blink to reorient his eyes. It took a few seconds before he saw the wizened old man sitting behind the counter, his eyes glued to a newspaper spread out in front of him. Even when the bell tinkled as the door opened and closed the white-haired man did not look up. Ryder cleared his throat. Even so, the old geezer - for want of a better description - continued to ignore him.

He cleared his throat again then seeing that wasn't working he stepped forward and slapped his hand down on the counter.

The old man jumped. His head jerked up and he glared at Ryder. "Hey, where did you come from? What's with you, young fella, sneaking up on a man like that? You nigh gave me a heart attack." He jerked the newspaper away then folded it up, even as he continued to scowl.

"I'm sorry," Ryder said. "I wanted to ask you a question."

"Say what? You've got to speak up, fella. What's with a big, strapping one like you whispering at me like that?" Clearly annoyed, the man threw his newspaper down and got up off his stool. "Come on, speak up."

"I said I need to ask you a question." Ryder raised his voice another decibel for the benefit of the man.

"So ask it. What's stopping you?"

"Do you take credit cards?"

"Credit what? You joshin' me or what? We don't give no credit at this here establishment. Credit got run out of town nigh on fifty years ago."

"I didn't ask you for credit. I asked if you take credit cards."

"And what did I tell ya? Are you deaf? No credit. Strictly cash at my establishment." The man was leaning forward now, looking like he was getting ready to throw Ryder out.

"Not very friendly, are you?" Ryder knew his muttered statement had no chance of being heard, not by this one who was obviously as deaf as a doorpost. This man was the exact opposite of the one he'd met outside. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. "No problem," he said. "I've got cash. How much do I owe you for gas?" He'd seen when his friendly helper had rested the hose back in its cradle so he knew the tank was full.

"How should I know?" the storekeeper asked as he slid off his stool and lifted a section of the counter top. "I have to go out and see."

One would have expected the man to see the total on a computer screen inside the store but Ryder didn't bother to question that. He simply stepped back and let this not-so-pleasant business operator walk past.

Within a minute he was back. "You owe me fifty-five forty-five," he said as he stepped past Ryder to retake his post behind the counter. "Strictly cash."

"I hear you." Ryder took out three twenty-dollar bills and laid them on the counter. "Keep the change."

Old Mr. Grumpy must have liked the sound of that because his face brightened and for the first time since he laid eyes on the man Ryder saw him smile. "Hey there, fella. Now you're the kind of man I like to do business with. Not like them noisy whippersnappers who come riding through here on their motorbikes."

Ryder almost smiled. So that was it. The old fellow must have thought he was one of 'them'. He'd probably been harassed by some young, crazy teenagers riding through the place - although what teenagers on motorbikes would be doing all the way out here in the boondocks, Ryder couldn't tell. Still, the fact that the old man put him in the same category was downright amusing. At three decades plus one year he was way, way past the teenager stage.

"So where're you from?" the man asked, suddenly looking like he was ready for conversation. "I know you ain't from around these parts."

Ryder didn't return the smile. He would answer the questions but the man's cool reception had been a real turn-off. "I'm from Des Moines," he said, and left it at that.

"Ah ha. An Iowa man." The storeowner nodded. "And what are you doing in this part of Texas? It ain't like this is Dallas or Houston."

"I'm on my way to a town called Marfa. I heard about it at my last stop in Fort Stockton, that there's this phenomenon that takes place at night. The Marfa lights in the sky. Nobody can explain it." He shrugged. "I always was a sucker for a good mystery so I'm on my way to this Marfa place. Is it anywhere near here?"

The man chuckled. "You're standing in the middle of it, young fella." He stuck his hand out. "The name's Simeon. Simeon Harris. Ask me anything you want to know about Marfa. Been living here all my life."

Ryder took his hand but as he did he was frowning. "This is Marfa? This deserted one-storey sha...establishment?" He'd been about to say shack but he stopped himself just in time.

"Yup," the man said, beaming, but then his grin turned sheepish. "To tell the truth, this ain't quite the middle. It's just the outskirts but it's one of the first establishments in this here town. Was built long before the town grew so big. Almost two thousand of us now, you know."

Ryder looked back at him, confused. "So where are the rest of you? Outside of your...establishment...all I'm seeing is wide open plains and tumbleweed."

He grinned. "Oh, they're still a ways in. The newer part of the city's where they all hang out but me, I like it right where I am. I pick up the strays before they run out of gas." And although he didn't say it, the way he was looking at Ryder told him he'd just been put in the stray category. "That's how I make my dough."

"So how do I get to Marfa?" Ryder asked. "The city part, I mean."

"Well, you just head-"

"It's okay, old Sim. I'll direct him." They both turned as the helper stepped into the already tight space. "I'll make sure ye get there all right."

"Well, okay," Ryder said then he turned back to Simeon and gave him a nod. "Thank you."

"And thank you," Simeon said. "Come back any time."

Ryder was surprised when, as they stepped out of the tiny convenience store, the helpful one stepped closer and gave him a not-too-gentle pat on the shoulder. "There's something about you," he said. "I don't know what it is but old Simeon likes you. I can see that much." Then, his hand still on Ryder's shoulder, he turned him to face west. "Now you see that post way over there? You take the road and go past it and you're going to take a road branching off to the right. It will take you a little ways down but never you mind that. Just keep going until you run into the sign that says Marfa."

"So I'll see a sign?"

"You'll see a sign. Can't miss it," he assured Ryder. "And like I said, if you don't see nobody for a while don't be alarmed. It's still a little ways off."

"Okay. I appreciate you telling me that." Ryder dug into his pocket and pulled out some bills. "Thanks a lot for your help."

The man's smile widened. "No problem," he said with a nod. "No problem at all."

Even when Ryder jumped into the Dodge Ram and drove off the man still stood there, staring after the truck and grinning.

As he watched the man through the rearview mirror Ryder shook his head. "Weird," he said under his breath. They were both weird, the grumpy old man and the overly friendly one. From two opposite poles, they were. He could only wonder if the other residents of Marfa would be just as unusual.

Ryder had been driving for the better part of half an hour when he began to wonder if he'd taken a wrong turn. Texas was known for its wide-open spaces but he'd expected to be in Marfa long before this. He'd followed his guide's instructions to the letter but there was still no sign welcoming him to Marfa. Where the heck was the place?

So the man had said it was some way away - aways off as he'd put it - and not to panic if he didn't see the place right away, but instead of getting wider the road was narrowing and on top of that it was getting bumpier by the mile. There was no way there could be a city at the end of this road.

Not knowing if it made sense to turn back at that point, he drove on. He'd been at it for another ten minutes when the bumpy asphalted surface got even worse. Now it was nothing but a dirt road. What the heck?

Ryder slammed on the brakes. "You've got to be kidding me." He let out his breath in a hiss. Had he taken a wrong turn? Or had he been taken for a ride?

And then he saw it. Off in the distance, the golden rays of the setting sun to the back of it, was a building visible only because it was all of two stories high. At least that was what it looked like from this distance. For the second time that day Ryder had to breathe a sigh of relief. Not a moment too soon. He'd been just about ready to turn around and head back the way he'd come. Now, finally, he'd found Marfa. There wasn't much to it, just one building that he could see so far, but he would take it. He was too exhausted to feel anything but glad to see this sign of life in the middle of the Texas desert plains.

He pressed on the gas and shot up the dirt road toward the safe haven. There was still no sign saying 'Welcome to Marfa' but he didn't care as long as there was food and a warm bed up ahead.

It was when he got closer that he saw how sparse the place really was. Outside of the building he'd spotted he was now seeing another six or seven but they were all tiny and all looking in dire need of repairs. Was this the Marfa he'd been hearing about? He'd been expecting some improvement on the gas station he'd left behind but this place actually looked worse. He hadn't thought that could be possible.

As he approached the main building he slowed down and when he pulled up close by he read the words painted on the front. Beaumont's. That was all it said and even as he got out of the truck he had no idea what kind of place it was.

With a tired sigh he slammed the door shut behind him and trudged up the dusty path that led to the front entrance. As he walked he noticed a truck parked in back, then two. Maybe that was the parking area but it didn't matter. Right then he was too tired and hungry to go back and move his truck. He just wanted some grub.

Ryder pushed the front door open and, like at the gas station, there was the sound of a bell tinkling above. The lighting in the room wasn't great but he could plainly see the half a dozen men who turned at his entrance. They were lounging around tables, each man with a drink in his hand. That was when Ryder realized he'd stumbled on some kind of bar.

"Howdy, stranger," one of the men said, holding up his mug of beer. "Pull up a chair." The way he said the word made it sound like 'cheer'.

"Uh, thanks," Ryder said, letting the door close behind him, but he didn't move, still taken aback by the unexpected invitation. These Texans were something else. They were either super-friendly or downright crabby. Was there no middle ground with these people?

"Go on. He's not going to bite."

At the sound of a female voice, a bright and bold, almost teasing tone, Ryder's head jerked up and he found himself locking gaze with the most startling ebony eyes he'd ever seen. It wasn't so much the color of the eyes that got him but the audacious stare she'd fixed on him. Like a goddess who deigned to associate with mere mortals, the look she gave Ryder told him that in this little part of the planet she was the woman in charge.

And if that wasn't enough to make him stand rooted to the spot, on top of that the woman was breathtakingly beautiful. A mass of wavy, dark hair tumbled over her shoulders, framing a face blessed with high cheekbones, a pert nose and the sexiest lips he'd been ever so lucky to behold. She was the lone flower in a field of pot bellied beer-drinking men and among such weeds her beauty bloomed brilliant. And she knew it. He could see it in the way she carried herself, back straight and eyes fearless as she stared at him.

The beauty leaned forward to rest her elbows on the bar counter and her luscious lips curved into a smile. "Are you going to stand there staring at me the whole evening?" she asked, tilting her head as she regarded him with amusement. "Your butt got something against chairs?"

Ryder blinked. He'd thought he had a good handle on women but this one took him by surprise. When it came to being shy or reserved this girl didn't know the meaning of the words. But how a woman so young could be so bold in a sea full of grizzly men, he couldn't figure out. Instead of being intimidated it looked like she was the one who usually did the intimidating.

Before she could throw out a command Ryder cleared his throat and tore his eyes away from the mesmerizing Texas rose then he glanced down at the man who had invited him over. His unexpected host was still grinning up at him so he figured the invitation was still open. With a shrug he headed over to the table where the man sat with another, a smaller man, who stared up at him in open curiosity.

As he approached, the big man used his foot to push the free chair away from the table. "Make yourself comfortable, stranger. It's not everyday we see a new face in these parts."

Ryder gave him a nod of appreciation for the welcome. "Thank you," he said as he took the seat that was being offered. "This is my first visit to Marfa."

"Marfa?" The bearded man let out a hearty guffaw. "Did you hear that, fellas? This stranger thinks he's in Marfa."

The man got the reaction he'd probably been looking for. The whole place erupted in raucous laughter and, to Ryder's chagrin, even the woman behind the bar was chuckling.

Feeling like a fool, he cleared his throat again then frowned when he realized he'd fallen right back into his nervous habit. Whenever he felt out of his depth he was always clearing his throat. It was a habit he'd thought he'd licked but now it was back, just when he didn't need it causing him even further embarrassment.

"Where am I then?" he asked, now giving up hope of ever finding this place called Marfa.

"This is Pequoia," the woman said as the laughter died down. "One of the oldest towns in Texas." Then she gave him a rueful grin. "Now one of the smallest, what with all the youngsters leaving as soon as they're old enough." Then she dried her hands on a nearby towel, lifted the counter and came over to him, a letter-sized laminated card in her hand. "Here's the menu. You might as well make yourself comfortable and grab a bite. Looks like you've been on the road a while."

Ryder gladly took it from her hand but it wasn't the food list that held his attention. It was her. She was even lovelier close up.

"What did I tell you about staring?" Her voice was brusque but her lips twitched then curved into a crooked smile that had Ryder smiling back.

"Sorry." Suitably chastised he glanced down at the menu. "The roast beef sandwich sounds good. Can I have that?"

"It's your lucky day," she said. "That's the most popular item on the menu but it so happens I've got some left. Just enough for one."

"I'll take it," Ryder said, his mouth already watering at the thought of the meal. He hadn't eaten since breakfast and at this hour of the day he'd reached starvation point.

The woman nodded and took the menu from his hand and was just about to turn away when Ryder stopped her. "Do you mind if I ask your name?"

She stopped and actually looked surprised that he'd asked. "It's Blake. Blake Beaumont. And what's yours, stranger?"

"I'm Ryder Kent." He put out his hand. "I'm pleased to meet you, Blake."

She took it even as she cocked an eyebrow at him, the amusement back in her eyes. "Are you sure about that? Maybe you should get to know me better before you throw out such statements."

"Yeah," one of the men from a neighboring table said. "This is one tough gal, my friend. Don't be fooled by all this beauty. When she's ready she can be a real b-"

"Calvin, you mind your mouth, you hear me?" Blake's voice was stern. "No need to scare off Mr. Kent with your crude language."

"Call me Ryder," he began but she'd already turned away and was heading back to the bar. Well, so much for striking up a conversation with the sole woman in the place. He might as well turn his attention to his new-found friends.

Within minutes of a lively conversation about the current issues plaguing the dairy industry Blake was back with a salad and the sandwich that smelled so good it made Ryder's stomach growl.

She smiled. "I could tell you were hungry. It's all yours. Chow down." She laid the plate on the table then handed him his silverware rapped in a white cloth napkin.

He glanced across at his table companions. "May I order something for you gentlemen?" He hoped they'd say yes. It was going to feel weird, chomping on his sandwich while they just sat there and watched.

"We already ate," the small man said.

"But I'm all out of beer," the big one said. "I could do with another one, for the road."

Somebody behind Ryder cleared his throat, a not-too-subtle hint that a drink would be welcome at that table, too.

Ryder grinned. It seemed they were all too eager to take advantage of a generous offer and he didn't mind at all. "Drinks on the house," he said, loud enough for Blake to hear. "It's on me.

She heard all right. Before he'd taken his second bite she'd come from behind the counter, a tray of drinks in hand. She obviously knew what each of her patrons drank because she didn't ask a single one for his order. She just served.

"And what about you, Ryder?" she asked, pausing at his table. "What are you having?"

"I'll just take some cranberry juice," he said, "if you have any."

"Sure do." And then, as if this was the sort of thing you did in a place like this, she gave a man at a neighboring table a quick cuff to the back of the head. "Stop snickering and drink your beer."

Ryder almost snorted in laughter but his mouth was full. Obviously, Blake Beaumont was not one to trifle with.

A half hour passed and then an hour and by that time most of the men had left, leaving only the two at Ryder's table. The darkness of night was now properly settled on the land and he could feel the exhaustion creeping up on him. Time to get going.

He lifted a hand to catch Blake's attention. "Could I have the bill, please?"

She tore her eyes away from the small T.V set in the corner of the room. She'd been absorbed in the T.V news for the past half hour but she picked up a piece of paper from the counter and walked over. "Here you go," she said, depositing the bill on the table in front of him. "You racked up a pretty hefty bill, buying all those rounds of drinks. You'd better be good for it."

"Don't worry," he said, grinning up at her. "I am." Little did she know he could buy all the drinks she could ever serve. Heck, he could buy the whole town, and more. Still smiling, Ryder reached around to dig his wallet out of his back pocket.

His hand slid in and came back out...empty. "Sorry." He gave her an embarrassed grin and dug into the other back pocket. Nothing. He frowned. "Weird." As he muttered the word he shoved a hand into the front pocket on the left then the one on the right. His frown deepening, he patted the pocket of the denim jacket he was wearing. Still nothing.

Ryder cleared his throat. "I'm sorry. It looks like I left my wallet in the truck. I'll have to go get it."

Before he'd gotten all the words out Blake's smile had disappeared and in its place was a glare that said she was not amused. "Do you really think I'm going to fall for that? You're trying to pull a fast one on me, aren't you?"

Ryder shook his head. "No, I'm not. I swear. My wallet must have fallen out in the truck. I'll just go get it and come right back."

Blake gave him a look of suspicion and then she looked at the big man sitting at Ryder's table. "Go with him, Ted. Make sure he doesn't try to take off."

"You got it." Ted was grinning as he got up then he cracked the knuckles on his beefy hands. "Come on, buster. Let's go see if you can put your money where your mouth is."

Ryder shrugged. "I've got no problem with that." He got up and walked in front of Ted, out the door and toward the Dodge Ram. He pulled the door open and glanced at the driver's seat then the passenger's seat. He didn't see anything so he checked if it had fallen between the seats or onto the floor. It was nowhere in sight.

As he pulled back and straightened up Ted grinned at him. "You really were pulling a fast one. You think you're slick, don't you?"

Ryder felt like punching the jeering smile off his lips. "I'm not pulling anything. I must have dropped my wallet somewhere. It's okay. I'll call..." As the last word left his lips he realized something. He'd gone through his pocket and his truck and he hadn't run into his cell phone at all. That was missing, too.

"Oh, shoot." The words left his lips in a groan of realization. "That guy at the gas station. How could I have been so stupid? I should have known he was too darned friendly to be real."

Ted gave a snort of derision. "Don't tell me you're going to draw for some story about getting robbed."

"But it's true. My wallet and my cell phone are gone."

Ryder's words were like the signal for Ted to get rough. The man clamped a massive hand around his upper arm, his lips curling in a sneer. "Come on, bud," he snarled. "You ain't going to cheat the little lady out of her dough. You're coming with me."

Ryder didn't even bother to resist. Talk about embarrassing.

He was not looking forward to explaining himself to Miss Blake Beaumont.

CHAPTER TWO

"May I borrow your phone?"

"He ain't got no money."

Both Ryder and Ted were speaking at the same time, which made Blake glance from one to the other. "What?"

"He ain't got no money." Ryder had opened his mouth to speak again but Ted beat him to the draw the second time around. "He was there pretending to search around for his wallet." Then he gave a snort of disgust. "Like he had any money in the first place."

Blake felt the anger settle in the pit of her stomach. She should have known his friendliness and generosity were too good to be true. She fixed a caustic glare on the man in question. "So what do you have to say for yourself?" She didn't even know why she bothered to ask. Sneaky snakes like this one always had a ready answer. She wasn't about to swallow anything he was planning to dish out.

"I got robbed," he said, "at my last stop. I had my money and my cell phone up to that point. If you'll just lend me your phone I'll have your money to you in no time."

Doug, the small man who'd sat watching the whole time, burst out laughing, his crooked teeth giving him a comical look. "Lend me your phone, he says. Don't he know we ain't got no phone in these parts?"

Ryder gave him a look of disbelief. "No cell phone service, maybe, but you've got to have a landline phone." He looked at Blake. "You do, right?"

"Nope. Never did and it looks like we never will."

"What? But how is that even possible? This is the United States, for Pete's sake, and it's the twenty-first century."

"Tell that to the phone companies," Blake said, her tone dry as toast. "All the phone companies we contacted said they weren't wasting money to come all the way out here. Too expensive and not worth it for a couple of hundred people.

"I see." That seemed to stump Ryder. Then he looked hopeful. "What about cell phone service? Do you guys have that?"

"They've been promising that for years. This town's still waiting." She shoved her hands inside her pockets. "Anyway, let's cut to the chase. You owe me over a hundred bucks and it looks like I'm not going to get any cash out of you. You know what that means, don't you?"

Ryder gave her a suspicious frown. "No. What?"

"If you can't pay in cash you've got to pay in kind. You've got a lot of cleaning to do tonight, buddy."

His brows fell. "Excuse me?"

Just in case the thought crossed his mind to try arguing his way out of things Blake pulled her hands out of her pockets and folded her arms across her chest. "You're going to work off your debt," she said, her voice cold. "Tonight." Then she gave him a mirthless smile. "Lucky for you I'm the gentle, forgiving type. Otherwise I'd just have Ted break your arms." Of course, she didn't mean a word of that. She just wanted to put some scare into him. She was not about to be ripped off by some slick city swindler.

It looked like the message was beginning to sink in because Ryder glanced up at Ted who stood at least two inches taller and looked like he weighed about a hundred pounds more. It was obvious he was sizing him up but, smart man, he didn't go the route of tackling the big man. He glanced back at Blake. "What do I have to do?"

"I've got a sink full of dirty dishes in back," she said. "You can start there."

Ryder's brows fell. "Start?"

"Yeah. You didn't think that was all, did you? The back bar and the tables won't clean themselves, you know. And you've got the floor to sweep and mop." Then she smiled. "When you're done doing that I'll let you know what else."

The look Ryder gave her was a mixture of incredulity and horror. She had to fight to hold the laughter in. He was cracking her up and he didn't even know it. "You're going to earn this hundred and fifteen dollars," she said with an emphatic nod. "Trust me on that."

As she turned she pretended not to hear Ryder's groan. "Come on, then, " she threw over her shoulder. "Roll up your sleeves. Dish washing time."

When Blake took her conscripted helper to the kitchen she almost felt sorry for him. The stack of dirty dishes was a formidable sight, and that was before she threw the pots and pans into the mix.

"There you go," she said, showing him the dishwashing liquid and the sponge. "Give me a shout if you need me."

"You're going?" For a fleeting second he looked lost, like he didn't know where to start.

It was too funny. Blake could just imagine his life back in whatever city he came from. He probably had people doing everything for him. He might even be one of those spoiled guys who'd never done a lick of housework in his life.

"Yeah, I'm going to finish watching the news." She headed toward the door. "We don't have all night so get cracking." And before he could say another word she was out of there, leaving him to get through the pile as best as he could.

And if she had to be totally honest with herself Blake would have to admit that she'd practically fled from the kitchen, not because she was scared of the stranger who'd arrived on her doorstep. Quite the contrary. From the moment Ryder Kent walked into Beaumont's she'd known he spelled danger. Danger for her heart, that is. She'd felt an immediate attraction for him, an attraction so strong she'd resorted to hiding behind a tough exterior. The last thing she wanted to do was fall for some slick trickster's charm. It was what had sent her scurrying to this dive of a town in the first place. More trickery, she could do without.

And so she hightailed it out of the kitchen, leaving Ryder to fend for himself while she hung out with Ted and sought refuge in the nightly news.

"That sort of worked out for you, didn't it?" Ted relaxed in his chair as he watched her watch the T.V.. She knew Ted. He wasn't going to leave until he knew she had everything, the stranger included, under control.

She nodded. "You know I hate doing the dishes."

"Yeah. You complain about it every night."

"Ad nauseum," Doug added, making Blake turn to give him a cutting glare.

"Anyway," the little man said, rising to his feet, "it's past my bedtime. I'll see y'all in the morning."

Blake gave him a goodbye wave and Ted gave him a grunt and then he was off. They heard when the engine of his truck roared to life and, seconds later, the rumble grew more distant until it faded into the night.

After that Blake settled back to watch the T.V and soon she heard the low buzz of Ted's snore. She smiled. He was a good friend. It was past his bedtime, too, but she knew he wasn't going to leave until she'd locked up and all was safe.

She'd been caught up in the television and Ted had been snoring a good thirty or forty minutes when Blake frowned. She hadn't heard a peep out of Ryder since she'd abandoned him in the kitchen. He hadn't stuck his nose out, not even once. Could he have sneaked off? She gave her head a slight shake at the thought. There was no way he could have started his truck and driven off without her hearing it.

So, curious, she got up and headed back to the kitchen. There she found Ryder dutifully at his task, his arms all the way up to his elbows in suds.

"You're good?" She walked over, observing the stack of sparkling plates he'd already cleaned.

"Yes, ma'am," he said with a nod. "I always fulfill my obligations."

She could see that he meant it. Apparently there was a lot more to Ryder Kent than what that sinfully handsome exterior would suggest. The man had principles. She liked that.

"Okay. I won't bother you, then." She left him alone again but this time she wasn't feeling quite so cross that he hadn't paid her. Even though she was the one who had made him do it, he was certainly working hard for the money.

Fifteen minutes later Ryder, looking a little worn at the edges, came back into the restaurant. "All done," he said and shoved his hands inside his pockets. "Where do I find the broom and mop?"

His question surprised Blake. She'd thought he would have kept mum on that, hoping she'd forgotten. But no, he was the one who was bringing it up. She got up. "I'll get them for you. Wait here."

When she got back she handed him broom and dustpan then got him a mop and a bucket filled with soapy water. "Knock yourself out," she told him.

He took the cleaning supplies, looked around then let out a soft sigh. It was obvious he was tired but Blake had already set the fine for his failure to pay his bill. She wasn't going to back down and look like a wimp just because she was feeling sorry for him. If there was one thing she'd learned, running a business in this tiny town of Pequoia, it was to stick to your guns and play tough. It was either that or become someone else's lunch.

So she watched from behind the bar as Ryder's muscles flexed when he pushed the mop over the floor. He'd shed his jacket and his shirt and was wearing a sleeveless undershirt that put his muscular arms and strong shoulders on display. And with that sexy distraction in plain sight there was no way Blake would be watching much T.V for the rest of the night. She was pretending to watch but she wasn't absorbing a thing. Ryder Kent was just too hot to ignore.

Ted slept through the whole thing and it was only when Ryder's mop bumped his chair that he jerked awake. "Yeah? What?" He blinked then straightened up and looked around, taking in the fact that the floor all around him was gleaming and wet. "Well, I'll be a horse's rear end. You really did come through, didn't you, fella?" Then he chuckled and looked over at Blake. "He ain't half bad. Hell, I wish he owed me some dough. He'd have my place spic and span in no time."

Blake only shook her head. She knew Ted's place. A mess like the one he had in his house would be enough to kill Ryder. She wouldn't wish that fate on her worst enemy.

When Ryder finished cleaning he took his tools outside. Blake even heard him out there at the outdoor sink, rinsing out the mop. Both she and Ted looked at each other, eyebrows raised.

"I think you found yourself a good one," Ted said. "He don't seem so bad, after all. Maybe he was telling the truth."

She grimaced. "Yeah. Maybe."

When Ryder came back into the restaurant he blinked then rubbed the back of his hand across his right eye. He looked like he was stifling a yawn. "Well, I'm all done," he said then looked around for the shirt and jacket he'd left on the nearby chair.

"They're on the rack," she said. "Over there." She pointed to his clothes hanging by the entrance.

"Thanks." He strode over to the door then shrugged into his shirt and jacket, denying her the view she'd been enjoying all the while he'd been working. He turned toward them and drew in a breath then let it out in a heavy sigh. "Please accept my apologies for not paying my bill," he said as he looked at Blake. "As soon as I get back I'll send you the money. I promise."

She shook her head. "No need. You've already paid. In full."

"Thanks." He nodded, looking like he was ready to go, but then he paused. "I wonder if you could tell me where to find a hotel?" He gave her a doubtful look. "If there's a hotel in Pequoia?" Then he grimaced. "I don't think it would be a good idea to hunt down this Marfa place in the middle of the night."

Blake shook her head. "That would be a dumb idea. You couldn't even find it in the daytime. What makes you think you'd find it at night?" Then she cocked an eyebrow at him. "And you don't have any money, remember?"

"Oh, yeah." He fell silent.

"You can forget about Marfa. It's your lucky night tonight." Blake gave him a cheeky grin. "It just so happens that Beaumont's isn't just a pub and a restaurant. Sometimes it's a bed-and-breakfast, too, when it suits me."

"Seriously?" Ryder looked like he didn't believe it.

"Seriously." Blake gave him a stern look. "You can get one of the rooms for the night," she said, "but you're going to have to work to pay your keep."

Ryder grimaced and then he shook his head. "I'm so bushed I'll agree to anything, just as long as I can get a bed for the night. Whatever you have in mind can't be worse than what you've already made me do."

"Fine. If you've got stuff in your truck, go get it. You've got yourself a room for the night."

"Thanks." Ryder nodded then turned and headed out the door and off to his truck.

Blake only smiled. Little did he know what lay in store. Poor thing.

CHAPTER THREE

"Yes," she whispered as he slid his lips down the column of her slender neck. "Ooh, that feels so good."

"Mmm." It was a moan that came from deep within him. He wanted her so bad and although he held her in his arms he wanted more - to consume her, devour her, possess her wholly and fully.

Ryder lowered his lips to the curve of her collarbone, feeling himself grow hard as he felt the heat of her-

Bang, bang, bang. "Rise and shine. Time to get up and get going."

"Huh? What?" The banging still pounding in his ears, Ryder jerked awake, dragging himself from under the shadowy blanket of his dream. He sat up in the bed and looked around, momentarily thrown by the unfamiliar scene around him.

And then he remembered. He was in the strange little town called Pequoia, in one of the guest bedrooms at Beaumont's. In Blake Beaumont's bed. Well, not literally, as much as he would have loved a dream like that to be true. It was the dream he'd just been having, a dream that had been all about her.

"Are you up?" There was another bang at the door and Blake's voice came through to him, loud and clear.

Ryder cleared his throat. "Yes, I'm up," he said. "What time is it?"

"Just after six o'clock," she said. "Time to get moving."

"Six o'clock? In the morning?"

"No, in the evening. What kind of dumb question is that? Of course, six o'clock in the morning. And we'd better get a move on it before the herd descends."

With each of Blake's words Ryder became more confused. He threw back the covers and got out of the four-poster bed then padded barefoot across the cold wooden floor. When he pulled the door open it was to see Blake standing there, fully dressed, looking so fresh and ready for the day it made him wonder if she'd even gone to bed at all.

"Are we going somewhere?" he asked.

"Yeah," she said with a nod. "Down to the kitchen. This place will be full of men coming through for breakfast. We've got to have it ready by seven o'clock." Then she gave him an impish smile. "Or should I say, you've got to have it ready? You're the one on breakfast duty."

"Breakfast... You mean I'm going to have to fix this breakfast you're talking about?" Ryder stared at her, incredulous.

"Yes, sir. You promised to work off your bill for the night's accommodation, remember? Well, this is how you're gonna do it. You're chef for the day.

Ryder shook his head. "But I don't know anything about cooking breakfast for a crowd. I've only ever done eggs, toast and cereal."

His declaration seemed to go in one ear and out the other. She didn't look sympathetic at all. "Well, you'd better learn fast. If these guys don't like your cooking you'll hear it from them. You can trust me on that." Then she turned to go. "Go on and clean up. Be downstairs in fifteen minutes."

Ryder was opening his mouth to protest but it was no use. She was already disappearing down the hallway, leaving him staring after her. He could only shake his head in disbelief. What in the world had he gotten himself into?

He didn't have much time to ponder on his dilemma, though. From the little he already knew of Blake he could guess she would be back upstairs in exactly fifteen minutes, pounding on the door again.

How did that saying go? As you make your bed so you must lie in it. Well, he'd gone and made his bed when he'd agreed to work for his keep and he could see it was going to be a tough bed, indeed. The easy thing to do would be to back out but he'd always prided himself on his principles. He would stay and fulfill his commitment, however arduous that might be. He gritted his teeth. He was not looking forward to it.

With that discouraging thought Ryder turned and went back into the bedroom, an ancient-looking place furnished with a canopied four-poster bed, a chest of drawers that looked like an antique and a low oak chest that sat at the foot of the bed. Outside of that, there were two nightstands on either side of the bed and a once colorful rug that was frayed around the edges. It looked almost as old as the town itself.

Quickly, he strode toward the chest and pulled out the supplies Blake had told him would be there and then he went back outside and down the hallway to the 'guest' bathroom. That was a generous way of putting it but it made him feel better to think of it in those terms. The plumbing was so ancient he was surprised it actually worked. Pulling on a chain attached to an elevated tank when you had to flush? Ice-cold water flowing through the tap? If he hadn't been experiencing it first-hand he wouldn't have believed it. In a developing country, maybe, but the good old U.S. of A.? Sheesh.

Blake had given him fifteen minutes but Ryder was ready in twelve and then, dressed in fresh shirt and trousers but with his denim jacket to shield him from the chilly morning air he descended, not looking forward to the task that lay ahead but not able to do a thing except face his new reality.

"Finally," Blake said as he stepped inside the kitchen. "I was just getting ready to douse you with a bucket of water."

"You said fifteen minutes," Ryder said in his defense. "It's not even that time yet."

"You're sure?" Blake looked at him askance. "I thought I said ten." Then she stepped behind him and before he knew what was happening she'd tied a frilly white apron around his waist. "Anyway, you're here now so let's get you started." She stepped back. "We usually have about fifteen to twenty men passing through between seven and eight o'clock. This is my busiest time of day."

"Fifteen to twenty men? You have that many people in this town?"

Blake laughed. "Don't you underestimate our Pequoia," she said. "And anyway, some of them aren't from here. They come in to help work the farms. We haven't got that many young men who can help out as field hands so we import them from neighboring towns." She shrugged. "They're here working in the daytime but by nightfall they're gone."

"And who could blame them?" Ryder said the words under his breath, so softly only he could hear.

"What did you say?"

"Oh, nothing. Just talking to myself."

Blake regarded him with narrowed gaze but said nothing. Then she jerked her chin toward the stove. "Okay, let's get moving."

The stove was an ancient-looking contraption, a gas-powered device with monstrously large burners. A massive frying pan was on the front burner and to the back of it sat a deep pot, one you could bathe a small child in.

"That's for the grits," Blake said. "You'll do that with bacon and eggs today. Since you're new I'll handle the pancakes."

"Grits..." He looked around, feeling lost. He'd had grits before but had he ever made the thing? He didn't even know where to start. "Uhm, what...do I do first?"

Blake gave him a look of impatience. "First you wash your hands and then you come here so I can show you." When he didn't jump at her command she gave him a slight shove toward the sink. "Move it. We haven't got all day."

Ryder could have given her a ready answer to that one but he let it slide. Biting his tongue, he did as he was told and was soon by her side. It wasn't easy, filling this role of badgered employee. He had to chuckle to himself. This was a far cry from being the owner of a billion-dollar enterprise. Talk about a humbling experience.

"Something funny?" Blake was looking at him like his soft chuckle annoyed her.

His smile widened but he shook his head. "No, just remembering something."

"Okay, then." She turned and picked up a huge bag of grits. "Let's get started."

Within minutes Blake had him stirring the stuff in the massive pot of boiling water.

"Don't let it clump up," she called out to him, her voice muffled as she stuck her head inside the cavernous refrigerator. When she backed out and straightened up she was holding a double-decker tray of eggs. "You do the eggs while I do the pancakes."

"But I'm stirring grits. I've only got so many hands." Ryder didn't stop stirring.

"Well, let them work for you, darn it. Hurry up with the grits so you can scramble some eggs. The guys will be bursting through the door before you know it." She deposited the eggs on the counter beside him and pointed to the big black frying pan. "Scramble them with milk so they'll be nice and fluffy. And don't you dare burn them." The last words were spoken with her index finger pointed accusingly at his face.

And he hadn't even done anything. Not yet, anyway.

One hand still stirring the pot of grits, Ryder reached over and turned on the front burner then grabbed the nearby stick of butter and dropped a generous chunk into the pan.

"Not too much, now." Blake didn't stop as she filled her pan with pancake mix. "And you've got to beat the milk into the eggs first."

Ryder looked from grits to frying pan and back again. Something would have to give. It was his judgment call to make and he made it quickly, pulling the wooden spoon out of the pot of grits and dropping it onto an empty plate then grabbing the bowl Blake had left on the counter. The grits would have to fend for itself for a while. A butter-filled frying pan sitting on a hot burner was not something you kept waiting.

Quickly, he cracked a dozen of the eggs on the side of the bowl then beat furiously as he hurried to the fridge to grab some milk. Before he even got back to the counter he was pouring and whisking, beating the mixture into a frothy lather. With the butter melted and nice and hot he began to pour the mixture onto the sizzling surface then he stood back and watched with satisfaction as it coagulated before his eyes.

And that was when he smelled it. Burning grits. He'd forgotten he was supposed to be stirring, too. Darn. He'd never been good at multitasking. His eyes never leaving the eggs, he grabbed the wooden spoon and got to stirring.

Blake grimaced at him, eyes narrowed, but she never said a word.

Glad that his new 'boss' hadn't chewed him out Ryder turned one hundred percent of his attention to the task at hand, alternating between grits and eggs then scooping piles of the fluffy yellow mixture into a bowl. Soon he was cracking another dozen eggs and starting the whipping process all over again. Through it all he kept stirring, grabbing his wooden spoon every other minute. From that point on he never forgot his grits again.

He was so caught up in his work that he gave a start of surprise when he turned to find Blake standing right beside him. In her eyes was a look of grudging admiration.

"Not bad," she said with a slow nod as she stared at his mountain of soft gold.

Ryder gave her a quick grin, something akin to a smirk. "Where are your troops?" he asked. "Bring them on."

"They'll be here soon," she said, turning to pour pancake mix on the griddle. "Don't you worry about that."

She was right. She must have left the front door open because at exactly seven o'clock he heard the tinkle of the bells indicating that someone had just stepped into the restaurant, and it wasn't just one tinkle, either. After the first there was a second then a third and a fourth in quick succession and soon the place was abuzz with the sound of men greeting one another in the early morning breakfast hour.

Between Blake and Ryder they now had three stacks of pancakes, a huge bowl of fluffy yellow eggs and a pot full of steaming grits. Blake had taken charge of the bacon and that was ready, too, along with the coffee and tea that Ryder had prepared.

"We make a great team," Blake told him as she gazed at their handiwork. "This is the first morning I'm actually ready for these guys."

At her words a frisson of pride ran through him like he'd just won some kind of award. "I don't know how you do it," he said. "This is a lot of work for a woman alone."

Blake shrugged. "You do what you've got to do." Like those words were a signal for her to do just that she turned and walked toward the swinging doors leading into the restaurant, leaving Ryder staring after her.

He was smiling as he shook his head. He'd passed Blake's first test - or was this the second - and he had no doubt she had other surprises up her sleeve.

But as far as he was concerned, if she had more tests to throw his way, she could just bring them on.

***

It had been an exhausting morning with Ryder piling huge ladles of grits onto plates, with scrambled eggs and strips of bacon. The pancakes went pretty fast and Blake soon found herself back in the kitchen making another stack, then another. Before the morning was over she'd made nine stacks in all. Something weird must have happened that morning because the crowd that descended on Beaumont's was like none she'd ever seen before. She saw faces she hadn't seen in ages. Some of them, she'd never even seen before. Had they all heard she had a new helper and had come out of sheer curiosity? Whatever it was, she was glad for the business. And as for the crowd, she didn't know what she would have done if she hadn't had Ryder hustling right by her side.

As she climbed into her Ford F-150 Blake smiled to herself. Ryder had surprised her, and in a pleasant way. Who would have thought a smooth-looking dude like that would have turned out to be a reliable workhorse? And he wasn't too bad in the kitchen, either. Maybe she should hold on to him.

But that thought made Blake's smile falter then wither away. It was just such a situation that had made her lose her faith in men. There was one she'd known who had been just as charming, just as impressive, and she'd fallen for the act, hook, line and sinker.

Never again. Neither her business nor her heart would be able to survive another such assault.

With that thought she started the engine. She had a lot to do today and mulling over her handsome helper wasn't one of the items on her to-do list. And anyway, Moonwalker was waiting.

When she got to his house her good friend was already standing outside on the front porch, waiting. The Cherokee man waved to her then came down the steps in anticipation of the approaching vehicle.

Blake pulled up beside him, a huge smile on her face. "Ready to do some shopping?"

"You betcha." Moonwalker grabbed the handle, pulled the door open and hopped in beside her. When it came to negotiating prices, Moonwalker was the man. She never did any major business deals in Fort Stockton without him.

His dark eyes gleaming with amusement, Moonwalker turned to look Blake over. "You don't seem any worse for the trouble that stove must have given you this morning. No breakdowns? Nothing blew up?"

Blake smiled back. "Surprisingly, no. Old Blue decided to behave today. Maybe it was because I had a newbie working her. She didn't want to scare him."

Moonwalker shook his head. "You finally hired old Fred to help you with the breakfast crowd. I knew he'd wear you down."

"Are you kidding me? I wouldn't hire Fred if he was the last man on earth. Last time I gave in to him he almost burned the place down."

"Yeah, I remember." The elderly man was chuckling now. "You're lucky Beaumont's is still standing."

Blake rolled her eyes. "Don't I know it."

They were silent for a while, enjoying the easy comfort of each other's company. Several minutes passed before Blake's companion broke the silence. "Seriously, though, you seem in a darned good mood today, not frazzled from a morning feeding a house full of hungry beasts. What gives?"

She glanced at him then turned her eyes back to the road. "You won't believe this but I found myself an assistant this morning. He just sort of landed on my lap."

Moonwalker raised his eyebrows. "Explain yourself."

So Blake did. With a chuckle she launched into the story of Ryder's unexpected arrival and the dilemma he'd found himself in. She told Moonwalker how she'd taken full advantage of the turn of events, making him work harder than he'd probably ever done in his life. She'd taken full control of the situation, wringing every last cent out of him, and she wasn't ashamed of it, either.

Moonwalker grimaced then shook his head. "I'm scared o' you," he said. "Talk about a mean mama."

"I am not. I'm a sweetie-pie, and you know it." She reached out and gave him a playful punch on the shoulder.

He shrugged. "Well, that's true. Compared to how you were when you first got to this town, you're practically Mother Theresa."

She laughed. "I wouldn't go that far."

They fell into another momentary silence then Moonwalker spoke again. "When you came to Pequoia you were really messed up. It took you a while to get out of that funk."

Blake drew in a long, deep breath and then she let it out slowly. "It seems so long ago. I can't believe I've only been here five months. It feels like five years."

"Time flies when you're having fun." He gave her a wry grin.

Blake gave him a mock frown. "No need to be sarcastic. I didn't mean I was bored, it's just...I just feel like I've known you guys all my life, you know?"

His withered face wrinkled as his smile deepened. "I know what you mean."

"And when I needed to escape I'm glad this is the place I chose. I couldn't have found better friends than you, Ted, Peggy and the ladies from the sewing circle."

"You mean, this place chose you. You'd never have come here if old Bart hadn't up and died and left Beaumont's to you." He cocked an eyebrow at her.

She cocked an eyebrow back. "That too."

More silence and then Moonwalker turned his head to gaze at a wide field dotted with cows in the distance. "You were in pretty bad shape..." His voice trailed off like he'd fallen into deep thought.

"Yeah," she said, but nothing else. She really didn't want to talk about it. She'd managed to bury that era of her life, pushing it far back into the dark recesses of her mind. She had no intention of going back there and digging through that musty old trunk.

Wanting to divert Moonwalker's attention she murmured, "That Ryder Kent, he's one big bag of surprises. He's holding the fort for me right now."

"Is that so?" He didn't turn around from gazing out the window. "You said he's about your age, right?" When Blake didn't answer he kept on staring out the window. "Maybe it's a good thing," he said, his voice so low it was almost inaudible, "that this guy showed up on your doorstep. I've never seen you look happier."

Blake drew in her breath but this time she didn't let it out right away. She was too surprised. Moonwalker had seen a difference in her. Had it been that obvious?

As easy as that, this stranger named Ryder Kent was having a heck of an impact on her. Well, she didn't like it. Not one bit.

CHAPTER FOUR

Ryder had just finished washing the last of the dishes and was heading for the nearest chair when he heard the tinkle of the bell above the front door. He groaned. His butt hadn't touched a seat for the last few hours and it looked like it wasn't going to happen any time soon. When was he going to get a break?

Still, he couldn't afford to keep one of Blake's customers waiting so, suppressing a second groan, he made his way across the spacious kitchen and pushed a path through the swinging doors. When he saw who the visitor was he came to an abrupt halt, his brows lifting in surprise.

"Well, well," the woman said, looking him up and down, "so this is the stranger I've been hearing about. They didn't tell me you were handsome, too." Her eyes flashing with open curiosity, she walked right up to him and tilted her head back to look into his face. She had her head thrown back so far her flower-bedecked hat almost fell off, making her slap her hand onto the crown to keep it in place. "How old are you, young man?"

"Thirty-one." The answer was out before he could even dwell on how inappropriate it was, he'd been so thrown by the question. The woman looked like she was around sixty. How would she like it if he asked her age?

She twisted her lips. "I would have guessed a little younger. Maybe twenty-nine. But you're close enough." With those words she stepped back and walked over to one of the tables then sat down, leaving Ryder staring after her, perplexed.

He left the doorway and walked over to the counter and leaned against it. "Close enough for what?" he asked.

"Close enough in age," she said, her tone unapologetic. "Blake is twenty-seven and you're thirty-one. That's not too bad." She lifted her hefty handbag and dropped it on top of the table. "So what do you think of our Blake?"

"I think she's great," he said, drawling the words as he watched the woman making herself comfortable at the table. She was shifting the centerpiece and the plate mats around, clearing space for a book she'd taken out of her bag.

That done, she plopped her book down then looked at him, her blue eyes glinting. "She's more than great," she said. "She's a catch." She jerked her chin toward him. "You're not married. You should gobble her up."

Ryder frowned. The visitor seemed to know a lot about his business. Not that is was hard to guess. He wasn't wearing a wedding ring.

"You're thirty-one," she continued, relaxing back into her chair as if she planned to have a really long chat with him. "You're not getting any younger. Time to settle down, especially if you want to have children. You don't want to be running after your toddler when you're forty or fifty, do? What brought you to our town, anyway? You have kinfolk here?" Not pausing for breath, the words tumbled out of the woman's mouth so fast that Ryder almost couldn't keep up.

Not even waiting for his answer she barreled on. "We haven't had a newcomer in a long time and even the young 'uns who were born and raised here, they don't want to stay. I don't know what's going to become of our little town." She sighed as if she carried the weight of the town's troubles on her shoulders. "We need more babies, that's what. And when they grow up we need them to stick around." And as if that triggered another idea she gave Ryder a piercing look. "So are you here to stay or what?"

Well, at least she hadn't asked if he planned to add to Pequoia's population. "No," he said. "I'm just passing through."

"Not another one of those." She gave a hiss of obvious frustration. "So where are you from, anyway? And why did you stop in our town?"

Ryder didn't know if this was the norm in Pequoia but he'd never in his life encountered anyone as nosy as this one. And she wasn't apologizing for it, either.

Seeing that she had no intention of leaving until she got answers, Ryder decided he might as well make himself comfortable. He slid onto a nearby bar stool. "Before I answer that," he said slowly, "do you mind telling me who you are?"

"Why, I'm Peggy Thatcher, the mayor of this town. Didn't they tell you about me?" She actually looked offended, like he should have known.

"No, they didn't." He had to fight to hide his smile of amusement. "But now that I know who you are I can introduce myself properly." He slid off the stool and walked over to the woman's table. "I'm Ryder Kent," he said, extending his hand. "I'm pleased to meet you, Ms. Thatcher."

She took his hand in a surprisingly firm grip. "A man with manners. I like that. So where are you from, Ryder?"

"I'm from Des Moines," he said, preparing to move away then realizing he couldn't. She was still holding on to his hand.

"And what are you doing in Pequoia?" she asked. "Visiting relations?"

"No, I just ran into your little town," he said as he gently extricated his hand from her grasp, "on my way to Mexico."

"Is that so?" Now she looked even more curious. Then she frowned. "What have you got in Mexico? A girl?"

Ryder smiled and shook his head. "Nothing like that. I was on my way to see some old college buddies of mine."

"And you decided to drive all the way from Des Moines?" She gave him a look that told him she was wondering if he couldn't afford a plane ticket.

"I wanted to drive," he said. "I needed to clear my head."

Her eyes narrowed, her gaze turning suspicious. "Why?"

There was no way he was going down that road with her. His personal life was none of her business. "Let's just say, I needed some air."

For the first time since she entered the restaurant Peggy Thatcher was silent, just staring at him with her sharp blue eyes. Then she gave him a slow nod. "You're running away from something. I can see it in your eyes."

Ryder held her gaze but he didn't answer. The lady was as perceptive as they came. He didn't let on but she'd hit the proverbial nail right on top of its head.

He cleared his throat. "So how may I help you, Ms. Thatcher? Would you like some lunch? All we've got is cream of broccoli soup and BLT."

She nodded. "Soup and sandwich will be fine."

Including Ms. Thatcher, Ryder had about a dozen lunch customers that day. They trickled in throughout the lunch hour and into the afternoon. It didn't seem like lunch was a big deal at Beaumont's but there were a few workers who passed through for sandwiches. The other workers had probably taken packed lunches from home.

Ms. Thatcher was the last person to leave that afternoon but Ryder didn't mind. She'd entertained the whole lot of them with her constant chatter. Not surprisingly, she knew everybody and they all seemed to love her. By the time she was ready to leave she'd exhausted Ryder with her talk but she'd also become a fast friend. She'd all but offered him free boarding at her house if only he would stay in Pequoia for a while.

"Our town needs new blood," she told him. "Young blood like you. You're a good one. I can tell." She smiled. "And the fact that Blake has you here says a lot." As she went through the door, her massive handbag hanging from her arm, she threw him a parting shot. "You'll stay for a while, won't you? Just give it some thought."

That evening when Blake got back to Beaumont's she looked tired but pleased. "I won't have to suffer Old Blue's cantankerous moods anymore. I just paid for a brand new industrial stove. They're going to deliver it next week." Then she looked around at the shiny floor, the spotless tables and the shot glasses laid out on the tray on top of the counter. The evening drinkers would be arriving soon and everything was in order. She turned her gaze back to Ryder. "Thanks for handling things while I was away. I appreciate your help."

Ryder only smiled and gave her a nod. He'd been happy to do it. This time it had nothing to do with working off a debt. He'd offered to help her out because he wanted to.

"You've done way more than I expected," she was saying, "even doing the cleaning up after the breakfast and lunch crowds. You must be pretty tired." She tilted her head to one side as she looked up at him. "Why don't you go get some rest now? You're going to stay the night, of course. No charge." Then she smiled. "I'll even have a little something for you for when you hit the road tomorrow." Then she shoved her hands inside her pockets and shook her head. "It's a pity I can't hogtie you and make you stay." She chuckled. "But after all I've put you through, I know you're more than ready to hightail it out of here."

Ryder gazed at her smiling face and for the life of him he couldn't think of a single thing he'd like to do more than stay.

"Now's your chance to get away from me," she said, then jerked her chin toward the door. "Go on. Git, before I change my mind and hogtie you for real."

Ryder didn't answer. Then he shook his head. "No, I kind of like it here. I want to stay on a while longer...if you'll have me."

When he saw Blake's eyes widen in surprise, a hint of pleasure in their depths, he smiled. It looked like he wasn't the only one who liked the idea of him sticking around.

***

If you'll have me? Why did Ryder have to go and ask a question like that? The question wasn't if she wanted to have him, but how...

As Blake lay in bed that night, her arms folded behind her head as she stared blankly at the ceiling, all she could think about was Ryder, her 'out-of-the-blue' assistant, the man who'd walked off the street and into her life.

He might be a virtual stranger and a man might be the last thing she should have on her mind right now but from the moment she'd met Ryder she'd felt something. Immediately, she'd suppressed it. How stupid could you get, jumping out of one fire and hopping right into another? She'd known that whatever spark of attraction she'd felt was best ignored and it would pass soon enough.

But it didn't. The more she saw of Ryder the more he grew on her. And the more she wanted to feel his lips on hers.

And from the way his lips relaxed into a smooth curve when he smiled she could tell he was an awesome kisser. He had a mobile mouth that promised both strength and tenderness. Ryder had looked like the serious kind but he also looked like he had another side to him, a softer, sensual side that she would love to know first-hand.

Blake smiled to herself then unlocked the arms she'd folded behind her head. She turned onto her side and settled her cheek into the softness of her pillow. It was all wishful thinking, she knew, just a fantasy she would enjoy in the privacy of her mind.

But by the next day Blake's fantasy world disintegrated and she was whipped back to reality when Carl, Pequoia's postmaster of over fifty years, came by and dropped off a telegram. It was from her mother in Dallas and it sounded urgent. "Trouble with Jerome," it said. "Come home."

***

Blake didn't let the evening pass before she packed up her truck and was on her way to Dallas. "Don't worry about the restaurant," she'd told Ryder. "Just post a notice that we're temporarily closed." He'd looked skeptical. "Just like that? I can handle things till you get back."

She shook her head. "No. Impossible. There's no way you can handle the breakfast crowd by yourself. If the guys still want to come in for drinks in the evening you can take care of that."

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "Whatever you say, boss." And then he gave her a crooked grin that made him look so sinfully sexy that her heart gave an involuntary jerk.

As she drove along the highway she drew her breath in then let it out on a sigh. Ryder Kent was a seriously sexy distraction but it was one she couldn't afford to dwell on, especially not right now. If she'd read her mother's telegram right she would have her hands full when she got back home. And, where Jerome was concerned, it was not going to be pretty.

By the time Blake pulled into the driveway of her family home the sun had set and had thrown a shroud of darkness over the land. Still, the shadows didn't hide the rustic charm of the little white bungalow where she'd grown up. Rosie Beaumont loved flowers and, like always, the garden was overflowing with blooms of all sizes and colors. Not even the dark veil of night could hide their stunning beauty.

She'd just switched off the engine and was reaching over to the passenger side to grab her shoulder bag when the front door burst open and a gangly teenage girl in cut-off jeans and sandals raced down the steps and toward the truck. "Blake," she yelled. "What took you so long?"

Blake barely had time to get out of the truck and throw her arms wide before her little sister was jumping forward to throw her thin arms around her neck.

"I missed you," the young girl whispered and buried her face in her big sister's neck.

"I missed you, too, Becky," Blake whispered back. "I thought about you every single day."

Then she released Rebecca, clasped her by the upper arms and stepped back. She couldn't help but smile as she stared down at her grinning sibling. "Hey, Squirt. When did you grow so tall? You look like you've put on six inches in the last six weeks."

Becky laughed. "I'm fourteen. You didn't expect me to stay short forever, did you? And anyway, I only grew half an inch since April. I checked."

That made Blake laugh out loud. "You can check all you want. It's going to take a long while before you catch up to me."

"Grr." Becky gave her a punch on the arm in response to the reminder.

Blake let her go for a second so she could grab her bag from the front seat. "Here. Carry this in for me, will you?" She gave the bag to her sister. "Make use of those strong arms."

"With pleasure," Becky said, her green eyes sparkling in the distant light. "As long as it's got stuff for me."

Blake chuckled. "Of course. If I didn't bring you something you'd probably lock me out of the house."

"You know it," the cheeky girl responded.

Blake only grinned and threw her arms around her sister's shoulders and so they walked into the house together. When they got inside Rosie was busy setting the dining table, as Blake knew she would be. Her mother would have had a meal waiting in the oven and had probably hurried to prepare the table as soon as she heard the truck rumble onto the driveway. In appropriate tribute to her name, Rosie loved flowers but she had another love that came a close second. That was cooking. She was the kind of mother who would never expect the arrival of her daughter and not have a hearty meal ready.

"Mom."

At the sound of Blake's voice Rosie turned and her brown eyes lit up as she smiled. "Blake." Just like she'd done with her sister, her mother now spread her arms wide and Blake let go of Becky and walked right into the warm embrace. Their hug was tight and strong, a testament to the depth of their love.

"It feels like I haven't seen you in months," her mother said softly.

"I know," Blake said, "even though it's been weeks." Then she gave her mother one last squeeze and stepped back. "And I never get tired of getting your letters every week."

Rosie only smiled and patted her arm. "Go wash up. I know you're starving and I've got your favorite tonight."

Blake didn't have to be told twice. She headed for the bathroom and minutes later she was seated at the dining table with Becky to the left of her and her mother at the head of the table and to her right. Then, while she tucked into her grilled chicken Becky gave her an update on all that had been happening in the neighborhood since the last time she'd come home.

"There's a new boy in my class," she told Blake. "He's gross."

"Becky, that's not nice." Rosie gave her a stern look. "In our family if we can't say something nice we say nothing at all."

"Yeah, I know, but this kid's really, really gross. There's absolutely nothing nice to say about him. He's way tall and he's all pimply and stuff and his voice goes high and then it goes low and he sounds weird." Then she rolled her eyes. "Victoria says he's cute but she doesn't know what she's talking about. But the real reason I think he's weird is that he keeps staring at me. A lot. He thinks I don't notice but I do."

When Becky finally paused to draw breath Blake laid her fork down and tilted her head as she turned her full attention on her sister. "Are you sure you're not saying that," she gave her an indulgent smile, "because you like it that he seems so interested in you? Maybe you like him, too, just a little bit?"

"Eew, gross. I wouldn't like him if he was the last boy on earth. He's from California and he talks funny."

"Oh, I see," Blake said gravely. "That makes all the difference in the world."

That made Becky frown. "I know you're teasing me. I'm not stupid."

Blake only shook her head and smiled but she could tell that her comment had made Becky stop and think. A thoughtful look crept into her sister's eyes and then she lifted a pinky finger to her lips and began nibbling on the nail. Blake wouldn't say another word. She would leave Becky to form her own conclusions.

It wasn't until her sister had gone to bed that Blake got the chance to have a private moment with her mother so they could talk about the cryptic telegram. "What kind of trouble?" she asked Rosie. "What's Jerome up to now?"

Before Rosie spoke she gave a sigh heavy with frustration. "Your ex is at it again," she said. "I guess it wasn't bad enough that he swindled you out of your own business. Now he's giving everybody in town the impression that the reason you left was because you'd been embezzling funds."

Blake gasped. "Are you serious? He had the audacity to say something like that after he was the one dipping in the till?"

Rosie's lips tightened and her brown eyes flashed in obvious anger. "He was interviewed by the local paper and I don't know what got into him. He started spouting off about his vision for the company and next thing you know he'd started wailing about how much of a challenge it would be to achieve those goals seeing that his business partner had bailed out on him suddenly."

Blake's lips curled in disgust. "That snake. I can't believe he would stoop so low. Stinking liar."

"I know." The heat had been creeping up Rosie's neck as she told the tale and now her face was a furious pink. "And to think, after all you've done to build that business, he know turns around and uses you for a scapegoat when he's the one to blame. He's the thief." Her voice was rising as she spoke.

Blake had to reach over and take her hand. "Watch your blood pressure, Mom. I don't want you to get sick over this."

"You should have reported him to the police like I told you," Rosie continued as if she hadn't heard a word Blake had just said. "The minute you realized he was siphoning money out of the partnership you should have let them lock him up."

Blake gave Rosie's hand a gentle squeeze. "I know, Mom. I could have and I should have. But, at the time it happened, how could I? Jerome was my fiance. When I found out, I was just a week away from becoming his wife."

CHAPTER FIVE

Before Blake left she'd given Ryder strict instructions. "If you run into any problems, go get Moonwalker," she'd told him. She'd gone so far as to take him over to the man's house where she'd done formal introductions and told Moonwalker that if Ryder burned the place down while she was away she was holding her old friend personally responsible. That meant Moonwalker would have to pass by and check on the place at least a couple of times a day. Ryder hadn't been too happy with that arrangement, not being used to having someone supervise him, but he guessed he would have to get used to it. After all, he was the one who had agreed to being bossed.

In the end it turned out that Moonwalker was a huge help, showing him how to set up the new stove and helping him dismantle Old Blue. Moonwalker even carted off the parts, saying that they were bound to come in handy in his metal works and craft shop. Ryder didn't mind. It was one less thing to worry about.

The first evening without Blake went smoothly and he was darned proud of himself. He'd been able to tend the bar and had even served sandwiches. There were only a few patrons that evening and he was glad. Word must have gotten out that Blake was away so most of her regulars, Ted included, did not show up.

By the second night the customers had dwindled to a measly three and, as stupid as it was, Ryder couldn't help it that his ego took a blow from the rapid decline in business. It was a given that Blake was a whole lot easier on the eyes but was he such a turn-off that even the regulars refused to show up?

It was kind of depressing and by day three he felt even further down in the dumps. He was missing Blake like hell. All right, so he was being a downright fool for feeling that way but ever since he'd arrived in Pequoia it was Blake who had made the biggest impression on him. It was Blake, and only Blake, who made him feel he could actually live in a godforsaken place like this.

And now that she was gone he was totally out of sorts. It was no wonder then, that when Peggy Thatcher showed up that afternoon he felt happy to see her, even though he would be at risk of having her chat his ears off.

"Last week I was telling the ladies in my sewing circle about you," she said. "They're all dying to meet you. Throw some clothes on and I'll take you over to Beth's. We're meeting at her house in half an hour."

Ryder raised his eyebrows and then he frowned. "Excuse me?"

"Go put some clothes on," Ms. Thatcher said, waving her hand at him. "There are only decent ladies in our group. How do you think it would look if I brought a man wearing nothing but a wife-beater?"

Apparently, she'd totally missed the point of his question. The day had been so hot that he'd been lounging on the bench by the side of the building, enjoying the shade cast there, wearing nothing but his jeans and undershirt. He hadn't been expecting visitors so he hadn't worried about dressing up. But that wasn't the problem. If he'd heard her right it sounded like Ms. Thatcher was planning to drag him off to her sewing meeting. There was no way that was going to happen. He cleared his throat. "I don't know a thing about sewing," he began.

"Silly boy," she said, cutting him off,"I'm not taking you there to sew anything. I'm just going to show you off." Then she gave him a sly look and a smile. "It's not every day I get the chance to make the girls jealous. Now, come on. Hurry up. I know you're not doing a thing. I spread the word that Blake's away and I told everybody to wait till further notice before they come over. I know Blake would want that."

So that was it. Miss Busybody was the cause of the sudden disappearance of his customer base. Ms. Thatcher certainly had no qualms in meddling in other people's business.

Ryder wasn't in the mood to hang out with a bunch of ladies, especially if they were all chatterboxes like this one. She'd ignored his objection to going but he decided to try again. "I'm terrible at conversation," he told her. "I'll be the death of your party."

"No such thing." The woman shook her head vigorously. "You're the talk of the town and I promised the girls you'd be there today. I wouldn't think of letting them down."

"You could have thought of asking me first."

His dry comment was met with a wave of the hand. "I know you're not trying to play shy with me. Now hurry up or else you're going to make me late." This was followed by an annoyed click of the tongue that told Ryder he might as well give up. The woman was determined that he should be today's guest of honor. It looked like he'd be fighting a losing battle so he wouldn't even bother to try.

After he was dressed to suit Peggy Thatcher's standards Ryder climbed into the good lady's Chevrolet sedan and played meek and humble, like a lamb to the slaughter. Sure, he could have insisted he wasn't going but what the heck. It didn't take anything off him to go through the trouble of humoring the lady. And, like she'd said, it wasn't like there was anything going on at Beaumont's, anyway.

Beth's house ended up being pretty close by. It took Ms. Thatcher less than five minutes to get there. In fact, it looked like they were early. Hers was the only car in Beth's driveway.

Ryder hopped out immediately and went around to the driver's side to help the lady out.

"Thank you, young man." She took his hand and pulled herself up and out of the seat. As she stood she stumbled and he had to grip both her arms to steady her. "You're a strong one," she said as she straightened up. "Nice and fit, which means you take care of yourself. I like that."

Ryder raised his eyebrows but he didn't bother to respond. He didn't think he'd ever met a lady so quick to speak her mind. She would definitely take some getting used to.

As they headed for the front porch he gave her his arm and she smiled, seeming pleased with the attention, when another car pulled up just as they got to the steps. She turned but she did not let go of his arm.

The woman behind the wheel was sporting a wide yellow sun hat with a red flower in the band. The smile on her face was just as sunny as her headgear. "Woohoo, Peggy. Don't lay claim to the goods before I get there." With an agility that belied her age she threw the car door open and hopped out then hurried toward them, her high-heel sandals clicking on the flagstones with each step she took.

"Barbara Bonner, you just slow down before you hurt yourself in your haste to get to Ryder. Should I remind you that your son is older than he is?" The words were waspish but the grin on Ms. Thatcher's face made it obvious that she was amused and more than a little pleased with her friend's reaction.

"Oh, please," Barbara said, brushing her off with a wave of her hand. "I can appreciate a handsome man when I see him, no matter what his age."

Ms. Thatcher wrinkled her nose. "It's not his age I'm worried about, it's yours. Your blood pressure spikes so easily, with the way you're carrying on you're liable to have a stroke within the hour."

Barbara ignored that comment and turned her attention to Ryder instead. "I'm Barbara," she said, her soft cheeks glowing as she smiled up at him. "I've heard so much about you and I have to say it looks like it's all true."

That remark was cause for him to raise his eyebrows. "From Ms. Thatcher?" he asked as he took her hand.

"It's Peggy," the lady in question said. "Don't start getting all formal with me."

"Yes, from Peggy," Barbara said. "She's been raving about you, about how handsome you are. She wasn't lying, that's for sure."

Ryder cleared his throat, embarrassed at the woman's open admiration. "I'm pleased to meet you Ms. Bonner. Barbara."

"Likewise."

Now it was Peggy's turn to clear her throat. She tugged on Ryder's arm. "Let's get on inside before Beth starts wondering what we're doing, standing around on her front porch like this."

When they got inside Ryder found that Beth wasn't the only woman there. He was introduced to their hostess, a sweet white-haired lady, as well as to Sarah, Bridget and Martha. "My husband dropped us off and left with the car," Sarah explained then shook her head. "There's a baseball game on T.V.. He couldn't get away fast enough."

A few minutes later another woman arrived and then another until Ryder found himself surrounded by a bevy of ladies, all chattering excitedly around him.

"Who are your relations?" one of them asked him.

"When did you get here?" was the query from another.

"Are you going to stay?"

At that last query, Peggy sat back in her chair and folded her arms across her bosom. "He's staying," she said firmly, "if I have anything to do with it. He's perfect for our Blake."

And, as if they'd forgotten he was sitting right there among them, the women took off with a heated discussion on how they could guarantee his union with Blake.

Ryder didn't say a word. He just kept his mouth shut and let them have their fun.

But when the topic of the conversation changed he knew he was in trouble, at least as far as these ladies' plan was concerned.

"What kind of babies do you think they'll have?" Beth asked.

"I don't know and I don't care," Peggy declared. "All I know is, they'd better have lots of them."

***

Blake was up early next morning, intent on dealing with her problem immediately. If Jerome Slater thought he could get away with slander he'd better think again.

When she walked into the kitchen her mother was already there. "Hi, Mom. Whatcha doin'?" She went over and gave her mother a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Morning, honey. I guessed you'd be up early. I'm making you some warm cereal. Oatmeal."

"Thanks, Mom." Blake went over and flopped down on the closest chair then propped her elbows on the kitchen table. She watched as her mother turned back to the stove to stir the stuff she was preparing and it was when she found herself staring at the back of her mother's head that she realized that a lot more gray hairs had sprung up since the last time she'd seen her.

Life had never been easy for Rosie. A single mother for much of her adult life, Rosie had married Blake's father after graduate school, just as she hit the quarter century mark. She'd been working three years as a business analyst in an accounting firm when she got pregnant, which would not have been a problem if she'd been in a happy marriage. As it was, she'd been contemplating asking her husband for a divorce when it happened.

Instead of giving new life to the marriage, with the pregnancy things deteriorated. Ernest Beaumont had always been a controlling husband, domineering and overly possessive. With the expected arrival of their child he became even more so, demanding that she give up her position at the accounting firm.

After much resistance she finally gave in, quit her job and dedicated herself to preparing for the arrival of their first child. She figured she could always enter the workforce again, once the baby entered a daycare program. As she'd told Blake many years later, she'd thought that was the perfect plan. Ernest shot it down cold, telling her that once she became a mother he expected her to remain at home to care for their child.

It was the last straw. The divorce came through before Blake was even born and when Ernest refused to support their child Rosie didn't even bother to take him to court. He made no effort to be a part of his daughter's life even though Rosie emailed him photos of each of Blake's little milestones - her first tooth, her graduation from nursery school, her first day at kindergarten. No amount of arguing or pleading would make the man bend his rigid stance. He was divorced from Rosie and anything...or anyone...to do with her.

Because Ernest's parents had both passed away the only contact Rosie had with his family was a great uncle who still lived in the remote community of Pequoia. Desperate to maintain even one small link with Blake's Beaumont roots, Rosie took to sending occasional photos to this great uncle and he seemed to take great pleasure from them because he always wrote back and thanked her.

When Blake was eleven her mother remarried but that relationship was just as short-lived as the first. Within a couple of years Rosie was single again and this time she had two mouths to feed in addition to her own. This time around she was not so generous and made sure that Rebecca's father made his contribution to his child's welfare. Thankfully, he remained a part of his daughter's life and would have frequent conversations with her on Skype even though he now lived in Europe.

Blake knew very well how stressful life had been for her mother and she did everything in her power to make things easier for her. That was why she had chosen business management as her major. She'd been determined to become a super-successful businesswoman so she could provide for her mother.

And that plan had been working out fine...until Jerome Slater came into the picture. Why she'd given in to his pleas and made him a partner in her business, she would never know.

But actually, she did know. The problem was, she'd succumbed to his silky charm. He'd been such a seducer that she hadn't just given him access to her business. She'd even given him access to her heart.

And then he'd gone and used it against her.

"Here you go, sweetheart." Rosie brought a steaming bowl of oatmeal porridge and placed it in front of Blake, who drew in a deep breath.

"Mmm. Smells so good. Just like home." She dipped the spoon into the creamy porridge, took a taste then closed her eyes as she savored the cinnamon flavor. "I miss your cooking. You're the best, Mom."

Rosie chuckled. "And if you keep the compliments coming you know I'll be cooking for you till I take my last breath."

When Blake was halfway through her cereal Becky walked in, dressed in shorts and a Jonas Brothers T-Shirt. She looked surprised to see Blake at the breakfast table. "How come you're up so early? Who gets up at this hour when they're on vacation?" She dropped onto the chair beside her sister. "Morning, Mom." She gave their mother a wave.

"Got lots to do, Squirt. This isn't a vacation." She dipped up another spoonful of oatmeal.

"What do you have to do?" Becky asked, looking curious. "I thought your business was only in Pequoia now."

Blake's hand stilled and the spoon that was on its way to her mouth froze midway. She lowered it back into the bowl.

"My business is in Dallas," she said gravely. "Today I'm going to exterminate a rodent."

CHAPTER SIX

If there was one thing Peggy Thatcher loved it was her plants. And they didn't have to be flowers, either. Ferns, Ficus trees, vines and creepers - anything would do. When she wasn't busy mayoring her little town she was outdoors digging in her vegetable garden or turning the soil at the roots of her fruit trees. Sun, sky and dirt - that was her heaven.

Today, as was her habit, she whistled as she dug away, so caught up in her task that she almost missed noticing that she was no longer alone. It was that bright yellow hat that gave Barbara away. She would never be able to sneak up on a soul with that glaring thing on.

"Well, you're in a good mood today," she said as she walked around to the side of the house where Peggy had her patch of dug-up earth.

"And why shouldn't I be?" Peggy straightened and began pulling the gloves off her hands. "Aren't I always in a good mood?"

"Not really," Barbara said, her tone dry as chip. "You're happiest when you've been meddling in someone else's business. What have you been up to? Who've you been messing with now?"

Her hands now free of the gloves, Peggy dropped the protective gardening gear on top of the cobbled pathway and jammed a fist on one hip. "I haven't been messing with anybody, Miss Nosy Parker."

"Maybe not since this morning, you haven't. But what about poor Ryder? You almost scared him off with all your talk about weddings and babies."

"Hey, I wasn't the only one." Peggy was frowning as she threw out the reminder. "From what I can recall you were the loudest one, singing praises for Blake." She pursed her lips and adopted a simpering pose, one hand up and limp at the wrist. "She's such a sweet girl," she said in a high, falsetto voice. "A man would be a fool to let her slip through his fingers."

"I do not talk like that." Now it was Barbara's turn to frown. "You take that back, Peggy Thatcher."

Peggy laughed. "All right, all right. Maybe you don't sound that bad but your voice does get squeaky when you get excited."

Barbara gave her a rueful grin. "Maybe just a little bit." She walked over to the garden bench that had been set in the shade of an apple tree. There she made herself comfortable, sinking down onto it with a sigh and stretching her legs out in front of her.

"But seriously, though," she said as she stared at her sandaled feet with interest, "why were you giving Ryder such a hard time? If he likes Blake he'll ask her out in his own time."

"And that's what I'm afraid of," Peggy said and went over to join Barbara on the bench. "His own time could take forever."

"But what's that got to do with you? Shouldn't that be Blake's concern? And remember, he's been in town just shy of a week. Apart from the fact that he's handsome and charming, what in the world do we know about him?"

At those words Peggy gave a grunt. As usual, Barbara was the voice of reason. "You're right," Peggy said. "I'm an old fool and I got carried away. It's just that Blake's not getting any younger. I don't want her to make the same mistake I did."

"What's in the past is in the past, Peggy. You don't turn back the clock." Barbara reached over and patted her friend on the knee. "And you can't live your life through someone else."

Peggy gave a soft grunt and then she looked away. "You know me better than anyone. You know what a mess I've made of my life. I don't want it to happen to Blake. I've known her less than a year but she's the closet thing I have to a daughter."

"Yes, but she's got to live her own life."

"I know, but what if I help her along? If I'd had someone to guide me when I was young maybe I would have a husband and a family right now. Maybe some grandkids." Her voice turned wistful. "I don't want Blake to end up like me."

"You have a pretty good life, Peggy. Everybody knows you and loves you." Barbara gave her a gentle smile. "You've done well for yourself. You're mayor of our town."

Peggy shook her head. "But it's not the same. You know that." She drew in her breath then, slowly, she let it out with a deep sigh. "I could have had a family but I threw it all away. I was too independent."

"You did what was right for you at the time."

Lost in her memories of the past, hardly hearing what Barbara was saying, the words continued to spill out of Peggy's mouth. "When Jeffery asked me to marry him I turned him down even though I loved him. I was so confident back then. I told him I wasn't ready. I had too much to do. How could I tie myself down when there was so much to accomplish? I hadn't even finished my degree yet." She grimaced and then a smile crept onto her lips but it was a slow, bitter smile. "I actually thought he would wait for me. Can you imagine that? I did my first degree and then moved on to a graduate degree and even a second one, sure the whole time that I could count on Jeff to be there waiting when I was good and ready to settle down. What a laugh."

Barbara, like the good friend she'd been over the years, sat there listening, not interrupting, just letting her spill her regretful thoughts all over the garden lawn. When she did make a move it was to shift on the bench and slide an arm around Peggy's shoulder. "Don't beat yourself up about a decision you made when you were young. You thought it was the best decision and it worked out in your favor in many ways."

"When I got back he'd left town," Peggy said, hardly hearing what Barbara was saying. "He'd joined the army. I got on with my life, thinking he'd be back some day. He never did come back. Last thing I heard from his old aunt, he'd gotten married and had a family. He was the one man I ever loved and I let him walk away, just like that." She sighed again then shook her head. "The stupidity of youth."

For a while there was silence, Peggy lost in thought and Barbara letting her be. It was Peggy who broke that silence with a matter-of-fact click of the tongue. "But enough of that," she said, her voice full of forced cheeriness. "That's all in the past. Right now it's time to look to the future. Blake's future." She hopped up onto her feet and when she looked down at Barbara she was smiling. "And I want to make Blake happy."

But Barbara wasn't smiling back. Gaze narrowed, she pointed a finger at her friend. "Peggy," she said, her tone terse, "I'm warning you. No meddling."

Peggy only laughed. "Who's meddling? I'm only ensuring the happiness of my semi-adopted daughter. I just want her to have a chance with Ryder. All she has to do is check him out. After that, she can reject him if they don't mesh. But I want her to have that chance."

"Peggy, what did I tell you?"

"Ryder's right for her, Barbara. I can feel it. Right here." She stabbed a stiff thumb into the middle of her chest. "It's the same feeling I had with Jeff. We have to give this thing a chance."

"What thing? This is of your own invention."

"Good afternoon, ladies. Mighty fine afternoon, isn't it?"

Both women whipped around to see Ted Granger coming up the driveway. As usual he was dressed in boots, jeans and the same brown Stetson he'd been wearing for the past ten years. The poor hat was way past the retirement stage but would the man get rid of it? He was so attached to the thing, if he'd had a wife she'd be jealous of the relationship.

"Hey, Ted," Peggy and Barbara said in unison then Peggy slid her hands into the back pocket of her jeans and straightened. "What brings you by?" She gave him a suspicious look, not quite a glare, but she knew Ted like the back of her hand. After so many decades of living in the same town with him she knew that the wider he smiled the more careful you'd better be around him. And, for some reason, today's grin looked mighty suspicious.

"Oh, not a whole lot." By this time he'd reached close enough for them to get a whiff of his cologne. Old Spice. As always. "I just came by to see if you'd heard about the surprise birthday supper they're having for old Ezekiel. Are you going?" He slid both hands into the back pockets of his jeans, mimicking Peggy's stance.

She frowned. "Of course I'm going. It was my idea to throw him a surprise party."

"Oh? I didn't know that." He'd raised his eyebrows in surprise but then he smiled. "But I should have guessed, shouldn't I? So, you want me to come get you tomorrow?"

"No." Her answer was quick and brutal. "I know where Ezekiel lives. I can get there by myself."

Barbara cleared her throat and then she threw Peggy a cutting glare but, to her credit, she didn't say a word.

Still, the look had the effect Barbara intended. Peggy felt suitably chastised. She'd given a biting response to a simple question and that had been uncalled for. She'd been touchy with Ted but lately he just seemed to rub her the wrong way. She sighed. Time to be nice. "I'll probably have to make a stop on the way to Ezekiel's," she explained. "I'll see you at the party."

"No problem," he said with a shrug. "Maybe we can take a walk another time." He glanced across at Barbara who sat watching from her seat on the bench. He gave her a bow then tipped his hat. "Enjoy the rest of the afternoon, ladies," he said then turned and sauntered off, back down the pathway and around to the front gate, whistling as he went.

"He likes you, Peggy. A whole lot. But I'm sure you already know that."

"Excuse me?" Peggy turned from how she'd been standing, staring after Ted, and glared down at her friend. "What in the dickens are you talking about?"

"I'm talking romance. Love. It's in the air." Barbara had a glint in her eye and a satisfied smirk on her lips.

"Not in the air around me, it's not."

"Well, it's in the air around Ted. He's smitten. Can't you see that?"

"Not by me," was Peggy's sharp retort. "I've known Ted all my life and from day one he's been nothing but a troublemaker."

Barbara rolled her eyes. "Just because he stole a kiss when you were five years old. That was over five decades years ago. Get over it."

"He's done lots more over the years-"

"And all because he likes you. Why don't you give him a chance? He might be the one to stir those old embers of yours."

"Who? That messy old coot?"

"Oh, you be quiet. He's all of six months older than you are."

"Old enough for me to call him an old coot. Forget about him." She waved a dismissive hand. "It's those kids I want to talk about. Blake and Ryder make such a handsome couple." She took two steps to the bench and dropped back down onto it beside Barbara then leaned toward her friend.

"I'm going to make Blake happy," she said, her voice vibrating with determination, "if it's the last thing I do."

CHAPTER SEVEN

"To what do I owe the pleasure?"

Jerome Slater had the slimiest of smirks on his lips as he leaned back in his chair. He hadn't even shown the courtesy of getting to his feet when Blake entered the office. In fact, as she stood there in the middle of the room glaring across at him, he lifted his arms and, as casual as you please, he folded them behind his head and raised his feet to prop them on the edge of his desk.

"This is no pleasure." Teeth clenched, she could hardly get the words out, she was so enraged. "I never had any intention of setting foot in this place ever again, not after what you did to me. I thought you'd done your worst but I was wrong. I would never have believed anyone would sink so low, not even you."

Jerome chuckled and shook his head, making strands of his blond hair fall across his forehead. It gave him a boyish look, that same damned look that had been her downfall. That innocent image, it was the ruse he used to draw women in. She knew that only too well. "Blake, Blake, Blake." He said her name with every shake of his head. "Why so harsh? I was only telling the truth."

"The truth? You go to the press with a story that I stole from the company and you call that the truth? You piece of slime, it's a stinking lie and you know it."

Instead of wilting in shame, Jerome's smile grew even wider. "Stole from the company? But I didn't say that at all."

"No, but you implied it. You knew exactly what you were doing when you said those things about me," she grated, her fists clenched at her sides. He didn't know how close she was to slapping that self-satisfied grin off his face. "You made sure you made statements too vague for me to quote you and haul you off to court but you did your damage all the same." She gave a snort of disgust. "So you didn't think you hurt me enough? You weaseled your way into my life and then you betrayed me. You used me for your own ends. I walked away. I let you have it all. Wasn't that enough?"

There was an almost imperceptible change in the smug look in his eyes, making Blake wonder if she'd finally gotten through to his conscience but then it disappeared and his lips tightened. "You ran away from me, Blake. I asked you to marry me and as soon as we got to a slight bump in the road you dropped me like a piece of hot coal and skipped town."

"A slight bump in the road? Is that what you call it?" Blake stared at Jerome, not believing what he was saying. "I took you on as a business partner and you stole from me. You betrayed my trust. Did you honestly think I would go through with the wedding?"

"I didn't steal the money. I just borrowed it. I would have told you."

"Yeah, right. I may have been stupid enough to accept your marriage proposal but I'm not so stupid that I'd believe that or anything else you have to say."

His blue eyes flashing with something akin to anger, Jerome dropped his feet to the floor and sat forward in his chair. "I told you I loved you, Blake, and I meant it. But what did you do? For no good reason at all you ditched me at the last minute and embarrassed me in front of my friends and my family. How do you think I felt when I was left to tell everybody that the wedding was off?"

"I don't care how you felt. You should have thought of that when you embezzled my money." Fighting hard to stay in control of her emotions, she folded her arms across her chest. It was either that or strangle him.

"Our money. The money I took was part mine."

Blake drew in her breath then let it out and as she did she was shaking her head. "You don't get it, do you? You took the money without permission. Without my knowledge. Do you know what that's called?"

"All right, all right, so I took the money. So what? All we had to do was talk about it. I would have explained everything to you but you never gave me a chance. You hightailed it out of here so fast and you made sure I wouldn't know where to find you. Your mother kept her mouth shut, tight as a trap." Then he chuckled. "But I came up with the perfect plan. I got you to come back to Dallas, didn't I?"

Blake sucked in her breath, her hands falling to her sides as she took an involuntary step forward. "You...you planned this? That news story was bait?"

"Ah, now you're learning, my sweet. Old Jerome isn't quite the fool you thought he was." Then, before she'd recovered from the shock, he was up and out of his chair and walking toward her. His hands shot out and he gripped her upper arms. "I still want you, Blake." His eyes intensely blue, his words came out in an urgent whisper. "This was the only way I could find you. I had to make you come back."

"What the hell?" Recovering from her initial shock, Blake wrenched her arm from his grip. "Are you crazy? Do you really expect me to even consider coming back to you? Why in the name of all that's holy would I ever do something like that?"

"Because I want you," he said softly. "Because I still love you." And then he gave her his classic Jerome Slater puppy dog look, the one that was supposed to melt her heart and make her collapse into his arms. Well, it wasn't going to happen. Not today. Not ever.

She was just parting her lips to tell him that when he pounced. Before she could react he'd reached out and grabbed her again and dragged her into his arms. Although he was slightly shorter than she was, he was strong, and when he clamped her arms to her sides she could not move. Then he dipped his head and captured her lips in a kiss full of possession and control.

And it left her cold.

When Jerome lifted his head she was panting but passion had nothing to do with it. She was panting with rage.

"Let me go, you jerk." She was clenching her teeth again, straining against him, trying to tear herself out of his arms.

He was laughing now, obviously amused by her struggles. "I'll let you go," he said with a chuckle, "just as long as you know that you're mine and always will be. I'll never let you escape me again." With those words he loosened his arms, letting her stumble back and away from him.

"I'll never come back to you." She spat the words at him. "Not if you were the last man on earth."

Looking confident, he shook his head. "Oh, you will," he said, his lips twisting in an acidic smile. "By the time I'm done with your reputation, no man on earth will want you but me."

***

Ryder was no great chef but he could find his way around the kitchen and he was determined that when his guests arrived he would have something reasonable to offer them. After all, this was Pequoia. You had to have a meal to offer when company came by.

Moonwalker had sent word that he and his wife would be stopping by that evening to check on him. More like checking on the place, Ryder was sure. He knew that Blake must have asked her friend to make sure he didn't trash the place while she was gone, or at least hadn't pocketed whatever was of value and disappeared. He wasn't the least bit offended that she felt she had to do that. She was being sensible, that was all. He wouldn't have expected otherwise.

And so, aiming to impress, he made sure the restaurant was spotless and every glass was gleaming. As it approached the hour for his visitors to arrive he set the table and even went as far as to take the vase of fabric flowers off the counter and place it in the middle of the table he'd prepared. When he looked at his handiwork he grinned. Mother Kent would be more than shocked to see her son so domesticated.

When the bell over the front door tinkled to signal the arrival of his guests Ryder was dressed and ready to meet and greet. He loped over and opened the door and found himself staring down at a diminutive woman with brown hair and soft brown eyes to match. She was smiling up at him and in her hands was a dish of some sort, covered with a red and white checkered cloth.

"Hello, Ryder," she said in an easy tone as if she had known him all her life. "I thought you might like some apple pie." She held the package out to him and when he took it her smile widened. "Walker told me you had a sweet tooth."

Ryder raised his eyebrows. "He did?" Then he glanced over at Moonwalker who was standing just behind his wife, a protective hand on her shoulder.

He nodded. "Blake told me," he said, his voice as solemn as the first time they'd met. "She said you had a weakness for sweet stuff. I heard you devoured more than half a pound cake in one sitting."

Ryder grimaced. "She told you that?" News certainly got around in Pequoia. Then, more than ready to change the subject, he smiled down at his benefactor. "Thank you for your thoughtful gift, Mrs.-"

"Call me Carmela," she said. "And you're very welcome. Just don't eat it all at once."

He shook his head. "I most certainly won't." Stepping aside, he ushered the couple in and by their reaction he could see he'd achieved his goal. They were looking around the room and he could tell they were impressed.

"I've never seen this place look so good." Moonwalker let out a low whistle as he stepped in. "Blake's going to love the way you cleaned up."

Carmela, though, was frowning. "Did you have a cleaning crew in here? This is some major work you've done. What happened to the old rugs and curtains? And where's the rickety old table that used to be under the window?"

Ryder shrugged. "I just decided the place could do with a facelift. I found a place in the shed out back to store the old stuff not being used anymore and I gave the rest of the furniture a good cleaning. That was all they needed."

Carmela raised her eyebrows, her look still incredulous. "Well, I'll be a toad's nose. Walker told me you were a strong fellow but for you to do all that by yourself? Well." She said the last word like she disapproved.

Ryder only smiled and waved her over to the table. "Please. Have a seat. I'll be right back with your meal." As they made themselves comfortable he headed off to the kitchen and within minutes was back with a tray laden with a soup tureen and bowls filled with steaming vegetables, potatoes and sweet corn. He had to go back to the oven to get his piece de resistance - roast beef garnished with baby carrots. It was one of his favorite meals and his mother had made sure that if he knew nothing else he would know how to cook this one.

"Oh, my." Carmela's eyes widened as he laid the tray in front of her. "You cooked this?" She looked up at him, brown eyes wide. "By yourself?"

She looked so surprised that Ryder had to laugh. "Sure. I'm not a total novice in the kitchen, you know. I can help myself."

"You can do more than that," she gushed, then she drew in a deep breath. "This smells so good. I'm sure it's going to be delicious." Then she gave him a cheeky smile. "Where were you when I was looking for a husband? Walker can't cook to save his life."

Moonwalker didn't look the least bit perturbed by his wife's comment. He just gave her a crooked grin. "The boy wasn't even born then," he said as he reached over and patted her arm. "Sorry, sweetheart. You're stuck with me."

"Aw, shoot." She put on a look of mock disappointment that had both men laughing.

After that, Ryder sat down with the couple and they made short work of the meal in front of them. In fact, it wasn't long before Ryder realized that, small though she was, Carmela could pack away a good amount of grub. She didn't play with food. That much was clear.

It was while they were enjoying slices of Carmela's pie that the questions began. As friendly as Moonwalker had been all evening, from his questions it was clear that he hadn't come to Beaumont's to chitchat. He'd come to get answers.

"So what really made you come to Pequoia?" he asked as he leaned back in his chair and folded his hands across his belly. "Blake gave me some crazy story about you getting lost but you can level with me. What's your angle?"

Time for the third degree. From the moment Moonwalker walked in the door he'd been expecting this. "No angle," he said, his voice cool. "What you heard was true. I was on my way to Marfa and went off track. I ended up here."

"A lucky turn of events, if you ask me. Blake must be glad you showed up."

At her words, Moonwalker threw a skeptical glance his wife's way but she didn't seem to notice. He turned his attention back to Ryder. "On your way to Marfa, huh? Not many people head to that little town."

Carmela chuckled. "It's bigger than Pequoia."

Looking slightly annoyed that she'd disturbed his questioning a second time, Moonwalker sighed. "Be that as it may, the question is, why would a man like you be heading for Marfa in the first place?"

"I was on my way to Mexico and decided to check out the town. I'd heard about it lots of times but just never been there." Ryder stared across at the older man, watching the doubt flit across his face.

"On the way to Mexico, huh? I wonder why?" Then he cocked his head to one side as if a new thought struck him. "Say, you ain't got a job or something? A young fellow like you, just driving around the country? Seems kinda strange."

Ryder paused for a moment and just sat there regarding Moonwalker with narrowed gaze. He didn't like having to answer to anyone, not about his motives or his plans. He was about to say just that when something stopped him. It was the almost imperceptible flash of concern that flickered in Moonwalker's eyes. The man was questioning him out of concern for Blake. The least he could do was assuage his fears.

"I own a business," he explained. "I have competent managers, which frees me up to be away for extended periods of time." Then he grimaced. "But this is the first time I've been away so long without making contact. Telegrams aren't going to cut it."

Moonwalker stared back at him. "Which means?"

"Which means I'm going to have to leave soon. As soon as Blake gets back I'll be packing up."

"Oh, no. Just when we're getting to know you. What a shame." Carmela looked genuinely disappointed. "Blake's going to be upset when she hears that you're leaving."

"Going back to your business, huh? What kind of business is that?" Moonwalker wasn't paying attention to his wife or her lament. Eyes narrowed, he was staring at Ryder, looking skeptical as ever.

"The dairy business," Ryder told him. He might as well come clean. Moonwalker would not believe him otherwise. "Ever heard of the Cozy Cow brand?"

"Sure have. It's all over Texas. All across the country, it's so big. What's that got to do with you?"

"Let's just say, I've got a stake in the business."

It was only then that a new light shone in Moonwalker's eyes and this time they were glowing with respect. "So you're a shareholder, huh? Not bad for such a young fella. It looks like you're making some wise decisions in your youth. Not bad." By the time he said the last word he was grinning broadly.

"You're just the kind of man Blake needs around here. Are you sure you have to head back so soon?" Carmela's look was so beseeching that Ryder was tempted to change his mind. But then, who was he kidding? He couldn't disappear in this wilderness forever. He had a business to run. Not to mention, he had to go check on his parents. Outside of a postcard he'd mailed them two days after he got to Pequoia they hadn't heard a word from him in days.

"Yes, ma'am, it's time for me to go." His tone was brisk, leaving no leeway for counter argument. "I've been gone too long already. I'll tell Blake as soon as she gets back."

"She sent me a telegram," Moonwalker said as he patted the left pocket of his shirt then pulled out a cigar. "She'll be back tomorrow."

And as crazy as it was, at the man's words Ryder felt his heart jerk in anticipation. He was looking forward to seeing his 'boss' again.

CHAPTER EIGHT

It was good to be back. Blake couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief as she pulled into the gravelly front yard of Beaumont's. This place had been her escape, her refuge for so many months and now it was even more than that. As ancient as the building was and as tiny and remote the town, this was the place that, for her, felt like home.

And here, far from Dallas and the city life, there was no Jerome Slater to contend with.

Heaving another sigh, a heavier one this time, Blake climbed out of her truck, pulled the back passenger door open and dragged her duffle bag off the seat. The second sigh had nothing to do with being home. It had everything to do with Jerome Slater and the fact that her issues with him were far from resolved.

She slammed the back door shut and was just turning to face the building when she heard his voice. Ryder Kent, the man who had become the other source of worry in her life.

Not that he had any idea about that. How could he know that when she hadn't been stressed out by thoughts of the slimy snake she'd left back in Dallas, he'd been the one on her mind? And if ever there was a cause for worry, that was it. The last thing she needed right now was to start having feelings for a man, especially one who would probably be gone soon.

Now, though, as she heard him call her name her heart gave an involuntary skip. As strange as it was, she'd missed Ryder and now that she was here she had to admit it - he was a big part of the reason she was so glad to be home.

"Hello, stranger. Welcome back." He'd just stepped out of the front door and was down the steps and halfway to the truck in seconds, his long legs making short work of the distance between them. And he was looking as delicious as ever, the muscles of his shoulders and abs rippling beneath the thin cotton of his white T-shirt. "How was your trip?"

He was standing right in front of her now, so close that Blake could reach out and touch him. And she was tempted to do it. So tempted.

But she didn't.

"It was...all right," she said and tried her best to return his smile with a bright and cheerful one of her own. She failed. Miserably. The smile she gave Ryder was too shaky to fool anybody.

Even as he took the duffle bag from her hand and slung it over his shoulder Ryder was frowning down at her. "Are you okay?"

She tried harder and this time she managed to draw her lips into a smile. "Fine," she said, the word sounding tight and strained. An actress, she was not. She'd always been terrible at faking her feelings.

Ryder tilted his head toward the front door. "Come on. Let's get you inside. We've got to talk."

Blake didn't even bother to object. What was the use? She'd had a terrible time in Dallas and Ryder could see it all over her face. She'd gone there thinking she could bully Jerome into retracting his statements, only to find out that she'd fallen for his ploy. Everything he'd said had been designed to bring her back to Dallas and the devious devil's plan had worked. Except that she hadn't stuck around for him to dig his claws any deeper into her. She got out of there fast and she made sure he had no idea where she'd disappeared to. Pequoia was the one place she could go and feel safe.

But still, it was so depressing, knowing that Jerome had won this round. From here on she would be careful. He would never get a second chance to get the better of her.

"What's on your mind?" They were inside now and Ryder was watching her, his dark eyes skimming her face. "There's something troubling you. Want to talk about it?" He was pulling out a chair for her even as he let the duffle bag slide off his shoulder and onto the floor.

Blake grimaced. She didn't feel much like talking but from the look in Ryder's eyes she could tell he wasn't going to take that for an answer. He knew something was up and she could see he wasn't going to let her go without some kind of explanation. She drew in her breath then slid onto the seat he was offering her. She waited while he took the chair across from her. It was while she was waiting for him that she looked up and noticed something. The place looked different...in a good sort of way.

She frowned and sat up in her chair then turned and looked around. "What have you done with the place?" she asked. "It looks...new." She looked around some more and realized there was no threadbare rug on the floor. There were no faded curtains in the windows. Those windows that had been so covered with desert dust you couldn't see through them were now gleaming bright and so clear you could look through and see for miles in the distance.

"How the heck did you get this place to look so good? I've been scrubbing those windows for months." She turned back to stare at Ryder. "You just removed decades worth of dust in days. How did you do it?"

Ryder gave a soft chuckle. "I gained a couple more muscles in the process."

Blake nodded slowly. "I can see that." And she really could. Maybe it was all in her head but it really did look like his shoulders had gotten broader and the muscles of his arms had grown harder since she'd left town.

"But enough about that." Ryder sat forward in his chair, his dark eyes focused on her. "I thought you would come back upbeat after your trip to Dallas. Instead, you look like you've got more worries now than before you left. What gives?"

She paused, wondering how she could assuage his curiosity without giving away too much. Then she drew in a steadying breath and began. "It's my ex business partner. The one who made me walk away from my business and leave Dallas. I got word that he's been spreading vicious rumors about me. All lies." The anger rising in her as the memory flooded back, she'd begun to clench her fists as she spoke and she had to make an effort to release the tension that was taking hold of her. "I rushed back to Dallas, thinking I could put a stop to it but he was smart. He made sure that everything he said about me were just insinuations. There was nothing concrete. Nothing I could use to nail him to the wall."

"Insinuations about what? Something damaging to your reputation?"

"You got that right. The bastard made it seem like the reason I left town was because I'd dipped into company funds." She expelled her breath in a frustrated rush. "I still can't believe it. He made it look like I was guilty of the very thing he'd done. He was the one who embezzled money from the company."

Eyes narrowed, Ryder stared at her and for a moment he said nothing, obviously shocked by what she'd just told him. "You were in partnership with this man?" he asked, his tone serious.

"Yes."

"And he stole from the company yet you were the one who left town. Why?"

Blake didn't look at Ryder. She dropped her gaze and stared at her clasped hands as they rested on the table. To hear him say it, it sounded so stupid. It was usually the guilty party who skipped town, not the innocent one. Any sane person would ask the very question that Ryder was asking.

And that was part of the problem. The fact that she'd suddenly left town had made it so easy for Jerome to fabricate stories. "I had my reasons," she said, her voice low. How could she tell him how shocked and hurt she'd been when she found out how her husband-to-be had betrayed her trust? How could she share the fact that she'd been utterly devastated? She shook her head. "I trusted him," she said simply, "with all my heart. When he turned around and stabbed me in the back I couldn't deal with it. Maybe I should have stayed to fight it out with him but at the time I couldn't. It was just...too much."

That was as much as she was prepared to say. She'd probably said too much already. Ryder would just have to draw his own conclusions and if he thought she was a wimp then so be it.

But when he spoke again his voice was quiet, non-judgmental. "You had a partnership," he said, "which means the business was yours just as much as it was his. You were prepared to walk away from that?"

She shook her head again but this time she raised her eyes to meet his. "I walked away because I needed time to deal with all that was happening. I would have gone back to deal with him, or at least to dissolve my side of the business, but I needed to be in a fantasy world for a while, one where the business, Jerome, none of that existed." She tightened her lips then she sighed. "I went back to Dallas but I wasn't ready."

As if he understood what she was saying, Ryder nodded. "You do what you have to do in your own time. When you're ready." Then he reached out and placed his big hand over both of hers. "Just know that I'm here when you're ready to deal with this. When it comes to attorneys I only work with the best."

That brought a wan smile to her lips. She had no idea what business Ryder was in, to need the services of top-notch attorneys, but she was grateful for his show of interest in her problems. "When I'm ready to sue you're the first person I'll call."

He smiled back. "You do that." Then he withdrew his hand, leaving her feeling somehow bereft, and leaned back in his chair. She was surprised when the smile on his face was replaced by a serious look. "And speaking of the lawyers I work with, there's something I have to tell you."

"Yes? What?" For some reason she felt a sudden twinge of apprehension.

"I'm going to be leaving soon. I have business I have to take care of, business that can't wait any longer."

Blake drew in her breath and then she sat back, too, hoping he couldn't see how much his words affected her. She'd been expecting this. She just hadn't thought it would happen so soon. "When?" she asked, keeping her tone casual.

"Tomorrow."

***

It was pretty early in the morning when Ryder heard Blake stirring. He heard a door close and then footsteps down the hallway and he could guess she was on her way down to start breakfast. He'd thought she would rest in, it being her first full day back, but he guessed he was wrong, which meant he'd better make a move, too. If Blake planned to open Beaumont's for breakfast she would need his help.

A quick splash in the bathroom had him downstairs within fifteen minutes of Blake's descent. She was sitting on one of the bar stools, her back to him. "Mornin'," he said as he walked into the room. "Breakfast assistant at your service, boss."

At the sound of his voice she swiveled around on the stool and gave him a smile, but it was a weak one. "Morning back to you. You're ready for work? Aren't you supposed to be leaving today?"

"Yup, but I can't leave without getting you through the morning rush." He rubbed his hands together. "Where do you want me to start?"

That got him a slightly stronger smile. "I want you to grab a chair and make yourself comfortable." She was sliding off the bar stool as she spoke. "I'm going to make you a healthy breakfast this morning. You're going to need it. You've got a long drive ahead of you."

He cocked his head to one side. "And while you're feeding me who's going to be feeding the hungry hordes who'll soon be passing through?"

She shook her head. "Nobody. Beaumont's is still closed. I just got back. Nobody's expecting me to open today." She slid her hands into the back pockets of her jeans. "And besides, this is the last chance I'll get to spoil you. You deserve it." She jerked her head toward the closest table. "Now, sit."

He raised his eyebrows. "Yes, ma'am." Then, just like his boss ordered, he sat.

Twenty minutes later Blake placed a tray laden with breakfast food in front of him - flapjacks, grits, bacon and eggs with black coffee and a tall glass of orange juice. As mouth-watering as it looked he'd never been an eater of big breakfasts and what Blake put in front of him would surely weigh him down. "You're going to share this with me." It wasn't a question but a statement of fact and as he spoke he was pulling out the chair beside him.

"Too much for you?" she gave him a teasing smile. "A hard working man like you needs to eat."

"Not this much," he said as he rose to pull out her chair properly. "Have a seat."

When she did, he walked over to the bar and grabbed a glass. When he got back to the table he poured half of his juice into it. "That's for you." He slid it in front of her then sat down. "And you're going to start this off." He pushed the flapjacks under her nose. "Now get to eating."

Ryder was surprised when Blake did a pretty good job of it. She ate almost half of the meal, much to his satisfaction, and when he ate what she'd left behind it was the perfect amount to fill him up without making him feel stuffed.

When they were all done he gathered up the plates, saucers, glasses and cups and headed toward the kitchen. "I'm washing up," he said over his shoulder, "and then I've got work to do."

"What kind of work?" she called after him but he didn't stop to answer. She would see, soon enough.

Later, when the dishes were clean Ryder threw off his shirt and headed out to the back yard with Blake in tow. "I made you a vegetable garden," he said. "You've got a lot of good, fertile land here. You've got to use it up."

When they got to the garden plot Blake gave a gasp of surprise. "This is huge," she said, her look one of admiration. "When did you find the time to do all this work?"

Ryder shrugged. "You were gone. The business was closed. I had a lot of time on my hands." He didn't tell her the time he'd spent working in the garden had been therapy for him. It was time he had used to think. "I just want to get this soil tilled before I go. Give them a fighting chance once I go."

Blake put a hand on her hip. "Are you saying I'm going to kill your precious plants? I may not have a green thumb but I'm no plant killer."

"That may be," he said as he bent to pick up the garden fork, "but I'll feel better if they're all set before I leave."

Blake rolled her eyes. "If you want to give yourself all that work, be my guest." She put a hand up to swipe a tendril of hair from her forehead. "It's hot out here. I'll be inside if you need me." She turned to head back toward the rear porch but then paused and looked back at him. In her eyes was an expression he could not read. "Don't stay in the sun too long." That was all she said but the words hung in the air as she stared at him, looking like she wanted to say more. The next instant the spell was broken and she turned and walked away.

It was a full minute before Ryder stopped staring after her retreating back and at the back porch door as it swung closed behind her. Then, with a grunt, he turned his attention back to the task at hand.

Ryder had been digging the earth for less than ten minutes when he heard the sound of a car coming up the stretch of dirt road leading to Beaumont's. When he looked up it was to see Peggy Thatcher's champagne-colored Chevy pulling up to the front of the building. It soon disappeared, blocked by the hulking structure of the building, but Ryder knew the instant she got out of her car and entered the front door. The tinkle of the bell was that loud. Sure that Blake would have heard the bell, too, he got back to his digging. The ladies were sure to have lots to talk about. He would be in no danger of being disturbed by those two.

Ryder soon found out that that was where he was wrong. He'd been back at his task for only twelve minutes or so when he heard a cheerful female voice call his name. He looked up in time to see Peggy descending the steps and then she was heading across the yard toward him.

"Howdy." She was waving her hand at him and there was a wide smile on her face.

"Howdy," he said back as he let the garden fork fall into the dirt. He was sliding his hands down the sides of his jeans, getting rid of the excess dust, when she came to a halt in front of him. "Well, aren't you the busy one? Blake told me you made her a vegetable garden."

"Yes, ma'am. Been working on it for the past week."

She folded her arms across her bosom and shook her head. "You never cease to amaze me, young man. There's a lot about you I like, and now this. You're a man after my own heart." She released her arms and spread them wide, looking like she was getting ready to wrap them around him.

He raised his eyebrows then gave her a crooked smile. What was the lady going on about now?

"I didn't know you were a gardener like me. This is wonderful," she gushed. "Maybe you and I can swap gardening tips."

He shrugged. "Any time." He was still curious, though. She hadn't come out to the backyard to talk gardening, had she?

"Listen," she said, stepping closer and lowering her voice like she was about to share a secret, "I'm inviting you over to my house this evening. Seven o'clock. Just a gathering of friends. I want you to be there."

Ryder cleared his throat. "Thanks for the invitation. I would have loved to be there but I'm leaving town today. I'm sorry."

"What? You're leaving?" Peggy's brows fell and she was glaring at him like he'd just committed a grievous sin.

"Yes," he said, his voice quiet. "I'm heading back to Des Moines."

"No, you're not. I made arrangements. I had this all planned. You have to be there." Her glare was still there but now there was a hint of disbelief, maybe even desperation, in her voice. It didn't make sense. His presence certainly couldn't make or break her party.

He opened his mouth to speak but she cut him off. "I told all my friends you would be there. They're expecting you. You have to come."

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "Well, since you put it that way, I guess I could stay one more day. I'll just tell Blake-"

"Excellent." She clasped her hands together, her eyes flashing with glee. "You know my house. Be there at seven o'clock sharp. The front door will be open. Just walk right in." And then she came closer and tilted her face up to whisper in his ear. "And don't tell Blake you're coming. It's a surprise."

Now he understood. It was a surprise party for Blake. It looked like Peggy and her friends were about to give her a big welcome home. Ryder smiled and, without hesitation, he nodded. "I will definitely be there."

CHAPTER NINE

"Where is everybody?" Blake whispered the words to herself as she stepped in the front door of Peggy's house then pushed it closed behind her.

She left the foyer and stepped into the living room but there wasn't a single soul in sight. "Strange." She frowned. Had she gotten it wrong? She could have sworn her friend had said she should get to her house by ten minutes to seven, not a minute later, and just walk in the front door. Peggy had said she and the ladies from the sewing circle would be there, waiting. They'd planned a get-together, and Blake should arrive at the appointed time and she shouldn't tell Ryder. Now if that wasn't a sign of a surprise party in the making, she didn't know what was. She'd guessed they'd planned a going-away party for Ryder. They must have given him some cock-and-bull story because he'd suddenly changed his mind and decided to stay one more night. So where the hell were they?

Confused, Blake left the living room and headed down the hallway toward the kitchen. Maybe she would find her answer there. They were probably all hiding out at the back of the house, waiting to yell, "Surprise!"

She was halfway down the hall, walking past the dining room, when she came to a sudden halt. The dining room, from what she remembered of it from her last visit, had been transformed into the most romantic parlor she'd ever seen. A glorious candelabra sat in the middle of the table, the glow from the candles' flickering flames reflecting in the dark, gleaming mahogany surface. As if that weren't idyllic enough, a bouquet of rich, red roses sat by the candles, their petals gleaming ruby-red in the subdued light. Surrounding this delectable display were a variety of covered dishes, obviously containing a meal that had been set out for some very special guests. Peggy looked like she'd pulled out all the stops in creating a scene that was sure to put whoever it was in a seriously sensual mood. What was the lady up to?

Curious, Blake made her way into the dimly-lit dining room and that was when she saw the folded card sitting on top of the largest covered dish. There were words scrawled on the front of the card. "For Blake and Ryder," it read. What in the world?

Blake picked up the card and opened it to read what was inside. "I made this dinner specially for you both. Enjoy." That crafty little matchmaker. Blake could only shake her head and smile. Peggy Thatcher was something else.

She'd just laid the card back on the table when she heard a knock at the front door. Ryder, no doubt. Peggy must have set things up so that he would arrive just after she did.

"Hello?"

She heard his voice before she saw him. He would have opened the door, just as she had, and was probably standing in the hallway, wondering where everyone was.

"I'm here," she called out. "Come on back here."

She heard when the front door closed and then came the sound of footsteps as he headed toward her. Ryder soon came into view, coming to a halt at the entrance to the dining room. He looked surprised to find her standing in the middle of the room. "You're here," he said, like he hadn't expected it. "I thought maybe you would come...later." Then he frowned. "Where is everybody?"

She gave a soft chuckle. "My question exactly." Then she picked up the card and handed it to him. "Read this."

He took it and as he read she was watching his face, her smile widening with each passing second, expecting him to burst out laughing. But he didn't. Instead, he read it through then folded the card and set it on the table. "It looks like Peggy had this all planned out," he said, his voice strangely quiet. "We'd better not let her efforts go in vain."

Now what the heck did he mean by that? Blake cocked an eyebrow at him, waiting for his explanation, but he didn't say another word. Instead, he walked over to the chair closest to the display of dishes and pulled it out. "Your seat, madam." He gave a slight bow, as gallant as ever, waiting for her to make her move.

Two could play that game of formality. "Thank you," she said and gave him a slight nod of acknowledgement then she went over to take her seat in the chair he'd selected for her.

As soon as she slid down onto it Ryder took the seat beside her. When he turned to her he was smiling. "I owe Peggy one. I can't think of anything I'd enjoy more than spending a romantic evening with you."

Blake knew exactly how he felt. This would be his last evening in Pequoia and Peggy, bless her heart, had made sure it would be a memorable one. Memorable for Blake, at any rate. She wanted to say something, to agree with Ryder, to let him know she was glad they were there. Alone. Together. But she couldn't say it. Not just yet. It could break the spell she was under and she didn't want to take that chance.

When Ryder didn't seem perturbed by her silence Blake gave a surreptitious sigh of relief. He'd begun to lift the covers from the various dishes and she used the opportunity to admire Peggy's handiwork and take the focus off the fact that they were alone together in a perfectly staged romantic rendezvous. By the time he'd uncovered everything Blake was gazing at fried chicken, baked potatoes, catfish, corn bread and a garden salad bright with baby tomatoes. She could only shake her head in awe. "Peggy certainly outdid herself."

"I couldn't agree with you more." Ryder looked just as surprised as she was at the bountiful fare. Then he nudged a dish toward her. "I guess we'd better get started before the food gets cold. Bon appetit."

"Back atchya." She'd skipped lunch and was hungry as a horse so she needed no further encouragement.

They both began to help themselves to the various dishes and Blake was tickled when Ryder took the serving spoon from her and began to ladle the catfish onto her plate. "Hey, I'm a big girl," she teased. "I can help myself."

"Just relax and enjoy. Let me spoil you tonight."

The words were innocent enough but the way he said them sent tingles up Blake's spine. God, he sounded sexy. And the flickering light from the candles that cast a golden glow over his skin wasn't helping her blood pressure, either.

She cleared her throat. "I might just do that." And, almost in synchrony with his tone, the words came out in a low, throaty whisper. Not that she'd meant for them to come out that way.

After that, the electricity in the air eased up a bit, enough for Blake to tuck into her meal and actually enjoy it. She was liking the light banter, too, as Ryder filled her in on the goings-on while she'd been away. She couldn't help but laugh when he told her how the ladies of the sewing circle had corralled him for an entire afternoon. By the time they'd let him go he'd learned the cross-stitch, the hemming stitch and how to embroider.

They were halfway through the meal when Ryder found yet another surprise of Peggy's. "Look at that," he said, tilting his chin toward the sideboard. "Would you believe it? She left us a bottle of wine."

Blake followed his gaze and saw that he was right. A shiny silver ice bucket sat there, reflecting the light from the candles, and in it was a bottle of wine. They'd been so caught up with the food they hadn't even noticed.

When Ryder brought it over and poured her a glass she took a small sip and then another, more generous one. The wine was delicious, rich and aromatic, the perfect complement to a perfect meal. With Ryder there with her there was no other word to describe the evening except...perfect.

The perfect wine didn't just titillate her taste buds, though. With each sip she took, the tension that had made her sit up straight in her chair now flowed out of her and in its place came a mood so mellow that she didn't even flinch when, out of the blue, Ryder asked her a question about Jerome.

"So how did you end up in business with a man like your partner, someone who would betray you like that?" He wasn't just looking curious. He actually looked puzzled.

She took another sip of wine to fortify herself then gave him a wan smile. "It's a long story," she said. "Got the time?"

He cocked his head to one side. "I'm all ears."

Blake drew in a shallow breath and then she began. "I met Jerome at a cocktail party. One of those meet-and-greet affairs. You know, you're in business, trying to network, so you show your face at these events."

"Sure, that's part of doing business."

" Jerome was at one of those events and he walked up to me and said he was a huge admirer of my work." She gave him a rueful smile. "He started laying it on real thick and I guess after a while I began to believe a little bit of what he was saying." She shook her head. "Silly me, but you live and you learn."

Ryder's gaze narrowed. "Meaning?"

"Meaning, it went from that simple conversation to a meeting at my office to an invitation to go out on a date." She grimaced. "It turned out that he wasn't so much interested in my work as he was in me. At least, at first." She bit her lip and then she spoke again. "Jerome was a real charmer, going out of his way to surprise me with gifts and doing cute little things, unexpected things, things that made me begin to like him." She gave a hollow laugh. "One time he even made me leave the office to go out with him for the afternoon for a picnic and a ride in a hot air balloon. He was so spontaneous." She glanced over at Ryder but in the dimness of the room she could read nothing in his eyes. And he wasn't saying anything. He was quiet and he was watching her, waiting for her to go on.

She let out her breath. "To cut a long story short, it took only a few months before I fell in love with him and when he asked me to marry him I said yes." Her lips tightened. "Soon after that he started paying close interest in my business and then one day, out of the blue, he said we were a couple now so it would only make sense for us to be business partners."

"You were okay with that?"

She shrugged. "After I got over the initial shock I said yes." She gave a soft snort. "Little did I know it was the worst decision of my life." She grimaced. "Well, maybe the second worst. Agreeing to marry him would probably take that prize."

Ryder raised an eyebrow. "Your second worst decision, because?"

"Because although he said we should be partners I was the one undertaking most of the risk. His financial contribution was sort of...sparse, to put it generously. He said his main contribution would be his vast network of clients, both private and corporate." She sighed. "It was more a promise than anything tangible but I guess by that time I was too involved to object. I talked myself into it, telling myself that clients were the key success factor in any real estate business." She reached for her wine again. After a slow sip she continued. "But that, I could have lived with. What killed me was when I found out, three months after we'd formed the partnership, that he'd begun writing checks to a company I'd never heard of, called Evergreen Enterprises. When I checked into it, it was to find out that he was the owner."

By this time, no matter that the lighting was weak, Blake could see that Ryder's face had darkened into a scowl. "The bastard. You reported him to the police, right?"

Blake looked down at her hands then she shook her head. She opened her mouth to speak but she couldn't. A huge lump had formed in her throat. It took several seconds before the words could come out. "I didn't. I couldn't. I couldn't believe what he'd done." She raised her gaze to Ryder's face. "This was the man I was going to marry. I found this out a week before our wedding day." Despite herself, her mouth began to tremble and she bit down on her bottom lip. When she spoke again there was a tremor in her voice. "That was why I just left. I had to get away. I found out I couldn't trust Jerome, the man who swore he loved me so much he couldn't live without me. After what he did to me...he's made it hard for me to trust any man again."

Ryder was staring back at her, looking like he wanted to say something to reassure her, but then he nodded slowly. "I understand," he said, his voice low and gentle. "You were in shock. And I know exactly what you mean about not being able to trust again."

She tilted her head as she gazed back at him. "You do?"

He drew in a big breath and as he did his nostrils flared. Then he nodded. "There was a woman I almost married...until I found out she was pregnant for my best friend."

CHAPTER TEN

Blake sucked in her breath. "What did you say?" The words came out in a whispered rush. It wasn't even that she wanted him to repeat the words. The shock was that Ryder had a story that sounded like it was even worse than hers. "She was...pregnant?"

Ryder gave her hand a squeeze and then he got up and walked over to the sideboard, his back to her. "We'd been together four years. We were engaged and planning to get married next year. Then she got pregnant." Ryder stopped and for a long while there was silence. He was so still it looked like he wasn't breathing. Then he shook his head. "I can't believe I was over the moon when she told me." Another silence then his shoulders sagged. "Until two days later she worked up the courage to tell me the baby wasn't mine."

"Oh, my God." The whispered words slipped out before Blake could stop them. She didn't have to guess at Ryder's devastation. She could see it in the way he lowered his head and in the way he gripped the edge of the sideboard. Ryder was hurting and it tore at her heart to witness his suffering.

Not even pausing to give it thought, she got up and went to him and laid a gentle hand on his shoulder. She didn't say anything. Sometimes words were not enough. With her touch she was telling him that she was there.

The strange thing was, once she'd heard of Ryder's pain her own feelings of hurt and loss slid into the background and all she could feel was a new protectiveness toward him. It really wasn't her affair but she just wanted to make things better.

"Let's go for a walk," she said softly. "I think we'd both do good with some fresh air."

Ryder nodded then turned and took her hand. His face looked surprisingly calm but Blake was not fooled. Beneath that placid surface a storm of emotions raged. The pain reflected in his eyes said it all.

They walked in silence, out of the house and into Peggy's backyard garden. After the intense conversations in the dining room it was the right place to be. Peggy had filled the yard with shrubs, herbs and abundant flowers of a variety of hues and fragrances. The soft breezes of the Texas night stirred the leaves of the trees that stood sentry at both ends of the back porch and lined the outer edges of the garden.

Blake and Ryder walked slowly along the garden path, still holding hands, drawing in the soothing sensations and giving themselves over to the spirit of the garden. They made it to the concrete bench at the bottom, to the arbor, and there they sat down under the outstretched branches of an old oak tree.

It was only when they were sitting that Ryder finally released her hand. "Sorry," he said with a crooked smile. "I didn't mean to crowd you like that."

"You didn't." She smiled back and then she tilted her head to look up at the deep, dark velvet of the sky above. Her smile widened. "We've got a crescent moon tonight," she said. "They call it the waxing crescent, which means we should have a full moon in about three or four weeks. And look at the stars." She sighed. "There's nothing so beautiful as a starry night in Texas Hill Country."

His body relaxed against the arm of the bench, Ryder tilted his head to follow her gaze. "I see Ursa Major," he said, "and Leo Minor."

"Where?" She turned to glance at Ryder and then peered back up at the sky. "How can you figure them out?"

"I was into astronomy when I was a kid. I even joined the astronomy club in high school." He reached up to point at a blur of stars on the other side of the sky. "And over there's Cygnus."

"Cyg...what? Where?" Blake was frowning now. She couldn't see a thing. No forms, no patterns, nothing. How did Ryder make them out? She got to her feet so she could get a better look. "Where is it?"

Ryder got up, too, and came to stand right behind her then he took her hand, raised it to the sky and used her finger to point. "It's right over there, a constellation of four brilliant stars, standing together. Do you see it?"

He was standing close, his body almost touching her back, and the warmth of his nearness was too distracting for words. She was having a hard time breathing. "I...don't know," she said, her voice breathless. "I'm...trying to see it." She swallowed, her nerves jangling, her heart pounding so loud she began to fret that Ryder could actually hear it. "Is it those stars over there?"

Ryder's arm circled her waist and he tilted her back against him, making her gaze fall farther north. His arm was still stretched out along hers and he shifted her hand and her pointing finger ever so slightly. "It's right there," he said. "Do you see it now?"

Jesus, she was leaning back against him, her body pressed against his, the muscles of his torso imprinted on her back. How the heck could she concentrate on constellations and stars and the heavens when all she could see, all she could feel, was Ryder Kent? "Yes," she whispered desperately, "I see it. I see it now." Which, of course, she didn't. She just wanted him to bring his arm down so he could wrap both of them around her. She wanted him to turn her around and kiss her and make her see stars...not the ones in the sky but the ones that shot off like fireworks when you touched lips with that special someone who could make your body turn electric.

And then, like he'd read her mind, or maybe he was feeling it, too - the sparks of electricity that were making her gasp - he did turn her around, to gaze down into her eyes. "May I kiss you?" he asked, his voice soft and low.

She drew in her breath, her eyes half-closed. "Yes," she whispered back. "Please, yes."

And when he lowered his head she was ready. He touched his lips to hers and the electric sparks ignited into a fire that made her reach her hands up to cling to him.

As if her reaction was the permission he'd been waiting for, Ryder tightened his arms around her and his tentative touch now turned insistent. He molded his lips to hers, tempting her, teasing her until her lips parted with a soft sigh and she gave him entry. It was what she'd wanted all this time. It was what she craved. More than that, it was what she needed.

Blake gave herself over to Ryder's kiss, melting in his arms, feeling like this was where she was meant to be. As he kissed her she held nothing back. It didn't matter if her response revealed her deepest secret. She didn't care if he could feel her longing to hold him close, her ecstasy that she was now in his arms. She just wanted his kiss to last forever.

But all good things had to come to an end and soon, much too soon, Ryder was releasing her lips and lifting his head to gaze down at her flushed face. Thankfully, he did not release her from his arms. "Thank you," he said, his voice quiet and his face serious, "very much."

Now how do you respond to that? No man had ever thanked her for a kiss. Not knowing what to say she just gazed back at him and when he smiled she dropped her eyes and rested her cheek against his cotton-covered chest. It felt so good that a tiny shiver ran through her body.

"Cold?" Ryder ran his warm hands up and down her arms, making her shiver again. He had no idea that her shivers had nothing to do with the evening air.

"Come on, let's get you warmed up inside." He put a hand on her shoulder to turn her toward the pathway and as they walked toward the house he rested his arm gently around her waist.

Blake leaned into him, reveling in his warmth and his strength. Maybe it was because they'd both shared their stories of trauma and betrayal. She didn't know what it was and she would not question why. All she knew was that it felt so natural to be with Ryder, to have him there by her side.

As they stepped onto the porch he released her and held the door open. "You go in and relax," he said. "I'll do the cleaning up."

Blake could only smile. He was such a gentleman, almost too good to be true. He'd made her get past all the baggage she'd thrown out on the table and now she was at peace.

But then his next words threw freezing-cold water on her mellow mood.

"We've got to head back to Beaumont's soon," he said. "I have to hit the road early in the morning."

And although she'd known he would be leaving, it was a reminder she could have done without.

After what they'd shared tonight, how could she bear to let Ryder go, knowing she might never see him again?

CHAPTER ELEVEN

"Cut them off," Ryder said, his voice cold. "If they want tough we'll give them tough. I'm not in the mood to play games."

"You're sure you want to do that? That's a couple of million we stand to lose if we cancel the deal." Phil Bennett, Ryder's second-in-command, gave him a look tinged with doubt. "Maybe we should give them more time."

Ryder flashed him a glare of impatience. "We had an agreement. We signed on the dotted line. I'm a man of my word and if I committed to taking the supplies from those dairy farmers I'll honor my commitment. But I'm not going to sell their stock to a retail chain that suddenly decides they're going to jack up prices because they can. We agreed on an intro price so consumers could try the new brand. If they're going to back out of our agreement then forget them. I'll sell my dairy products elsewhere."

Phil tightened his lips. "It's only like three cents, Ryder. Surely you can overlook that. The consumer won't even feel it." Then he shook his head. "I mean, come on. It's not peanuts we're talking about if we lose a couple mill."

"Don't worry about it. I'm no fool. I've got alternative markets already lined up."

Phil heaved a dramatic sigh. "Don't scare me like that again."

Ryder grinned. "You should know me by now, Phil. When have you known me to be rash? Now ruthless, I can do that when the situation calls for it, but rash? Never."

Phil chuckled and began to get up to leave but then he paused. "By the way, there's something I should tell you." He cleared his throat, looking slightly embarrassed. "Something of a personal nature."

Ryder frowned. "Yes? What is it?"

Phil sat forward in his chair as if he wanted to get close enough so he wouldn't have to speak loudly. "It's Miss Ebbinghaus. She came by while you were away."

Ryder's frown deepened. "Karin? Did she say why?"

Phil shook his head. "No, but she said it was very important that you call her upon your return. She didn't say anything else." Phil cleared his throat again. "I don't get it. Why didn't she just call you? Is something wrong?"

The man was fishing now, prying into matters that were none of his business. He knew that Ryder and Karin were involved and his curiosity was getting the better of him. It didn't matter that Ryder had known him almost twenty years, from the days when Phil used to work for his father. When it came to his personal life, that was where the conversation would end.

He jerked his head toward the door. "Thank you, Phil," he said, his voice cold and his look just as frigid. "That will be all."

Without demure the man got up and left the room. As he closed the door behind him Ryder expelled his breath and sat back in his chair.

So Karin had come looking for him. By now she should have heard through the grapevine that he was back in town. She would be back, he was sure of it. If there was one thing he knew about Karin Ebbinghaus it was that she didn't stop until she got what she wanted.

But what the heck she could want from him when she was expecting another man's child, he had no idea.

It was a question for which he had no desire to get an answer.

***

"Don't you ever do that again, staying away so long. You leave town and you send me a postcard? Your own mother? What ever happened to a good old phone call?" Magdalena Kent gave Ryder a disapproving look and then she spoiled it when she opened her arms wide and gave her son a broad smile. "Come give your mama a hug, you wicked boy, you."

Ryder was only too happy to oblige. He walked into his mother's arms and when she gave him a fierce squeeze he groaned in exaggerated agony, hoping he would make her feel just a little bit guilty. He didn't. She squeezed even harder and then she stepped back to peer up into his face. "You look well," she said, looking satisfied, and then she cocked her head to one side. "Are you?"

"I'm fine, Mom." He gave her a quick nod then stepped back before she could corral him and drag him off to some place where she could grill him properly. Mother Kent was famous for digging the deepest secrets out of her four sons and Ryder wasn't up to the challenge. Not today. It was Sunday and all he wanted to do was relax and enjoy the quiet peace of Westside. It was one of the tiniest towns in Iowa and his parents had decided to leave the busy bustle of the city and retire there. They loved it, being in a town where everyone knew everyone else and it wasn't hard in a population of just over five hundred.

Ryder glanced over his mother's head and down the hallway. "Where's Dad?"

"He's in the den, playing with our brand new grandbaby." Mother Kent was beaming as she said the words.

"Ridge and Lani are here already? I thought I beat them to it." Ryder set off down the hallway. There was a new baby in the family, his nephew, and he was eager to meet him.

"No, they got here early," Maggie said to his disappearing back. "A whole hour ago."

"Cool," he said over his shoulder, "I'm going to check out the baby."

"Make sure you wash your hands first."

Ryder stopped in his tracks then turned to head back to the powder room. On his way he gave an exaggerated sigh. "Mothers. They can be so-"

"What did you say, young man?" Maggie was heading toward him but he veered off just in time to escape into the bathroom.

"Nothing, Mom."

He heard her chuckle outside the door. "I thought so."

When Ryder got to the den it was to find Bill Kent sitting in the La-Z-Boy chair, gingerly holding his grandson on his lap. When he walked in his father looked up.

"He's so tiny," Bill said with such a look of stress on his face that Ryder almost burst out laughing. His dad was clearly way out of his depth.

He went up to him and bent over to peer down at the tiny bundle in his father's arms. He gave a soft whistle. "He really is tiny. How do you take care of something so little?"

"You let Mother Nature guide you, I guess. You just do it." Bill was speaking in hushed tones, almost whispering, as his grandson slept in his arms.

"So where are Ridge and Lani?" Ryder glanced out the window but the backyard looked empty.

"They're in the guest room, fixing up a temporary crib for Leon. I'm holding the fort till they come back."

Ryder gave his dad a smile of encouragement. "With the way little Leon's sleeping it looks like you're doing a pretty good job."

His father nodded slowly, as if to accept the compliment. "I try."

When the brand new parents came back to the den Ryder gave Lani a hug and then he had to endure a bone-crushing embrace from his brother. "Okay, so you're bigger than me and you've been working out. You don't need to rub it in." He flexed his shoulders, trying to get feeling back in his arms. "You've got a tiny baby to take care of now. You need to start practicing something called gentleness."

"Not where you're concerned, little bro. I've got to shake you up a bit. You're always too serious."

"Ridge, leave your brother alone." Lani reached over and slapped her husband on the arm. "Just because you're an inveterate joker doesn't mean he has to be."

"Yeah, Ridge, leave me alone. Listen to your wife. She wields a big stick." Ryder was laughing as he ducked and shifted away from the cuff aimed at the back of his head.

Lani shook her head. "You're such big kids. May I remind you that you're both in your thirties? Time to grow up, guys." The baby gave a soft mewl and she glanced over at him. "Okay," she whispered, putting a finger to her lips, "get out of here before you wake the baby."

Ridge jerked his head toward the door and both men left mommy, granddad and baby to bond. They headed for the rec room where Ridge immediately walked over to the pool table and picked up a stick. "Ten bucks says you can't beat me."

Ryder gave a snort. "Make it twenty and you're on."

It didn't take Ryder long to whip his brother soundly. He stuck his hand out. "Pay up." Then he scowled. "And don't give me that age-old story about not having any money on you. That game's old and tired and ready for the grave."

"This time I really don't." Ryder patted his trouser pockets for emphasis. "Lani's got my wallet."

"Yeah, and you expect me to believe that."

"Well, it's the truth. You can ask her. I'll pay you when we get back to the den. Promise."

"Mmhmm." Ryder still didn't believe a word of it but he wasn't going to press. "Forget about it," he said with a wry grin. "Since you're a brand new daddy I'll let this one slide." Then he flopped down onto the nearby sofa and put one foot up on the soft cushion.

Ridge stayed by the pool table and propped his behind on the edge. "So what about you?" he asked. "When are you going to get back on the bandwagon? You fall off the horse, you get right back on. Know what I mean?"

Ryder gave a noncommittal grunt. That was as much as Ridge was going to get out of him. Tact had never been his brother's strong point. Although his brother didn't know the reason, he was aware that his engagement to Karin was off. It would take a guy like Ridge to bring that up. "I could do with a drink," Ryder said to him, ready to change the subject. "Bring me a beer, will you?"

To his surprise, Ridge stood up and without protest he headed off to the kitchen, leaving Ryder alone with his thoughts, at least for the moment. And right then he was wishing he could pick up the phone and call Blake. It had only been a week and a half since he'd left Pequoia but he was missing her like hell. But his longing was crowded out by another thought that was far from pleasant. It had nothing to do with Blake and everything to do with that one person he was trying hard to forget.

Knowing Karin as he did, he could tell something was up. The fact that she'd gone looking for him meant that things weren't over, not as far as she was concerned.

And that could only spell trouble.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Peggy hurried up the driveway to Barbara's house and rang the doorbell. What Barb could want to see her for at six o'clock on a Friday evening, she couldn't tell.

After all, she'd already seen her friend this morning. They'd picked up groceries together at Samuel's store. Then she shrugged. Whatever it was must be important because Barb had sent Theresa's little boy to get her.

When over ten seconds passed and the door didn't open Peggy rang the doorbell again. Still nothing. Then, frustrated at the wait after she'd worked herself into a sweat hurrying over there, she tried the knob. Her eyebrows lifted in surprise when the door swung open.

Peggy pushed it open wider and peered in. "Barb, I'm here." There was no answer so she stepped into the foyer. "Barbara." Her second call echoed in the house but again, there was no answer. Peggy gave a soft hiss of annoyance. Knowing Barbara, she'd made this arrangement and then forgotten all about it. She was probably tucked away in bed, lost in a good book, not remembering that she should be expecting a visitor.

"Barbara," she yelled a third time and then she was walking down the hallway, intent on finding her friend, grumbling as she went. She was marching past the dining room when she stopped short. Good heavens.

She turned and stared at the dining table, a piece of furniture Barbara hardly used because she always hung out in the kitchen. This evening the usually bare table was elegantly decorated with a collection of red and white scented candles clustered in the center of a circle of tiny bowls filled with rose petals. On one side of the table were covered dishes from which wafted the delicious aroma of food and on the other side were two tall-stemmed glasses and a dewy silver wine bucket from which the top of a bottle stuck.

"That little devil." The words left Peggy's mouth in a soft whisper, a mixture of annoyance and pleasure. Barbara Bonner was something else. Her friend was giving her a taste of her own medicine, playing the same trick on her that she'd played on Blake and Ryder. That was what you got for letting your friend in on your secret.

And then, like she guessed would happen, there was a knock at the door. She didn't have to open it to know who was standing on the front porch and, poor thing, he was probably as much in the dark as she'd been.

Or was he? Peggy's eyes narrowed as she thought about that. What if Ted had been in on the plan? If so, she would kill him. But she wouldn't make him see her suspicion. No, she would greet him as friendly as always, but she would be watching him like a hawk. He'd never been able to keep a secret. His face would tell the whole story.

But when Peggy went to the door and threw it open she could tell by his reaction that he knew absolutely nothing about the affair.

As the door opened and he saw her standing there his eyebrows shot up. "Peggy? I thought...where's Barbara? I got a message that she needed to see me right away."

"Yeah, you and me both." Peggy wrinkled her nose. "Our good friend is playing tricks on us." She stepped back and held the door wide. "Come on in. I'll show you."

When they got to the dining room and Ted saw the spread he gave a low whistle. "Looks like she's getting ready to receive a very special man this evening." Then he gave a slight frown. "Barbara's got a beau? How come I didn't know that? After Gordon passed away I thought she'd given up on men."

Peggy glared at him, not believing he could be so slow, and then she punched him on the arm. "She hasn't got a beau, you dolt. That's for us. That's why she invited us here."

His brows lifted. "For us?" And then, as the realization sank in, his face relaxed into a smile. "For us."

Peggy almost punched him again. "Don't get too happy about that. I don't know if I like Barb fooling me like this. It's not right-" She stopped, again remembering she'd been the one who tried the trick first. She was the last person to be chastising her friend for using her sneaky little trick.

"Well, we might as well see what she fixed us. Have a seat." Peggy knew she wouldn't win any prizes for congeniality but she was in no mood to be nice to Ted. He might not have been part of the planning of this rendezvous but she had to be annoyed with someone. Barbara wasn't here so he was the easiest target.

"So are you going to sit or not?" she bit out, when it didn't look like he was moving fast enough.

"Hold your horses, little lady. Let me get the chair for you before you bite my head off." Ted was pulling out the chair as he spoke and his look of reproach made Peggy feel a tiny thread of remorse.

"Sorry," she said, her voice not so bold and forceful this time. "Barbara just threw me upside down, that's all. I shouldn't take it out on you." She slid onto the chair then glanced up at Ted, hoping her look was sufficiently apologetic to appease him.

"That's all right," he said. "I know how you feel. She threw me upside down, too." Then he grinned. "In a good way."

After that they settled into a comfortable silence as Ted lifted the covers from each of the dishes and began to ladle a little of each onto Peggy's plate. "I know exactly what you like," he said, "and how much. I've watched you eat at enough events to have this down pat."

"You've watched me eat?" Peggy didn't know if she liked the sound of that.

Ted gave a nervous laugh. "Well, not like a stalker or anything. I just notice you a lot."

Her gaze narrowed. "You notice me? A lot?"

By this time Ted was looking like he was sorry he'd opened his mouth. He closed his lips tight and dumped a much too generous portion of mashed potatoes on her plate and then he made his escape to the other side of the table.

Peggy almost felt sorry for him. She could be such a contentious harridan when she was ready. She'd just apologized to the man and here she'd gone and spoiled it so soon. She drew in her breath and closed her eyes, willing herself into a better mood. When she opened her eyes Ted was staring at her, a look of concern on his face.

"Are you all right?"

She smiled at him. "I'm fine," she said then patted the seat beside her. "Now I know we're not going to have dinner with you sitting all the way over there. Why don't you sit right here?"

When his face brightened and he hurried over to do her bidding she knew she'd done the right thing. The truth was, she'd been cantankerous for one reason and one reason only. She was beginning to like Ted and she'd been doing everything in her power to resist it but it wasn't working. He was growing on her and she didn't like it. What made it worse, it looked like she wasn't the only one who knew about it. Barbara had noticed it, too. Why else would she have gone to all the trouble of setting up this dinner date?

As Ted pulled out the chair beside her Peggy gave a soft sigh of resignation. Did it make sense to even fight this? After all, life was too short to decide to be lonely or unhappy just for the heck of it. If her happiness was to come through Ted then so be it.

And so, long after the sun had gone done and they'd finished their meal, they relaxed on the sofa in the living room and talked about old times in Pequoia. And when Ted slid closer on the sofa, slipped his arm around her shoulder and leaned over to give her a peck on the cheek she did not pull away.

Because somehow she had a feeling that after all these years this was meant to be.

***

If Blake had had any complaints about business being slow in the early part of the month she had no such complaints now. She didn't have enough hands to keep the telephone company workers fed. In fact, she'd had to hire a couple of high school seniors who were saving up for college. They were grateful for the cash and she was more than grateful for the help.

And, more than anything, she was grateful that the telephone company had finally decided to provide service to Pequoia. That was the cause of the influx of workers and the drastic increase in business at Beaumont's. They were busy putting up telephone poles and were even planning on setting up a cell phone tower in the area. And it was about time.

Things had been so busy lately that Blake was up before dawn and didn't get to bed till past midnight. And in the midst of all that busyness she still found the time to miss Ryder. She was missing him so bad it wasn't funny.

When Ryder left he'd made no promises but she'd thought...hoped...he would have come back. He'd made friends in Pequoia and the ladies from the sewing circle, Moonwalker and even Ted would ask about him from time to time.

But as her mind dwelled on the stranger who had come to mean so much to her she smiled to herself. Who was she kidding? It wasn't the sewing circle ladies she wanted him to come back to see. It was her.

But it had been almost three weeks since Ryder left town and with each passing day her hopes of seeing him again grew-

"Sorry to bother you, Blake, but there's someone here to see you." The teenager's voice ripped her out of her reverie.

Feeling guilty that she'd been in her office cum store room daydreaming, Blake got to her feet and came around the desk toward him. "Who is it, Chris? Is it Penelope?" She glanced at the clock. Only three o'clock in the afternoon. She wasn't expecting the bookkeeper until four.

"No." He shook his head and his long brown hair fell over his eyes. He brushed it away. "It's a man, and he looks sort of important."

She frowned. "A man?" She wasn't expecting any man. And then, as if her heart knew something she didn't, it jerked in her chest. Could the man be Ryder?

The thought made her hurry past Chris and head out toward the restaurant. As she pushed through the swinging doors there was a smile on her lips. She couldn't help it. There was no way she could hide the fact that she was glad to see him.

When she saw her visitor she froze in her tracks. The man who was staring back at her wasn't Ryder at all. It was Jerome.

"So this is where you've been hiding out." He looked around the room, pretty much deserted since the lunch crowd had packed up and gone back to their work. Then he turned his gaze back to her. "Did you think I wouldn't find you? There's no place on earth you can go where I can't track you down."

For a good few seconds Blake stood there, speechless. The audacity of the man, to hunt her down and now to be staring at her with that sickly smirk on his face. She felt like slapping it off but before she went and did something stupid, something she could get locked up for, she folded her arms in front of her and straightened her back, deliberately making use of her height advantage. "What are you doing here?" she demanded. "How did you find me?"

"Ah, that's for me to know and you to find out." Looking pleased with himself he put his hand up to push away the lock of blond hair that had fallen into his eyes. He'd always complained that it was a pain and yet he insisted on keeping his hair long. That was another of his shortcomings. Vanity.

Her eyes narrowed as she watched him. "Did you have me followed?"

He chuckled. "You know I'm good at keeping secrets. I'm not going to tell."

"Okay, forget about that. It's not important. The real question is, why are you here in Pequoia? You have no business coming to Beaumont's."

"Oh, I'll be leaving your...establishment in a minute." He glanced around with a look tinged with disdain. "I just thought I'd pass by to let you know I'd be in town for a while."

"What the hell's that supposed to mean? What business do you have in Pequoia?"

He tilted his head and smiled. "With the coming of the telephone lines the opportunities are boundless for real estate." He shrugged. "Things can only go up from here."

And then, right before her eyes, the self-satisfied look on his face dissolved and he transformed into the guileless, earnest Jerome she'd fallen in love with. "Let's put all that aside. There's a business opportunity for sure, but I didn't come here for business. I came to see you."

"Why?" The question was blunt and cold. Now that she knew the real Jerome she wasn't going to fall for his tricks.

"Because I still love you. And you love me, too. I can feel it." He took a small step forward but the look she gave him made him halt.

"Get out of here." She said the words through clenched teeth. "Leave and never come back. I've had enough of your games."

He had the gall to look hurt. "I came because I need you, Blake. I can't live without-"

"Get the hell out." She released her arms and clenched her fists at her sides. "I don't want to hear another word from you. They're lies. All lies. Get out of here before I call the police."

It took that threat to make him back away. It looked like he was turning to go but then he stopped. "This isn't over," he said, his voice soft and almost menacing. "I'm not leaving town without you."

It wasn't until he went through the door that Blake expelled her breath. She was not going to take Jerome's threat lightly. He was the kind of man who never knew when to give up.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

"You're leaving again?" Elizabeth Grant looked up from her computer screen as Ryder walked into her office. "It feels like you just got back."

Ryder shrugged. "I've been here almost three weeks. Time flies when you're having fun." He gave his personal assistant a wry smile.

"Or when you're busy," she said, swiveling her chair around to give him her full attention. "Shall I arrange for a car to take you to the airport?"

"No. No need. I'll be driving."

She smiled. "Oh, not an international trip this time. I'm glad. Those trips to Asia and Europe can be so tiring. The last time you went to China, when you came back you didn't look quite yourself."

That made him laugh. "I may fly a lot but that doesn't mean I have to like it."

She shook her head. "I totally understand. I'm not fond of flying either. I'm just glad I only have to do it every few months to visit the grandkids."

After he'd given Elizabeth instructions for tasks to handle during his absence Ryder headed back to his office, ready to pack up for the day. It had been a hectic three weeks at the office and, in fact, there was still more to be done. The rest of it he would leave for his chief operating officer and his staff to handle. They were an efficient team and were used to his trips and absences so this would be nothing new.

As he gathered his belongings he was smiling. He was looking forward to seeing Blake again. First thing in the morning he would be hitting the road to Pequoia and this time he planned to take things to the next level. Although it had been little more than a month he felt like he'd known Blake for years. There was just something about her, something that made him want to always have a connection with her. Maybe even more than just a connection. Maybe he wanted her in his life.

Ryder knew his feelings for Blake were premature but he also knew he had no say in the matter. His heart had spoken and it said it wanted him to get to know Blake a whole lot better.

The ringing of his desk phone brought his musings to an abrupt end. He reached out and pressed the button for the speakerphone. "Yes?"

"Ryder. I'm glad I caught you. Miss Ebbinghaus is here to see you. Shall I send her right in?"

Ryder almost used an expletive. What the blazes was Karin doing back at his office? He would gladly tell Elizabeth to get rid of her but as far as his assistant knew he was still in a relationship with Karin, who had dropped by the office many times before. There was nothing to do but see her and then rid himself of her as fast as he could.

"Send her in."

Ryder hung up the phone and dropped back down into his chair. Whatever it was Karin was here for, he knew it wouldn't be anything good.

Within minutes there was a rap on his office door and when it opened it was to reveal Karin standing there, looking poised and elegant, as usual. Her auburn hair was longer than he remembered and now it fell in soft waves around her shoulders. Her green eyes, though, were as sharp as ever and the pout of her crimson lips told him she was not pleased.

She stepped into the room and closed the door behind her. "Weren't you told that I was trying to reach you? This is my second trip here."

"I heard." He didn't get up to greet her as he normally would have done. Those days were gone. He sat right where he was, regarding her coolly as she approached.

It was when she'd come close up, only a foot from his desk that a sudden question popped into his mind.

By this time Karin should be three months pregnant. He was no expert but shouldn't she be showing a baby bump by now? She didn't even look like she'd gained weight. Eyes narrowed, he subjected her to a scrutiny that must have made her uncomfortable because she blushed, a reaction that was rare for the usually super-confident Karin.

As if seeking refuge, she grabbed the chair closest to her and sank down onto the seat then folded her arms in front of her. Her pout became more pronounced. "Will you stop staring at me like that?" she practically hissed at him.

His eyes never left her. Had Karin lied to him? Had she made up that story about being pregnant to get rid of him? It didn't make sense. She'd never been afraid to speak her mind. All she'd had to do was tell him it was over. He would have respected her decision. She knew that.

"Stop staring, I said." She was glowering at him, her green eyes flashing in her flushed face.

He stared at her for several seconds more and when he spoke his voice was deceptively calm because what he was feeling inside was anything but. "Is there something you'd like to say to me?" he asked. "Why are you here?"

She opened her mouth as if to say something but then she dropped her eyes and tilted her face down and away from him. When she finally spoke it was in such a low whisper that Ryder had to strain to hear her.

"I'm not pregnant," she said, her voice strained, as if she could barely get the words out.

Ryder frowned and sat forward in his chair. "You're not pregnant?"

She shook her head and she did not look up at him.

So he'd been right. Karin had been lying to him all along. The little witch. "So you cheat on me and lie to me and then you decide you haven't hurt me enough. You've got to come here to rub it in that you played me for a fool."

At his words she raised her head and her eyes flashed with anger. But, to Ryder's surprise and chagrin, they were also glistening with tears. "I didn't lie to you," she said, her voice thick with emotion. "I was pregnant. Truly pregnant."

He frowned. "Was?"

She nodded. "I'm not anymore. It was..." she bit her lip then shook her head, "...it was a chemical pregnancy."

"A what?"

She sniffed. "A chemical pregnancy. I took the pregnancy test too early, only a day after I missed my period. It showed positive. Both times I did the test it was positive. But...a couple of weeks later I had my period again. I wasn't pregnant anymore."

To say Ryder was confused was putting it lightly. So Karin was pregnant and then she wasn't? "I...don't get it. How-"

"It was a chemical pregnancy, all right? That was what the doctor called it. Just a nicer way of saying I had an early miscarriage." She gave a snort of disgust. "He said I shouldn't have bought those kits and done the tests so soon after my missed period and that a pretty high percentage of pregnancies end up like that. He was like, what are you grieving for? It's not like it had the chance to even become an embryo."

Ryder drew in a sharp breath. That was a whole lot more information than he'd expected and on top of it all he was stumped. Why had Karin tracked him down to tell him this? Shouldn't she be discussing this with the new - or maybe not so new - man in her life?

He cleared his throat. "I'm sorry, Karin." He really was. Even though she'd cut him to the quick with her betrayal, he could never wish her any ill will. She was obviously grieving her loss and it gave him no joy to see her suffer.

He waited for her to speak again, to explain herself, to say why she was sitting in his office, divulging her most private affairs.

It took a while before she drew in a shaky breath then lifted her face to gaze at him. "I came to see you," she said quietly, "because we need to talk. I made a mistake. A big one. I know that now."

Ryder went still then, slowly, he drew away from his desk and sat back in his chair. He didn't like the sound of that. It almost sounded like Karin was about to make an apology, even suggest that they should reunite. It was a prospect he wasn't even going to entertain.

"I shouldn't have messed around with Clive. I...he seduced me and I gave in. He was...hard to resist." She had the grace to drop her eyes at that confession. "I let you down. I'm...so sorry."

It was the first time Ryder had heard those words from Karin's lips. When she'd confessed to sleeping with his friend, when she'd told him the child she was expecting was Clive's, never once had she expressed remorse. Never once had she shown anything but decisiveness and a resolution to move on.

And now this?

"I...know you must be wondering why I'm here...telling you all this." She sounded hesitant, almost afraid to go on.

Slowly, he nodded. "I am."

She nodded, too. Then she drew in her breath and tightened her lips, looking like she was trying to figure out the best way to say what she had to say. "Clive and I...we're not together anymore. I broke up with him. I told him it was all a big mistake. I told him...I wanted to go back to you."

Ryder's eyes narrowed as he stared at her. It was just as he'd feared but he was having none of it. "Why?" he asked, his tone flat and devoid of any emotion.

"Because I love you. I really do." She was sitting forward on her chair now, perched on the edge, so focused on him that she didn't seem to realize she was wringing her hands. "I never meant to hurt you, Ryder. Please forgive me. Please, can't we try again?"

This was the strangest conversation Ryder had ever had. First of all, Karin was behaving in a way so contrary to her usually decisive nature that he couldn't believe this was the same person he'd known for four years. More than that, she was not only being uncharacteristically emotional but she was being irrational as well. After what she'd done, what woman in her right mind would expect them to pick up where they'd left off?

"And I found out," she continued, her voice breathless, "that Clive isn't the man I thought he was."

"Oh?" Yet another spin to the tale. Ryder couldn't suppress his curiosity. "How so?"

"He's..." She stopped then she swallowed. "He's...an abuser. I had no idea until I moved in with him."

Ryder frowned. "He hit you?"

"Yes." It was a soft whisper, almost inaudible, but he'd heard it. She'd given an affirmative answer to his question.

"You reported this to the police?"

"I...didn't. I just left." Her shoulders sagged and she lifted a hand to her face. It took a few seconds before she slid her hand from her eyes and sighed. "I had no idea he was like that. I couldn't believe it." Then she looked directly into his eyes, the first time she'd done so since she started her story. "You would never do that. You would die first."

Ryder didn't respond. Karin knew him, that was for sure, but he didn't know her. Not anymore.

And it was time to do the right thing, the humane thing. Time to end this before she started building up any false hope. He got up and walked around the desk and held out his hand.

Her brows lifted in surprise and then, as her face softened into a smile, she raised her hand to place it in his.

Ryder helped Karin to her feet and as she stood her body swayed toward him but exactly at that moment he turned away and faced the door. "This has been very emotional for you. I think it's best if you head for home and get some rest."

"But...what about us? I thought-" Karin's stammers fell on deaf ears.

He was sympathetic to her suffering but he could see now what she'd been about. She'd hoped to play on his sympathy and work her way back into his life. He was accommodating where women concerned, but not that accommodating.

He'd started walking, taking Karin along with him, and soon they were at the door. He opened it and held it wide then gave her a curt nod of dismissal.

"I wish you all the best, Karin," he said as she stared up at him, eyes wide. "Goodbye."

That last word must have registered because she blinked then she nodded and slowly walked out the door.

When he closed the door and went back to gathering his things Ryder was still shaking his head in disbelief. What was Karin thinking? Right then there was only one woman on his mind and although at this point they were nothing more than friends he could hardly wait to see brutally honest, no-nonsense Blake Beaumont again.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

"How you got the place to this state, I'll never know." Peggy shook her head as she gave one last flick of her feather duster. She'd spent the past few days whipping Ted's place into shape and this was the last of it. "Now make sure you keep everything in order or else you're going to have to answer to me."

"Yes, ma'am, Peggy, ma'am." Ted put his hand to his forehead and gave her a smart salute.

She pointed the feather duster at him. "I'm serious. Don't let me see this place deteriorate like that again."

He chuckled. "With you keeping me on my toes, how can I?"

"And don't you get it in that head of yours that I'm going to keep coming over here, straightening up. It's time you learned that cleanliness is next to-" A knock at the front door cut her short. She glanced over at Ted who still lounged at the kitchen table. "Expecting someone?"

"Nope." He shook his head.

When he didn't make a move to get up she swatted him on the arm. "You don't expect me to get the door, do you? Get up and go see who it is."

He pushed back his chair then stood up. "All right, little lady. I'm on my way."

He sauntered off, leaving Peggy to grumble behind his back. "Men. If you're not careful they'll work you into the ground. Big babies, that's what they all are."

She was still mumbling softly under her breath when she heard Ted heading back toward the kitchen with another set of footsteps sounding behind him. Just in case it was real company she dropped the feather duster out of sight and straightened her blouse which had gone askew in her flurry of activity.

"Look who's here," Ted called out.

Peggy looked up with a smile, ready to greet whatever visitor had dropped by. When she saw who it was her smile widened. "Blake. Fancy you stopping by. Since when have you been dropping in at Ted's place?"

"Since you've been so scarce at yours," was Blake's cheeky reply. "I went by to see you but when I couldn't find you at home I knew you had to be here."

Peggy cocked an eyebrow at her. "Is that so?"

"Yes, that's so. There's no need to be coy. Everybody knows you and Ted are an item." She pulled out a chair and flopped down onto it then she plopped her elbows on top of the table and dropped her chin into her cupped hands, looking so forlorn that Peggy's smile gave way to a frown.

"What's wrong, honey? "Did something happen over at Beaumont's?" As she spoke she pulled out the chair beside Blake and sat down. "Tell me."

Ted, looking just as concerned as she was, sat down opposite them. He didn't say anything, though. He just waited for their young friend to speak.

Blake groaned and then she lifted her head and sat back in her chair. She folded her arms across her chest, a grim expression on her face. "There's a new man in town. His name is Jerome Slater. Have you heard about him?"

"Sure have." Peggy nodded. "Sarah told me he's staying over at her place. Since the phone company sent workers to town she's turned her place into a sort of bed-and-breakfast. You know that, right? I guess he asked around and people told him he could get lodging there. From what she told me, he's a real charmer." Then, curious, she asked, "So what's he got to do with you?"

Blake's mouth tightened like she didn't want to talk about him but then she started and when she did, her eyes flashed with a fire Peggy hadn't seen before. "He's a charmer, all right. Charming as a snake."

"Why, whatever do you mean? Do you know him?"

"That man is the reason I left Dallas and came to Pequoia."

Ted gave a grunt and folded his arms over his paunch. "One of them heartbreaker kind of guys, huh?"

Blake heaved a sigh and then she shook her head. "It was more than that. We were business partners. He let me down." That was as much as she was willing to share just then but there was one thing she had no hesitation in declaring. "I've got to get that man out of this town. Either he goes or I go but we're both not staying in Pequoia."

"But how are you going to get him to leave?" Peggy gave her a bewildered look. "We can't exactly tar and feather him and run him out of town."

Ted gave another grunt, a much more belligerent sound this time. "Want me to go over there and rough him up?"

That got him a glare from Peggy. "Will you be quiet? You're not as young as you used to be, you know. And anyway, that's no way to handle this."

Blake shook her head. "I don't want Ted to get involved. And Peggy, I'm just telling you this because you're the mayor. I want you to be prepared if anything goes down between me and that snake."

Peggy's eyes widened. "What are you planning to do? I don't like the sound of that, Blake. I don't want you to do anything stupid."

Blake waved a dismissive hand. "I'll be fine. I won't do anything illegal, if that's what you're worried about. I just plan to be ready in case he tries to get too close."

Peggy narrowed her gaze. "Meaning?"

"Meaning, it's time for me to run." Blake pushed back her chair and got up, obviously eager to avoid interrogation, but Peggy wasn't about to let her escape so easily.

"You sit right back down, Blake Beaumont. You're not leaving until you explain yourself." She gave the tabletop a smart pat.

"Aw, let her go, Peg. She's got enough on her plate. She doesn't need you nagging her, too."

Peggy could have killed Ted. He'd gone and spoiled everything just when Blake looked like she would have sat down again. "You stay out of this, Ted."

He surprised her when he ignored her command. He simply got up, walked over to where Blake stood then turned to smile down at her. "Be a sweetheart and put the coffee on till I get back," he said. "I'm going to walk Blake home."

He didn't even wait for her to reply. As soon as Blake bid her goodbye Ted led the way to the front door, leaving Peggy sitting there at the kitchen table.

"Well," she whispered as the door closed behind them. And then she got up, filled the percolator with water and plugged it in.

***

"Thanks, Ted, but you know you don't have to do this, right? It's not like it's dark. I can walk home by myself."

"Nothing doing, Blake. I said I'd see you home and that's what I aim to do." Ted's tone was resolute which told her she wasn't going to get rid of him that easily.

It wasn't that Blake minded the company. She just didn't want to put him out of his way, but since he insisted who was she to tell him no?

In the end, though, she was glad he was walking her home. Ted could be funny when he was in the mood and it looked like this was one of those times because he started telling her about an episode on the telephone company's worksite that had her laughing.

"I told the kid not to climb up there without a harness," he was saying as he strode along beside her. "But did he listen to me? Nah. I know what I'm doing, he says. Been doin' this for nigh on a year." Ted shook his head. "Next thing you know, it's him I see tumbling off the ladder. I had to grab him on the way down before he broke his neck. I just had time to snag him by the seat of his pants and swing him over onto a pile of hay. He got a face full of grass but at least it broke his fall." He shook his head again. "Dang fool."

"I'm glad you were there to rescue him." She reached over and gave Ted a congratulatory pat on the back. "I'm sure his mom is grateful."

"Uh-huh. His supervisor, too. His boss chewed him out good. He didn't even know the guy had gone up there without his harness." He gave a hiss of annoyance. "The things you do when you're young and stupid." He'd just sucked in his breath to say something more when he frowned. "Expecting someone?"

Blake followed his gaze and found herself staring at a big, black and expensive-looking Mercedes Benz SUV parked in front of her building. Immediately, her heart tightened. Had Jerome decided to pay her another visit?

She didn't have time to answer Ted's question. He'd seen her face and the look there told him all he needed to know. He set off toward the vehicle, leaving her in his wake, and he was cracking his knuckles as he went. Ted must have totally forgotten Peggy's warning because he looked like he was rearing for a fight.

There was no way Blake was going to let things get that far. She hurried to catch up. "Hold on. Let me handle this."

"Not on your life. No man is going to come here and think he can bully you. Not in this town, he's not." Ted did not slow down. Within seconds he'd reached the SUV with Blake right by his side. It was when she skidded to a halt at the driver's side that she got a good look at the person who sat there, and it was no Jerome Slater. Not by a long shot. The person who turned his head at her arrival, his eyes hidden behind the tinted lenses of sunglasses, was none other than Ryder Kent. Ryder was home.

"Ryder."

At her gasp, his lips curled into that crooked smile she knew so well and then he raised his hand to lift his sunshades off his face and up onto the top of his head. "Blake." There was a slight, almost imperceptible crack in his voice, but she heard it.

When she stepped back he opened the door and got out and then he stood there gazing down at her like she was a rare treasure he'd just discovered.

And, unable to help herself, she gazed back into the deep, dark pools of his eyes, wanting to run to him but not daring to move.

There was a sudden harsh grunt, making them both start. They turned to look at Ted who had just cleared his throat and now seemed slightly uncomfortable. "Well, I guess I'll be moseying along. I'll catch up with you another time, Blake." He gave Ryder a slight nod, tipped his head toward Blake then he turned and sauntered off the way he'd come.

Blake smiled at his departing figure, glad that he'd quickly decided to give her and Ryder some space, and then she turned her attention back to the man who was making her heart dance to the beat of a very fast drum. "What are you doing here?" Her voice came out soft and breathless.

Ryder gazed at her a moment longer and when he spoke it was with a hint of amusement. "Checking in for work, boss. Do I still have the job?" But then as she watched him, before she gave him an answer, his face turned serious. "I missed you," he said. That was all. But for Blake it was enough.

"I missed you, too," she whispered back.

When he reached down and took her hands she curled her fingers around his and when he drew her into him she did not resist.

As he stared down at her his eyes were dark and enigmatic. "I'm going to kiss you. You know that, don't you?"

Blake's heart fluttered. She knew it. With all her heart she knew it and she wanted nothing more. When she answered it was with one word, an urgent, breathless, "Yes."

At her response he released her but it was so that he could slide his hands up her arms and around her shoulders and then he was pulling her into his arms and against the rock-solid wall of his chest. The pounding of his heart told her he wanted her. It felt like he wanted her as bad as she wanted him.

When Ryder lowered his head to claim her lips she lifted her face to meet him. Their lips touched and the thrill that rippled through her made her moan. Wanting more, wanting him so desperately, she slid her hands up to grasp his arms and so she clung to him, drawing from his strength, fortifying herself with his latent power.

This time Ryder's kiss was urgent and masterful. There was little in the way of gentleness. This time it was all about the desperation of desire, the wanton expression of want.

Right then it was what Blake wanted, needed desperately. She gave Ryder as good as he was giving, kissing him back with such fervor that when he pulled back she moaned again and reached up to cup the back of his head with both hands. When their lips touched again it was she who was doing the kissing, taking from Ryder all that she'd been craving all those lonely weeks.

When they finally parted both of them were panting and as Ryder stared down at her his eyes searched her face. "What's wrong, Blake?" he asked, his brows knitted. "What's happened to you?"

Blake's heart lurched. Had she come on too strong? "What do you mean?" Her tone was cautious.

For a moment Ryder said nothing but then he tilted his head as he regarded her. "Something's changed. There's a tension in you that wasn't there before."

Taken aback, Blake dropped her gaze. Could he read her that easily? He was perceptive and that meant she would have to explain. She bit her lip and she nodded.

When she looked up at him she was struggling to contain her emotions. "A lot has happened since you left," she said softly. "There's something I have to tell you."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

"Your lover? He's here in town? What the devil is he doing here?" Ryder couldn't believe what he was hearing. Blake had spoken as if this guy was in her past but now he was here in Pequoia and what the heck did that mean?

"My fiance, Ryder." She shook her head. "My ex-fiance. There's absolutely nothing between us."

"Then why is he here?" Confused, as he spoke Ryder drew back and away from Blake. He needed space, some air. He needed to think. "I thought you said he didn't know where you were." As he watched her face his eyes narrowed. "When you saw him in Dallas did you tell him?"

Blake glared at him. "Of course I didn't. I'm trying to stay out of his way, not invite him back into my life."

That made him pause. He wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt but he had to ask. "Are you sure?"

Eyes wide, Blake stared back at him and then she shook her head. "I can't believe you asked that. I told you about Jerome and what he did to me. I told you it's over between us."

"Yes, you did. I'm sorry." Ryder felt like the worst jerk. By way of apology he took Blake's hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "This just took me by surprise, that's all."

She nodded. "Me, too. Can you imagine how I felt when he showed up at Beaumont's?"

"He actually came here?" Ryder couldn't stop himself from frowning.

"He did. And before he left he promised to make life unbearable for me. He said he wouldn't stop until I left Pequoia with him. He's going to keep harassing me-"

"Not with me here, he's not. Where is he?" Ryder was getting so riled up he couldn't stay still. He decided he'd better release Blake's hand before he crushed it in his agitation. He shoved both hands inside his pockets.

"I'm not going to tell you. I can handle this on my own." Blake's mouth was set in a stubborn line that told Ryder she wasn't planning on budging any time soon.

"Why are you protecting him? I thought you wanted to get rid of this jerk." He pulled his hands out of his pockets and folded his arms across his chest. He felt as jittery as a bug and this was the best way he knew to keep his anger under control.

"I'm not protecting him." By this time Blake's glare was more like a scowl.

"You could've fooled me. I can get rid of your problem once and for all. Why won't you let me?" There was more to this than Blake was letting on. He could tell. He could read it in her eyes. There was a cloud of conflicting emotions there, a storm that seemed to confirm his worst fears. Blake was protecting her ex-lover because she still felt something for him. She'd denied it but why else was she shielding him?

"Ryder, I don't want you to get involved," she began but he'd heard enough.

"I'm already involved, dammit. Why are you protecting him?"

"It's you I'm protecting, you idiot. I don't want you to get hurt."

Ryder shrugged. "You don't have to worry about me. I can handle myself."

"Not against a handgun, you can't."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means I want you to stay the hell away from Jerome Slater. Ever since I've known him I know he carries a gun. He says it's for protection and that may well be but I don't want him using it in a fit of rage. I don't want you anywhere near him."

Ryder was silent for a while and then he let out a puff of air, a subtle sign of his frustration. "I guess I should thank you for the warning but it actually makes me even more determined to get this guy out of town."

Blake gave a grunt. "That makes two of us. But how do we get rid of him?"

"That is the question..." Ryder's voice trailed off as his mind raced around the problem that this unwanted visitor posed. In the end he could come up with only one conclusion. The best way to divest the man of his exaggerated sense of confidence was for Blake to do what she should have done from the get-go. She would have to put the matter in the hands of the authorities. That would have him flying out of Pequoia so fast she'd only see the trail of dust that he would leave behind.

But when Ryder said as much to Blake, thinking she would jump at the chance to have the man gone, she hesitated.

"Um...let me think about how I'm going to do this." Her face still, she stared off toward the garden he'd made her out back.

"What's there to think about? It's as simple as making a police report. They'll take it from there." When she didn't immediately agree he paused then shook his head. Blake was a mystery he could see he wasn't going to figure out any time soon.

He was just about to say so when she lifted her hand to touch him on the arm. "Let's go inside. You must be hungry after your long drive." She smiled. "I'll fix your favorite, roast beef and mashed potatoes. I'll have it done in no time."

He remained quiet as they turned toward the house but she must have guessed the direction of his thoughts because she gave a soft sigh and then she spoke.

"When we get inside we'll have a long talk," she said, "and then we'll put this behind us once and for all."

***

Next morning Blake was up even earlier than usual, which was surprising seeing that she'd gone to bed so late. After she'd made dinner for Ryder they'd sat there and talked, way into the night, and for a man who was the reserved type and a woman who didn't have much use for gab that was quite a feat. It was like they didn't want the evening to end.

Ryder was just as surprised as she was. She could tell by the way he paused from time to time and just gazed at her, a thoughtful look on his face. It was hard to explain but there was just something between them, something that clicked. It was more than just a physical attraction. It was a synergy that made their thoughts flow like two streams that would meet and make one river. It was a connection that soon had them finishing each other's sentences.

The first time it happened Ryder laughed but then it happened again. And again. And then it came so naturally that they no longer questioned it.

Before they'd reluctantly said their goodnights and headed off to bed she'd heard so many stories about Ryder's brothers, Ridge and Rafe and Ransom, that she almost felt like she knew them. And, of course, she'd told him about her mom and Becky. They each got an earful that night.

And before that they'd talked about how to deal with the Jerome Slater situation. As much as she'd wanted to leave things alone for a bit longer Ryder had convinced her it was time to make Jerome pay for his crime. And that was what it was, plain and simple. She couldn't keep skipping around the fact that he'd committed a crime.

She'd made excuses, hiding behind the fact that on discovery he'd put the money back. More than that, she'd hesitated to make any move simply because of what they'd had. After they'd gone so far together, after she'd fallen in love with him, after she'd trusted him he'd rewarded her with dishonesty and deception and she couldn't even think. All she could feel was shock and hurt and pain...and if she should admit it to herself, shame.

How could she have been such a fool to put all her confidence in him? How would she hold her head up if the world found out that she, a competent and respected business owner, had fallen for that trick? It was bad enough that her family knew but did her business colleagues have to find out, too?

But she'd hidden away long enough. It was time to take the bitter medicine and make full disclosure. Time to go to the police.

Her mind finally made up, Blake felt infinitely better and there was a spring in her step as she descended and made her way toward the kitchen. She was stopped in her tracks when there was a knock at the front door. Immediately, she changed direction and went to open it. When she saw Chris standing there she smiled. "You're out early today." She stepped aside so he could enter. "What gives?"

He shrugged. "I'm only like fifteen minutes early. I was up, chillin' with some music, and then couldn't get back to sleep so I just decided to head on over."

"And I don't mind at all," Blake said as she led the way to the kitchen. "With all the mouths we have to feed we can do with an early start."

"Don't I know it." Chris was already shrugging off his denim jacket as he followed her.

Within another twenty minutes Todd had arrived and soon they'd fallen into their daily rhythm, moving quickly and efficiently as they got things ready before the restaurant opened. Then, just before opening time, the kitchen door opened and Ryder walked in, looking newly shaved and smelling fresh as morning.

"Hey, what are you doing up? I thought you'd sleep in this morning." Her hands full of pancake batter, Blake greeted him with a broad smile.

"And let these kids show me up? Not on your life. I'm up and reporting for duty." He straightened his back and clicked his heels together, making them all laugh at his attempt at a military posture. "So what do you need done? The eggs, the grits, what?"

"We're good," Blake told him, "but we could do with some help getting the food out there. How about being our server today?"

He gave a curt nod and a crooked smile. "It would be my pleasure, ma'am. Ryder Kent, at your service."

Blake laughed again. "Will you stop? You're cracking us up. Now go get your hands washed and come right back."

And so began one of the busiest mornings Blake had ever seen at Beaumont's. It was a good thing Ryder showed up when he did because, in addition to the telephone crew, a government team of eleven turned up unexpectedly. They'd been sent from the communications commission to ensure that this new project underway in Pequoia was executed according to state guidelines.

That morning they had little time to do anything but shout orders to the kitchen crew, pile up the plates with breakfast food and deliver them to the hungry hordes waiting to be served. At one point Blake felt sorry for Ryder but all she could do was throw him an apologetic grin. They had him running back and forth between kitchen and restaurant till she saw a faint film of perspiration begin to bead his upper lip.

And then, as soon as the breakfast rush was over, they had to hurry to get ready for the lunch hour. That ended up being another couple of hours of non-stop rush and by the time three o'clock came around and it was all over they were so exhausted that they each grabbed the nearest chair and collapsed onto it.

Todd was the first to speak. "I hope those communications department guys were only here for the day. If they show up again tomorrow we'll be in big trouble. I don't think I can make eggs that fast again."

Blake grimaced. "Sorry to disappoint you but one of them told me they'll be here at least three days. One down, two to go.

Chris groaned. "My feet hurt."

Blake turned to him. "Your sister's off for the summer, right? What about asking her if she can help us out for the next couple of days?"

He looked doubtful. "She's more the babysitter type but I'll ask her."

"Thanks." She sighed then slipped her feet out of her loafers and wriggled her toes under the table. Then she glanced over at Ryder who was lounging in a chair by the window. As she watched he was gazing out back at his now flourishing garden.

"Hey, you," she called out, drawing his attention over to where she and the teenagers sat. "You're pretty quiet over there. Still alive?"

He gave her a lazy smile. "Yeah, but I'm glad it's over."

"Hear, hear." Todd was only too quick to agree and then he pushed his chair back and got up. "Well, it's time for me to get going. I promised my dad I'd help out at the store this evening."

Blake shook her head. "You're a busy guy. No rest for the weary, right?"

He chuckled. "Right."

"Wait for me," Chris said as he got up. "Mom asked me to pick up some stuff from the supermarket. She said she gave your dad her list yesterday."

"Yeah, sure. Come on." The two boys bid their goodbyes and then they were off, leaving Ryder and Blake still relaxing. Neither one of them moved an inch.

They sat there, enjoying the silence, such a contrast to the frenzy of the earlier part of the day. It was a moment before either one of them spoke.

"Remember that business you have to take care of," Ryder said, his look pointed.

Blake sighed. "I know, but it's better for me to do this in Dallas. I'll get ready and head out right now."

"Not without me," Ryder said. "I'll drive."

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Within forty minutes of their conversation Blake was sitting in the passenger seat of Ryder's SUV. They had a long drive ahead of them and Ryder planned to make it to Dallas and back before midnight. The restaurant would be expected to open as usual at seven o'clock next morning so they didn't have a minute to waste.

He'd stuck the key in the ignition and was just about to start the car when he stopped and frowned. Something was not right. There was something he was forgetting...

He dug into the right back pocket of his trousers and then the left. "My wallet. Where the heck is it?"

Blake's lips curled in a smile. "You'd better run back inside and get it. I don't plan on washing anybody's dirty dishes if we run out of gas along the way."

He chuckled. "Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad thing if that happened." He shook a finger at her. "Payback for what you did to me."

She laughed and held out the key to the building. "You deserved it."

He didn't bother to answer that. He grabbed the key, got out of the car and headed off to the restaurant. He knew exactly where he'd left his wallet. He remembered dropping it on top of the chest of drawers in his bedroom. But when he got there, there was no wallet in sight. Ryder gave a hiss of annoyance. Just what he needed - something to hold them up when they were in a huge hurry.

Moving quickly, he glanced around the bedroom then went to lift up the baseball cap he'd left on the chair, the book on the nightstand and the T-shirt he'd dropped on top of the bed. Nothing. He dropped to his knees and checked under the bed. Still nothing.

Growing even more annoyed, he walked out of the bedroom and down the hallway. When he threw open the bathroom door there it was, black and bulky and stuffed with papers. His wallet was sitting comfortably on top of the counter by the sink with not a care in the world. Ryder grabbed it up and stuffed it into his back pocket. "Stupid wallet," he mumbled. "You just cost me a good four or five minutes."

He pulled the bathroom door shut and loped toward the stairs. He went down the steps two at a time and within seconds was crossing the wide dining room and heading toward the front door.

It was when he was reaching for the knob that he heard it. Something that made him freeze. It was a man's voice, a voice that he did not recognize.

"Are you ready to be sensible?" the man said, his tone irritated and impatient. "You don't belong in this godforsaken place. You belong with me. Why are you fighting this?"

Ryder had heard enough. There was only one man who would be asking Blake a question like that. It had to be that Jerome guy she'd told him about. He swung the door open and stepped out onto the porch, eyes narrowed as his gaze zoned in on the target of his disgust and ire.

Immediately, two pairs of eyes swung in his direction, Blake's flashing dark ones and another set, pale blue and cold and hard.

"Who the hell is that?" the man asked as he swung away from where Blake stood by the Mercedes Benz. He looked like he'd been just about to reach for her but Ryder's sudden appearance put a stop to that.

"Don't you worry about that," Ryder said. "If you know what's good for you, you'll get off this property right now."

The man's scowl darkened and he turned to face Ryder, his hands clenched at his sides. "Who the devil do you think you are, talking to me like that?"

"The name's Ryder. Ryder Kent. And you are?" Ryder didn't need any introductions to know who the man was. He just wanted to get him talking, distract him enough so he could move in closer.

Jerome's frown deepened. "Ryder Kent? I know that name..." And then his eyes widened. "The Ryder Kent? The owner of the biggest dairy brand in North America? You're that Ryder Kent?"

"The same." Ryder's response was brusque. He gave short shrift to Slater's sudden change of tone. The man was easily impressed by money, that much was obvious. But that made him sink even lower in Ryder's eyes. He crossed the porch and went down the steps then walked right up to the man who was staring up at him. Slater wasn't a big man. He actually looked smaller than Blake. Still, there was a shifty look in his eyes that told Ryder he was not to be trusted. "I've answered your question," he said. "Now it's time for you to answer mine. What are you doing on Blake's property when she clearly doesn't want you here?"

"I..." Slater swallowed and glanced over at Blake who was staring at Ryder, a look of surprised confusion on her face. "It's okay that I'm here. Right, Blake?"

She blinked and then she turned to fix a caustic glare on the man. "No, it's not okay. I want you gone."

"You heard the lady." Ryder took a step closer to Slater and the man took a matching step back. "I suggest you get back in your car and leave." When the man hesitated Ryder's scowl darkened and he folded his arms across his chest. "You know who I am," he said, his voice soft and menacing, "and you know I have the power to make your life very miserable. Don't make me go there."

"N...no, Mr. Kent. I'm...leaving." He backed away and when he was at a safe distance he turned and hurried off to his hunter-green Buick. He glanced back only once and it was to throw a furious glare at Blake. He didn't stop, though, not until he'd climbed into his car and started the engine and then turned the car with a screech of tires, slammed on the gas and tore out of the yard, the car kicking up a cloud of dust as he went.

It was only when the car had disappeared down the road that Blake walked over to where Ryder stood, still fuming.

"What was that all about?" she asked. "That thing about a dairy business or brand or something like that?"

His eyes still glued on the road, Ryder shook his head. "We'll talk about that later. We've got a heck of a journey ahead of us and that just cost us another ten minutes." He lifted his chin toward the SUV. "Let's get out of here."

***

"Name?"

"Blake Beaumont."

"Address?"

"Do you want my current residence or my permanent address?"

The bristle-haired, blue-shirted officer gave her a look that told her it didn't matter a hoot to him. "I'll give you my address in Pequoia," she said. "That way you can find me easier."

He shrugged then wrote down the address as she gave it to him. "Phone number?" Pen poised above the paper, he waited for her to give him the information so he could complete the form.

"I don't have one. At least, not one that will work when I get back home."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"We don't have phone service in Pequoia but we will soon. The phone company is setting up the poles as we speak."

The man gave a grunt like he didn't quite believe her but he completed the preliminaries then carefully took her statement, a process that took the better part of an hour. When it was finally over Blake sighed, exhausted from having to relive the ordeal, if even just on paper.

She was glad she had Ryder with her. Through it all he never left her side and when it was over and they were walking back to the car he slid his arm around her waist and pulled her close, letting her rest her head against his shoulder. It was what she needed right then, to draw from his strength. It was the best thing he could have done and she was grateful.

When they settled in the car she turned to him. "I know it's later than we expected but would you mind if I still went by to see Mom and Becky, just for a little bit? I can't come all the way to Dallas and not go see them."

"Of course. I'd be surprised if you didn't." Ryder reached over and gave her a reassuring pat on the leg. "Just give me the address and I'll have you there in a jiffy."

Relieved, she relaxed back into her seat and smiled. "Thanks." It was a word full of meaning. She was thanking him for so many things. He'd been there for her in more ways than one. She couldn't even begin to repay him.

It was almost eight o'clock when they got to Blake's family home. As they pulled into the driveway she saw when Becky drew back the curtains and peeked out, then her eyes lit up and her face split into a wide smile. "Mom, they're here," she yelled and then the curtains fell back in place as she dashed off to the front door. Blake laughed. She was just as eager to see her sister. She couldn't wait to wrap her up in a huge bear hug.

She'd called home as soon as she'd left Pequoia and got a cell phone signal. When she told Becky she was on her way to Dallas her little sister gave a shriek that almost burst her eardrum. Her mother was almost as bad.

And now she was here. It made her almost glad she'd had to come to Dallas for that awful business. At least it was a chance to see her family.

Before she could get out of the vehicle Becky was bounding down the steps. Blake had just enough time to open the passenger door, slip out and hold her arms open wide. Becky barreled right into her, almost knocking her over.

"Blake," she squeaked, "you're here. What took you so long?"

Blake gave her sister a squeeze and then she put her away and stared down into her excited face. "Hey, Squirt, you've been growing again. Don't you know you're not supposed to be growing up without me?"

Becky laughed at her teasing. "You haven't been gone that long."

Blake gave her a playful chuck under the chin and then she turned her toward Ryder who had gotten out of the car and was observing the sisterly greeting, a look of amusement on his face. "Becky, this is Ryder Kent, my escort for today and my...friend." Blake had no idea why she'd stumbled on the word friend. It was like saying it out loud made her think about what it really meant. Friend. Ryder was all that and so much more. "Ryder, this is Becky, my little sis."

"Pleased to meet you, Becky." Ryder gave her an easy smile that had the young girl blushing and smiling back shyly.

Blake glanced up and saw her mother peering through the window. "Come on, guys. We haven't got all night." She set off for the house, leaving Ryder and Becky to bring up the rear. She knew this would have to be a super-quick visit. Ryder had several hours of driving ahead of him and she didn't want to be the cause of an extended delay.

As soon as she stepped onto the porch, Rosie flung the door open wide. "Blake." She held her arms open and Blake stepped right into them, happy to be holding her mother again. Maybe it was the emotion of the moment, brought on by the strain of having to rehash Jerome's deception. She found herself clinging to her mother like she would never let go.

Trying hard not to break down Blake released her mother and stepped back then turned to Ryder who had come to stand just behind her. She forced a smile. "Mom, I'd like you to meet Ryder-"

"Yes, the young man you wrote me about. Your friend." Rosie lifted her hand to shake Ryder's.

"Mom." Blake rolled her eyes. Did she have to go and say all that? What must Ryder be thinking now? Quickly, before her mother got it into her head to reveal anything else, Blake changed the subject. "I finally did it, Mom. The statement is in. Now let the chips fall where they may."

"Good girl." Rosie gave her a congratulatory pat on the arm even as she ushered them into the house. "You should have done it a long time ago but better late than never." Then she smiled back at Ryder. "I hope you like roast beef because that's what I fixed you for dinner." Then she gave her daughter a not-so-subtle wink and all Blake could do was sigh. So much for not wanting Ryder to find out she'd written and told her mother all about him.

After that they sat down to a delicious meal, albeit a quick one, and much too soon and to her regret, Blake had to bring it all to an end. "We've got a long drive ahead of us," she explained, "and I've got to open the restaurant tomorrow."

"I know, dear, and I'm sorry I was such a chatterbox this evening." Rosie gave Ryder an indulgent smile. "You forgive me, don't you?"

He reached out and patted her hand. "There's nothing to forgive. I enjoyed every minute of it."

"And I enjoyed having you here." And from the way she spoke, Blake could tell that her mother liked Ryder. A lot. That was definitely a good sign. But then, when it came to Ryder, what wasn't there to like?

Later, as they traveled along the highway that would take them back to southwest Texas, Blake couldn't help but smile. Just before they'd gone through the door her mother had pulled her back to whisper in her ear. "This one's the real deal," she said softly. "A true gentleman. If you two choose to go further I give you my blessing."

Blake knew exactly what her mother meant. When Rosie first met Jerome she'd found him charming but still she'd hesitated. She hadn't quite come out and said it but Blake could sense her ambivalence. This time, though, there was clearly no question in her mother's mind. As far as she was concerned, Ryder was 'the one'.

"You're okay?"

At his question Blake gazed over at Ryder. "Hmm?"

"You just sighed. Tired?" He glanced at her then back to the stretch of road ahead. Although it was almost ten o'clock the highway was alive with vehicles heading to and fro.

"I'm fine," she said and then spoiled it when she followed her words with a yawn.

Ryder chuckled. "Don't fight it. Relax. Get some sleep. I'll wake you when we get home."

Home. He'd said the word so easily, like Beaumont's was truly her home and his. And she liked the sound of that...very much.

Blake had no idea when she eventually slipped into slumber. She'd felt so safe and comfortable by Ryder's side that she hadn't even tried to resist when she felt sleep begin to claim her. He'd switched on the radio and she was listening to John Legend's, "All of You", when the music faded away and all went still...

Blake woke to the softness of a kiss, the feel of gentle lips on hers. She gave a soft sigh and tilted her face, all the better to receive the sweet caress. If she was dreaming she didn't want to wake up. With a soft moan she slid her hand up Ryder's strong shoulders and as she clung to him she knew this was no dream. It couldn't be, not when Ryder felt so warm, so real.

The kiss, so soft and tender, soon turned insistent. Ryder reached his hand up to cup her chin, tilting her face ever so gently so he could take full control, kissing her with such passion that the embers glowing inside her threatened to burst into flames.

Too soon he was sliding his lips away, but she gasped when those lips left a trail of butterfly kisses along the column of her neck, across her collarbone and then down, down until they caressed the tops of her br**sts.

It was a sweet, sensual caress that made her shiver in response. When Ryder lifted his head to gaze up at her she moaned, wanting more. So much more.

"You're so beautiful." Ryder's words came out in a ragged whisper that revealed the height of his arousal. She wanted this, so badly, but so did he.

Wanting to give him the pleasure he'd just given her, Blake slid her hands under Ryder's arms, urging him up until she had greater access to his body. Just as he'd done just moments before, she feathered soft kisses along the line of his jaw then tickled and teased her way down his neck until she reached the open V at the neck of his shirt. Spurred on by the tortured moan that slipped from his lips she ventured further down, trailing soft caresses across the breadth of his chest, seeking that sweet spot that would have him sighing in pleasure.

She'd almost reached her goal when Ryder sucked in his breath and reached down to cup her face in his hands. He groaned then bent and kissed her on the forehead. "You'd better stop," he whispered, his voice tinged with regret, "if you don't want us to end up doing a whole lot more than just kissing." He reached up to brush away the tendrils that had fallen across her cheeks then, with a gentle smile, he moved away, back to his seat on the driver's side. "It's almost two in the morning. Let me get you to bed."

Blake sighed, wishing he hadn't had the fortitude to stop. She wanted a whole lot more than just kissing. She wanted him.

But he was right. And so when he got out of the car and came around to the passenger's side to help her out she took his hand and walked with him up the pathway to the front door.

And as she walked she knew she was in big trouble. This was the last thing she should be doing right now, the absolute last thing she needed in her life, but like it or not she was falling hopelessly in love with Ryder Kent.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

It was an exhausted couple that trudged down to the kitchen that morning. Ryder looked like he was still half asleep and Blake felt like her eyes were full of cotton wool. They'd gotten up after only three hours of sleep and they were both dog-tired but there was nothing to be done except to push the weariness into the background and get to work. The customers would be pouring in by seven.

To Blake's relief, when Chris walked through the door he had his sister with him. "She's ready to roll," he said with a huge grin. "Let her at 'em."

"Thanks so much for coming, Samantha." Blake went over to greet her. "I hope you're a trooper like your brother because we're going to work you like a dog. Are you up to it?"

The slender teenager laughed. "As long as you're paying, I'm your gal."

And so began a day that was no less hectic than the one before. Todd arrived shortly after Chris and Samantha and they immediately got to work. By the time the first customer walked in they were ready and when the last one walked out after lunch they were worn out but satisfied.

"You did great, Sam. For someone so small you can really handle those trays."

Obviously pleased with Blake's praise, Samantha beamed. "I'll be back first thing tomorrow," she said. "See you." She gave Blake and Ryder a quick wave goodbye and then led the way out the door, the two teenage boys behind her.

Blake turned to Ryder with a sigh. "What a day. I thought it would never end." She pulled out a chair as she spoke, with every intention of plopping her behind on it and taking a load off her feet.

It didn't happen. Her bottom was halfway to its destination when the bell over the front door tinkled and somebody else walked in.

"Oh, no," Blake groaned and threw Ryder a look of desperation. "Not another customer."

"I'll handle this." Ryder moved from behind the bar where he'd been putting away the drinking glasses and headed toward the front entrance but a cheery voice slowed him to a halt.

"Hello, there. Pretty busy today, huh?"

When Blake saw who it was she grinned and dropped down onto the chair. This was not someone who was going to disturb her rest. "Sarah, what brings you over?"

The buxom gray-haired woman walked into the middle of the room and put her hand on her hips. "I came over to tell you that you cost me a customer."

Blake's brows shot up. "What are you talking about?"

"Jerome Slater. Yesterday he came to the house in a heck of a hurry, packed up and flew out of town like the hounds of hell were after him." Sarah laughed. "And I don't mind at all. Peggy told me about him, that he'd been causing you some kind of trouble. Well, good riddance to him."

"You're sure you're not mad? Like you said, I cost you a customer."

"Oh, please. I've got my hands full with those guys from the phone company. I'm just sorry I let that beast of a man stay at my place, but I didn't know." She shook her head. "He came across as so nice but he was nothing but a wolf in sheep's clothing."

"He's good at that, fooling people..." Blake let her voice trail away. She glanced at Ryder who'd returned to the bar and now stood watching them. "Could you do me a favor and pour a drink for Sarah?"

"Not at all," the woman said, waving a dismissive hand. "I'm not staying. I just wanted you to know he's gone."

"Thanks, Sarah. I appreciate it."

"No problem," she said breezily. "I'll catch you kids later."

After she'd gone through the door Ryder walked over to Blake's table, pulled out a chair and sat down beside her. "You'll have to prepare yourself," he said. "This will have to go through the courts."

Blake gave a soft groan. "Just what I need. A bunch of lawyers to suck me dry. I don't have that kind of money right now."

"Don't worry about it," Ryder said, his tone nonchalant. "My team of lawyers can handle that."

"Your team?" When Ryder said nothing Blake followed up with a second question. "Tell me something. That exchange you had with Jerome about owning a dairy business, what was that all about?" She tilted her head toward him, intent on giving him her full attention. "I've been meaning to ask you about that, except I've been so darn busy."

Ryder shrugged. "I own a business in Des Moines. Kent Dairy Industries."

"And that big brand Jerome spoke about. What is it?"

"Cozy Cow."

"Cozy Cow. That's you?"

He nodded.

"Wow," she said in a reverent whisper. "That's huge. And here I have you washing dishes, being my short order cook and waiting tables." She chuckled. "Am I going to get a citation from one of your big shot lawyers?"

Ryder laughed out loud and when he gazed at her again there was a look of relief in his eyes. "I won't tell them if you don't." The next instant his face turned serious. He got up and went around the table to take her hand and pull her to her feet. "I've had a heck of a time with you as my boss."

"Yeah, right." Blake gave him a mocking smile. "What kind of boss was I, when you never let me pay you? Both times I left your paycheck on top of your dressing table you left them behind." She lifted her eyebrows. "Now I know why."

Ryder tightened his fingers around hers and pulled her closer. "There's something else I want you to know about me."

Blake's heart fluttered and she felt a shiver of trepidation run through her. "What?"

"I love you."

Three words, so sweet, so simple, so softly spoken, but they were three words that made Blake's heart soar.

But could it be true? Had Ryder fallen in love with her? "Are you telling me the truth?" she demanded, glaring up at him, willing him to be nothing less than honest.

"I've never lied to you." His voice was quiet, his face solemn. "I'm not going to start now."

And as Blake gazed into his eyes she knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that she could believe his every word. And so, knowing how he felt about her, she was now brave enough to reveal the secret she'd carried inside her heart. "And I love you, Ryder. I love you so much."

At the sound of those words he smiled and bent his head to give her a kiss, so loving, it felt like in that kiss he put his heart and his soul. This time when he drew his lips away it was to whisper in her ear. "Whether you're loving me or bossing me, I want you in my life for always."

Her heart swelling with love, Blake wrapped her arms around Ryder's waist and laid her cheek on his chest, right where she could listen to that wonderful rhythm, the beautiful beat of his heart.

"I'll be only too happy to boss you," she whispered, "any time you want."

EPILOGUE

It was the most joyous sound in the world - church bells ringing on a bright and sunny Saturday afternoon, calling everyone to the happiest of occasions.

Bubbling with excitement, Blake rushed from dressing table to vanity to bed and back again, doing the last of her titivation before she had to run out. One last glance in the mirror and she was all set.

Hurrying down the stairs she called out, "Come on, darling. Let's go. We're going to be late."

"Ready and waiting, ma'am."

Blake stopped midway down the stairs, surprised to see Ryder already waiting at the door, looking stunningly handsome in black tuxedo and ivory-white shirt. As he stood there gazing up at her, so tall and so wickedly gorgeous, she felt that familiar flutter of her heart. She'd known Ryder more than six months yet he never ceased to make her heart race.

Ryder drew in his breath as he stared up at her, his gaze taking her all in, from the coils and soft tendrils of her hair, to her chiffon-light dress, to the toes of her satin slippers. "You're so beautiful." It was a hushed whisper that made her want to run into his arms. Ryder was never stingy with his praise and each time he gave it, it made her heart sing. It was so good to be loved by him.

Holding on to the banister, her eyes trained on him, Blake descended the stairs then walked up to wrap her arms around the man she loved. "And you're the most handsome man in the world. My man."

He smiled at that but then he reached down and took her hand. "Come on," he said. "The church bells are ringing."

Blake gave a happy laugh and they walked hand in hand out the door and toward Ryder's waiting Jaguar. When they got to the church it looked like all of Pequoia was already there. The ladies from the sewing circle had pride of place in the front row. Sarah, Barbara, Beth and Bridget, all looking radiant in their soft pink bridesmaid dresses.

And at the front of the church, looking handsome in his dark tuxedo, his face reflecting a mix of excitement and nervousness, stood Ted. Beside him stood Doug, the best man, looking even more nervous than the groom. When the minister glanced at Doug then shook his head Blake could not suppress a smile.

But then there was no more time to admire the party standing in front of the altar. At that moment the organist struck the chord and the wedding march began. Up the aisle, on the arm of a beaming Chris, came the beautiful bride. Blake's lips parted in happy surprise when she saw her friend. Peggy was stunning in a soft white gown that curved in at the waist and flowed over her h*ps to end just below her knees in a frothy mist of soft waves. On her head was an elegant white hat, tilted just so, giving her a coquettish look that would steal any man's heart.

As she walked up the aisle it was clear that whoever had prepared Peggy to charm her husband-to-be had done an excellent job because, at the sight of her, Ted's brows flew up and his eyes stayed glued on her until she came to stand before him.

Soon it was time for bride and groom to exchange wedding vows and as the words flowed from their lips, heartfelt expressions of their love for each other, Blake's eyes misted with tears. It was all so beautiful...

...so beautiful that she reached down to clasp hands with the man by her side. As she leaned into him he gave her fingers a gentle squeeze then tilted his face so he could whisper in her ear. "Soon, my darling, it will be our turn."

His sweet promise thrilling her heart, Blake lifted her face to gaze up at him and when he saw her tears he shifted his lips so he could kiss her there. As he kissed away her tears the world faded away and all she could see, all she could feel was his unquestioned love for her.

"Soon," he whispered, "you will truly be mine."

With a sigh, Blake reached out to wrap her arm around Ryder's waist. She rested her cheek against his shoulder as she held him close.

He'd promised that she would be his, and she could hardly wait.

