Chapter 1

"They always do that, don't they?" Owen Parker had slurred as Jack Saunders half-carried him out of the bar and back toward the house. "They just want us for something, and it's never just us."

"I hear ya, buddy," Jack agreed, shifting Owen's weight more evenly across his shoulders. Jack was still slightly surprised that the girl had only been interested in drinks from Owen. As far as men went, most women thought Owen was beautiful. Tall, blonde, blue eyes and built like a viking, Owen never seemed to lack for feminine interest. Just goes to show, Jack thought, there's no accounting for taste.

Jack wasn't bad looking himself. Tall, with sandy hair that always seemed to be falling into his hazel eyes, he liked to run and kept himself in fighting shape. Every magazine article said he was a catch. He sometimes wondered if that was referring to his physique and handsome appearance, or to the fact that he owned a multi-billion dollar oil company. Either way, girls always seemed to flock to them, though they never seemed to stay.

"How you doing, Owen?" Jack asked. He didn't regret going out to the small local bar, but he was a little disappointed at just how drunk his friend had gotten. While Jack sipped on a simple jack and diet, Owen had found a pretty little blonde who had promptly drunk him under the table. The girl then went on to find another willing suitor to buy her drinks. Once Owen's desire to pay for her beverages stopped, so did her interest.

"Dude, I think Brandy's bad news," Owen said, stopping in his tracks and nearly pulling Jack over. Owen's face was pale and the sweat on his forehead gleamed a little in the moonlight.

Brandy. Thinking about her made Jack's blood pressure rise to levels requiring a doctor. Bringing her on his "boys" trip had most certainly been a mistake, but he couldn't figure out where he had gone wrong. The sexual tension in the office had been palpable, but out on vacation all she did was grate on his nerves. He had been grateful when her headache had kept her in for the night.

"Come on, Owen," Jack said. "I know you aren't the biggest fan of her, but give her a chance."

Owen's lips thinned and his eyes went glassy. "I just don't think she has your best interests in mind. I don't like her."

Jack took a deep breath. Owen wasn't the only one who didn't like his relationship with Brandy. Rachel, Jack's personal assistant and friend, had basically said the same thing. Only Rachel had used less nice words. He was beginning to think the relationship was doomed.

"Then again, there just doesn't seem to be any girl for us, is there? There will never be some girl that we can just hang out with without them just seeing our money, is there?" Owen sighed, then seemed to freeze up.

"I appreciate your concern, and-" Jack started, but Owen suddenly leaned to the side and started regurgitating all the alcohol in his stomach. Jack sighed. At least Owen had avoided hitting him with projectile vomit.

"The milk was a mistake," Owen groaned, clutching his stomach. Jack rolled his eyes. He hadn't even seen Owen drink any milk, but knowing the lengths Owen would go to impress a girl, he wasn't surprised.

"Let's get you to bed." Jack waited a moment before taking Owen's arm over his shoulder again to make sure he was finished. "I'm pretty sure Janet stocked the fridge with some Gatorade."

Owen moaned in answer but started to shuffle his feet toward the beach house. Jack walked slowly, nearly dropping Owen whenever he started to make retching sounds. Luckily, Owen kept the rest of his stomach down for the remainder of the short walk back.

The beach house gleamed in the moonlight like a beacon of hope as the two men staggered forward. Jack had always liked the place. Technically, it was Owen's beach home, but Jack had stayed enough times that it felt like his own. The house was one of the few places that Jack actually felt comfortable in.

It was that feeling of comfort that had made him choose to have his "bachelor party" here. Jack wasn't getting married, at least not to a woman. The party was more symbolic of his job taking over his life completely. He knew that with the amount of work on his plate this next year, he'd be lucky to have enough time to shower, let alone meet a woman to marry.

As much as he hated it, Jack accepted the fact that he was probably never going to get married. It was just a cold fact of life. He was marrying his business; DS Oil and Gas was his life partner now. Once he signed those papers next week, he would be as off the market as any married man. Thus, the decision to throw a blow out bachelor party.

"Okay, Owen, time to sleep," Jack said gently as he laid Owen down in the first available bedroom. Owen mumbled something and buried his face in the pillow. "You can sleep until the party tomorrow."

He had friends flying in from all over the world to come stay at Owen's lush beach house to celebrate one last time. Tomorrow couldn't come fast enough. He couldn't wait to see the few people in the world that he didn't feel awkward and rich around. For at least a couple of hours, he would get to be "Jack" and not have to be the billionaire.

Jack went to the kitchen to find the Gatorade for Owen. Jack smiled when he opened the pantry to find his two favorite flavors neatly lining one of the shelves of the pantry and several cooling in the fridge. He would have to thank Janet, one of the housekeepers, for doing such a wonderful job. She always knew when Jack was coming to visit and stocked his favorites accordingly.

Owen was already snoring when Jack dropped the bottle off in his room. For a moment, Jack considered finding a sharpie or even some some shaving cream to prank his friend, but decided against it. It wasn't the threat of retaliation, but rather the bone-weary tiredness that decided him. The company's transition next week was already exhausting him.

Jack climbed the stairs to his room, stripping his shirt off as he entered. He didn't bother taking off his pants or even turning on the light before flopping into bed. All he wanted to do was sleep and not think about what he was doing. Nothing in his life felt right at the moment.

"Ooof!" A voice said in the darkness. "What are you doing? You reek."

Brandy. Jack closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He had completely forgotten about Brandy.

"Sorry, baby," he whispered, leaning over to kiss her cheek. "We just got back."

"Well, you can go take a shower," she said shortly. "You smell like a bar."

Jack frowned. Of course he smelled like a bar, that's where he had been all night. "I'll take one in the morning, I'm just really tired and-"

"Then don't sleep in here with me," she snapped. "Either stop smelling like crappy whiskey or find another place to sleep."

Jack stared at the dark in disbelief for a moment before getting up and going to another room. He was exhausted. It shouldn't matter that he smelled like a distillery. That was his room too. This whole place was his.

He flopped down in the guest bedroom down the hall, annoyed. The pillow here wasn't the kind he liked and the bedspread in this room was too heavy. He wanted his room. He scrunched the pillow up under his head in an angry attempt to make it more comfortable.

Bringing Brandy was a mistake. Owen and Rachel both had tried to warn him but he hadn't listened. He had wanted to be in love. For the last week before his father's business took over everything, Jack had wanted to find some happiness.

On the surface, everything had been perfect. Brandy was beautiful with a body that made men's heads spin. She laughed at his jokes and she fawned over his gifts. She had made him feel powerful and wanted.

He shook his head, staring up at the ceiling. She had fluttered her eyelashes and taken him in. Every time he closed the blinds to his office with her inside, he had gotten a rush. But, now that they were on vacation, all the spark from their clandestine meetings in the office was gone.

Jack sighed, holding the breath out for as long as he could, relishing the physical ache. After this trip, everything would be different and yet exactly the same. He knew was after his money, but at least she had made the effort to give him the illusion of having feelings for him.

She must still just have a headache, Jack thought to himself. Everything will be back to normal in the morning.

Chapter 2

Everything was not back to normal in the morning. The first few times his phone buzzed, Jack didn't even bother getting up to answer it. He just prayed that it would stop before his hangover got worse.

When it started to vibrate non-stop, he finally reached out from under the blanket to look at who was calling. He had specifically requested that he only be bothered for emergencies, but one look at the Caller ID told him that he better pick it up.

"What's up, Dean?" he asked, his voice cracking halfway through the sentence.

"What's up? I've been trying to call you for a half hour now," the angry man on the other end of the line said.

"I know, I just woke up." I am on vacation, after all, Jack thought. But he knew his bodyguard was just looking after him.

"Just woke- oh. Oh." Dean sounded like he understood. Jack could hear someone talking in the background, then he heard Dean say, "He said he just woke up."

Jack looked at the clock. 9:30 AM. It wasn't even that late, but for the CEO of a company, that might as well be sleeping in until sunset. He knew he'd be pulling some hours before dawn as soon as he started.

"Listen, guys, is everything okay? Did you land? Are you here?"

"Yeah, we're here and we'll be there soon."

"Did you bring it?" Jack asked, a smile creeping across his face.

"Bring what?" Dean asked.

"Don't be coy. Did you bring the shirt?"

There was a pause. Jack hoped that he wouldn't have to trek into town to buy one if he didn't. "Yes, I brought it," Dean said with an exasperated sigh.

The thought of his stoic and incredibly reserved bodyguard wearing that ridiculous Hawaiian shirt almost made Jack's headache go away. Almost. "Good. I'll see you when you get here."

Jack hung up the phone and wandered out of the room. He nearly forgot why he wasn't sleeping in his own bed, but he remembered as soon as he got to the kitchen for breakfast. There was Brandy, looking unhappy as ever. Clearly she thought that Jack had slept too late as well.

"Hey there," Jack said, sauntering up to her. He leaned into kiss her.

"Ugh, you still reek," she said, pushing him away. A flash of anger washed over Jack, but he managed to keep it in check. "When are you going to shower?"

He moved away from her with a sigh and went to get a toaster pastry. They weren't usually on his menu, but this was vacation after all. "Right after breakfast," Jack said.

"Well, after you smell better, I was thinking we might go into town. I was thinking that you might get me some of that island jewelry," she said, her eyes sparkling a little bit. "The island is renowned for their diamond and tanzanite pieces."

Jack froze. "Honey, you know that my party is today. I'll be preparing all day for it."

Brandy sighed. "Oh, is that tonight? Well, we'll just have to make it quick."

"I literally don't have any time to take you shopping today." Jack sighed. He wanted her to have fun on this trip, too. "Can it wait until tomorrow?"

Brandy pouted. "Well... Don't you want me to look good at your little party tonight?"

Is she for real? Jack thought. He was sure he had already explained this to her. "Brandy, we've been over this. Tonight's party is for guys only. You're going to have to find something else to do tonight."

Her mouth dropped a little bit. "I thought you were just fooling around." Jack shook his head. "Fine," she continued. "If you don't want me here, then I won't be here. Enjoy your little boy's party tonight." She stomped out of the room.

Jack just stood there, eating his Pop Tart. She had been so different at the office, flirting and giggling. Even out at restaurants she shined. The few moments that they had managed to be alone that didn't involve sex at the office, had been high points in his days. They were always full of excited whispers and giddy anticipation. Now that they really were alone out here, the anticipation and excitement was gone.

Jack munched on the last piece of toaster pastry. He would have to find Brandy something sparkly tomorrow. When she had talked about the jewelry, her eyes had finally lit up like they did at the office. Maybe that would buy him some peace.

***

Krista's note: This scene is told from Izzy's pont of view in Sandcastle Kisses.

Jack came and sat down next to Owen at the bar of the Man Cave. The Man Cave was probably Jack's favorite part of the beach house. A tattered but extremely comfortable old couch sat in front of a big screened TV attached to every game console ever invented. There was an old pinball machine from Owen's college days and a bar along the wall that was Owen's pride and joy.

Everything for the party was coming together nicely. The DJ was setting up in the next room while the food and beverages arrived. Rachel was upstairs directing traffic and running the show and while Dean managed the security. Guests would be arriving any moment.

"Nice shirt, Dean," a man with jet black hair and an easy smile said, coming down the stairs. Dean scowled at him, but let him pass. Jack hoped everyone commented on Dean's obnoxious shirt.

"Hey, Noah," Jack greeted the newcomer. "Glad you could make it."

"Wouldn't miss it for the world," Noah replied. "I still get to work the bar tonight, right?"

"Why do you think he invited you?" Owen quipped. "No one makes the drinks like you."

Noah laughed, going around behind the back of the bar. "So, what'll it be, gents?" Noah asked, pulling out glasses and prepping the area. He moved easily, always on his toes. Jack still remembered that the man could pack quite a punch.

"Do you know a Naughty Shirley?" Jack asked with a wink. Noah grinned and pulled out a rounded glass. This was how the two of them had met: at a college bar with those same words. Unfortunately, Noah had been dating a girl named Shirley at the time. The two men's first meeting hadn't ended so well, with Jack learning just why the new bartender was at college on a partial boxing scholarship, but it had started their friendship.

"And for you, Owen?" Noah asked, setting the glass down.

Owen narrowed his eyes. "Nothing for me. I'm good." At the original fight, Owen had sucker punched Noah once Jack went down. Despite years of protests to the contrary, Owen was certain Noah was going to try and get him back someday for the unclean hit. Noah swore that he had let Owen hit him and as such, felt no need to ever do anything in return. It had now turned into a form of game for the three of them.

"Um, I'm the bartender?" a quiet female voice squeaked by the stairs. All three men looked over at the girl standing on the bottom step shrinking quickly under Dean's impressive glare. "The woman upstairs told me to tell the guy wearing the Hawaiian shirt..."

"Quit scaring the poor girl," Jack said, jumping up and putting his hand on Dean's shoulder. He knew Dean was just messing with her. In a dark vest and white shirt, it was obvious who she was. "Don't mind Dean. He's just mad that we made him dress up for the occasion."

The girl smiled in relief. She was pretty, with strawberry blonde hair and green eyes and a smattering of freckles across her cheeks. Not really Jack's type, but definitely cute enough that he would enjoy her bar-tending for the evening.

"I'm Jack. The bar's this way." Jack put his hand on her shoulder and guided her in the direction of the bar. Her eyes were darting every which way trying to take in everything all at once.

"I'm Izzy," she replied. "Nice to meet you."

She moved around the entrance of the bar, smiling at Jack and promptly ran straight into Noah, sending the ice from the drink he was making directly down his shirt.

"Oh crap! I'm so sorry," she apologized, reaching for something to dry him off with. She flushed, and Jack thought it made her look prettier. It was such a natural thing to do. He realized, he had never seen Brandy blush like that.

"Don't worry about it. At least it was just ice," Noah said, laughing. "I'm Noah. I'm going to be helping you out tonight."

The two shook hands, something passing between them. Bartender secrets probably, Jack thought as Izzy blushed again. Noah released her hand and picked up a fresh glass, going back to the important task of making Jack's drink.

"A Naughty Shirley for the man of the hour," he said, handing the completed drink across the bar to Jack. Jack took a big sip and let out a sigh of happiness.

"Best bartender ever," Jack said, winking at Izzy. The two black eyes all those years ago had been worth it. The man knew how to make a drink.

"The woman upstairs didn't say anything about having someone else," the female bartender said, looking at Noah and frowning slightly. It wasn't a big bar for the two of them to share.

"The guys brought me in special. I used to be their bartender when we were in college," Noah replied with a grin. Jack could already see the wheels turning in Noah's head. Izzy was just his type.

"All right," she said with an answering grin, pulling out an empty beer pitcher and chucking in a couple of ones. "What side of the bar do you want?"

"I'll take this side," Noah said, inclining his head to the left.

"Barkeep!" Jack called out as he finished off his drink. "Sex on the Beach next, if you don't mind."

"You know, you really have to buy me dinner first," Noah told him with a wink. This banter was what had kept Jack from getting the man fired from his job.

"Make me an Angel's Tit, Noah," Owen added.

"Any real drinks?" Izzy teased, snickering slightly.

"With these two?" Noah laughed. "Not likely. The reason I was their favorite bartender was because I was the only one who could make the drinks girly enough for them!"

Izzy started pulling out bottles of liquor to help Noah make the drinks. "So, you're Noah, you're Jack, the guy at the door is Dean, and you are?" she asked looking at Owen.

Noah, Owen, and Jack all looked at one another. Owen had just made the cover of "Business Weekly" as the top-performer at DS Oil and Gas. People came up to him at the airport because they recognized him. Jack started to laugh. Maybe Owen wasn't as famous as he thought he was.

"You don't know who he is?" Noah asked in disbelief.

"No..." she replied, looking carefully at Owen's chiseled good looks. "Should I?"

"This is my house. Jack here is just borrowing it," Owen supplied. If she was a local, then she probably knew who all the big spenders on the island were. "Does that help?"

She frowned, thinking hard before shrugging. "I got nothing."

Jack laughed. This was too much fun. He wondered for a moment if Rachel had found her on purpose. "Bob. His name's Bob. I guess you don't know Noah's or my last names?"

"If I didn't know his first name, how the heck am I supposed to know your last names?" she reasoned with him. His grin got bigger. "Why, are you guys famous or something?"

"Or something," Noah said, handing "Bob" his completed Angel's Tit.

Two more men entered the man cave, getting past Hawaiian-shirt Dean with a nod. Logan, tall and slender with messy honey-colored curls patted him on the shoulder. Jack recognized the second man with a groan. It was Paul the lawyer. Jack was going to have to ask why in the hell Logan had brought the obnoxious man with him to the party.

Still, he was glad to see Logan. With him there, his closest friends had officially all arrived. More guests would still be arriving, but the people he wanted to see most but saw the least of were here.

"Joe!" Jack called out, hurrying over to greet Logan. "Joe" got a very confused look on his face.

"Dude, this is Paul..." Logan said, patting Jack's shoulder like a disturbed child. "You've met him before."

Jack rolled his eyes. "No, you're Joe. Our bartender doesn't know who we are." Jack grinned as "Joe's" eyes lit up as he got it.

"That game? I love it. I guess he's still Paul, then." Logan/Joe inclined his head at the heavy-set man bee-lining his way to the bar. "Who's everybody else?"

"I already introduced myself as Jack. Same with Noah. But "Bob" did not."

"Lucky Bob, then. Noah's here? Awesome." Logan/Joe turned to the bar, looked at Izzy, and mumbled something about a lucky Noah.

"Give me some of that 1954 Mccallan scotch, sweetheart," Paul said, sidling up the bar." And don't be stingy."

Jack looked at Logan. "Why'd you bring him? This is supposed to a party."

Logan shrugged. "He's been working with my dad to try and take over this concierge travel business..." Logan shook his head, exasperated. "He overheard me and had dad invite him. I didn't get any say in it."

"You are worth billions and you didn't get any say in it?" Owen asked. His tone was mild but the condescension was still there.

Logan glared at him. Logan's father was a definite sore spot with him. "Drop it, okay?"

"What about Aiden? Is he coming?" Jack asked, trying to change the subject. Tonight was supposed to be about fun.

"Yeah, he'll be here later with Sebastian and Leo. They decided to Jet-pool, and Leo was late as usual," Logan replied. He eyed the TV and game consoles. "Halo match?"

"You're going down," Owen informed him. "No crying to Daddy when you lose."

"You're going to be asking for your mommy when I'm done with you," Logan informed him, heading to the couch. Jack rolled his eyes at both of them but followed along willingly.

They set up the game and Jack quickly lost himself to killing aliens. The three men called out taunts and insults, thoroughly enjoying the blood-lust and competition of the game. Jack only paused the game when his younger brother waltzed in the door.

"Hello, Party People!" Robbie announced. Jack sighed. He had been hoping for a little more time before his screw up brother showed up. While the two men looked alike, with the same sandy hair and rugged features, they couldn't be more different. Where Jack was dedicated and professional, Robbie was a drunk with no direction in his life.

"Looking good, Dean," Robbie said, patting Dean's chest and admiring his shirt. Dean rolled his eyes. He'd rescued Robbie's ass enough times not to take him too seriously.

"Oh, look, my brother is here," Jack said blithely. "Noah, Izzy, hide the booze so there's some for everybody else."

"Hi, big bro. Love you too." Robbie winked at him and then went directly to the bar. Jack sighed and un-paused the game. He had aliens to smash. Owen killed him immediately, putting Jack just behind him in the rankings. Jack reached down and found that his drink was empty.

"Noah, Izzy!" Jack called out. "More drinks!"

The game officially ended and Owen stood up to do his victory dance. "I win again!"

"Here you go, Jack," Izzy said, handing him a drink. Jack took a big sip. He was going to destroy Owen in the next match. Izzy handed something with a ridiculous amount of whip cream to Owen. "And here's your drink, Owen."

Owen immediately stopped his obnoxious arm wiggle. "So you do know who we are?"

"Owen was actually a guess, OwenedU" she said, tilting her head to the winner's screen. The video game clearly highlighted his name on the screen. He sank into his chair and groaned. "But thanks for the confirmation. One down, two to go."

Jack laughed. His victory dance was what had given him away. Served him right. "Ready?"

The game started off. Jack was in the lead, riding around in a stolen Ghost and killing the level. Jack focused entirely on the game, blocking out all the sounds of the party behind him. He was going to win, but then with just a few moments left in the game, Owen somehow tied him. Logan was close enough to be a threat when Izzy walked directly in front of the TV screen.

He craned his next, desperate to see around her and stomp Owen into the ground but she just stood there, calling out, "Drink for Joe."

"Just take the damn drink, Logan!" Jack hissed before realizing his mistake. He let the control drop to his lap, and he looked up at Izzy, eyes narrowed in speculation as the game ended. Owen won the match again. "You did that on purpose, didn't you?"

"Maybe. Your brother bet me I couldn't get everyone's name by the end of the night, and now he's the only one left with a pseudonym." She handed Logan his drink, moving away from the TV.

Jack raised his eyebrows and looked over at his brother. "Just first names?"

She nodded. Jack thought for a moment. This was definitely a form of entertainment he hadn't planned on for the evening. It was nice not to be recognized.

"If you can get his name out of him, I'll double whatever he offered you," Jack said. That should be a good incentive for her to mess with Robbie. If she was able to get him to spill Logan's identity by simply standing in front of the TV, he was excited to see just what she would do to Robbie.

"Are you sure? I mean, he offered two thousand dollars, and I don't want to put you in a tight spot," she said, her eyes wide at the amounts. It was kind of cute.

"Just two?" Jack frowned. He yelled across the room at his brother, "You're getting cheap, bro!"

Robbie just grinned at him from the bar.

"What are we calling him anyway?" Jack asked.

"Sam," Izzy told him, picking up a couple of empty drink cups. Jack laughed.

"Oh, I bet he loves that. Sam was the name of his girlfriend in middle school." The two had been inseparable and insufferable.

"She was not my girlfriend!" Robbie yelled at Jack, unfortunately sounding like a middle-schooler himself.

"Right, that's why you cried-ouch, man!" Jack stopped his teasing as Owen smacked his arm.

"I know it's your party, but I don't want you two to brawl again. Especially over that. Leave it," Owen warned. Owen's blue eyes darkened as he stared Jack down. Jack glared at him for a moment and then shrugged. Owen was right. It wasn't worth it.

"Rematch?" Jack challenged. He was going to beat Owen if it killed him.

Owen hit start on the game.

***

It wasn't long before Aiden, Sebastian, and Leo arrived.

Logan shook his brother Aiden's hand. "Hey, we're playing the game tonight. My name is 'Joe' tonight."

Aiden looked mad. He looked at his buddies and said, "Man, I told you we should have gotten her earlier. I love this game!"

Jack spoke up. "Aiden, nobody ever believes you're rich anyway, you bum!" That got a lot of laughs, but they all knew it was right.

Once they were settled, the official Halo tournament began. It was one of the main events of the party for Jack. He had played more Halo during college than he had spent studying, but he remembered it as a good time. It didn't matter who he was when he played. It just mattered that he was good. As one of his last memories of freedom before the job took over his life, he wanted to feel the simple joy of winning the game.

The tournament sucked Jack away, just like he wanted it to. The hours flew past, buoyed by the fruity, girly drinks Noah had perfected. The night was going just how he had planned. He was tipsy enough to feel good, but not drunk, and was dominating everyone but Owen in the tournament. It was down to just the two of them and he was about to win; that was until Leo barfed all over his shoes. It of course happened with just seconds left in the match, distracting him and letting Owen win the match and the tournament.

Jack dropped his controller in his lap and groaned. At least Owen didn't do a victory dance. "How can you still beat me when your house is now covered in vomit?" Jack asked.

Owen blinked. With complete sincerity, he said, "Years of practice of hanging out with you destructive ass**les."

Jack smiled. "Dean, will you grab me a bucket and some napkins?"

Dean came over with an empty ice bucket and a roll of paper towels. He took one look at Leo and shook his head. "He's going to need more than just a bucket."

Jack sighed. He was going to have to clean up after someone else's mess. Story of his life it seemed. He bent down and took one arm while Dean took the other, and together they took him upstairs to put him to bed.

"He's in this room tonight," Owen said, holding open the door to one of the guest rooms. It was the one Jack had put Owen in after their night in the bar. The nightstand was already stocked with Gatorade and water. Rachel had thought of everything.

"Hey guys," Aiden called, popping his head in the door. "We need some muscle. Paul's roughing up one of the caterers."

Jack sighed. So much for his perfect bachelor's night. "Dean, Owen, you two go down and kick the crap out of Paul. I'll get Leo cleaned up and put to bed."

"I'm okay, really..." Leo tried to protest, but then sprinted to the bathroom.

At least it wasn't on my shoes again, Jack thought as Dean and Owen hurried out to solve whatever damage Paul had done. He hoped they really did have to beat him up. Maybe he could go get a punch in himself. Jack certainly felt like punching something.

Jack got Leo back into bed and set up with a bowl and a bottle of water before cleaning off his own shoes. Jack was pretty sure he wouldn't be hearing from Leo until at least late evening with the hangover he was going to have. As delicious as Noah's drinks were, they unfortunately left the worst headaches.

Jack meandered back to the Man Cave just in time to see Noah and Izzy come back down the stairs. Izzy was pale and shaken while Noah had his pissed-ready-to-hit something face on.

"Is everything okay?" Jack asked.

Noah put a hand on his shoulder. "Yeah. Paul was just a dick. Like usual. Sorry about the bad ending to the party."

"Not your fault. Besides, the party was mostly over anyway." Jack shrugged and looked around the room. Glasses and food were everywhere. "It was still a great sendoff."

Sendoff?" Izzy asked, peeking at his left hand. "Are you getting married or something?"

Jack laughed. "I suppose you could say that I'm getting married to my job. I'm taking over my dad's company in a week, and I won't get another day off until I'm seventy. I even got a nice little bed installed in my office." He grimaced and shook his head as if to clear the thought. "Where's Ro-I mean, where's 'Sam'?"

"Robbie is upstairs helping," Izzy said, emphasizing the name.

Jack laughed. "So he lost the bet. Good job. I'll have Rachel put my part on your check. Don't let Robbie stiff you on his share."

Jack went and sat on the couch. Someone had cleaned up Leo's accident, so at least he didn't have to deal with that. He started a new game, more just to relax and let his brain melt than to actually play.

Rachel came down shortly after but he was already drifting to sleep. He heard Noah offer to walk Izzy out and Rachel say something about waiting until the morning for the cleaners.

Jack stared at the TV screen as long as he could. He was tired down to his bones. All he wanted to do was sleep. He turned off the game console and headed upstairs, nearly going for his normal room before deciding he didn't feel like dealing with Brandy. He probably smelled like booze again and didn't want to be chastised about it.

He collapsed into bed, thinking he would pass out almost immediately. Instead he lay there, face buried in the pillow just thinking. His life was about to become an endless string of meetings and business transactions, yet all he could think about was how nice it had been not to have Izzy know his last name.

Chapter 3

Jack raised his arms above his head, feeling his shoulders tighten and release with the motion as he climbed out of bed. Surprisingly, he wasn't hung over. If nothing else, that made the day a good one.

Only a few more days, Jack thought as he threw on a t-shirt over his swim trunks. Only a few more days before Dad's company owns me.

He barked a bitter laugh. Who was he kidding? His father's company already owned him and he knew it. Next week would just make it official. His thoughts skittered away from the cause of the sudden increase in responsibility. He didn't want to think about how his father's gaunt frame no longer in his suits or how tired his once vivacious father became during even the simplest of meetings. Jack didn't have to read the doctor's reports to know the chemotherapy wasn't working. It was written all over his father's face.

Jack scrubbed his face with his hands and then ran them through his hair. This wasn't the time to be thinking such morbid, unhappy thoughts. This was vacation. He should be frolicking on the beach or out pestering Robbie on his boat, not using the last few days of freedom to dwell on things he couldn't change.

Jack shook his head, trying to free himself from the cobwebs of his thoughts. He needed breakfast.

He sauntered down the stairs, heading for the kitchen when he heard voices coming through the swinging door.

"I'm so sorry, ma'am. Jack didn't tell me anything about getting you any yogurt." Jack recognized the voice as coming from one of his housekeepers, Janet. He smiled when he thought of her kindly face, even as she was apologizing for something that wasn't her fault.

"Well, you probably should start remembering what it is I like. The next time we come here, I'll be Mrs. Saunders, and the first thing I'm going to do is get rid of the dead weight around here." Brandy paused for a moment, obviously evaluating the woman in front of her. "And it looks like you have plenty of dead weight to spare," Jack heard Brandi say.

Jack's jaw dropped as he leaned against the wall. Janet apologized again, promising to go and get some yogurt right away. Her keys jingled as she ran out of the kitchen to start her car. He knew how much Janet needed this job to feed her three kids.

"She better not get the cheap kind." Brandy sighed and slammed the fridge door shut. "And she didn't even wait for me to tell her to get more celery. Fuck, I need another drink. I'm going to have to fire all of Jack's staff."

Jack couldn't believe his ears. He thought about calling Janet back, but realized it was pretty futile. Besides, it wasn't Janet that was the problem. It was Brandy.

Jack didn't think. He just slammed open the kitchen door, ready to confront Brandy with what he had just heard. The woman thought that she was going to be Mrs. Saunders? What, one trip and they were suddenly engaged? The disrespect and pride of that woman burned in his veins. She had strung him along with her pretty blue eyes and soft giggles, but the way she spoke to Janet was unmistakable. She was a total bitch.

The kitchen door creaked on its hinges, still swinging from the Jack's charge. It was the only sound in the empty kitchen. Jack stomped to the window, still ready for a fight. Brandy was making her way to a chair next to someone sitting out on the porch. Jack shifted his position slightly and could see her smile widely at Paul.

Jack's stomach twisted with oily nausea as Brandy touched the scummy lawyer's arm and giggled before sitting down on a lounge chair next to him on the porch.

"Are you the pool boy?" she asked, letting her robe hang open, displaying her perfect bikini body as she sipped on a Bloody Mary. Jack had known her for long enough to know a Bloody Mary this early meant she was hung over. He didn't even want to know where she got drunk last night.

"I'm whatever you want, baby." Paul's lecherous eyes gobbled her up.

Brandy laughed the giggle that Jack had thought was only for him. The one that had made him feel special.

"You look like the pool boy to me, handsome." She fluttered her eyelashes and sipped demurely on her drink. Greed shone in her eyes at the possibility of another billionaire in her grasp.

He stepped back from the window fighting the urge to throw up. He wasn't even going to bother going out there now. If Brandy thought the dirt-bag lawyer was a rich friend of his, then she was welcome to him.

Pieces of their history were falling together in unpleasant ways. Like how Brandy always convinced him to buy her expensive things, her insistence at only staying at the best hotels, and even how she had asked him to fire the mail clerk after he remarked she was cute. He had been so blind.

"Morning, Jack" Rachel greeted him from behind, making him spin. She pulled a mug from a cabinet and then set it down without filling it as soon as she saw his face. "You okay?"

"Fine," he growled.

The woman he considered somewhere between sister and mother raised her eyebrows. "You look pissed."

He glared at her. She had been right about Brandy but damn her if he was ready to tell anyone that yet. "I want Paul gone."

"Of course, sir," she replied, picking up on his unhappy tone and slipping directly into business mode. "Anything else?"

"Give Janet a bonus."

***

Jack slammed the door to the beach mansion behind him, hearing the windows rattle in their panes. He was furious: couldn't see straight, red vision, knuckles needing to punch something kind of furious.

"Damn her," he growled under his breath as he stalked away from the mansion. He walked along the beach, kicking at the sand and clenching his fists.

Brandy. Just thinking her name made Jack's blood pressure rise. She was so fired. He had brought his secretary on vacation with him, thinking that he might have finally found someone, and then she betrayed him. She was only after his money. Just like everyone else, Jack thought with a sigh.

He kicked the sand, trying to calm himself down rather than rev himself up, but it wasn't easy. He had wanted to trust Brandy. She had been so easy to trust that he couldn't believe he hadn't seen her intentions before now. The fact that he had defended her to Owen and Rachel stung. They had been right about her all along. He knew he had just been seeing what he wanted to see.

Picking up a rock, he threw it into the ocean as hard and as fast as he could. And then another. He thought about going back and finding Noah for a boxing lesson. He wanted to hit something. To break something. He felt the need to destroy something.

He threw the last rock hard enough to make his shoulder pop. The rock dropped peacefully into the waves as though nothing had happened. The ocean was peace and tranquility.

Jack sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. Now that he had a moment to calm down, his rational business mind was kicking in. He couldn't fire her just because she had played him; as far as her job was concerned, she hadn't technically done anything wrong. As far as the company was concerned, they weren't even dating. He would have to be the good employer and just transfer her. He comforted himself with the thought that at least a department transfer would hurt her plans just as much as a pink slip.

He wished he had another rock, but the beach was just smooth white sand. He started walking, his mind going in hundreds of directions at once and none of them pleasant. Despite being on vacation, he was already mentally preparing for the incredible amount of work that was coming with taking over his father's company, with his father's illness weighing heavy as the cause. Throw in this mess with the secretary and how it just further proved that he was going to end up alone, and he was ready to run away and become an island hobo.

"Somebody, help! HELP!"

The scream cut through his thoughts like a hot knife. He didn't even have to think, his legs just took off in the direction of the cries. A woman jumped from her beach towel and sprinted out in front of him, heading directly into the water.

Jack reached in his pocket, grabbing his phone and dialing for help as he ran. The woman, who he immediately dubbed Beach-Girl, was already halfway out to a struggling couple in the water. The other woman was screaming while the man next to her bobbed lifelessly in the water.

"Get me an ambulance. NOW," he commanded into the phone. He didn't even bother to wait for Rachel's reply before stuffing the phone back in his pocket and running into the water. He was glad Rachel had insisted upon the waterproof version of the phone this time.

Beach-Girl struggled to lift the man out of the water while the other woman splashed and screamed with panic, doing absolutely nothing to help. Jack grabbed the lifeless man's shoulders and hauled him out to the sand.

Beach-Girl pushed Jack to the side as soon as the man was clear of the water, dropping to her knees to check for a pulse. She paled slightly, but she didn't pause, going straight into CPR. She hummed to keep the beat for her compressions and he vaguely recognized a Bee Gee's song.

"Oh my God! Oh my God!" the woman from the water screamed, watching Beach-Girl press down on the man's chest. Jack needed to help. Beach-girl had the compressions under control, so he took the screaming woman to the side. She didn't need to watch this, and Beach-Girl would have more success without a crazy woman screaming at her.

"What's your name?" Jack asked, taking the panicking woman's shoulders in his hands and forcing her to look at him. She was shaking like a leaf.

"Jenna..." she whispered, trying to turn her head to look at the man she was with. "Oh, my God..."

"Jenna. Look at me." Jack used his most authoritative voice, the one he reserved for board meetings or his little brother. "Does he have any heart conditions?"

"I don't know... wait, yes!" Jenna's eyes focused, responding to Jack's tone. Her hand gripped his arm like a vice. "He said it wasn't a problem though!"

"Is he on any medications? Even stuff that he wasn't prescribed?" Jack pressed. He hoped he was remembering the questions correctly. The mandatory staff CPR class had been a long time ago. He was going to have to remember to ask Rachel to schedule another one.

"No, no... Well, he took something today. A little blue pill- it's our first vacation together and we didn't think it would cause any harm!" Jenna started to wail and shake even harder. Her grip on his arm was to the point of being painful. "Oh god, why did I let him take it?"

As if on cue, the man sputtered under Beach-Girl's hands, coughing and spewing up sea water. Jenna immediately released him and ran to the now breathing man. Beach-girl leaned back on her heels, looking dazed but still in control of herself. Jack was impressed at her calm.

It seemed like a strange time to notice, but Beach-Girl was stunning. Not in the way a model or actress was made up to be stunning, but in a wholesome, girl-next-door way that completely caught him off guard. Long, beautiful, brown hair fell across her face and she shook her head to clear it from her lovely green eyes. She stood slowly, her eyes on something behind him. She had luscious curves and h*ps that made him want to dance with her.

Two uniformed men ran past him with a stretcher, quickly taking control of the situation. Beach-Girl backed away as the two men quickly hurried their patient and Jenna into the waiting ambulance. Jack barely paid them any attention, his eyes focused solely on Beach-Girl as she turned to look for something in the water.

He had to talk to her. Not just because they had just saved someone's life together, but because he couldn't stop looking at her. If Jack had a type, she wasn't it. He usually went for the long, leggy blondes or even a spicy redhead, but never a curvy girl with no makeup on. Yet, he didn't think he had ever met anyone so naturally attractive.

"That was amazing," Jack said, coming up to her. His voice sounded far too high to his own ears. She spun around to face him, her eyes going to his.

"Oh, um, thanks. I didn't even really have time to think about it to be honest. I just reacted," she replied, a blush touching her already flushed cheeks. Jack's heart pounded in his chest and he felt blood rushing elsewhere as well. She was beautiful and sexy.

Jack ran a hand through his hair, feeling nervous. He hadn't felt nervous talking to a girl since high school, but somehow she was making his palms sweat. "Well, I think you saved his life. Not a bad thing to tell the folks at home about your vacation. You did really well."

"Thank you," she replied with gentle smile. "You helped-you kept his girlfriend from completely freaking out."

Jack grinned. "I think it was his wife. She had a big diamond on her finger," he said, rubbing the spot on his arm where Jenna had most likely left a bruise. He wished he had something clever and charming to say that would sweep her off her feet. Instead he just held out his hand and said the next logical thing he could think of. "I'm Jack, by the way. Jack Saunders."

He waited for the inevitable light-bulb to go off in her eyes as she recognized his name. He had seen it enough times to recognize the exact moment when either awe or greed took over.

"Emma." She took his hand firmly in hers and shook. Her tiny hands were strong. "Emma LaRue."

"Emma," he repeated, watching her carefully. The look hadn't come yet. He held onto her hand, waiting for the other shoe to drop. People always recognized him. Always. "Well, it is very nice to meet you, Emma. Are you staying at the resort here?"

She held up her opposite hand to display a pink bracelet. "Yup. How about you?"

"No, I am staying at a house down a little further on the beach," he said, jerking his head back in the direction he had come from. She still hadn't recognized him.

"Oh, that must be nice. The houses I saw on the way in looked very nice," she replied, obviously blushing slightly at her overuse of nice. He wondered for a moment if he was having the same effect on the beautiful girl as she was having on him.

Let go of her hand... let go of her hand... Let go or she'll think you're nuts... Jack thought to himself, forcing his hand to release hers. He immediately missed her touch.

"I'm actually trying to escape it right now," he said, desperate to keep the conversation going. Brandy popped back into his head and he felt his eye twitch.

"It can't be that bad," Emma said with a smile. God, she was beautiful with that smile.

"I came with someone," he explained. "And I thought we were going to have a good time, but it has been miserable. I couldn't stay in the house with her a second longer." The words just tumbled out with thinking. If he had been thinking, he would have said something debonaire and sexy, not how awful his ex was. Way to impress a girl, Jack, he thought to himself.

"Girlfriend?" she asked with just enough disappointment to make his heart soar with hope. Maybe he hadn't completely ruined his shot with her.

"Secretary. I thought maybe the cliche would work, but it is no fun out of the office," he answered honestly. He couldn't have lied to her if he tried. Something about the way she looked at him with those green eyes completely made his brain go haywire in the best way possible.

"So you just left her?" She frowned slightly and Jack's heart stalled.

"She's out admiring the pool boy. And still hungover from last night," he answered feeling the anger of the morning flash up again. "It hasn't been the best vacation of my life," he said. "This conversation has been the most civil one I've had all day."

She frowned, her green eyes full of concern he didn't deserve. "That is no vacation. Vacations are supposed to be fun. You know, maybe even save a life or something." She laughed, banishing her frown and his.

He stared at her smile, taking in her natural beauty and optimism. Just being around her positive energy was making him feel better. Plus, she still hadn't recognized him. It was thoroughly possible that she was just a very good actress, but something in her demeanor told him that she legitimately just thought he was a normal guy.

"You want a drink?" she asked, a pretty blush heating her cheeks.

Jack grinned. "A drink sounds great," he answered. She grinned back before turning to lead him to a beach towel in the sand.

Jack followed, amazed at her. She had no idea who he was, yet she was offering him a drink. For the first time in months, Jack felt his shoulders relax and the smile come naturally. The possibility of a real vacation suddenly seemed within his grasp.

Chapter 4

The porch creaked slightly as Emma glanced back to make sure he was still following her. She grinned and nervously fumbled with a key in the door. Moonlight danced off her hair and the only thing he could think about was that he needed to kiss her. He needed to find a way to convince her to stay with him.

Dinner had been even better than he could have hoped. The resort Emma was staying at had amazing food, but it was the company that had made it memorable. She got him to reveal things about himself that he never told anyone. He still couldn't believe that he had willingly told her about the car he totaled when he was fifteen.

She had told him secrets in return, like how her ex-boyfriend had called her fat. Just thinking about it made him want to find the guy and punch his lights out. Emma was gorgeous, especially standing here in the moonlight.

Jack moved up the porch and rested his arm on the door frame, capturing Emma. She turned, her eyes big as saucers. He wanted to kiss her more than anything, to take that lip she kept biting and claim it as his own. Placing his hand on her neck, he pulled her lips to his and did just that.

He started gently, using his tongue to search her out and then diving in deeply. She tasted like strawberries and cream, with just a hint of salt from her time in the ocean. Desire burned deep within Jack, a need he knew only she could satisfy. He pushed her back against the door, skimming her jaw with his teeth. She whimpered as he pressed a thigh between her legs, making the fire roar within him.

"You want to invite me in?" he whispered. Part of him was afraid she would say no, or that she would say yes and there would be a photographer waiting to catch them.

"Why?" she whispered back. "Are you a vampire?"

He smiled, drawing her up into a kiss and taking what he wanted. He pushed the door open and pulled her through it, releasing her only once they were inside.

Her eyes gathered the moonlight as she took him in. He knew he was a good looking man, but when Emma looked at him like that, he felt it. She licked her lips, carnal desire shining out of her innocent eyes. He couldn't have said no if he wanted. He could feel his c**k growing hard and thick at just being near her.

The corners of his mouth twitched upward in a cocky grin. He liked her looking at him like that. Her h*ps were suddenly back in his hands as he pulled her to him, desperate to feel her touch. Emma's fingers tangled in his hair, sending shivers down his spine. The ache growing in his pants was almost too much to bear.

Jack's fingers tugged at the fabric of her skirt, slowly raising it until he could caress the soft skin on the bottom of her ass. Her hands were hot on his chest as she fought to remove his shirt. He dropped the dress, anxious to please. If she wanted his shirt off, he was in no way going to argue.

Her palms pressed against his chest, making his heart pound harder. Every nerve in his body was telling him he needed to have her. He didn't hesitate, reaching down and picking her up. She squealed in delight as he tossed her over his shoulder and carried her into the bedroom.

Tossing her on the bed, her dress fluttered invitingly. He didn't want to rush things, though. As much as his c**k was telling him he needed to be inside of her right now, he wanted to enjoy this. More importantly, he wanted her to enjoy this.

Slowly, he took one bare foot in his hands and began to kiss his way up. She drew back, self-conscious, but he didn't let that deter him. He just kept kissing, working his way up slowly to her thigh.

His mouth watered at the thought of her taste. Just putting his fingers on the edge of her bikini bottoms caused her h*ps to rise and he had her open before him. He inhaled her scent, more sweet than musky and felt his c**k jump in his pants. It took everything he had to move only his tongue to her sweet folds and start to lick.

She shook with pleasure. Every tremble made him want her more. He had never wanted a woman to come for him as badly as he wanted Emma. Her hands gripped his hair as she arched her hips, wordlessly begging for more. And he was eager to give. Her legs tightened to a choke hold as she lost herself to the motions of his practiced tongue.

He was surprised when she pulled up hard on his hair before he could make her shake with pleasure again. There was no way she could have known that her sheepish smile made his blood sing with desire. If she wasn't going to let him pleasure her again that way, he was determined to find another.

He grabbed the hem of her dress and lifted, pulling her bikini top off with the dress. She lay na**d on the bed before him, frozen. He nearly came right there. She was so perfect, so lush and beautiful that he could barely breathe.

His hands moved to the button on his swim trunks on their own volition. Every thought in his mind was just that he needed her. It was primal and deep. She stared with open lust at his erection, mouth open and tongue licking just the tip of her lips.

He carefully placed his phone on the nightstand and then set his wallet beside it after removing the foil package inside. With practiced hands, he rolled the thin wrapper down his length; he swelled slightly at his own touch but knew it was hers he was thinking of.

"What's your favorite position?" he asked, leaning over her body but not touching her. He could feel her heat, feel it all the way to his core.

She giggled. "The one we're in right now is just fine."

"Then, I'll start right here," he whispered. His erection throbbed against her opening. His brain was buzzing as her perched, ready to slide into her. Jack's breath caught as he took what he was so desperately needing.

He was lost to everything but the feel of her body clenching his, lost to Emma completely. She kissed him, pulling her into her ever deeper. He thrust harder, propping himself up on his hands and using his muscles to fill her with his need.

He wanted so badly to just explode right there. The buzzing sensation growing in his groin was threatening to overwhelm him. He hadn't been this eager since his first time with a girl. It was taking every ounce of self control not to succumb to the pleasure Emma was giving him without even trying.

He pulled back, afraid of losing himself too quickly. With quick hands, he grabbed her shoulder and slid behind her, spooning her. He took a breath to center himself as he traced her hip with his fingers. She shivered and raised her leg, granting him access once again.

Everything about her was warm and soft. Jack's breathing was ragged in her ear, his body questing and diving into her as she rocked her h*ps against his. He took control, using his hands to guide her h*ps just the way he wanted. She didn't fight, instead reading his actions and responding like a dance partner to his request.

It was happening again. He never came this quickly, but within several beats of her hips, he was flying toward cl**ax again. At this rate, he was going to be no better than a high school boy. He wanted to impress her, to make her feel as wonderful as he did. He dove deep one last time, savoring her heat surrounding him before pulling back.

She turned, looking him up and down and biting that lip that drove him crazy. It wasn't fair to put such perfect lips on a woman. He beckoned her forward with a finger, grinning impishly. She blushed, still shy and sweet even na**d in the dark.

With a boldness betrayed by her shy blush, she straddled his h*ps and sank into him. She began to writhe, pressing her arms together and flaunting her perfect br**sts. He growled, soaking in the sight of her bouncing on top of him.

Emma's breaths came in ragged gasps as he skewered her with pleasure. Every thrust, every inch, every touch was pure ecstasy with her. Her br**sts bounced up and down right in front of his eyes and he groaned, feeling his body responding to her every movement. It was as if she was made to give him pleasure. She created rapture in him without even seeming to try.

He needed to be in charge. He needed to take control before he lost control completely. His hand went to her hair and she gasped as he clenched. Her body clamped down on his, tightening and clenching on his rod as me pulled her to him. He wanted to touch every inch of her skin, to have her completely to himself.

"You're incredible," he gasped, his body straining to continue. He slammed his h*ps up into her, waning to hear her cries of passion. He was in control of her body, using her to find himself. He pulled her to him and rolled until he was on top.

She looked up at him with big green eyes full of trust and want. He knew this time, there was no stopping it. His primal urges were too far gone this time. Rearing over her, he thrust deeper and harder. She cried out for release, digging her fingers into his skin in a desperate attempt to take as much of him into her as she could.

His roar shook the windows as he exploded, losing himself to her completely in a pleasure he wasn't sure he could survive. Black spots filled his vision and his ears rang as he rode out wave upon wave of pleasure.

His arms collapsed and he fell onto her as his orgasm finally subsided. Jack was breathing hard and slick with sweat as he pulled away so not to crush her with his weight. He removed the condom and tied it in a knot. He could see a trash can near the bed and he carefully aimed and threw.

It missed by a mile. He couldn't believe it. He never missed, but Emma had him seeing double. She did things to him that made it hard to see straight, let alone hit a target. He stared at the spot on the floor where the condom now rested. His body was refusing to move, refusing to leave the comfort of the woman still wrapped around his body.

She sighed, but just snuggled closer. He held her close, their breathing slowing in time with one another. Emma's breathing became slower and more even as her head rested on his chest. He brushed the hair from her face and smiled, feeling himself drift to sleep behind her. For the first time in a very long time, Jack was happy.

Chapter 5

Jack awoke the next morning to the sound of a text.

Lawyers have question. Investors in Dubai. -Rachel

Jack groaned, but knew it needed a response. Emma was still fast asleep, her head resting on his arm. He didn't want to move, didn't want to even risk waking her up, but he had to call the lawyers back or there would be a panic. Even on his vacation, he didn't really get a day off.

He slipped out of bed and into his clothes from the day before. He searched for his shirt, finally finding it hanging on the top of a dresser on the other end of the room. He grinned remembering the noise Emma had made when she pulled it off of him. He kissed Emma's forehead before leaving the room. She murmured something and smiled in her sleep.

Morning was already warming the white sands of the beach outside as he stepped onto the porch. The ocean was a soft green, reminding him of Emma's eyes. Only Emma's eyes had more depth.

Jack sighed and hit the speed dial for Rachel.

"The lawyers are at it early this morning, Jack," Rachel informed him without greeting. "They want to know if the contracts from Dubai have been looked at."

Jack grimaced. "That's Owen's job."

"I told them that," Rachel replied. "But, since he's smart and not picking up his phone, they called me. Since I got woken up, you get woken up. It sucks being the boss."

"I was having a very nice morning."

"So was I." Jack could almost feel Rachel's probing gaze on him, even though he knew she was nowhere nearby. "So, still at your new girl's place?"

"Yes. And I'd like to stay here if you don't mind." Jack lowered his voice. "Is Brandy gone?"

"I have her bags packed and in the car. Her flight's in an hour," Rachel said confidently. "If she resists, Dean offered to hog tie her and throw her in the trunk."

"I'm so glad to know my employees think so highly of my dates," Jack replied. Rachel snickered.

"You just need to pick better dates. I'll let the lawyers know you've seen them and to bother Owen for anything else," Rachel said. "I'll let you know if there's any updates and when Brandy's in the air."

"Thanks, Rachel." Jack sank into one of the chairs on the porch overlooking the water. He clicked the phone off and set it on a small outdoor table. An old copy of Old Man and the Sea sat tucked into one of the chair cushions. Jack pulled it out and began leafing through the pages, trying to remember the plot from lit class.

It wasn't long before he heard motion from inside. Emma stepped out on the porch, her eyes distant but strong as she looked out at the water.

"Good morning, Sleepy-head. I thought you were going to sleep the day away," he said, setting the book down. She jumped a little, but the smile that lit up her face was worth it.

"You're still here," she murmured. "I woke up and thought you had left."

"After a showing like last night? I may never leave," he replied with a mischievous grin.

"It was pretty good, wasn't it," she remarked with a grin. Jack stood up and took her into his arms. She felt so good there, like it was exactly where she was meant to be.

"Better than good," he whispered, and truly meant it. He tucked his chin and leaned forward to kiss her. She opened up like a flower under his touch and he could already feel himself getting hard after just one kiss.

Unfortunately, his phone had other plans.

"What is it?" Jack growled into the phone. She untangled herself from his arms and stepped down into the sand, trying to give him some privacy. He leaned against the rail, watching her and wanting to hang up the phone instead.

"It's the lawyers again, Jack," Rachel started.

"I don't care about the damn lawyers." Jack did his best to keep his voice low and even, but the fact that lawyers were interrupting his vacation put him on edge. "Take care of it."

"I'm trying. They need your signature, Jack," Rachel explained. "I can't forge it, not for this. Just come sign the paperwork and I'll take care of the rest."

Jack ran his hand through his hair, looking out at Emma. She was watching the water dance across the shore. He didn't want to leave her. He wanted to stay right here, perhaps even in the bed, but definitely with her.

"I'm sorry, Jack. This is important. I wouldn't call if it wasn't," Rachel said after a moment.

"I'll be there in a bit. I'm done in two hours, though. Even if it means Robbie has to run the company, I'm back here in two hours." Jack hung up the phone and watched as Emma tucked a strand of brown hair behind her ear.

"Emma," Jack said softly, joining her in the sand. "I have to leave for a little bit. There is something I have to take care of that can't wait. Business."

Her green eyes clouded and she looked away. "I understand." Her voice wavered and it broke his heart. He could only imagine what she thought he was leaving for.

The stand of hair escaped in the wind again and Jack gently tucked it back behind her ear once more.

"I will meet you here in two hours. Don't be late," he said and kissed her.

***

One hour and forty five minutes later, Jack was ready to murder the lawyers and Owen. His neck hurt from cradling the phone against his shoulder as he signed every sheet of paper Rachel put in front of him. It was a never ending task.

"I'm done," Jack informed Rachel, setting his phone down. "I said two hours, and I have a ten minute walk back. Owen can handle the rest."

Rachel picked up one last sheet of paper. "Just this one and you are free for the day, I promise."

Jack hastily scribbled his name and looked up at Rachel. He wanted to do what was right by both Emma and his company.

"You're free. Go have fun," Rachel told him, stacking up his signed documents. She checked her watch. "Oh, by the way. Brandy's plane just took off."

He grinned, feeling free. Now he could have his vacation without interruption. Now he could enjoy the one person on this island who saw him as a man instead of a meal ticket. He felt lighter than air.

He was so happy he had to share it, so he did the only thing he could think of. Jack hugged Rachel. She pulled back in surprise and then squeezed him hard. "You haven't done that in years," she whispered, holding him close.

"I'm happy for the first time in years," he said softly.

"You are, aren't you?" Rachel looked up at him, her brown eyes soft as she searched his face. Whatever she saw there made her smile. "I'm glad you found someone that makes you happy. You deserve it."

He unwrapped his arms around the woman he considered an older sister. "Thanks, Rachel."

She smacked his shoulder. "Now get going. I don't want to see you for the rest of your vacation."

He grinned and took off for the door. He was going to make it back to Emma with time to spare.

Jack heard the door close behind him, but he stood frozen to the front step. His smile faded and the joy abandoned his mood. Standing in the driveway, her things on the ground behind her, was Brandy. He watched as a cab pulled away, leaving her with him.

"Jack," she said softly, her doe eyes big and sad. "Jack, what's going on?"

"You're supposed to be on a plane," he informed her, not really sure what else to say.

"I couldn't leave without saying goodbye, Jack." She took a step forward. "I love you, Jack."

Jack snorted. Confusion and a hint of anger flashed across her face, but she quickly schooled it into a hurt expression.

"I do, Jack. I couldn't leave without telling you." She quickly crossed the space between them, putting her hands on his chest and looking up at him through long, eyelashes. He looked down and realized the eyelashes were fake. Emma's were real. Everything about Emma was real, while Brandy was just an imitation of real. The differences between the two women, real and fake, amazed him. He gasped at how blind he had been to Brandy's true nature.

Brandy took his gasp to mean he felt something. She rose up on her toes to kiss him, but he turned his face from her. Her lips grazed his cheek, twisting his stomach with their touch.

"Jack, baby, what's wrong?" Brandy pouted. Panic flickered at the corners of her eyes and mouth. "I don't want to lose you."

"You never had me in the first place," he said coldly. Jack picked her hands off her chest and dropped them as if they were covered in mud. "You're supposed to be on a plane."

"I told you, I couldn't leave without telling you I loved you." Her voice took on a hard edge. This wasn't how she had envisioned this reunion. "I love you, Jack."

Jack laughed. "No, you don't. You love my money."

She took just a second too long before responding with a, "I do not!"

Jack looked her up and down, clearly seeing the woman in front of him for the first time. She was gorgeous in the traditional sense of the word, but everything about her was fake. From her dye job, to her eyelashes, to her br**sts, to her emotions, not a single thing about her was real. He was disgusted that he had ever let himself believe he could have a future with something so patently false.

"Go away, Brandy. I'm done with you," Jack said coldly. He stepped to the side and walked around her. He needed to get back to Emma.

Brandy panicked. She was losing her ticket to financial freedom. Everything she had worked so hard to achieve the past few months, the hours spent flirting and setting him up to love her were about to be lost. She had a billionaire in her grasp and she was about to lose him.

She grabbed his arm, and spun him to face her. "They said there was someone else. I love you, Jack. How could you do this to me?"

She wore the mask of a confused lover, but her voice held too much anger and greed for it to be real. Her eyes flashed with anxiety instead of hurt, and her stance was poised for attack instead of reconciliation. Every line of her body language screamed she was defending her territory, not her relationship with him. He was an object to her, not a person.

"I love you, Jack," she whispered, forcing tears into her eyes. She was trying for an Oscar performance, but her words didn't have even the simple warmth that Emma's did at just saying his name.

Jack stared her down, his hazel eyes hard and cold. He was going to make him late getting back to Emma. His sweet Emma who blushed when he complimented her, who smiled when she said his name, and who looked at him like he was a human being instead of an ATM.

"We're done, Brandy." He used his business voice, the one that made people tremble. "You will leave the island or I will have you deported."

Brandy's eyes went huge and her jaw dropped open, as if she couldn't believe that anyone, not even a billionaire, would talk to her like that. Then, her eyes narrowed and her mouth twisted into something ugly. "You can't do this to me. I worked too hard for you to do this to me!"

Jack didn't even bother to respond. With a nod to a security guard, he pulled his arm from her grasp and started walking.

"Jack... this isn't funny," she called after him. When he didn't turn, she screamed his name. "Jack!"

"Come with me, ma'am," Jack heard the security guard say.

"Get your hands off of me," she shrieked. "Do you know who I am? Jack!"

Jack kept walking. He didn't look back. Looking back would only give her hope.

"Jack! You're going to be sorry you did this to me!" Brandy screamed after him. He knew he wouldn't be. She was a parasite that he had willingly accepted for too long. His life was better without her in it.

He glanced at his watch. He was late. He picked up his pace, needing to get to Emma. He wanted to spend every moment he could with her before he had to say goodbye. Once this vacation was over, he had to go back to being a billionaire businessman again, and Emma deserved better than that. He wouldn't have time to take care of a cactus, let alone give Emma the time and adoration she deserved.

He didn't want to think about that, though. He just wanted to enjoy every moment that he could with her while they were here. This island brought them together. It was just the ray of hope he needed to get him through the next few months. Maybe once the transition period was over, he could find her and bring her out to New York.

The idea made him smile. Yes, once he had his business under control, he would find Emma again and make things work.

Chapter 6

Emma stood out in the water, the waves lapping at the hem of her sundress. Jack's heart jumped to his throat. Her dark hair spilled down her back as she looked out toward the horizon. She was so beautiful and real it hurt.

"Sorry I'm late," Jack said, stepping out into the water. She spun, her eyes bright and relief flooding her face.

"I was beginning to think you weren't coming," she said quietly. The hurt in her voice betrayed the smile on her face. His heart constricted. She thought he had left her.

"Sometimes I hate my job. Even on vacation, I don't really get a day off. I apologize for making you wait," he replied somberly. His eyes shone with honesty as he reached her spot in the water. The last thing he had wanted to do was hurt her. "What are you doing out here?"

"Chasing waves," she explained. She smiled up at him, forgiveness in her eyes. "What would you like to do?"

He kissed her, not wanting to wait another second to touch her. Her kiss made his knees go weak and he knew he had made the right choice leaving Brandy. This was what a kiss should feel like.

"Walk with me?" he asked. His mind was still reeling from the encounter with Brandy. He wished he could tell Emma everything, to hear her tell him in that sweet voice that he did well, but he didn't want to burden her with that. Brandy was his past.

He took her hand and together they walked down the beach. It felt good just to be near her, the sand under their feet and the sunshine warm on their backs. Jack soaked in the way her hand felt in his, the way her soft step matched his, and even the way the breeze caught her long hair and made it dance.

After a short walk, they came to a series of tents strung along the beach where locals sold their wares. It was a simple marketplace, nothing compared to the tent stalls Jack had seen in Iraq or Dubai, but the concept was the same.

"A pretty necklace for a pretty lady?" An accented voice called out as they passed. Emma giggled and tucked her hair behind her ear. He loved that she took every compliment so seriously, as if she didn't believe in her own beauty.

He watched her, ready to buy anything she wanted, but she just browsed through the stalls. Finally, at the last stall she found a simple dolphin pendant. He knew it was for her the moment she picked it up, her face brightening as she held it.

"The lady has excellent taste," the shopkeeper said, winking at Jack. "Put it on. See how it feels."

Jack took the delicate necklace from her fingers and carefully placed it around her throat. He managed not to struggle with the clasp. It fit her perfectly.

"How much for the necklace?" he asked the shopkeeper, smiling at Emma.

"One hundred American dollars. But for you, I sell it at eighty-five dollars," the salesman replied, his teeth bright.

"Eighty-five dollars? That is too much. Thank you though. It is beautiful," Emma said quickly. She reached up to undo the clasp to return it to the jewelry tray.

Jack placed his hand on the back of her neck to stop her. She wanted this necklace but couldn't afford it. Eighty-five dollars was nothing, especially if it made her happy. He would have paid double that just to make her smile.

"No. The lady will have it," Jack interjected, feeling pleased that he could do something nice for her.

"What are you doing? It isn't worth that," she hissed at him. He ignored her and fished money out of his wallet and handed it to the man. He was going to give her something beautiful.

"Thank you, sir. Enjoy the necklace, miss." The shopkeeper smiled at Jack and hurried to put his money somewhere safe.

Jack beamed with pride. It wasn't often he got to make someone happy, and making Emma happy was all he wanted. He couldn't understand why she was frowning as they exited the tent to continue their walk.

It was as if the sale had triggered a feeding frenzy in the other shops. Every single one of them called out in sweet voices, trying to coax us like sirens to their wares. One store owner even had the audacity to grab at Emma's arm to forcibly pull her into his tent. Jack was not pleased.

Jack grabbed her hand, ready to punch the shopkeeper out if he didn't let go. He pulled her out into the water and away from the greedy fingers of the tents.

"I buy one thing and they all go crazy," he said, looking back at the tents like they might follow him out into the ocean.

"That's because you paid full price," she said with a giggle. He frowned, his dark brows knitting together. She shook her head at him. "I willingly admit that I am not the best haggler, but I could have gotten him down to at least thirty dollars. You flashed your money and now they know you don't haggle."

"Oh, come on, eighty-five dollars isn't that much! It isn't something to justify the feeding frenzy of salesmen." He looked back at the shops in disbelief. "Now I know how chum feels when the sharks gather."

It hadn't been like that in Iraq. Granted, his interpreter had done the negotiation and it had taken longer. Jack considered himself an excellent negotiator. He had certainly made enough million dollar contracts that others said couldn't be done at that price.

"Eighty-five dollars is a lot of money to spend on a necklace, no matter how pretty it is," Emma chastised him gently.

"It isn't that much," he said, feeling put out. The necklace was supposed to have been a gift, something to make her smile and now it was turning into something else. He didn't like being told he had done something wrong.

"It is to them. It certainly is to me. Eighty-five dollars is almost a full day's pay." She shrugged as though it was nothing, but it hit him like a punch in the gut and he dropped her hand. A full day's pay? No wonder the shopkeepers had swarmed. Eighty-five dollars didn't even buy him lunch, but it was a lot of money to her. He hadn't thought about just how different their economic situations were until just that moment.

"Thank you for the necklace, though. I really do like it, even if it is a little extravagant," she told him, smiling up at him. He didn't want to appear like a billionaire to her. He wanted to be someone she could relate to. He smiled, trying to relax. He would have to be more careful about money or he would give himself away.

He reached out his hand, waiting for her to take him back despite his faux pas. "You deserve even more. The charm suits you," he said, smiling. "I like it on you."

She played with the charm for a moment before reaching for him, her eyes sparkling with the gift. "It does look good, doesn't it?"

He grinned. It certainly did. He squeezed her hand and together they kept walking. He wished he could buy her everything her heart desired. Not just to impress or buy her heart, but to make her happy. It was a small but important difference from his previous affairs.

Chapter 7

Jack couldn't remember a more pleasant afternoon. Emma had him laughing as she recalled nearly getting caught skinny dipping. The innocence and honesty of her stories made him want to wrap her up in his arms and never let her go. She was a breath of fresh air in his stagnant, money-filled world.

White gauze streamers fluttered on a gazebo, catching his attention. He had heard of the booths being set up on the beach for weddings, but had never seen one. He stared at it for a moment, feeling the weight of his business responsibilities crash back onto his shoulders.

Her eyes followed his gaze, and he nodded to the decorated awning, the wedding already set up as if waiting for them. "You ever think you'll get married?"

"At the rate I'm going?" she asked. "No. You don't even want to know the last time I went on a date. I want to, but, no one seems interested. I've kind of come to accept that I will be a crazy old cat lady someday." Her voice was light, as if it were a joke only she got. It squeezed at Jack's heart and made him ache. He wanted her. He squeezed her hand. "What about you? You think you'll ever marry?"

"Honestly, I don't know. I would love a family. I want a wife and kids with a dog in a white picket fenced yard, but I don't think that will ever happen because of my work and the obligations that come with it. The fact that I have money complicates things." He sighed. Brandy had certainly proven that. He had yet to meet anyone other than Emma who made him feel as though his money didn't matter. "If I were to get married, it would have to be to someone who could see past my job and the income. Someone who wanted to be with me."

"I'd marry you. Even if you didn't have any money," she blurted out. Jack stopped dead in his tracks. It was as if she could read his thoughts and give him his greatest wishes. She bit her lip, obviously flustered by his reaction. "I mean, I don't know how much money you have, but I know that I like being around you. I think I like you more than anyone I have ever met."

Jack put his hands on her shoulders and pulled her to face him. His heart was going a million miles per hour. He searched her face, looking for any hint of dishonesty or greed. All he saw was her wholesome warmth and genuine affection. It made him dizzy with joy. "You're serious," he said, a smile filling his face. "You want to get married?"

She blushed a beautiful crimson that tugged at his heartstrings. "Sure, why not?" she asked bravely. The trembling under his fingertips told him that she was more nervous than she let on.

"Let's do it, then," he said with a wicked smile. He wasn't about to let her back out now.

"Are you serious?" Her smiled faltered for a moment as he called her bluff.

"Sure, why not?" he mimicked her words with a grin. He tugged at her hand, walking toward the awning.

"Wait a second," she gasped.

"Oh, so you're backing out?" Jack's eyes twinkled with amusement. He was enjoying this far too much.

"No, I am not backing out. I said I would marry you and I will," she responded, thrusting out her jaw. "I want to... ummm... clarify a couple of things."

"Okay, Ms. Worrywart, go on - clarify," he said.

"It is soon to be Mrs. Worrywort. You realize that we are in a foreign country right?" she asked. He nodded. The thought had occurred to him as soon as he asked. As they were both foreigners without the correct legal documents, the ceremony wouldn't be legal. It was a harmless bit of fun. Emma's face relaxed as she came to the same conclusion. "Good. You realize that you never asked my dad's permission?"

That took Jack by surprise. He loved that she was playing the game with him. "You want me to call him right now?" Jack asked innocently as he began reaching for his phone. "Or are you just thinking up excuses not to marry me?"

"Oh, I'll marry the hell out of you," she said laughing and pushing the phone back to his pocket. "Besides, then we can tell everyone we are on our honeymoon and get free drinks."

"You are staying on an all-inclusive resort," he informed her with a laugh. She pushed his shoulder playfully.

"Before we do this, though, you should at least propose properly," she said trying to keep a straight face. Jack looked thoughtful for a moment before taking her hand and dropping to one knee. He wanted to do this right. This was the closest to a wedding he was likely ever going to get.

"My dearest, loveliest Emma," he began looking up at her. He couldn't stop the grin from filling his face. "Will you do me the biggest honor of this vacation, and marry me?"

"Yes," she answered with a giggle. He stood up and kissed her, finding a passion he hadn't been expecting. Desire threaded through him at her touch and when they pulled apart he could see it mirrored in her eyes as well.

"Come on!" Jack recovered first, grabbing her hand with a smile and pulling her toward the awning.

***

"You may now kiss the bride," the marriage officiant declared. Jack grinned at Emma's smile. For this moment, she was his. He liked the idea of having Emma all to himself, even though he knew the marriage was a sham. This was just pretend, just a wonderful game they both were participating in because they knew they couldn't have the real thing.

He put his hands on her face, and drew her lips to his. Her mouth was soft and sweet, and he could barely contain himself from wanting more. Wanting her. There was something about kissing her after those words, something that made him ache for it to be real.

"Smile for the camera," the minister said, holding up a camera. Jack's hand shot up and covered the lens before the man could even press the button. The last thing he needed was pictures of this wedding being posted online. As much as he wished this ceremony could be real, it was the last thing his family or his business needed.

"No pictures," Jack snapped. His eyes darkened as he stared down the minister.

"No pictures?" Emma asked, disappointment in her voice. "Not even one, just for us?"

Jack frowned. Emma's eyes pleaded with him for just one. This was her wedding day as much as it was his. He relented. The two of them could have one picture, especially since it was their wedding. He actually rather liked the idea of having something to remember this day by. "No pictures except this one. This one is for us."

He handed the minister his phone and turned to smile for the camera. Emma cuddled up into him under the awning as the camera flashed. The minister smiled before handing it back to Jack.

He grinned at the screen. The picture was perfect. It captured Emma's simple beauty and the two of them looked absolutely ecstatic. It looked like a real wedding picture.

"I better get a copy," Emma said, her eyes staying on the picture even as she handed the phone back to Jack. He laughed, completely happy to oblige that request. He kissed her again, reveling in her sweet taste and the way she pressed against his body. She fit with him.

"You'll get the only copy," he whispered. "This is ours and ours alone. No one can ever take this from us. This is our secret, one only we share."

She had to be aware the effect she was having on him. Just kissing her and having her press into him was causing him to grow hard. All he could think about was having her beneath him, writhing, na**d and panting. He wanted his name on her lips as she came.

"We should head back and start our honeymoon," she whispered, pushing her h*ps against his. The familiar ache at the base of his spine was starting to grow the longer he held her. His hand tightened on her back, and he nearly threw her to the sand to take her right there on the beach.

"Ahem." The minister raised his eyebrows and looked pointedly away. Jack got the message and released his blushing bride just long enough to grab her hand.

Together, they sprinted back down the beach, laughing at their splashes in the waves and enjoying their new marriage.

Chapter 8

Emma pushed open her door and nearly stepped inside before he caught her.

"What do you think you're doing?" Jack asked, his eyes twinkling. Despite running along the beach, he wasn't out of breath from running. He was out of breath controlling himself with Emma. It had taken every ounce of willpower he processed to get her back to the hotel room. The only reason he had managed to wait was that it was technically their wedding. He was looking forward to this part.

"Opening the door?" Emma cocked her head to the side, confused. She had sprinted just as hard to get back here.

With a fluid motion, Jack scooped her up in his arms. She giggled as she realized what he was doing, wrapping her arms around his neck and holding him close. She pressed her nose into his throat and inhaled, taking in the scent of him. It made his heart race with primal need.

He carried her to the bedroom, setting her down gently on the floor. She held onto him for an extra moment, as if she were soaking him into her skin. When she looked up at him, her long lashes fluttering over sea-green eyes, his heart melted into a puddle on the floor.

She stepped back and in a one smooth motion raised the hem of her sundress up and over her head. All she had on was a pair of tiny white panties. Jack's breath caught and all the need he had been keeping tamped down came roaring to life.

"Wow," he whispered, looking her up and down. She bit her lip and blushed, suddenly shy. "You are so beautiful."

She grinned, flipping her hair back behind her shoulder. "I'm just getting started. Take off your shirt."

Confidence looked good on her, he thought as he pulled the shirt up and over his head. A sly smirk crossed her features and she moved as though she were coming to kiss him. Only, instead of kissing his lips, she dropped to her knees in front of him.

She bit her lip again as she concentrated on undoing the button to his shorts. He groaned as she tugged on the fabric, pulling them free. The palm of her hand went straight to his groin, rubbing his hardening erection through his boxers. The muscles of his abs tensed with the pleasure.

She looked up at him, wide eyed and eager to please, as she pulled the boxers down. He loved the little gasp she made when she saw him, nearly fully erect and more than ready to take her. Lust shimmered in her green eyes like sunlight on the water. She took a deep breath, preparing herself to take him in her mouth.

"You don't have to-" Jack started to say, but his words were stopped as she introduced him to pure bliss. Her tongue caressed his cock, swirling and tasting his desire. He groaned as she ran her fingers up his legs and up to his stomach. Abs and ass tight, it was all he could do not to force himself into her mouth. He wanted to take her and take her hard. "Emma..."

He couldn't find the words. Everything was pleasure from her mouth to her hands and everything in between. Her tongue pressed and sucked with gentle strokes that drove him absolutely wild. His h*ps rocked back and forth of their own accord.

He had to pull away. She was causing his body to react like a high schooler's again. He didn't want to come in her mouth, not on their wedding day. He wanted to join with her, to make her feel more pleasure than she'd ever known and have his name on her tongue when he finally released the tension in his groin.

She wiped the corner of her mouth with the back of her hand. "How was that? I've never done that before."

His stomach clenched on sheer desire. She had no idea how much her sweet innocence turned him on. It was nothing like the girls he usually dated, and that made it all the better.

He tucked his finger under her chin, guiding her up to standing while staring into her fathomless eyes. "Amazing, absolutely f**king amazing."

She grinned, pleased with herself. "I wasn't done yet."

"A few more seconds of you doing that to me, and I would have been." His voice was husky and the only thing he could think of was getting inside her warmth. Of feeling her from the inside and bringing her to such pleasure that she never came down.

Emma flushed with pride. "Do you have a condom? I thought I might put it on for you."

He kissed, not answering her question. His manhood pressed up against her skin, throbbing and begging to be touched. She dropped her hand to it, stroking him with just the tips of her fingers as her tongue danced with his.

"Emma," he gasped as she wrapped her hand around his length and applied the most delightful pressure. She worked her hand up and down his shaft, making him groan with pleasure into her mouth.

He wasn't about to let her get away with only giving him pleasure. In return, he worked his hand to her breast, pinching the nipple and making her arch her spine at the pleasure and pain. Her skin was so soft in his hand as he cupped and twirled the pebbled nipple in his fingers.

Slowly, he slid his hand down her hip to the V at the top of her legs, pressing his fingers against the soft white satin of her panties. She whimpered as he pressed her pleasure button through the fabric. The whimper increased as he slid his hand down her front, touching fingers to damp skin.

Emma trembled as his fingers found her rhythm. Second by second, her grip loosened on him as she lost herself to the swirling storm of ecstasy he was working with his magical fingers. He felt her tense, her hands clenching to his shoulders as everything in her body went tight and started to vibrate.

Just watching her come on his hand, pressed against his body was driving him insane. He kept his rhythm though, making sure to keep her coming for as long as he could.

Emma sucked in a huge breathe as her lungs remembered they had a job to do. Her breaths came in short, fast pants and her eyes were still half-lidded with satisfaction.

"I need you, Emma," Jack whispered, his breath tickling the small hairs on her neck. She shivered and stepped back from him.

"I'm yours, Jack." Her eyes were serious and dark. They were everything he wanted.

"Left pocket," he said, answering her question from before. He wished he could have her without anything between them, but he couldn't do that to her. He cared for her too much to risk changing her plans. She wanted to be a veterinarian. He couldn't keep her from that because he wanted to touch her.

She kept her hands on him as she bent for his shorts. Her palms sent flares of lust scorching from his skin straight to his groin. He needed her more than he needed to breathe. If she didn't hurry, he was going to have to just pin her to the floor and have his way with her, condom or no condom.

Her hands trembled as she unrolled the rubber onto his thick girth. It wasn't from nerves, though. The heat in her eyes told him it was pure want that was making her shake. She straightened from her task and slid the drenched panties off her hips.

His pupils dilated, seeing her completely na**d in front of him. Instinct took over and he rushed forward, pinning her to the bed. His c**k found her entrance as she willingly spread her legs to take him.

Their eyes met, and he entered her for the first time as man and wife.

"So tight," Jack gasped as her body clenched around him. She moaned, unable to find the words to describe the sensations rocking through her body.

"More..." she whispered. "I want more of you, Jack."

He happily obliged, thrusting so deep he was sure he was pushing into the base of her womb. Her entire body trembled and she wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to draw him in even further. Slowly, so slowly he could barely tolerate it himself, he worked his way in and out, rocking his h*ps against hers.

Emma's back arched and she writhed. Jack dove deep, filling her up completely with himself until their h*ps merged as if one person. Her cries of pleasure urged him on, and he picked up the pace. Lust overtook his original intention to make this last as long as possible. He knew that with her, with this beautiful woman that he had just married, he couldn't say no. She gave him too much pleasure for him to be able to control himself with her.

He gripped her ass, pushing her further onto the bed before reaching up and pinning her arms above her head. Her hands meshed with his as he levered above her. His chest dripped sweat that mingled with her own, as he drove into her with such passion and power that the world was tearing apart at the seams.

"Jack," she whimpered, looking up into his face. He looked down, into the most beautiful green eyes, eyes that reflected more than just lust. There was something else there that he craved more than release. She repeated his name, her pupils going wide right before she squeezed them shut and began to shudder.

Her orgasm was too much for him to take. He exploded, every muscle in his body tightening and releasing in an unending spiral that sent him to the stars. His world went white and the only sound he could hear was his own heart and the gasps of Emma beneath him.

Color returned first, the green of her eyes guiding him back into himself. Never had he experienced an orgasm as intense as this. He smiled, tracing the curve of her cheek with his hand. It was her. She was the one who caused him to feel so much more than just the physical side of their love-making.

He lowered his head to hers, kissing her open mouth. He reveled in her taste, taking his time to explore her mouth with his tongue. He didn't want to leave the warm embrace of her body. She wrapped her limbs around him, holding him in place as he kissed her.

Slowly, she released her grip on him as the kiss naturally ended. He had explored her mouth but knew the next time he went to kiss her, he would find it just as exhilarating. Deep down, he knew he would never grow tired of kissing her.

"I think I could get used to this whole being married thing," she murmured as he slid to her side. He looked over at her profile as she smiled at the ceiling. She was so beautiful, but it wasn't just her body that drove him wild. It was her. She made his heart thump. She made him happy.

He kissed her temple, closing his eyes and savoring the moment. This was all pretend and he knew it. Soon, they would leave and go back to their standard positions in society. He wished that he didn't have to go through the next year without her, but it wouldn't be fair of him to force her into a marriage with his company.

This marriage on the beach wasn't real, but the job he had at his company was. DS Oil and Gas needed him more than Emma did. He couldn't ask her to play second fiddle to his job just because he had found her second. She deserved to be first in every part of his life, and as much as it killed him, he knew he couldn't give that to her.

She cuddled into the depression of his shoulder, snuggling into him as if he had been custom built for her and her alone. He wished he had the guts to tell her who he was, to tell her what he felt right now, but he couldn't. It would only hurt her.

And the only thing he truly couldn't do was hurt her.

Chapter 9

"When does your flight leave again?" Emma asked as she put the few things in her suitcase. She smiled, but her voice was bittersweet.

Jack sighed, shifting his weight on the bed. He didn't want to leave and every time he told her he wished he could move it back. For the millionth time, he wished he could just stay on the island drinking in Emma's saltwater kisses. "It technically leaves whenever I am ready, but, I have to be back in New York by the close of business, so I need to leave in about fifteen minutes."

He was already packed and the jet fueled. All he had to do was say goodbye. And tell her who he really was.

"I wish you didn't have to go until evening," she said quietly, more to herself than to Jack.

"Me too, but planes can only fly so fast," Jack answered. He shifted his weight again. He thought about leaving and not telling her who he was, but that would just be cruel. His face popped up on more magazines and tabloids than he really preferred and he didn't want her to find out that way.

But he still didn't want to tell her. He didn't want her to look at him the way everyone else did: like a meal ticket or their own personal ATM. He had been dreading this moment for days now. It was the one blight on an otherwise perfect vacation with her.

"Anxious to be off?" she asked, nodding at his tapping toes. He couldn't seem to sit still. He looked down at his feet and saw his toes tapping against his sandals. He hadn't even realized he had been doing that.

"It's a good thing I wear covered toe shoes at work," he murmured glaring at the offending foot. The toes stopped tapping. "I need to tell you something."

Emma played with the zipper on her suitcase, refusing to look at him. She chewed on her lip and the only thing he could think of doing was kissing her and possibly doing a little chewing of his own.

She looked up at him, straightening her spine and raising her chin. "The secretary you came with... she's actually your wife, right?"

He laughed. "No, not by a long-shot." His face darkened, and he stood up and took her hands in his. She had been watching him all morning, her green eyes taking in his every movement. She was able to read his emotions like a book, yet he knew this was going to be a surprise. "I haven't been completely honest with you about what I do. I'm the new CEO of DS Oil and Gas."

She snorted in disbelief. "I knew you had money, Jack, but a billionaire? Be serious."

He held her in his eyes, wishing she could stay ignorant of his status forever. But he knew she couldn't. He had to do this. "I am serious. My father is the founder and owner of DS Oil and Gas. This is my last vacation before going back to take over the company. When my father steps down, I'll be in charge of the company."

She frowned, her brow going dark as she pulled her hands away from his. "DS Oil and Gas? What are you talking about Jack?"

He smiled sadly. "I love that you don't know that. Here," he said pulling out his phone and pulling up a video. He placed it in her hands and watched her face as it played.

It was one he had grown up with, played at every social function or company party he ever went to. He remembered smiling with his father for the end frame of the two of them by an oil well. It had been a good day, that day. His father had scheduled in the entire day for filming, but it ended up only taking about an hour. His father had declared it a day for the two of them. They had gone and sat in a local hamburger shop and talked for hours.

"The video is a little old, but it's the one everyone knows. DS stands for Daniel Saunders, my father," Jack said, taking the phone from her hands. Her mouth hung open in a pale face. Jack gently reached over and pushed her chin up. While she could read his thoughts like a book, she was a mystery to him. A delightful, heartwarming mystery.

"I don't know what to say. I had no idea that was you." She looked like she might be ill. Jack certainly felt like he might.

"I think that's why I like you so much. You never saw me as a meal ticket or anything other than another human being. You didn't see a billionaire playboy, you saw a normal person." His voice cracked slightly. He wanted to wrap her up in her arms and apologize, but he wasn't sure how she would take it. "I can't tell you how much that means to me."

"That's why you didn't hesitate to buy this," she reasoned, her hand going to the silver dolphin at her throat. "And why you didn't want any pictures at the wedding. If you're a billionaire, then you're famous too, right?"

He nodded. His heart was in his toes. She was going to hate him for this forever. He had betrayed her trust. "I never meant to lie to you Emma. I loved the way you looked at me. I loved your honesty and how genuinely wonderful you were without knowing who I was. I'm surrounded by fake people who only want my money every moment of every day, but you, you were different. I wanted to tell you, but I was terrified you would look at me like they do."

"So you're a billionaire who spent his last vacation with a dirt-poor girl in a free hotel room," she said slowly. Emma moved away from him and sat down on the foot of the bed.

"This was more than I could ever ask for," he said quietly. Jack knelt before her on the floor, his hands resting on her knees. She didn't shy at his touch, which he took as a good sign. His dark eyebrows bunched together, his face full of worry and regret.

"So what happens now?" Emma looked like she was about to burst into tears.

"Nothing has changed. We both knew we were going to go our separate ways. We both said we would never tell anyone about this. It's our secret, something that no one can ever take away from us. I didn't want you to pick up a magazine and find out who I was that way." He wanted to tell her that he would find her once his business was secure, but he didn't want her to wait for him. He couldn't guarantee when he would have time to be a proper boyfriend, let alone a husband, and he didn't want to promise something he couldn't deliver. Especially not to her.

She nodded, biting her lip. Then she looked up at him and said the words that broke his heart. "I still don't want you to go, money or no money. I think I would have preferred the 'secretary is your wife' scenario. At least that way I would have known I could never have you again."

He kissed her gently, wishing things could be that simple. He wanted to be a part of her world more than anything, but knew she deserved better than to be a part of his.

"I want to do something for you. If there is ever anything I can do for you, I want you to let me know. A new car perhaps?" He held a finger against her lips as she started to shake her head in protest. He loved that even now, knowing who he was, she still only wanted him and not his money. "It will cost me almost nothing, but it will help you enormously. I want to see you happy Emma, and if I can help, I want to."

"I'll think about it," she promised. He couldn't read her as well as she read him, but the lie was obvious and he loved her all the more for it.

"Please do. It would make me very happy to see you succeed," Jack said softly. He placed a card in her hand with a number scrawled in black ink on the back. He had rewritten it twice, afraid the first one had been illegible. She stuffed it into her back pocket and sniffled.

A loud knock shook the door. That would be his driver. He closed his eyes, trying to think of something he could say to make her smile. The driver knocked again, insistent that Jack leave his paradise. He turned, knowing that there were tears running down her face because he put them there.

She took his hand before he reached the door, entwining her fingers with his. Jack opened the door and nodded to the man outside, needing just one more moment with Emma.

Her green eyes swam with tears and one trickled down her cheek as he memorized her face one last time. He smeared the tear from her cheek, wishing he could take her tears away entirely. His thumb traced the perfect swell of her lower lip, feeling it tremble against him. This was the lip that she bit when she was thinking, the one he was going to miss more than anything.

He tipped his head and brought his mouth to hers. She tasted salty, like the ocean. He lingered in her kiss, wanting to stay with her forever. It wasn't fair to her. He kept telling himself that this was for the best, that she deserved someone who wasn't going to sleep at the office every night. She deserved someone who could eat a meal with her without being interrupted by phone calls or secretaries. She deserved better than him.

"This was the best vacation I'll ever have. Thank you Emma," he said softly, his eyes full of a sadness he couldn't express but she seemed to recognize. He started to say something more, but stopped, swallowing his words. He wanted to tell her he loved her, that he wanted this week to be real and he never wanted to leave her side. But he couldn't. If he said the words mirrored in her eyes, the pain would overwhelm them both.

He touched her cheek one last time before drawing up to his full height. His back solidified and his face turned into a mask. This was the end. He stepped out into the sunshine, but didn't feel warm. His heart was standing behind him, tears running down her face. A tear traced down the hard planes of his own face, but he quickly wiped it away.

He didn't have time for tears anymore. He didn't have time for himself. He was walking away from everything he wanted most in the world, knowing that despite his grand intentions, he would probably never see her again.

He didn't look back as he got in the car and drove away, because if he looked back, he would never be able to leave.

Chapter 10

Jack stared at the picture on his phone. Emma smiled out at him, completely happy next to the man she had just married. He barely recognized the man next to her he looked so content. The lines of worry that always seemed to make him look older than he was disappeared when he was with Emma.

He set the phone down on the reading table beside his leather chair. He wondered if they had reading tables on normal planes or if that was just something reserved for private jets. Emma would know and that made his heart ache again.

"What the hell, Jack!?" Rachel screamed, coming up the steps of the private jet. She was pure pin-striped fury. Dean was hot on her heals, eyes just as dark.

"And hello to you, too," he quipped, unsure of just what had Rachel in a tizzy. He really didn't want to deal with anything else today. He dropped his let his hands and phone fall to his lap.

Rachel threw a magazine directly at his head. He barely ducked in time and the magazine hit the window with a thud.

"What the hell, Rachel?" he yelled, repeating her phrase back at her. He looked to Dean, but the bodyguard just shrugged. This wasn't like her at all. Rachel was usually the epitome of classical elegance and professionalism. Yet, here she was chucking magazines at his head.

"You got married!" She glared at him through her lopsided, square-rimmed glasses. A stand of dark hair fell out of her bun and into her face but she ignored it. She stomped across the plane, looming over his seat and glaring hard enough to put holes in his shirt.

He looked down at the magazine and blanched as he saw the cover. Front and center was a picture of him holding Emma, kissing her on their impromptu wedding day.

"You got married, and you didn't tell me?"

Jack looked up to see Rachel's big brown eyes rimmed with red. She wasn't just mad that he was plastered on the front of a cheesy tabloid, she was mad that she was the last to know. Rachel was his sister as far as he was concerned, yet he hadn't even both

"Rachel, I was going to tell you," he started. She glared at him harder and he held up his hands. "I really was! I was going to show you the only picture that supposed to exist and explain everything on the flight home."

Rachel's shoulders dropped slightly, but she was still ready to spit fire. She held up her phone, the message light blinking blue and green. "I have four messages from your father, six from your mother, and another dozen from the media relations department and your lawyers. Do you have any idea the media nightmare this is?"

Jack looked down at the magazine cover. They both looked so innocent and happy. "Where did the magazine get the images?"

Rachel flopped herself into the leather seat across from him as the plane began to taxi down the runway for takeoff. "Three guesses."

He opened the magazine and flipped to the article. It was the usual drivel about how he was "Prince Charming" and had swept the small town beauty off her feet, but it was the images that caught his attention. They were obviously taken from a camera phone by someone in the bushes near the wedding site.

A cold, uncomfortable knowledge settled in the pit of his stomach that wasn't related to the jet's rise in altitude. He knew who would want to do this, who would know he was on the island. There was only one person who would have reason to hide in the bushes and follow him.

"Brandy." His voice was flat. He was past anger.

"Bingo," Rachel confirmed. "The lawyers are already issuing injunctions and turning her life into a living hell, but the damage has been done."

Jack wished it was acceptable to rip someone's head off and feed it to sharks, because that's what he wanted to do to Brandy. Not only had she tried to manipulate him, she had taken something wonderful and sullied it. That wedding had been for him and Emma alone, but now thanks to a jealous, bitter woman, the world had been invited.

"We need to make sure Emma is safe. I don't want any harm to come to her." His voice was hard. He knew he had stalkers that would want to see Emma removed so they could "take her place." It was standard procedure to make sure even his charity dates had security surrounding events.

"Dean's already called in three associates to meet her in Iowa," Rachel replied. She leaned forward in her chair. "I'm not happy about this, Jack, but it's obvious you care about her."

He stared at Emma's sweet smile in the photographs. He was going to ruin her life. All the reasons he had waited to tell her who he was until the last minute, the reason he wasn't going to pursue her after this vacation were now nullified. His best efforts to keep her safe from his world had failed.

"She was supposed to go have a life while I lost mine to the company," Jack said quietly, tracing Emma's smile with his finger. "I didn't want her to have to deal with this upcoming year."

Rachel put her hand on his knee. "That's very noble of you, Jack." He looked up and she shrugged. "But, you married her. She's a part of your world now. How do you want to handle it?"

Jack sighed. Some days, he hated being the one in charge. He pressed his hand to the bridge of his nose, trying to think.

"Bring her to New York. She'll be safer there. That way, you and Dean can keep an eye on her." He lowered his hand, forcing himself to think about this situation as a businessman and not as a lover. "The media will want more. I know Dad is going to say that this isn't good for the company, so I want to try and keep our picture out of the papers as much as possible."

"I'll make some calls," Rachel said, pulling out her phone and typing furiously. She looked up. "Where do you want her to stay?"

"My place. The one on the river." The one I might actually go to at night, he thought.

Rachel raised her eyebrows at him, but didn't say anything. He never invited women to the apartment on the river. That was his special hideaway.

"Rachel?" Jack's eyes stayed on the photograph. "I need to ask you a favor."

Rachel set her phone down and looked over her glasses at him. He looked so much like the little boy she had watched as a child. Sometimes, she forgot that he was just a man when he got into business mode. He was too much like his father in that regard. "What do you need?"

Jack's hazel eyes met her brown ones. "I want you to be the one to bring Emma to New York. You're the only one I can trust to do it right."

Rachel's smile was soft. "She's important to you, isn't she?"

He looked back at his wedding picture still displayed on his phone's screen. She was more than just important. "Yes."

"Then I'll bring her to you," she promised. Jack looked up to see her smile at him. "Now, we have to figure out-Your phone's ringing."

Jack sighed and reached for the Jet's personal line. He knew exactly who it was going to be.

"Hello, Mother." He took a deep breath. "Yes, I got married."

Thank you for reading Kisses From Jack!

Now enjoy the same story and its conclusion from Emma's point of view in Saltwater Kisses! If you've already read it, check out some of the other "Kisses" novels from Krista Lakes!

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 1

I stepped off the plane. A wave of humid air hit me, the smell of salt and flowers blowing through my hair and ruffling my clothes. I took a deep breath, memorizing the smell. It was the smell of the start of a great vacation. I stepped carefully down the stair ramp, feeling like a movie star as I exited the small plane and followed a red carpet off the runway and to the small terminal. I couldn't wipe the grin off my face to save my life.

The airport terminal was open to the Caribbean air. It seemed strange to me at first, until I realized that the weather was always nice enough here that they wouldn't need to have double-paned windows. It was a foreign concept to someone like me who had always lived in a place that required heating and cooling throughout the year. My windows in Iowa were only open in the late spring and early fall due to the weather outside which was either too hot or too cold. I loved the idea of having windows open year round, the weather always nice.

My bags were already circling the small baggage carousel, the benefit of being the only plane at a small airport. The bag clicked behind me on the tile floor as I looked around for my ride to the hotel. I found a well-dressed man with large aviator glasses holding up a sign with my name on it: Emma LaRue. I must have looked like someone ready for vacation because he started smiling at me as soon as he saw me. Must have been the grin plastered on my face and the big eyes trying to take it all in.

"Ms. LaRue?" he asked, a lilting accent twisting my name into something exotic. "I'm Felipe. If you need anything during your stay here, please just let me know." I smiled and nodded excitedly as he took my bags and ushered me towards a waiting fancy town car. I felt spoiled as he opened the door and I slid into the soft leather seat. The air was running and the car felt cold after the tropical warmth of the airport.

Felipe entered the driver's seat and easily maneuvered the car out onto the main road. I pressed my nose against the tinted glass like a little kid, watching this beautiful world zoom past. Palm trees and plants that only grew in greenhouses lined the road, green things growing wild against the bright blue sky.

"Is this your first time to the island?" Felipe asked, smiling in the mirror at my amazement.

"Yes - I've almost never left Iowa," I said, never taking my eyes from the window.

"Iowa? What is in Iowa?" Felipe asked, his accent making my home state sound like a foreign country.

"Just pigs and corn," I said with a laugh.

"Pigs and corn. We have only fish and coconuts here. Hopefully you will find it to your liking," he said as he turned the car smoothly. I could see the ocean in the distance now, the sunlight making it gleam along the horizon.

"I like fish and coconuts," I said and he laughed.

"Is that why you are vacationing here?"

"Well, I actually won this trip. There was a contest on the radio. I never win anything, but I somehow won this," I said staring at the gleaming horizon. I had never seen the ocean, and even from this distance, I could only stare in wonder. It was so big and beautiful, even from far away. I could barely believe I would see it up close.

I was sure I was going to wake up at any moment. My favorite radio station had run a contest for an all-expenses-paid vacation to the exclusive tropical paradise resort on Ocean Key. I had called in on a whim, and fast-forward two months, here I was. It still felt surreal.

"You must be very lucky if you won a trip to Ocean Blue Resort," Felipe said as he drove past an ornate sign bearing the name. A waterfall cascaded next to bright blue tile letters proclaiming the name from the road. It looked expensive and fancy.

"It might be the universe trying to even out my usual bad luck," I said. Felipe laughed, as if I had made a joke. I smiled, but it wasn't a joke to me. Things never seemed to go my way. I had this horrible suspicion that this was merely an elaborate joke at my expense. I was going to arrive at the resort and my room would be occupied, or I'll find that I was actually responsible for the bill and would end up paying for everything. That would be the kind of luck I usually had. Not this good kind of luck.

Felipe pulled the car up to the entrance of the resort. I stepped out and felt my jaw drop. The main entrance was huge and open to the air. High above marble floors beautiful gossamer fabric hung in giant loops fluttering gently in the soft ocean breeze. Big, comfy chairs adorned the lobby and a babbling creek ran along the side complete with several small wooden foot bridges. A beautiful bar in the corner served drinks in colorful glasses. I could see only top shelf liquor.

I gulped. This was by far the nicest place I had ever been in. It really was a tropical paradise. There was no way I would have been able to afford a place like this on my vet tech salary. I wondered how much the radio station paid for all this, or rather what connections they had that allowed them offer a free vacation in a place like this. I shook my head at the thought of all that money and power.

"You must be Ms. LaRue. I am Anna," said a female voice with a soft British accent. A woman in a linen sleeveless dress stepped forward, a smile highlighting her tropical features. I smiled nervously and nodded. "We've been expecting you. If you would follow me to check-in please." She smiled again and gestured towards a glass-enclosed office in the corner of the lobby. I picked up the handle to my suitcase, but she waved a hand to stop me. "The bellhop will take it to your room for you. You are on vacation, Ms. LaRue," she said as she smiled, her white teeth beautiful against her dark skin. A man in a navy-blue uniform hurried over and reached for my suitcase. I let him take it and he gave a curt nod and placed it on a luggage trolley. "If you will please follow me?"

Anna opened the door to her office and cold air-conditioned air flowed out. I stepped inside and sat gingerly down on a leather chair.

"I just need your signature here to indicate that you are checking in. Music Radio Inc. has already covered all charges," Anna said handing me a pen and an important looking document. "I will need your signature on the next page as well. It is simply a liability waiver and that you agree not to damage the property."

I scanned the document quickly, looking over the legal words and evaluating. Anna waited patiently as I read every word, her eyes only confused for a moment. Most people must not read this, I thought, but I wanted to know exactly what I was signing. The control freak in me had to make sure I was in control of what I agreed to. It was the standard legal agreement I was expecting, so I signed it with a flourish.

"Excellent. You will be staying in Cabana Four. Here is your identification bracelet. This simply notifies staff that you are staying at the resort and will allow you to access all the dining facilities, beverage stations, and the spa," Anna said as she handed me a bright pink rubber bracelet. She helped me fasten it as she continued. "You have complete access to all the amenities of the resort. If you need anything, please ask any of our staff. I have included a packet with all the information you will need for your stay."

I peeked in the envelope. There was a certificate for a beach massage, some rental vouchers for water sports equipment, and menus for the different restaurants on the resort. I tried to keep my fingers from shaking; this was really happening. I was having a vacation that people only dream about. That stupid happy smile crept back onto my face.

"Well, everything is done here. Are you ready to go to your cabana?" Anna asked as she filed the paperwork. She laughed gently at my animated nod. "Follow me, please."

Anna led me out of the lobby to a pristine white golf cart. Felipe winked at me from the driver's seat as I climbed in next to him. Anna wished me a happy stay and I hung on tight as Felipe started down the beautifully gardened path.

"Enjoying yourself so far?" he asked, smiling at my obvious excitement.

"I can't believe it's real. This place is beautiful," I said. My eyes darted around the resort as he drove me towards the beach. Everywhere I looked were big beautiful trees and tropical flowers. It was exactly what I thought a tropical paradise should look like. The movies, for once, were right.

"There are three pools on the property. The one closest to the main restaurant is where all the activities occur. We have water aerobics, pool volleyball, and other games throughout the day for anyone interested. The beach is open at all times, as are the pools," Felipe explained as we drove by a giant pool with a swim-up bar. He continued on about the five restaurants, the evening entertainment shows, the eight bars, and the myriad of other opportunities the resort offered, but I had stopped listening. I could see the ocean.

It was so big. And blue. And probably the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in my life.

I was born and raised in a small town just outside of Des Moines, Iowa. I hadn't had any opportunities to go far from home. The most exotic place I had ever been was Chicago with my high school honors society. The biggest body of water I had seen up until this point was the Mississippi and Lake Michigan, but this was so much better.

Felipe pulled up next to a small tropical cabin and stepped out to grab my bag. I sat in the golf cart mesmerized by the water. It was a shade of blue that made me want to dive in and never leave. The sound of the waves lapping the shore was better than any recording could ever be, and the smell of water, salt, and sun threatened to overwhelm me with joy.

"Miss? Would you like to see your room?" Felipe asked, touching my shoulder. I blushed and stood.

"Sorry. I've never seen the ocean before," I said. He laughed and gestured to the thatched building, guiding me toward the door.

"I forget that people have never seen it before," he said. He turned towards the blue horizon and peered out at the water, a smile on his face. "It is beautiful. I suppose I would feel the same if I ever saw snow," he said as he stepped up on the porch and opened the door.

"You've never seen snow? How strange," I said as I entered the room. I immediately forgot what I was going to say. If the lobby was beautiful, the room was opulent. The main room had a leather couch and giant TV, but the windows opened out onto the ocean. I took slow steps into the bedroom. A king-sized four-poster bed dominated the room. A gentle breeze blew through the big open bay windows, ruffling the bedspread. I could hear the ocean as though I were sitting on the beach. I glanced towards the bathroom and could see a giant tub and shower that looked like it could hold four.

"What do you think, Ms. LaRue from Iowa?" Felipe asked as he set my suitcase down in the bedroom. I couldn't find the words to answer, and I turned to face him, my mouth hanging open. He laughed and patted my shoulder.

"Enjoy yourself. You say these things never happen to you? Then this is an adventure. Let yourself take risks and have the time of your life. You only live once," Felipe said, seriously, but his dark eyes sparkled with amusement as I contemplated his words.

"This is going to be the best adventure," I said slowly, looking out onto the blue ocean. I would never get the chance to go someplace like this again. Not on my salary. I decided right then that I was going to be fearless while I was here. This was going to be the best vacation in the history of vacations. There was nothing I wasn't going to do.

I spent the rest of the day exploring the resort. Between the pools, the restaurants, the spa, and the gym, I was never going to want to leave. The excitement finally got to me and I crashed into the incredibly comfortable bed immediately after dinner and fell into a deep sleep.

The next day, I was up almost before the sun was, excited and anxious to play in the blue water just outside my cabana house. I threw on my swimsuit and a sundress and skipped out to the main restaurant for breakfast. I sat out on the patio, drinking in the cloudless blue sky, the aquamarine water, and the soft calls of strange birds. I tried mashed plantains, mistaking them for mashed potatoes at first. They were delicious, with a taste similar to potatoes, but with a smoother texture. They didn't taste anything like bananas and I found myself going back for a second serving.

After breakfast, I walked around to the pool, thinking I would sit by the edge and have easy access to the bar and the water, but as soon as I sat down, I changed my mind. I couldn't hear the ocean anymore, and I realized I could sit by a pool at home. I really just wanted to stay on the beach all day.

"Can I get a drink to go?" I asked the bartender by the pool. "A pina colada please." It was still early, but if I was going to be on the beach, I wasn't sure if I was going to be willing to get up to get one later.

"Of course," the bartender said. I loved the accents everyone had here. He looked over and somehow read my mind. "Are you going to the beach?"

I nodded. He must have seen me sit down only to stand up again. He reached under the bar while the blender whirled my drink and pulled out a small clicker device.

"Here, use this on the beach. When you want a drink, just press the button and someone will bring you your last order."

"I press this and someone will bring me a pina colada? On the beach? I am never leaving this place!" I grinned as I took the small device. He laughed and handed me my drink, complete with a little umbrella. I thanked him and headed back to the beach, snagging a towel from the pool towel cart. Today was going to be amazing.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 2

I stretched out on my towel, and then sat up, digging my feet into the sand at the edge of my towel. The sand burned a little, but the heat felt so good on my skin. I couldn't believe how much I was enjoying being on the beach. The ocean sparkled in the tropical sun, the sand glowed with sunlight. Gulls called in the distance, but the constant breathing of the ocean was all I wanted to hear. I never wanted to stop hearing it.

I was almost alone on the beach. A single figure walked along the waterline to my right, and the couple staying in the cabana next to mine played in the water to my left. Other than that, the beach was empty as most of the resort guests preferred the pool with the swim up bar. I didn't quite understand why they all preferred being on display in a crowded pool when the ocean was right here, but I was happy to have the beach to myself.

I smoothed the front of my swimsuit self-consciously. It was expensive, but the 1940s style cut flattered my curves. "You just have real curves," a friend had once said when I complained about how I looked. I was never going to be model thin. I did try to take care of myself, but I was never quite happy with my body shape. I tried not to let it bother me, but swimsuits were always dangerous ground. I thought this swimsuit accentuated the curves I liked and hid the ones I didn't. So far, it was worth every penny.

I watched the couple splash for a moment, the girl shrieking with delight as the man tried to dunk her under the water. I felt a surge of jealousy. I had technically won a trip for two, but I had come alone.

I lived by myself, had no boyfriend, and my older sister who was supposed to come with me had gotten appendicitis and had to cancel at the last minute. It was easy enough to cancel the reservation for her, but it meant that no one else was able to get the time off to go with me. I was on my own for this trip. I sighed and turned away from the happy couple. Valentine's Day had only been a couple of weeks ago, and I didn't want another reminder that I was alone.

I looked towards the solitary figure in the other direction. It was a man, at least good looking from the distance, but unhappy about something. It was subtle, but the way he kicked at the waves and clenched his hands, I could tell he was not enjoying his vacation. I wasn't sure how that was possible in a place like this, but I wasn't about to let a stranger ruin my good mood. He was walking slowly towards my spot on the beach, lost in his own thoughts.

I pressed the small clicker the bar had given me for "beach service", knowing they would bring me a fresh pina colada in minutes. This really was a slice of heaven.

"Help! Somebody, help! HELP!" A scream came from the water, high pitched and full of fear. I jerked up, knocking my sunglasses off my face. The girl was screaming and thrashing in the water. My first thought was a shark, but the water was still crystal blue. She was struggling with the man's limp body towards shore, screaming as she battled the waves.

I was up in a heartbeat and racing towards her to help. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the solitary man running in the same direction I was headed. I crashed into the shallow waves, the first touch of the warm water surprising me. I had expected it to be cold, but it felt more like bathwater. I reached the girl quickly and grabbed hold of her boyfriend's arm to help drag him into shore.

"What happened?" I shouted as we pulled his dead weight through the water.

"I don't know! One minute he was under the water, and the next he was just floating there. I thought he was just playing, but, oh God..." she cried softly. The solitary man reached us, not even breathing hard despite the fact he had sprinted down the beach. Between the three of us, we maneuvered the unconscious man onto the beach, his feet still in the waves as I bent to check his pulse.

I couldn't find it. I wasn't sure if I was too excited and was missing it, or if I really couldn't find one. Either way, I knew what I had to do. It was more instinct than actual thought; I placed one hand on the other and began pumping his chest, humming an old Bee Gee's song under my breath. The girl started screaming again and Solitary Man quickly grabbed her and took her up higher on the beach, asking her questions. I could barely hear them, like they were in a far away dream as I concentrated on making my thrusts deep and even.

"Does he have any heart conditions?"

"I don't know... wait, yes! He said it wasn't a problem though!"

"Is he on any medications? Even stuff that he wasn't prescribed?"

"No, no... Well, he took something today. A little blue pill. It's our first vacation together and we didn't think it would cause any harm! Oh god, why did I let him take it?"

The man underneath my fingers suddenly lurched and gasped. I quickly rolled him on his side, just in time, as he vomited salt water and whatever he had for lunch all over the beach. I rocked back on my heels, suddenly light headed. My shoulders and back ached; I hadn't realized how hard I had been pushing. The girl was screaming again, but this time with joy as she rushed over to check on him.

A uniformed man came running towards me carrying a big red medical bag. Another man carrying an orange back-board was hot on his heels. I stood up and backed away slowly in a haze, letting the professionals take over. They spoke quickly between themselves, efficiently transferring the man onto the back-board and hooking up a blood pressure cuff and other monitoring devices. Before I had cleared my thoughts enough to understand what was going on, they were already halfway up the beach to a waiting ambulance. They passed by a confused looking waiter with a pina colada walking towards my empty towel on the beach.

I brushed the hair out of my eyes, suddenly realizing I had lost my sunglasses. I glanced around the beach, but couldn't see them anywhere. A kernel of irritation welled up inside my chest; I really liked those sunglasses. I kicked at the sand before realizing that my sunglasses weren't important. I giggled a little; I had just saved a man's life, but my issue with the day was about my missing sunglasses. People lose sunglasses all the time, but very few people randomly save a stranger on their vacation.

"That was amazing," a deep voice said by my shoulder. I spun around quickly to see Solitary Man smiling at me.

"Oh, um, thanks. I didn't even really have time to think about it to be honest. I just reacted," I said, a little flustered. Up close, he was really handsome. Like movie star handsome. He had a white t-shirt that did nothing to hide his muscles and dark blue swim trunks that looked expensive. He ran a hand through sandy hair, his eyes twinkling at me.

"Well, I think you saved his life. Not a bad thing to tell the folks at home about your vacation. You did really well," he said. His eyes were focused solely on me, like I could be the center of his world. I fidgeted with my foot in the sand, embarrassed by his praise.

"Thank you. You helped. You kept his girlfriend from completely freaking out," I said quickly. I could still feel my heart pounding a million miles a minute and I wasn't completely sure the whole thing hadn't been a crazy dream. Adventure never happened to me. I was always the one who came in five minutes after the excitement ended, not the person living it. Once again everything felt surreal.

"I think it was his wife. She had a big diamond on her finger," he said with a smile. "I'm Jack by the way. Jack Saunders."

"Emma. Emma LaRue," I replied and shook his outstretched hand. His skin was warm and his grip firm. I felt a strange tingle run through my fingers as we touched, like we were completing a circuit. He smiled and repeated my name, still holding onto my hand.

"Emma. Well, it is very nice to meet you, Emma. Are you staying at the resort here?" He asked. I nodded and held up my other wrist with the pink bracelet.

"Yup. How about you?"

"No, I am staying at a house on the beach a little further down," he said, jerking his head back in the direction he had come from. He still hadn't let go of my hand and I wasn't about to complain. I found myself wanting to touch even more of him.

"Oh, that must be nice. The houses I saw on the way in looked very nice," I said, instantly sounding dumb in my head. I needed to find a new adjective. I let myself off the hook for it though. I was still a little shell shocked. He sighed and let go of my hand.

"I am actually trying to escape it right now," he said, his smile gone. It was like the sun had dipped behind a cloud when he stopped smiling.

"It can't be that bad," I said, hoping he would smile again.

"I came with someone, and I thought we were going to have a good time, but it has been miserable. I couldn't stay in the house with her a second longer," he said with a grimace.

"Girlfriend?" I asked, trying to keep the disappointment out of my voice. If he was here with someone, then I probably would never see him again. I had only known him for less than five minutes, but I never wanted him to leave.

"Secretary. I thought maybe the cliche would work, but it's no fun out of the office," he said. He shook his head and shrugged. I nodded. He had a secretary. Those swim shorts probably were as expensive as they looked.

"So you just left her?"

"She's out admiring the pool boy and still hung over from last night. It hasn't been the best vacation of my life," he said. "Our conversation has been the most civil one I've had all day," he said looking directly into my eyes.

"That is no vacation. Vacations are supposed to be fun. You know, maybe even save a life or something," I said coyly. I was never very good at flirting, but I didn't want him to leave. I wanted to talk to him all day. I asked the first thing I could think of to get him to stay, "You want a drink?"

He laughed. "A drink sounds great."

We walked over to my towel, the pina colada melting quickly in the sun. I smiled sheepishly at the melted drink, and bent to pick up the clicker from my towel.

"I'll get you a fresh one," I said quickly.

"We can split this one until it comes, You look like you could use a sip. Besides, I'm in no hurry; I'm on vacation," he said, settling into the sand and taking a big sip of the slushy drink. I hit the clicker and sat down next to him. He handed me the drink and I took a small sip off the side.

"How did the ambulance get here so quick?" I asked. Now that a couple of minutes had passed and the adrenaline was wearing down, I felt the weight of what had happened hit me. I was glad I was sitting. I took another bigger sip. I was sure I was going to wake up any moment. How could this be happening? I had saved someone's life and was now sitting next to the most gorgeous man I had ever seen. My life was not this exciting or this good.

"I called it. I heard her screaming and then you took off like a bat out of hell," he said nonchalantly as he gently took the glass from my hand and took another sip.

"You have a phone that works out here? That must cost an arm and a leg. My phone company said mine wouldn't work on the island," I said. He handed me the drink and I took a big sip this time. My nerves still felt frayed, but with him sitting next to me, it still felt too dream-like for me to worry about it.

"The downside of my business; even on vacation, I have to carry a phone." He took the drink back and took another swallow. It was almost half gone at this point.

"What do you do?"

"I work for my father's company. What do you do?" he said, dodging my actual question. He looked at me like I should know who he was, but I didn't press him for more. He was on vacation and didn't want to talk about work. I could understand that.

"I'm a vet tech," I answered and reached for the drink.

"So, you work with animals?" He asked, waiting for me to finish swallowing so I could answer.

"Yup. I love it. I'm actually in the process of applying for Veterinary School," I said proudly.

"So you want to be a vet? That sounds like a great job. I wanted to be a doctor when I was a kid," he finished off the last of the drink and set the glass in the sand. "But with my dad's business, that was never really an option. I hope you do it though. If you can save animals like you save people, you'll be great."

"Thanks. I sure hope so," I said with a smile. He glanced over at me, his brows darkening slightly as he thought of something.

"If you don't mind me asking, how can you afford this vacation? I can't imagine vet techs make enough to go on vacations to an exclusive resort very often," he said. His outward appearance never changed, but a current of tension wound through him, as though he suspected something.

"You want to know my age and weight too?" I asked with a smirk. He managed to look slightly abashed, but obviously still wanted an answer. It seemed strange, but it was a question I would ask if I were on a super expensive resort too. I was an interloper on this island.

"I actually won this trip - a radio station call in thing. My sister was supposed to come with me, but she got sick at the last minute. There is no way I would ever be able to afford anything like this otherwise," I said before realizing I had just told him I was poor and very alone here. I smiled nervously and hoped he didn't notice.

"So you're here alone?" he asked, raising his eyebrows. No such luck there.

"Um, well, the resort is keeping track of me, so I'm not really alone," I tried to backpedal. A quick pulse of terror pushed through me, but I fought it down. Telling things like that to a complete stranger, no matter how good looking, was not a good way to stay safe. My dad would have killed me if he knew I was telling people I was here by myself.

"No, no, that's good. I was afraid you were here with a husband or boyfriend."

"Husband? No. With work and applying to vet schools, I haven't even had time to go on a date in months," I said. I hoped he didn't think I sounded pathetic. He laughed and leaned back on his elbows, the tension gone from him again.

"I hear you on the too busy thing. Why do you think I came with my secretary? She's the only person I see on a daily basis I felt like I could ask," he laughed and then scowled at the thought of his secretary. "I thought there would be more to her away from work, but she is so boring. She's almost too perfect if you know what I mean."

I laughed and nodded. "I'm sorry she is ruining your vacation."

"Well, suddenly I don't feel like it is ruined." He smiled and I doubted it was possible for him to be more handsome. "Especially now that we have another drink," he said with a wink as the resort waiter appeared with a fresh pina colada. He thanked the waiter and handed him a couple of dollar bills. The waiter smiled and promised to bring more whenever we buzzed again. I waited for him to leave before turning to Jack.

"I didn't know we were supposed to tip them. When they said 'all expenses paid' I thought that included tips," I said, mortified. My face felt on fire with my blush. Jack laughed and handed me the drink.

"You don't have to tip them. I did because I'm not a guest here and I would like him to keep bringing us drinks," he said with a tilt of his head.

"That's good. For a minute there, I was thinking I was the worst guest ever. So, you wanted to be a doctor?" I asked, changing the subject and hoping my blush would fade.

"Yeah. I liked the idea of helping people and really making a difference in someone's life. Like what you did for the guy on the beach. I would do that every day if I could," he said.

"I just realized I never got his name. I hope he is alright," I said playing with the edge of my towel. "So what stopped you from following your dream?"

"My parents. Specifically, my dad's company," he sighed. "I am their oldest child, so it was made pretty clear that I would someday take over the company. I don't really have the option not to at this point."

"That's too bad. Maybe you could find a way to combine it? I don't know what your dad's company does, but maybe there is a way to help people with it. Or, you could always volunteer or donate to something that does," I sipped the drink before handing it back to Jack.

"No one has ever made it sound so easy. You are the first person to actually make me believe I could do something like that," he said softly. He smiled, his eyes lighting up. They were a combination of green and brown, a hazel that couldn't decide what color it wanted to be. A girl could lose herself in those eyes.

"Anytime," I said with a smile. He handed me the cold glass and I sipped on the sweet liquid. "You said you were the oldest? How many siblings do you have?"

"Just one. A younger brother."

"Are you close?" I took another sip before setting the drink carefully in the sand.

"Not really. He's almost seven years younger than me, and the expectations my parents have for him are very different than the ones they have for me." Jack shifted in the sand, a sadness in the subtle motion.

"They don't expect much of him, but they expect everything of you."

Jack looked at me surprised. "That's it exactly! How did you figure that out?"

"Easy. That's how it is in my world too. Only, I'm the younger sibling." I shrugged and Jack nodded.

"What does your sister do that makes them not expect much of you?" Jack asked.

"She works in the ER as a physician assistant. My dad is a dentist and I think he kind of assumed that his kids would both go into some sort of medicine. I'm not exactly following that trend."

"You're going into animal medicine, doesn't that count?" He leaned back on his elbows, the shirt barely disguising a perfect six pack. I looked out to the ocean so I wouldn't stare.

"Apparently not enough. It's not a big deal though." I suddenly realized that this was a more serious topic than I had intended and I quickly added, "I didn't mean to put my problems on you. I just meant to say that I understand the family dynamic."

"You're fine. It is actually nice to hear it from the other side. My brother and I don't get the chance to talk much. I've always felt a little guilty about it. I think he has a hard time with it sometimes. More drink?" He held up the nearly empty glass and I nodded, clicking the little button for another.

It felt so peaceful sitting on the beach with Jack. It was like we had known each other forever, like we had always been friends. He had an easygoing charm that made it easy to talk to him, and his laugh made my insides melt. We passed the drink back and forth, ordered another, and then another, talking and laughing.

We talked about everything and nothing at the same time. Our conversation drifted easily from topic to topic, from the weather to our childhoods to what we wanted from the future. It was like catching up with an old friend who really did want to know how life was going. I learned that Jack came from a wealthy family and he was expected to take over his father's company in the next year. It sounded like this was going to be his last vacation for a long while. He was very careful never to say what his company was, and I didn't pry. He grew up with privilege and was fascinated by my stories of growing up "normal."

"I can't imagine your life," he said lying back on the sand. He closed his eyes and obviously tried to imagine it. "Used cars, paying rent, ramen noodles, no one hounding you for money all the time... it sounds great."

"No, we get hounded for money all the time, but we actually owe people the money, and don't have it," I said. He laughed and opened his eyes to look at me as I spoke. "I can't imagine your life - no worries about what bill to pay first, expensive clothes, vacations like this," I gestured to the beach. "Want to switch for a little while?"

Jack rolled onto his side, propped his head on his elbow, and smiled at me. The sun was beginning to set, and the soft reds and golds highlighted his features and glinted off his hair. I felt my breath go short. I had never met a man with a smile like that; I would have followed him around like a puppy for that smile. I felt my cheeks go red and I dropped my eyes, pretending the sand was fascinating.

"Would you be interested in joining me for dinner tonight?" Jack asked, his eyes still trained on my face. I couldn't help it, but my cheeks went redder. I was interested in doing anything with him.

"Won't your secretary mind?"

"I think she is going to be finishing her vacation without me. I think I will be eating here at the resort - I am enjoying your company," he said. I glanced up and saw his eyes were almost golden in the setting sun, and completely serious.

"Sure," I said slowly. Normal me would have found a reason to back out. Normal me would have been afraid. Vacation me wanted the adventure. Vacation me wasn't about to let an opportunity to have dinner with a gorgeous man pass by because I was scared. Besides, what's the worst that could happen? "I'll have to let the resort know."

"I'll call the resort and set it up. It shouldn't be a problem. By the way, you should put some sunscreen on tomorrow. I think your cheeks might be burning," he said as he sat up. Small flecks of sand stuck to his skin and shirt as he stood up. They sparkled in the setting sun, and glistened like falling jewels as he brushed them off. He pulled a phone out of his pocket and searched through a contacts list before putting it to his ear. I was right outside my cabana house, so I stood up and grabbed the towel and clicker. I quickly went to my porch and ducked inside to change for dinner. Everything was going so well. I was taking a handsome man to dinner, and who knew where the night could end up.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 3

I ran a brush through my long dark hair and grimaced in the mirror at the sand creature looking back. I looked like I had spent the day on the beach, but I didn't have time to clean up. Besides, I told myself, he's been looking at you all day. He doesn't care that you look like a beach-bum. I grabbed a sundress hanging in my closet and a pair of flip-flop sandals before heading back out. Jack was waiting patiently by the porch step, staring out at the ocean and the setting sun.

Jack turned at the sound of the door and smiled his brilliant smile as I walked towards him. My knees felt weak; a girl could get hurt by that smile.

"You look great," he said honestly. I bit my lip and blushed again.

"Thanks," I said as he offered his elbow to me. I wrapped my arm around his, feeling like a princess in a story book. I liked the way he felt, his arm strong and solid under mine as we walked out of the sand and into the resort.

Twilight was slowly taking over the resort, the sun's rays quickly fading in streams of red and gold that played across the sand and reflected off the water. The pool gleamed like a bright ruby as a couple splashed in its jeweled depths. Small lights twinkled in the palm trees lining the paths to the various areas on the resort. The entire world seemed to glow with excitement and romance. Everywhere I looked, I could see dark romantic corners for lovers to hide, and laughing couples stealing kisses in the fading light. For the first time in a long while, I wasn't envious of the lovers.

Jack kept me laughing as we walked easily towards the restaurant. The wind blew warm across my face and ruffled my skirt, the smell of food drifted out to compel hungry vacationers to eat. He seemed to know where he was going so I let him lead. He guided me carefully past other guests, his hand on the small of my back, directing me where to go as if we were dancing. He walked with confidence and people seemed to step out of his way without realizing it. He didn't seem to notice anyone but me as we headed into the restaurant bearing the island flag.

We were quickly led to a cozy table in the corner. As we settled into the wooden chairs and opened our menus, our conversation paused easily as we decided what to eat. I hoped Jack couldn't hear my stomach growling. I hadn't had much to eat after breakfast other than the pina coladas on the beach and I didn't think that counted as a true meal. I picked a Caribbean jerk chicken with some sort of sweet potato side, and peeked over my menu at Jack. He was deep in thought as he perused the menu, his brows furrowing gently as he made his decision, but his body looked relaxed in the chair. His eyes were dark in the dim light of the restaurant, but something about them drew me into them like a moth to a flame. He looked up and caught me staring and I felt my face go hot again.

"What?" he asked with a grin. "Do I have something in my teeth?"

"No! No..." I scrunched my face and shook my head. "I am having a hard time believing that you are actually here, that today actually happened."

Jack looked at me a little strangely, tensing up noticeably. I realized that I sounded a little crazy and quickly added, "It's not every day you save a man from a heart attack. On top of that, I had an amazing four-hour long conversation with a complete stranger. This doesn't exactly happen in my normal life." With that, Jack seemed to relax back into his chair.

"Isn't that what vacations are for? To have experiences that you don't usually have in your everyday life?" he asked putting his menu down. I bit my bottom lip before answering.

"I suppose so. Vacations are for experiences we don't usually have in our everyday lives. Most people don't get to lounge around and eat bonbons all day, so that is a vacation for them. I don't usually save people's lives and meet handsome strangers who take me to dinner, so that's my vacation," I said.

"Ah, so you think I'm handsome then?" He grinned impishly at me and leaned back in his chair. I felt my cheeks heat again and I hoped the lighting was dim enough so it wasn't too obvious. I could feel his eyes searching my face, waiting for some reaction.

"I should have known better than to stroke your ego," I said, shaking my head. I hoped he would find it coy and not see the embarrassment all over my face. He laughed, a boyish sound that made me want to laugh too.

"You have a magic about you, Emma. I believe every word you say, and I rarely believe anyone," he said as he leaned forward. His eyes caught the light from the small candle on the table and reflected in a million shades of brown and green. I couldn't breathe. I didn't want to. He leaned back and released me from the spell of his eyes. "So, tell me why you want to become a veterinarian," he commanded.

I relaxed, glad he had changed the subject. "It's something I have wanted to do since I was a kid. I love animals," I answered automatically. It was the answer I gave everyone who asked.

"There is more to it than that. You have something more driving you than simply 'I love animals'," he said.

My smile faded from my face. "When I was a kid, my dog got hit by a car. He ran out in the street to chase a ball I had thrown. I held him in my arms as he died, and I didn't know what to do. I promised myself that I wouldn't let that happen again." The words came out of my mouth before I had time to take them back. I never told anyone that story. Ever. It was too personal, showed too much of my weaknesses. Somehow, he had gotten it out of me without even a hesitation.

"That is a much better reason," he said quietly.

"No one believes that I'll be able to do it. I've always gotten good grades and done well in school, but for some reason, no one thinks I'm ever going to be good enough," I said looking at my napkin. He was somehow drawing answers out of me like water from a well.

"No one thinks I am going to be able to run my father's company as well as he did. I'm afraid they might be right," he answered almost more to himself than to me. For a brief moment, the facade of complete control and confidence he emanated faltered.

"That's exactly how I feel," I whispered. Our eyes met and we both smiled. We shared a secret now. Only it didn't feel like a secret. It felt like us saying out loud the truth we both knew in our hearts. As I looked across the table at him, we had no secrets. I knew I could tell him anything.

"Tell me a secret," I said. He blinked twice and then frowned slightly.

"Why?"

"Because we're strangers. Haven't you ever noticed that people can tell a complete stranger something they would barely admit to themselves? It's because there is no judgment and no life consequence. I can tell from your fancy phone and nice clothes that you belong in a place like this." I waved my hand around at the expensive decorations of the resort. "I don't belong here, and when this week is over, I will be going back to my boring, discount-brand life. When we go back to our real lives, we won't accidentally run into one another on the street or at the supermarket. You can tell me anything, and there will be no consequence."

"I wish I could believe you," he said. His lips pressed together and he aged in the dim light. "There is always a consequence. Always."

"I give you my solemn promise to never breathe a word of any of our conversations to anyone without your permission," I said smiling. I wanted to know more about him; anything and everything. He eyed me carefully, obviously weighing my promise in his mind. He wanted to trust me, but something was keeping him in check.

"What would you like to eat this evening?" a young waitress interrupted politely. Jack kept looking at me, trying to decide if I would actually keep my promise.

"I'll have the jerked chicken please," I told her, handing her my menu. She wrote it down on a slip of paper and turned expectantly towards Jack.

"The special please," he said handing her the menu. He smiled up at her before asking, "Can I borrow your pen and paper?"

The waitress frowned for a moment, surprised by his request, but she shrugged and gave him the next blank page from her small notebook and the pen. He thanked her and she smiled and went to place our order.

"What are you doing?" I asked as he began scribbling on the paper. He finished quickly and handed me the now full page and the pen.

I, Emma LaRue, hereby swear never to reveal any part of this conversation with Jack Saunders to anyone without his direct, written permission.

The words were hard to read in his messy handwriting, but I understood the message.

"With handwriting like that, you should have been a doctor," I said as I examined the words. "I want to clarify the conditions first. It only applies to things said at this table and you have to sign the same promise on the back of this paper."

Jack grinned and nodded. I bent over the tiny paper and signed it, then turned it over and duplicated the words on the other side before handing it to Jack. He signed it with a flourish and stuck the paper in his pocket.

"I wish I didn't have to run my father's company. I wish I could get out of his shadow and be successful in my own right," he said slowly, his eyes glued to my face, waiting to see my reaction.

"Do you want to tell me what your father's company does?" I asked, feeling a little confused.

"If you don't know, then I don't want to tell you," he said with a smile. "It is too refreshing to not have to talk business."

"Okay. You want to get away from your father. That isn't much of a secret," I said, unimpressed.

"It would be if you knew him... Alright, I'll give you a better secret." He paused, thinking about it for a moment. Suddenly, his eyes lowered, shame crossing his face. "When I was fourteen, I stole a car," he said. He smiled when I raised my eyebrows at him. "My father and I were at the country club and we were arguing. I wanted to get away from him so badly I stole a car from the valet."

"What happened after that?" I asked, intrigued.

"I crashed it. Four blocks away I ran it into a lamp post. My father was furious, but instead of punishing me or turning me in to the police, he paid the owner of the car and made the whole thing disappear. To this day we still haven't spoken about it," he said. He picked up his water glass and took a sip, his eyes watching me to see what I was going to say.

"So you're a car thief? And you didn't get in any trouble? Why didn't he make you pay for the car?" I asked, genuinely curious.

"Because, to my father, the image of the perfect son was what he wanted. The car didn't fit with that image, so he made it disappear. I wish my father had made me pay for it or had me experience some sort of punishment, but he didn't. He used his money to make everything all better. It's the story of my life with him," he said. He seemed surprised at his own words. His eyes lifted back up, piercing into me. "Your turn."

I thought for a moment. "It's no stealing a car, but it's something I don't tell anyone. Ever." I frowned. This wasn't something I enjoyed telling people. I knew I could tell Jack though. It was like we had no secrets between us and I could tell him anything without fear. I knew instinctively that he would never laugh at me or judge me the way everyone else in my life did. There was a sense of safety I had never felt with anyone else that made me want to tell him everything about me. "I was bulimic in high school. Everyone thought I looked great, and it was so hard to stop when I finally had people asking if I had lost weight."

"Why did you stop?"

"My dad is a dentist. He saw the acid damage on my teeth and told my mom. They never looked at me quite the same again after that," I said, my voice cracking. I tried to hide it with a sip of water. "I still struggle with it, you know? My mom and sister are these perfect thin stick people, and I'm not. I don't like the way I look. I don't like the way my clothes fit, but no matter what I do, it isn't enough. I know that people look at me and the extra weight is all they see. I lost boyfriend because of it. He said he didn't want to be with a 'fat chick'. I am terrified that I am going to end up alone because of it." I was shaking a little by the time I stopped talking.

"I don't see how that is possible. Your boyfriend was an idiot. You are beautiful," Jack said, his eyes catching mine. He made sure I could see the truth in them as he continued. "I would date you if I met you in real life." His face held a heat that made my insides start to tingle. My heart skipped a beat and I could feel my knees spread under the table. He thought I was beautiful.

"Don't say it if you don't mean it."

"I mean every word."

"No one has ever called me beautiful. Other than my dad, but that doesn't count."

"Then they are all idiots. Except your dad, because you are beautiful."

His eyes glowed caramel in the candlelight, full of honest appreciation. The heat in his eyes told me that he found me more than beautiful.

"What are you afraid of?" I asked quickly, changing the subject. The blush on my cheeks was threatening to light the table on fire.

"Spiders," he answered nonchalantly.

"Spiders. That doesn't count," I said, giggling. He smiled at me and shrugged as though he were trying to take off an invisible weight.

"I'm afraid I will end up alone, but in a different way. I don't have any real friends, at least none outside my work. I'm so busy with my job that I don't have time to make connections and the ones I do make are tainted by business. I feel like life is passing me by. I'm surrounded by people, but I hardly know any of them and I feel like I can't get to know them." He peered into his water glass, sliding the liquid back and forth. "I'm afraid I'm going to miss days like today."

His hand reached out and touched mine. A spark of desire, want, and need jumped between us. I was sure the tablecloth was going to explode with the current passing between us. He leaned forward, his perfect lips coming closer. I leaned closer, wanting to taste them. The table grew smaller.

At that moment the waitress returned with our meals. The spell we had woven with our secrets was broken. Jack ordered some wine and we settled into our food, our conversation drifting back to mundane topics. We still laughed and conversed easily, but the magic of secret sharing was lost.

We ordered dessert and I was surprised by how easily our conversation continued to flow. I could feel the wine making me laugh more than usual, but it had never been this easy to talk to a guy... ever,... even with much more alcohol than a bottle of wine. I found my hand drifting towards his on multiple occasions, but I kept my fingers to myself. I wanted to touch him and make sure he was real, but I didn't want to scare him away. I wanted to do so much more than just touch him.

The waitress came and refilled our wine glasses several times, but I barely noticed. The wine was delicious, but I couldn't take my eyes off Jack - the way the candle lit up his eyes, the way he brushed his hand through his hair when he was thinking, the way he looked at me, and how I found myself telling him things I had never told another living soul. Before I knew it, we were the only ones left in the restaurant.

"Would you like to come back to my place?" I blurted out, the wine making me bold. I held in a nervous giggle, but I was sure I looked ridiculous. I certainly felt ridiculous; there was no way a man as handsome, charming, and wealthy as Jack would ever come back with me to my room. Things like that don't happen to me. Men don't look at me like that.

"I thought you would never ask," he said with a pleased smile. I couldn't believe my luck. I stood up slowly and tucked the chair neatly into the table. Jack offered me his elbow, and together we sauntered out of the restaurant and back towards the beach.

We walked up the beach, the moon shining down like a giant spotlight. White tipped waves shushed the darkness as we approached. I had never seen so many stars in the sky; they seemed to go on forever. I wished the walk was longer so I could hold on to the moment and keep it in my mind forever. Everything was perfect. The ocean was perfect. The man holding my arm like a gentleman was perfect. The evening had been perfect and I was terrified that it was all going to end the moment I stepped on my porch.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 4

The porch creaked slightly as I stepped up and unlocked the door. I could feel him move in behind me, resting his weight on an arm against the door frame. I turned slowly, captured against the door and his body. His masculine scent made my knees feel weak, and my throat felt dry as he leaned over me, his eyes searching mine. His expression was intense, almost threatening; I looked up into those hazel eyes, the moonlight making them shine with something I wanted. Desire. He wanted me. The thought alone made me shiver with anticipation, as he brought his hand to my neck and pulled my lips towards his.

His mouth was hot against mine, his tongue probing gently at my lips, asking to taste me. I opened my mouth and he shifted his weight to kiss me fully. He explored me in a slow and thorough manner before pulling back. His eyes gleamed with an aching hunger that held me captive. I wanted him more than anything.

He pushed me back until I bumped against the door. His mouth skimmed my jaw, down to my throat, his teeth grazing my skin and his five-o-clock shadow scratching gently. He pressed a thigh between my legs, sending heat through my belly and then south. I whimpered for more, the noise low in my throat.

"You want to invite me in?" he whispered in my ear. Goosebumps ran down my arms, but not from cold.

"Why? Are you a vampire?" I asked with a wry smile.

He didn't answer but instead kissed me again, drawing me to him like a magnet. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled on my waist, guiding me through the open door. He released me and I felt woozy on my feet from his kisses. The door thudded softly shut and I licked my lips.

He was perfect in the moonlight. His shoulders were broad, tapering into a tight waist and an ass that my fingers itched to squeeze. The darkness and the wine made me bold, my desire growing by the minute. His eyes caught mine and he smiled, knowing that I was checking him out. Those eyes turned up the flame growing in my belly, now spreading north and south, filling my core with need. The sexual tension wrapped around us like taut guitar strings, filling the room with vibrating desire.

His hands grabbed my h*ps again, pulling me into him with strong fingers. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders, tangling my fingers in his hair as we stumbled towards the bedroom. A part of me told me that I should stop, that I should think this through, but the other voices in my head quickly drowned her out; I wanted him more than I wanted to breathe.

Before we got to the bed, he ran his fingertips up my sides, his touches reading the curves of my body. His eyes were locked with mine, and the smoldering flame within them silenced even that last voice that resisted him. We held this position, and the intensity of the moment made it stretch out for what seemed like an eternity. Then, as if on cue, we both went in for another kiss.

As our tongues locked, I felt my body surrender to him. I wanted him, and I would do anything to have him. I felt like we were on our own little island, marooned in our own little shack, and nothing else that went on around us mattered. His hands went back down to my hips, and his fingers began to pull upward, bunching my sundress up. With every stroke of his finger against my hip, I felt shivers up my spine. His hands shifted further behind me, and as the bottom of my dress reached his fingers, I felt him lightly touch my ass.

My own hands went to his chest, his white t-shirt the only thing between me and those solid pectorals of his. I pulled at the shirt, and as his arms flew upward I could feel the hem of my dress fall back down. I sheepishly laughed, but as he threw his shirt on the floor, I got my first look at that muscular chest of his. My hands went to it, my palms rubbing against the muscles, feeling him. I came back in for another kiss.

In a moment, I found myself lifted up, and I squealed in delight. His hands had found their way back to my bottom, and like a caveman, he threw me over his shoulder. I had never had a man do this to me, and I lightly slapped his back, as if I could offer any resistance at this point. In another moment, I found myself falling towards the bed where I wanted to be.

He stood over me as I lay on the bed, knees bent, my dress hiking up towards my thighs. He took a foot in his hand, kissing it gingerly. Immediately, I felt self-conscious. What if he noticed how big my feet were? I drew back, but with a firm grasp, he yanked my foot back, going back to his tender kisses. As soon as he pulled, he had let me know who was in charge now, and I surrendered.

His kisses moved up my calf, bringing me closer to the edge of the bed, closer to the edge of bliss. I knew his destination, so I closed my eyes and let it happen. I felt his kisses move up, slowly, deliberately, driving me crazy.

He fell to his knees as my ass moved to the edge of the bed. I felt him hike my skirt up and I spread my legs to let him get where he wanted. I felt his fingers wrap around the edges of the bikini bottom I had left on under my dress. With the deftness of a locksmith, he slid them down off my hips, exposing me to his eyes.

A thousand thoughts were going through my head. What would he think? Am I neat and tidy down there? Are my thighs rubbing together? Those thoughts faded to nothingness as his tongue went to flower, tasting me gingerly. The only thought that went through my head was that I wanted more, and in a moment he delivered. His tongue flicked against me with the tempo and pressure of a practiced lover.

Soon I felt my hands going to my br**sts through my dress. As I touched them, I thought of the ocean right outside the walls of this cabana. His pace never wavered, and I could feel a swell forming on the horizon. My hands went to his hair, trying to pull him in, trying to get more. The swell grew and grew, and soon my entire body was heaving. I squeezed my eyes shut as the tidal wave crashed onto my shores, sweeping all my cares and worries away.

I felt my legs squeeze on Jack's head and willed them to separate, but he never stopped his tongue's movement. A few moments later, the sensation became too intense. My legs squeezed shut again and I grabbed Jack's hair and pulled him up. He smiled a devilish grin at me before grabbing the bottom of my dress and lifting. I sat up, and as his fingers moved past my br**sts, he lifted my bikini top up with my dress. In another moment, I was naked, exposed to judgment by this Adonis.

And judge me he did. I could hear him growl appreciatively as he appraised my body. My br**sts were full and the ni**les were even harder with the sudden cool air hitting them.

I watched as he pulled his shorts down, revealing his manhood. It was already completely erect, and my eyes popped out a little at how big he was. I laughed to myself when I thought of what his secretary was missing out on.

He rummaged in the pockets of his bathing suit while it was in his hands, pulling out a cell phone and a wallet. He carefully placed his phone on the nightstand next to the bed before opening his wallet and pulling out a square package. I smiled. He was thoughtful.

He tore the package open, pulling out the condom inside. I watched as he rolled the condom over his member. This was all happening so fast, I didn't know what to think, I didn't know if I should stop him or if I should go with it.

He leaned down, whispering in my ear. "What's your favorite position?"

No man had ever asked me that. Vacation me decided to go with it. "The one we're in right now is just fine," I said with a quick giggle.

"Then I'll start right here," he said, breathing into my ear. As his thick member rubbed against my opening, I felt him hold his breath, and I held mine. I wanted it as bad as he did, and it showed, because he slid right into me. Both of us gasped, then his lips were on mine in an instant. As he moved against my body, I felt rapturous. I kissed him with more passion than I had ever kissed a man in my life.

He leaned up, propping himself up on his hands as he thrust into me. My hands moved to his biceps, strong and large as he supported his weight. My fingers kneaded at his muscles as he filled me with his throbbing manhood.

He pulled out of me and lay next to me on his side. His hand grabbed my shoulder, pushing me onto my side as well, facing away from him. As he spooned me, his fingernails drifted down my side, ending up at my hip. The light sensation made me shiver with anticipation as he pushed himself between my legs. I opened to him, and he immediately began breathing in my ear, his ragged breaths telling me just how much he wanted me. I began to move against him, our bodies undulating together in a harmony that I had never felt before. His hand grabbed my h*ps and held on tight, moving me the way that he wanted me to move. I liked having him in control.

He leaned back and thrust harder, then pulled out. He rolled onto his back and lay there, letting me drink in the sight of him. We waited there for a moment, and I didn't know what to do. He gave a mischievous grin and beckoned to me with a finger. I felt a blush creep across my cheeks as I realized he was letting me be on top. I got up on my knees and mounted him, and he smiled as I moved down on him.

I writhed against him, and he eyed my body hungrily. I pressed my arms together, knowing it would make my average br**sts look even fuller for him. He looked my entire body up and down, and as I began to writhe faster, his fingers again traced their way up my back. I had never felt fuller than I did right then.

With a sudden motion, he grabbed my hair in his right hand and clenched. I gasped, and his powerful left hand brought my body against his. Despite me being on top, he was very much in charge. As his right hand grabbed more of my hair, he guided my motions. He held me against him, every square inch of our bodies touching. His right hand pulled upward and I began to moan, the pain spiking the pleasure with every thrust. His left hand moved down to my ass, kneading at the fleshy cheek, spreading me open even further. My moans became more and more frantic, and I could feel sweat dripping down my body.

His mouth went to my ear and I could hear his ragged breathing as he exerted himself. "You're incredible," he said, and the way he said it was enough to drive me wild. He was in control, my body responding to his every motion. He began to pound into me, and within another moment he rolled me on my side. He kept going, still inside of me, until he was on top and I was on bottom.

We were back to a missionary position, but it was anything but boring. There was a wild need in his eyes as he continued to make love to me. A look of primal, almost animal lust. He craved release, and so did I. I reached my hands around to his perfect ass, pulling him in as if I could bring him even closer to me. His eyes scanned my entire body, and every inch of my body seemed to be turning him on. The ache in the pit of my stomach was almost too much to bare, and as I felt the sweat drip from his body onto mine, I knew that this was it.

He got a strained look in his eyes, and I couldn't help but cry out, digging my fingers into his arm as he pushed into me, again and again. With his first primal grunt, I felt my body burst in a blissful explosion that threatened to tear me apart. I heard another animal groan, and another as his thrusts went deep.

In another moment, he collapsed onto me, our sweaty bodies sliding all over each other. He pulled out of me, quickly removing the condom and throwing it towards the trash bin. He missed and hit the floor next to it. He made no move to retrieve it. I sighed as I looked at the muscular man who was now lying back next to me. Nobody's perfect, but nothing would ruin this perfect moment.

I don't know when I fell asleep, but I know I was in his arms, listening to his heartbeat. I was sure I was going to wake up and have this all just be a wonderful dream, but even if it was, it was a dream I would never forget.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 5

The sun shone directly into my eyes, waking me from a dead sleep. With a groan, I threw my arm over my face, rolling into my pillow. It smelled like Jack, masculine and intoxicating. I moved my arm and could feel the cool linen next to me; Jack was long gone from my bed. I kept my face buried in the pillow, my eyes shut tight. Maybe if I didn't open them, I wouldn't have to wake up and find him truly gone.

My bladder, however, had a different idea. I lay still trying to convince myself to go back to sleep, but I finally couldn't fight it any longer. I stood up and let the sheets fall from my na**d body as I hurried to the bathroom, the tile cold on my bare feet.

The face in the mirror watched me as I washed my hands and ran a brush through my hair, trying to coax the tangles into some sort of pony tail. I felt pleasantly sore all over, and the memory of the night before made me smile before I realized he had left without even waking me.

"Of course he left. He saw me in the morning light, drooling in my sleep, and escaped as quickly as possible. Good thing I wasn't lying on his arm or he would have had to chew it off," I mumbled to myself as I threw on a sundress and headed outside.

He was gone, but the whole evening was so worth it. It had seemed almost magical, and while I was sad that it was over, I knew it was a memory that would last forever.

I stepped out on the porch, ready to go get breakfast by myself when I saw him. He was sitting on my porch, his long legs stretched out and crossed at the ankles as he sat reading in the shade. I blinked twice, sure he was not really there. A man that attractive and that good in bed was not going to hang around me too long.

"Good morning, Sleepy-head. I thought you were going to sleep the day away," he said setting the book down. His smile was even better in the morning light.

"You're still here," I said stumbling over the words. "I woke up and thought you had left."

"After a showing like last night? I may never leave," he replied with a mischievous grin. I bit my lip and grinned at him.

"It was pretty good, wasn't it," I said. He stood up and crossed the porch in a single step, his arms wrapping around me like they had always been there.

"Better than good," he whispered before leaning forward to kiss me. I felt the heat rise inside of me again, and I was about to drag him back into the bedroom when his pocket began ringing loudly. He sighed and let me go, stepping back reluctantly to answer his phone.

"What is it?" Jack said harshly into the phone. His voice was full of power, but none of the sensuality from the night before. I stepped down and sat on the porch step, pushing my feet out of the shade of the porch and into the sun. Jack growled into the phone and leaned against the far railing. My feet played in the hot sand as I waited for him to finish his call, trying my best not to listen in on his conversation. Instead, I stared out at the endless ocean. The sky was a bright blue that merged almost seamlessly with the dark water in the distance. It was going to be another perfect day in paradise.

"Emma," Jack said sitting down next to me. I liked the way my name sounded when he said it. "I have to leave for a little bit. There is something I have to take care of that can't wait. Business."

"I understand," I tried to sound like it didn't matter. My voice cracked, betraying me. I had been in this spot before; he wanted to get away while he still could. He pushed a tendril of hair behind my ear and turned my face to look at him. His expression was soft, but his eyes told me he was in complete control and he knew it.

"I will meet you here in two hours. Don't be late," he said right before he kissed me. I knew it was a goodbye kiss. I hoped it was only goodbye for two hours and not forever.

***

I watched him hurry off down the beach, talking forcefully into his phone, and then he slowly disappeared. My heart ached to see him go. I didn't know what scared me more, the idea that he was never coming back, or that he would be back in two hours. Jack evoked such a range of emotions that I felt confused by them all. I searched the horizon for a single stationary object to help me keep my emotional balance, but found nothing. I wanted him to come back, but I was scared of what it meant if he did. The level of attraction I felt towards him wasn't something I was ready for. This was only a vacation after all, and I was going to have to say goodbye to him eventually. I didn't want to think about it.

I ate a small breakfast at the resort cafe and then hurried back to our spot on the beach. The tide was going out, so I passed the time looking for shells and shiny rocks. It was such a simple thing to do, but I found myself chasing the waves, trying to catch small stones and pieces of drift wood before the ocean could reclaim them. I giggled, feeling like a wonder-filled child, as I found a small shell and released it onto a wave, watching it drift away. I looked at my watch. It had been a little over the two hours, and I looked around full of hope. My hope quickly turned to an emptiness as I looked up and down the beach and couldn't find him. My little floating shell had sunk quickly in the waves and I didn't want to play anymore.

I bit my lip, ashamed that tears were forming along the edges of my eyes. I squeezed my eyes shut as hard as I could and took a deep breath. Last night had been amazing and I would always have that. Jack was obviously a busy man, and this was only a vacation after all. This wasn't real life.

"Sorry I'm late," a deep voice said behind me. I turned to see Jack wading into the water, the cuffs of his shorts already damp from the waves. He smiled and my heart pounded like a drum in my chest. He came back. He had come back... for me.

"I was beginning to think you weren't coming," I said quietly. I tried to keep the hurt out of my voice. He looked at his hands and I realized he was breathing hard. He must have run the whole way here.

"Sometimes I hate my job. Even on vacation, I don't really get a day off. I apologize for making you wait," he replied somberly. His eyes shone with honesty as he reached my spot in the water. "What are you doing out here?"

"Chasing the waves," I said. I had completely forgiven him. When he looked at me like that, I think I would have forgiven anything. "What would you like to do?"

He smiled and kissed me softly. My hands pressed against his strong chest as the water swirled around our knees. "Walk with me?"

He grabbed my hand and led me out of the water. My skirt clung to my wet legs as we walked along the beach. His hand felt strong in mine, like he would never let me go again. I wished that he didn't have to, that we could stay in this sunshine filled moment forever. We walked for a while, the sand feeling good under my feet. There were some locals in tents along the beach hocking their trinkets, bobbles, and treasures. Each tent held gems, jewelry, liquor and paintings in all shapes and sizes.

"A pretty necklace for a pretty lady?" A strongly accented local called out as we walked past a blue tent. He was another in a long line of tents strung along the beach. I giggled and kept walking as the merchants called out their wares to us.

We stopped several times to look at the beautiful things for sale, but I never saw anything that I wanted until the last shop in the row. It was a simple silver pendant in the shape of a dolphin, but something about it called to me. I hadn't seen another like it in any of the shops. Jack smiled as he saw me pick it up and admire it.

"The lady has excellent taste," the shop keeper cooed as he saw me pick it up. "Put it on. See how it feels."

Jack took the delicate chain from my fingers and deftly placed it around my neck. The dolphin fit perfectly in the hollow of my throat. Jack stepped back and smiled.

"How much for the necklace?" he asked the shop keeper. The old man frowned and looked at the necklace before answering.

"$100 American dollars. But for you, I sell it at $85," he smiled, his teeth bright.

"$85? That is too much. Thank you though. It is beautiful," I said quickly. I reached up to undo the clasp and return it to the jewelry tray. I knew that I could negotiate him down, but I had to act like I was going to leave it.

"No. The lady will have it," Jack interjected, placing his hand on the back of my neck so I couldn't reach the clasp.

"What are you doing? It isn't worth that," I hissed at him. He ignored me and fished money out of his wallet and handed it to the man.

"Thank you, sir. Enjoy the necklace, miss," the shop keep said with a grin as he counted the money greedily. I shook my head slowly, but the proud smile on Jack's face kept my mouth shut. If I didn't know for sure he was rich before, I certainly knew it now.

We stepped out of the merchant's stall and were immediately swarmed by the neighboring tents' merchants. Every single one of them called out in sweet voices, trying to coax us like sirens to their wares. Every stall we passed had a salesman trying to pull us into their shop. One physically grabbed my arm to pull me under his tent to look at his jewelry, making me squeak and stumble away. Jack's face twisted as though he tasted something sour, and he grabbed my hand and pulled me to the water. The merchants still kept hawking their wares, but at least they couldn't pluck at our clothing. We walked through the waves, still following the white sandy line of the ocean. I secretly hoped we would walk around the entire island instead of turning around.

"I buy one thing and they all go crazy," he said, looking back at the tents like they might follow us out into the ocean.

"That's because you paid full price," I said with a giggle. He looked at me and furrowed his brows. "I willingly admit that I am not the best haggler, but I could have gotten him down to at least $30. You flashed your money and now they know you don't haggle."

"Oh, come on, $85 isn't that much! It isn't something to justify the feeding frenzy of salesmen. Now I know how chum feels when the sharks gather." He glanced back over his shoulder like they still might be chasing us.

"$85 is a lot of money to spend on a necklace, no matter how pretty it is." I couldn't help but smile at the look on his face, his head tilted slightly as though I had said the sky was made of chocolate.

"It isn't that much," he said. If I didn't know better, I would have said a pout crossed his handsome mouth.

"It is to them. It certainly is to me. $85 is almost a full day's pay." I shrugged like it was nothing, but he stopped walking and dropped my hand in surprise. I fiddled with the silver charm, sliding it up and down on its simple chain. I hadn't meant to bring up how different our economic situations were. He stayed quiet for a moment and then cleared his throat. I had a horrible feeling that he was thinking of bolting. "Thank you for the necklace though. I really do like it, even if it is a little extravagant."

Jack's face relaxed and he smiled at me. His shoulders dropped from his ears and he reached out a hand to me again.

"You deserve even more. The charm suits you. I like it on you," he said waiting for me to take his hand. I played with the cool silver charm in my fingers for a moment before grinning at him.

"It does look good, doesn't it?" I reached for his hand. A spark of energy flowed through his fingers into mine. It made my heart speed up and my stomach do happy flips. He smiled and squeezed my hand and we continued down the beach and away from the shops. I felt like a princess wearing something sparkly, hand in hand with her knight in shining armor. A girl could get used to extravagance.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 6

The afternoon sun shone down on the two of us and we walked alongside the waves and giggled at stupid jokes. I felt more comfortable with him than I had with anyone in my life. He seemed to relax the longer we walked. I wished I could have more days like this, but both our vacations were going to have to end soon. I pushed the thought as far from my mind as I could.

"What's the craziest thing you've ever done?" Jack asked as I bent down to pick up a seashell. I studied the shell for a moment before casting it out into the ocean.

"You are going to make fun of me," I said, squinting out at the horizon before looking at him. He grinned mischievously.

"I'm going to make more fun of you if you don't tell me," he said, his eyes sparkling. I glared at him before answering.

"I went skinny dipping in Old Man Smith's fishing pond. A bunch of us did it one night," I said finally, a blush creeping into my cheeks.

"That doesn't sound that crazy," he scoffed gently.

"Well, it wasn't... until he came out with a shotgun and threatened to shoot us all for scaring his fish," I giggled. "I nearly ran the whole way home before I realized I was na**d and had forgotten my clothes by the pond. To top it off, my parents had dinner guests that night. I had to sneak in, naked, past three different sets of dentists."

"Did any of them see you?" he asked, his sides quivering as he tried not to laugh.

"I hid in the garage until I found a winter coat. One of the guests saw me and gave me this weird look as I dashed up the stairs with bare legs and a heavy overcoat, but I made it," I said shaking my head and laughing at the memory. Jack let his laughter mix with mine as he teased me about forgetting my clothes as we walked hand in hand down the beach.

Up ahead, white gauze streamers caught my attention. Jack followed my gaze to the small arbor decorated with pretty white fabric and tropical flowers. A bored looking attendant in a white dress shirt and pants sat next to it playing on his phone.

"You ever think you'll get married?" Jack asked nodding towards the awning.

"At the rate I'm going? No. You don't even want to know the last time I went on a date. I want to, but, no one seems interested. I've kind of come to accept that I will be a crazy old cat lady someday." The admission hurt, but it was freeing to say it out loud. Jack squeezed my hand. "What about you? You think you'll ever marry?" I asked him as we approached the small wedding area. The attendant fanned himself with a brochure packet as he slid his phone into the pocket of his shirt and watched us disinterestedly.

"Honestly, I don't know. I would love a family. I want a wife and kids with a dog in a white picket fenced yard, but I don't think that will ever happen because of my work and the obligations that come with it. The fact that I have money complicates things. If I were to get married, it would have to be to someone who could see past my job and the income. Someone who wanted to be with me," he said it like it didn't bother him, but the edges of his voice held a deep pain. I wondered who had hurt him over money to make him so distrustful.

"I'd marry you. Even if you didn't have any money," I blurted out. He stopped and looked at me, his eyes dark. I bit my lip and looked up at him. "I mean, I don't know how much money you have, but I know that I like being around you. I think I like you more than anyone I have ever met."

Jack pulled me so I was facing him. I could feel the blush on my cheeks increasing as he searched my face.

"You're serious," he said slowly, a smile blossoming on his face. I nodded and blushed harder. "You want to get married?" he asked, tipping his head towards the white arbor.

"Sure, why not?" I answered with a smile. I wasn't about to back out of this conversation now. I already said I would marry him and I wasn't going to miss this opportunity to tease him later when he was the one who backed out.

"Let's do it then," he said with a wicked smile. I felt my mouth open and I couldn't quite close it; he wasn't supposed to take me seriously.

"Are you serious?"

"Sure, why not?" he mimicked me with a grin. He pulled me by the hand towards the awning like he was very serious.

"Wait a second," I gasped.

"Oh, so you're backing out?" Jack's eyes twinkled with amusement.

"No, I am not backing out. I said I would marry you and I will," I responded feeling full of sass. "I want to... ummm... clarify a couple of things."

"Okay, Ms. Worrywart, go on - clarify," he said with a laugh.

"It is soon to be Mrs. Worrywort. You realize that we are in a foreign country right?" I asked. He nodded and I felt a surge of relief that I hoped would be enough to satisfy the rational part of my brain. We were both foreign here and didn't have the right paperwork, so this would never be considered legal. There would be no consequence for this. A giddy surge of excitement went through me. This was what an adventure was supposed to feel like. "Good. You realize that you never asked my dad's permission?"

"You want me to call him right now?" Jack asked innocently as he began reaching for his phone. "Or are you just thinking up excuses not to marry me?"

I laughed and pushed his hand away from his pocket. There was no way I was going to let him win this game. "Oh, I'll marry the hell out of you. Besides, then we can tell everyone we are on our honeymoon and get free drinks."

"You are staying on an all-inclusive resort," he snorted and I pushed him playfully.

"Before we do this though, you should at least propose properly," I said trying to keep a straight face. Jack looked thoughtful for a moment before taking my hand and dropping to one knee.

"My dearest, loveliest Emma," he began looking up at me with his hazel eyes full of laughter. I couldn't have wiped the goofy smile off my face if he had paid me. "Will you do me the biggest honor of this vacation, and marry me?"

"Yes," I giggled. He stood up and kissed me. He kissed me back with a passion I wasn't expecting. It was like the wind was sucked out of my lungs and replaced with desire. He pulled away slowly after a moment, our eyes connecting. My breath came in small gasps.

"Come on!" Jack recovered first and grabbed my hand with a smile, pulling me towards the pretty awning. I nearly tripped over my own feet, but I wasn't about to be late for my own wedding.

***

"I now pronounce you husband and wife," the man in the white shirt said in a thick accent. I barely understood any of the words he said during the ceremony, simply repeating "I do" whenever he paused. "You may now kiss the bride."

Jack smiled at me. I would have married him ten times over for that smile. My insides felt mushy and happy in a way I couldn't describe or understand, but when he kissed me, everything felt perfect. His lips were soft against mine, his tongue slipping in at the last second. This is what a vacation should feel like, I thought to myself. I was truly having an adventure. No one at home would ever believe that I had married a stranger, let alone one as handsome as Jack. This was something that I would treasure forever.

"Smile for the camera," the minister said holding up a digital camera. Jack's hand went up and covered the lens before he could snap a picture.

"No pictures," he growled at the man. The minister paled slightly but then smiled as he glanced back and forth between us.

"No pictures?" I asked, turning towards Jack. "Not even one, just for us?"

Jack frowned for a moment, then lowered his hand and reached in his pocket. "No pictures except this one. This one is for us," he said as he pulled out his phone and handed it to the minister. Jack and I posed under the white awning, looking for all the world like newlyweds as the camera phone clicked.

The minister nodded happily as he handed back the phone to Jack. Jack grinned as he saw the screen and handed it to me. I gasped. I looked beautiful. Jack looked so handsome and we both looked genuinely happy. If I didn't know better, I would have thought this was an actual wedding photo.

"I better get a copy," I said as I handed him his phone. Jack laughed, and caught me up in his arms, pulling me in for another kiss. My head spun as he kissed me and nipped gently at my bottom lip with his teeth. I lost myself in his kiss.

"You'll get the only copy," he whispered. "This is ours and ours alone. No one can ever take this from us. This is our secret, one only we share." His breath tickled my ear and made a heat surge between my thighs. I wondered how he could make my body react so quickly without even trying. His chest was strong beneath me and I could feel something hardening against my hip. I couldn't wait to get him back to the hotel room.

"We should head back and start our honeymoon," I whispered, pushing my h*ps against his. His hand tightened on my back and I wished I could have him right there on the sand.

"Ahem," the man who married us coughed and raised his eyebrows. I felt the blush surge back onto my cheeks as Jack released me. I wondered if the minister could feel the energy between us, but he rolled his eyes and waited for us to leave his awning.

Jack grabbed my hand, his fingers entwining with mine. I wanted our legs to entwine like that, and together we hurried along the beach to begin our time as man and wife.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 7

I could hear him snoring gently in the bedroom through the open window. His breathing was slow and even, the soft rumbles of his sleep soothing. I sat with my feet curled up under me on the wicker porch chair looking out at the rolling waves and listening to my husband sleep.

I found myself smiling. I had this wonderful serene sense of calm and perfection. I could get used to this marriage thing. The world finally felt perfect. I knew it was all a lie, that in two days I would leave the ocean and this marriage would just be another page in my scrapbook, but today, I didn't care. Today was perfect.

Last night had been amazing. Yesterday had been amazing. I still couldn't believe I was a married woman, if only for a little bit. Jack had taken me back to my cabana and showed me what a husband should do for his wife. Thinking about the pleasure his hands and tongue could create made my temperature rise.

This sense of happiness held a danger though. I was falling for him - falling for him hard. He was wonderful, sexy, and could make me laugh. He was my perfect man,... and I was going to have to leave him forever in three days. I wanted more of him and I had a sinking feeling that I always would. This love was like our marriage-a happy illusion.

A gull flew overhead, squawking loudly about a lost supper as he searched for more. The ocean was almost green today with clouds blocking the brightness of the sun. The sky threatened rain in the evening, but for now, the world was hot and sticky. It made everything more dreamlike. I closed my eyes and listened to ocean, feeling the warm breeze glide across my skin and ruffle my sundress.

The front door creaked and I kept my eyes shut, lost in my happy moment. "Good morning."

"Good morning to you too, sleepy head," I said with a grin. I opened my eyes and wanted to gasp. Jack stood admiring the view, and I couldn't help but admire mine. He stood wearing only a pair of blue swim trunks, bare-chested and hair still rumpled from sleep. He stretched and my eyes followed the play of muscles down his chest and abs, feeling my insides go mushy.

"I haven't slept like that in years." Jack ran a hand through his perfect bedhead hair. I wanted to put my fingers in it again, to pull his face close to mine and kiss him thoroughly. "What did you do to me?"

"Just my wifely duties," I said, stretching my legs out from under me. Jack's eyes followed my legs with obvious interest. His hand dropped from his sandy hair and he grinned as his eyes met mine. I stood up slowly, feeling stiff. I was sore all over, but in a good way. My body had never seen this much sex, let alone this much good sex. Muscles I didn't even know I had were letting me know I was using them. It was great.

"I thought I would go for a morning swim before breakfast. You interested?" The glimmer in his eye made me hope there was more than swimming. Those muscles needed more exercise.

"Breakfast was a couple of hours ago, Sleepy Head, but I'll join you for one before lunch," I quipped. I stood and rose to my toes, giving him a quick peck before turning to change into my swim suit

"Hold it right there, Beautiful," Jack growled catching my arm and pulling me back to him. He leaned down and pressed his soft lips against mine, flooding my brain with sensation and desire. When he finally released me from his kiss, I staggered to the door gasping for breath.

"How do you kiss so good?" I asked as I opened the door. He grinned cockily at me. I hurried in and found a dry suit, a bright pink bikini that I never thought I would actually wear. I had bought it because I loved the color, but today I felt like I could wear it. Jack would love it.

Jack whistled as I stepped out. He was off the steps in the sand, looking up as I came out on the porch. The bikini felt tiny and exposing, but the way it made Jack's eyes light up took away any self-consciousness that I had. Jack liked it and that was all that mattered.

Jack's hand felt warm in mine, his fingers grasping mine tightly as we headed towards the green waves. Jack walked into the water as though it wasn't there. He sloshed effortlessly through the waves, pulling me along behind him. The water was cool, but it felt good after the tropical heat.

Jack dived under the water, releasing my hand. I stood still, letting the waves bump against me in the waist high water as I waited patiently for him to surface. A moment passed, and then another, and he didn't surface. A thread of worry began to creep into my chest as I turned in the water, searching for him.

Something grabbed my ankle and pulled me under. I yelped and felt salt water pour into my open mouth as my head dipped beneath the surface. I scrambled to the surface, spitting out the salty water. Jack rose laughing, water sluicing off his muscles and catching the light as I wiped the water out of my eyes.

"Gotcha."

I turned in an instant and tackled him, my arms wrapping around his solid middle and throwing all my weight into his hips. This time I was the one prepared to go under and he wasn't. Jack came up spluttering and laughing as he pulled me close to him. He held me effortlessly against him, our faces just above the surface and almost touching as he knelt in the water.

"You trying to drown me?" His voice had a thrilling gruffness to it.

"You started it," I whispered. His fingers splayed against my back, pushing my chest into his. He felt so solid and warm in the water. I wrapped my legs around him, feeling his excitement growing.

His mouth covered mine, his lips soft and wet with the ocean. The salt water flavored his kisses, giving him a new taste that I could never hope to get enough of. I licked my lips, tasting his salt water kisses. This is what heaven was like.

He pulled me closer, our skin pressing together so that not even a single drop of water could fit between us. He was so warm and strong, my insides melting with fresh want. I would have taken him right there. I would have let him fill me and let my body sing his praise, but an old married couple was walking down the beach.

I bit my lip as I watched them walk slowly past us, and Jack made a deep masculine noise of appreciation before kissing the offended lip. "I think we should head back in and rinse off before lunch, what do you think?"

I arched my h*ps into his, feeling a growing hardness that made my body ache with desire. I nodded and grinned as I unhooked my legs and stood. He stood behind me, using me as his shield against the eyes of the beach walking couple once we reached shallow water.

We scurried across the sand back to our little cottage. As we got close to the front steps, he lunged ahead, grabbing my hand and pulling in. He didn't stop at the front door, or at the bedroom, but kept pulling me in until reaching the shower. Jack turned on the water, grinning as he turned to face me.

The room quickly filled with mist from the hot water, swirling around us and fogging the mirror. Jack stepped closer, reaching up to untie the string of my top. His fingers were so gentle, so light, that all I could feel was the string give way and the wet swim suit sag. His pupils dilated and then focused as I reached behind myself and undid the bottom string, the top falling off my body.

Jack licked his lips in an unconscious gesture of desire, before sliding one finger along my collar bone. It was so gentle, it felt more like a soft breeze, but my ni**les beaded and begged to be touched. A low growl of want escaped Jack, and he slowly glided his finger down the swell of my breast. I gasped as he pinched the nipple softly, sending just enough pain but far more pleasure through my system.

Jack dipped his head down, sliding his lips along my temple and down to my throat. His hands explored my exposed skin, sending shivers of delight as he caressed. His strong hands cupped my br**sts, playing with their weight as he kissed the curve of my neck. His pecs were strong and warm beneath my hands, his skin smooth as I felt his chest.

Jack's hands slid down to my hips, his fingers picking up the wet fabric of my bikini bottoms before sliding them down my legs. He went to his knees as he pulled the fabric off, kissing my bellybutton as he ran his hands up and down my legs.

He sat back on his knees, admiring the view. I felt a blush creep over my cheeks and I covered my br**sts with my arm. Jack grabbed my hand, exposing me to him.

"God, you are beautiful."

He leaned forward and kissed my belly, his hands warm on my hips. His kisses were soft and gentle, like heavenly butterfly wings against my skin. A hand left my hip, tracing the line where my leg met my body until he came to the front. Jack looked up, his eyes bright and shining with desire as he dragged his finger along the line down my middle.

A deep noise of male appreciation escaped from him as he found I was ready for him. He grinned up at me, watching my reaction as he slowly traced a finger over me, teasing me with what he could do.

"Please," I gasped, every nerve on fire with want. He kissed my stomach again and slid between my folds, searching for my center. I moaned as he entered, gliding a second finger with the first and finding a sensual rhythm. His thumb moved to my pleasure center, rubbing slow circles as he rocked his hand in and out.

My body tightened as excitement thrummed through my veins. I could feel my temperature rising, the need for release building with every thrust of his fingers. I looked down to see only Jack's eyes. They shone with a desire to please, a love that had not yet been spoken. My body came, releasing the tension in a wave of pleasure that made me cry out. My vision blurred and for a moment I couldn't tell which direction was up or down.

I was still shuddering, lost in bliss as I heard the condom wrapper open. In the space of a breath he was before me, hard and thick between my legs. I spread my legs and he pushed inside, joining the two of us into one.

My back arched and I felt a second wave of pleasure course through me, my body tightening down on his. When the aching joy finally slowed enough to allow me to open my eyes, all I could see was the warm brown of Jack's. They were dark and fierce and filled with a need I wanted to satisfy.

He moved within me, pushing me back against the marble sink. It was a welcome cold compared to the steam filling the bathroom. I wrapped my legs around him, drawing him further into me as he grabbed the sink for leverage. Echoes of gasps and groans reverberated off the tile walls as his speed increased.

My spine felt like fire, our body heat combining with the steam to make everything slick. Jack's strokes were strong and sure, sending me into a happy oblivion. His breath was ragged in my ear, his need about to consume him. I felt him suddenly shudder, his body tightening and relaxing at the same time as he found release. My h*ps rocked hard into him, both of us gasping for breath before crumpling to the floor.

Our legs tangled together, arms wrapped in circles around one another. Jack drew back, still panting with exertion as he brushed a strand of hair behind my ear. His smile lit up my world, his body trembling and strong against mine.

I wanted to tell him I loved him. I wanted to tell him that he made my heart flutter and my body sing, but I couldn't find the courage. It wasn't fair to tell him, knowing that we could never be together. Big city and middle of nowhere don't go together for long.

"I think the water is ready," he murmured, his voice husky. The steam from the shower was nearly opaque at this point, but I didn't want to let him go yet. He made no move to untangle himself, our bodies still entwined on the cool tile floor. After a wonderful moment of eternity, we both loosened our limbs around the other.

Jack offered his hand, pulling me up easily from the floor. He didn't release it though, as he turned to the shower and stepped inside. I followed him into the spray of hot water and smiled. He hummed softly as he rinsed his hair, never releasing my hand. I stepped under the hot spray, letting it rinse the salt and sweat. The hot water coursed down the two of us as he leaned down and kissed me. His kiss still had a soft saltwater tang, and I smiled and leaned into him for more.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 8

"Have you seen my black swimsuit?"

"You already packed it. It's in the front pouch of your suitcase."

"Thanks," I said with a flustered grin as I put the now dry pink suit in with the black one. Jack sat on the bed, watching me bounce around the bedroom picking things up and putting them in my suitcase. "When does your flight leave again?"

Jack sighed and shifted his weight on the foot of the bed. "It technically leaves whenever I am ready, but, I have to be back in New York by the close of business, so I need to leave in about fifteen minutes."

"I wish you didn't have to go until evening," I said quietly as I put the last couple of items in my main suitcase. What I really meant was, I wish you didn't have to leave me at all.

"Me too, but planes can only fly so fast," Jack answered. He shifted his weight again.

"Anxious to be off?" I asked, nodding at his tapping toes. He couldn't seem to sit still. He looked down at his feet and saw his toes tapping against his sandals.

"It's a good thing I wear covered toe shoes at work," he murmured glaring at the offending foot. The toes stopped tapping. "I need to tell you something."

I played with the zipper on my suitcase for a moment before standing. I had a feeling something like this was going to happen. We had been far too happy, this vacation too perfect for it to not have some hidden secret. I had been watching him all morning and knew he was fighting with a decision. I could tell from the way his jaw clenched tight or the fact he ordered plain black coffee that he was nervous about something. We had only been together for less than a week, but I could read his subtle tells like I had known him my whole life.

"The secretary you came with... she's actually your wife, right?" I said straightening up to face him. I had been running scenarios of what he was going to say all morning. That was the most plausible one I could come up with. There were others, but asking him if he was a spy for the American government seemed a bit much.

Jack barked a short laugh. "No, not by a long-shot." His face darkened, and he stood up and took my hands in his. "I haven't been completely honest with you about what I do. I'm the new CEO of DS Oil and Gas."

I snorted. That was not one of the many scenarios I had concocted. "I knew you had money, Jack, but a billionaire? Be serious."

"I am serious. My father is the founder and owner of DS Oil and Gas. This is my last vacation before going back to take over the company. When my father steps down, I'll be in charge of the company." His eyes were dark and pleading. I could feel my brow furrowing as I shook my head and took my hands out of his.

"DS Oil and Gas? What are you talking about Jack?"

"I love that you don't know that. Here," he said pulling out his phone and pulling up a video. He placed it in my hands as the screen loaded. It was a commercial I had seen a thousand times, played on all the TV shows my parent's watched. The jingle was one of those stupid songs that had the instant ability to stay stuck in my head for days. DS Oil and Gas... It's a blast! On the last frame an attractive teenage boy came and stood by a distinguished older gentleman looking at an oil well. It was very obviously the teenage version of Jack with a man who could only be his father.

Jack gingerly took the phone from my shaking fingers when the video ended. "The video is a little old, but it's the one everyone knows. DS stands for Daniel Saunders, my father."

I looked up at him, confused. He reached out and gently pushed my chin closed; I hadn't realized it was hanging open. "I don't know what to say. I had no idea that was you."

"I think that's why I like you so much. You never saw me as a meal ticket or anything other than another human being. You didn't see a billionaire playboy, you saw a normal person. I can't tell you how much that means to me."

My hand went to my throat, feeling the cool silver dolphin charm. "That's why you didn't hesitate to buy this, and why you didn't want any pictures at the wedding. If you're a billionaire, then you're famous too, right?"

"I never meant to lie to you Emma. I loved the way you looked at me. I loved your honesty and how genuinely wonderful you were without knowing who I was. I'm surrounded by fake people who only want my money every moment of every day, but you, you were different. I wanted to tell you, but I was terrified you would look at me like they do."

"So you're a billionaire who spent his last vacation with a dirt-poor girl in a free hotel room," I said slowly. I moved away from him and sat down on the foot of the bed. My thoughts were racing, and every time I thought I caught one, it would slip through my fingers and speed off before I had time to process it.

"This was more than I could ever ask for," he said quietly. Jack knelt before me on the floor, his hands resting on my knees. His dark eyebrows bunched together, his face full of worry and regret.

"So what happens now?"

Jack took a deep breath. "Nothing has changed. We both knew we were going to go our separate ways. We both said we would never tell anyone about this. It's our secret, something that no one can ever take away from us. I didn't want you to pick up a magazine and find out who I was that way."

I nodded and bit my lip. I could feel tears forming and I struggled to make them stay behind my eyes. I wanted to ask him if I was merely a good time for him, or if he ached for me the way I ached for him. I was afraid it was a fling. That's all it could ever be. "I still don't want you to go, money or no money. I think I would have preferred the 'secretary is your wife' scenario. At least that way I would have known I could never have you again."

Jack smiled softly and brushed my lips with his. "I want to do something for you. If there is ever anything I can do for you, I want you to let me know. A new car perhaps?" He held a finger against my lips as I started to shake my head. "It will cost me almost nothing, but it will help you enormously. I want to see you happy Emma, and if I can help, I want to."

"I'll think about it."

"Please do. It would make me very happy to see you succeed," Jack said softly. He placed a card in my hand with a number scrawled in black ink on the back. I stuffed it into my pocket and tried to blink tears out of my eyes. I wanted to pull him into me, to make this moment not our last. I was far more attached to him than I had hoped to be.

A loud knock came at the door and Jack closed his eyes for a moment before standing. He turned silently as a second knock rapped louder. The tears escaped my eyes and trickled down my face as I stood up to follow him, grabbing his hand as he headed towards the door.

Outside a man in a black tuxedo stood waiting on the porch. Jack opened the door and nodded to him before turning back to me. His eyes were wet as his thumbs smeared the tears off my cheek. He then traced his thumb across my lower lip before taking my chin in his hand and pulling me into a kiss. I could taste the salt of my tears-salty like the ocean-as I kissed him one last time.

"This was the best vacation I'll ever have. Thank you Emma," he said softly, his eyes full of a sadness I understood too well. He started to say something more, but stopped, swallowing his words. I knew what he wanted to say because I wanted to say it out loud too-I love you-but it hurt too much even to think about saying it. If spoken, the pain of leaving would only be worse. This was a fling. A vacation from our lives, nothing more.

He stepped out into the bright sunshine and then my one-time husband closed the door carefully behind. I felt a piece of my heart go with him as I heard his car drive away.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 9

I leaned back in my seat, wondering how my life could have changed so much and yet not changed at all. Everything felt different since I met Jack, but everything was still the same. I was going back to my normal, boring, life and in a few hours this vacation would be nothing but a memory.

A stylish blonde woman sat next to me with headphones jammed in her ears. I sighed and didn't bother trying to introduce myself again. She had plugged her ears the moment she sat down. Besides, what would I say? Hi! How was your vacation? I had a great time on the island. I married a billionaire! The idea made me giggle a little as she pulled out a magazine.

On the cover was a black and white photo of Jack with the tag line: Billionaire Bachelors. Seeing him took my breath away and made my insides ache. I missed him and my plane wasn't even back in the states yet. The woman flipped to the article, Jack's eyes catching me from the page. I wished I could take the magazine and hold him close to me again. I didn't expect to miss him like this. The woman gave me a dirty look for reading over her shoulder and angled the magazine away from me, flipping to a new story about a basketball star's lavish wedding.

I sighed and looked out the window. Who would ever believe that shy, cautious Emma would marry, let alone marry a billionaire on vacation? I put my own headphones on and tried to settle into the chair. It was going to be a long flight home and the ache in my heart wasn't going to speed things up. Maybe if I fell asleep, I thought.

I felt the plane bank slightly as I drifted off, Jack's smile filling my dreams. Time to go home.

***

The plane landed with an unceremonious thunk, waking me from my sleep. The captain droned on about the freezing temperatures outside and the local time, but I barely listened. The world outside the window was a frosted gray. It was snowing, providing the perfect contrast of real life to my vacation. Time to get back to reality.

I turned my phone on and sent a quick message to my friend Ashley to let her know I had landed before putting it back in my pocket and heading off the plane. My suitcase rattled behind me, as I followed a mom trying to convince her two young sons that they should put on their coats. She sounded so much like my mother that I couldn't help but smile and make sure my own hat and coat were on.

I was paying more attention to the mother's frazzled explanations about the weather than my surroundings when she fell silent as they stepped onto the moving stairs down towards baggage claim. I followed her gaze and felt my jaw drop. The normally empty greeting area at the base of the escalator was crowded with people and cameras.

"Mom, are those Pizzerias?" One of the kids asked.

"You mean 'paparazzi', and I think so. I have no idea why though. Somebody famous must be coming to town," she answered, smoothing the young boy's hair down as a flash went off.

"What if it's Goliath the Fighting Machine?" the younger son asked excitedly, turning to face his mom.

"Maybe it is. We'll check the paper when we get home. Watch your step and, Jimmy, put your coat on," the mother coaxed as the three of them stepped off the escalator. I wondered who all the fuss was about, but the photographers kept watching the stairs and taking random pictures as passengers emptied off their planes.

I was almost to the door by the baggage carousel when one of the paparazzi turned excitedly and snapped my picture. Small bright stars filled my vision from the flash, and I stumbled forward towards the door. I turned to yell at the photographer, but suddenly every photographer there seemed to be heading my way. Instinct took over and a sudden need to get out overpowered me. I wheeled to escape out the door, but two large cameras blocked my exit path.

I could see Ashley's car waiting outside the glass doors, so I lunged forward, trying to avoid the cameras suddenly appearing in front of me. Fighting through the crowd, someone pulled my hair, and I felt a pocket on my jacket rip and give way. It was hard to breathe in the mass of electronics and people, but I finally managed to escape out the automatic doors.

I threw my suitcase in the backseat of Ashley's car and jumped in the passenger seat, a wave of cameras following me out the door. Seeing the wall of people headed out the door towards her car, Ashley gunned the gas as soon as I was sitting, escaping out of the small airport.

"What the hell is going on?" I shouted, looking at my torn coat. I slammed the seat-belt in the lock and turned to Ashley. "Thanks for getting me out of there. Those people are crazy!"

Ashley grinned and tossed me a magazine. It was one of the trashy ones called The Press that she always picked up whenever she went grocery shopping. On the front cover was a picture of my wedding. Jack's arms were wrapped around me as he kissed me under the white awning with the headline "EXCLUSIVE!" plastered across the cover in garish red. I felt my jaw drop again. At this rate, I was going to end up with a bruise on my chest.

"They're here for you, Mrs. Saunders. I wouldn't have believed it myself if I hadn't seen the pictures. Cute dress by the way," Ashley said nonchalantly as she headed towards the highway. I looked at the picture again. It was incredibly sensual, but sweet, the way a real marriage kiss should look. "Your phone's going off by the way."

I pulled my phone out of my pocket. The ancient thing was shaking angrily as it counted up missed messages. The number rolled into over 100 missed calls with just as many voice mails, and the darn thing was still shaking as it counted. I stuffed it back into my pocket and looked at Ashley like she had something to do with it.

"I can't believe you really did it! You have to tell me all about it!" she squealed as she veered around a car going too slow for her taste. I couldn't find words and stared at the magazine. She laughed at the expression on my face and tapped her hand on the glossy cover. "Go on read it. It's today's issue. Tell me if it is all true! I can't believe you bagged Jack Saunders. Way to go Emma!" Ashley grinned at me as she turned onto the highway. The car felt suddenly hot with me bundled in my jacket and the heater on full blast, but I had a feeling it had more to do with the adrenaline and shock moving through my system. This was not what I had expected to come home to.

I opened up the magazine and flipped to the article, reading it aloud. "Playboy billionaire Jack Saunders married a homegrown girl from Iowa during his vacation to the exclusive Ocean Blue Resort on Ocean Key Island. Not much is known about this small town beauty, other than her name is Emma LaRue and she currently works as a veterinarian." I stopped and looked over at Ashley. "I don't know if you know this, but I'm not a vet."

Ashley smacked my arm with her hand and then waved it so I would continue reading. "These exclusive photos show the happy couple very much in love. Sorry ladies, this 'Prince Charming' is now off the market!"

"So, is it true?" Ashley asked excitedly as I flipped through the photos. They looked like they had been taken by someone hiding behind a bush near the wedding site. I couldn't believe how happy we both looked. The car swerved a little as she turned with an excited grin to point at the pictures.

"Eyes on the road! Well, it's sort of true. It was kind of an impulse thing. It isn't legal or anything. No one was supposed to know."

Ashley squealed with excitement and the car swerved a little again. I resisted the urge to grab the door frame and instead glared at her.

"But it really was Jack Saunders? That really is you?"

I nodded and she started jumping up and down in her seat and giggling with excitement.

"Eyes on the road, Ashley!" I yelled as the car swerved with every giggle.

"Is he as handsome in real life as he is in the pictures? Did you go out on his yacht? What parties did you go to?"

"I hate to disappoint you, but we mostly sat on the beach and talked," I said. And he kisses like heaven and can turn my body to happy mush in 3.5 seconds. "I actually didn't even know who he was until the last day."

"What!? You didn't recognize the most eligible billionaire bachelor? The prince that all Cinderellas are waiting for? And all you did was sit on a beach? No yacht? Are you serious?" The car swerved again.

"Road, Ashley. And no, I didn't recognize him. I don't read this stuff like you do," I said, holding up the magazine. "I knew he had money, but he seemed like a normal guy."

"Normal? Emma, honey, he is so much more than normal." She looked over at me like I had said that chocolate was the most disgusting food on the planet. I sighed.

"You want to tell me all about him, don't you?"

"Well, despite marrying the guy, you obviously know nothing about him." Ashley veered around an SUV and shrugged apologetically at the driver as we zoomed past.

"Okay. Tell me."

"The Press calls him 'The Prince'. He is the son of a super wealthy oil prospector and is set to inherit the billions that is DS Oil and Gas, as well as a bunch of other little companies his father invested in. He tries to keep a low profile, but he is considered a bit of a playboy. There is always a different model on his arm for every society function. Not a whole lot is known about him, other than his good looks, boyish charm, and that he is practically made of money. Oh, and that he loves hamburgers."

"Hamburgers, huh? I'll keep that in mind."

I stared down at the magazine in my hands. The photo was obviously taken from a distance, but it captured our kiss. I felt the ache in my chest threatening to consume me, but I couldn't look away from the photograph. I didn't see a man with wealth. I only saw Jack. I traced my finger along the curve of his cheek, remembering the warmth of his skin.

"Rumor is his dad is sick. He wasn't supposed to take over the company until after his 31st birthday, but as you probably know, he is barely 29 and everything is going into motion to make him CEO."

"He didn't mention his dad. He said this was his last vacation before having to take over," I said quietly, my eyes glued to his photograph.

"Well, yeah. It is kind of a big deal, Emma. He has his work cut out for him. This transition wasn't supposed to take place for almost another 2 years and things are kind of a mess," Ashley said as she veered around another car. She launched into business degree mode, the passion in her life other than tabloids and reality TV. The words sounded English, but I gave up trying to understand after the word "fiscal". She had plenty to say on the subject, and I let her jabber on how difficult this particular transition was going to be while I stared at the glossy magazine pages.

"Whoa! I think somebody is at your apartment. You want to come stay at my place? Talk some more?" Ashley slowed to a stop in front of my building. Three black SUVs with tinted windows stood collecting snow in the visitor parking. I bit my lip and played with the ripped pocket on my coat. I didn't want another run in with the press like at the airport, but I didn't see much of a choice.

"I don't have anything but my suitcase full of bathing suits," I said slowly as a gust of wind flung snow at the windshield. "I'll be fine. Besides, my landlord loves calling the cops. If she gets the chance to throw somebody out, it'll make her week. Thanks for the ride though," I said, zipping my jacket up under my chin like a suit of armor.

"Okay, but if you need anything, you call. Hey, Emma,..." Ashley eyed the SUVs and then turned and gave me a hug. "Be careful okay? I know I sound all excited that you married a billionaire, but he is known as a playboy. He is responsible for a lot of broken hearts. I don't want you to get hurt."

"Aw, Ashley. Thanks. I think I'll be okay though. This was only supposed to be a vacation fling anyway. I'm sure it will all blow over in a couple of days." I gave her an extra squeeze and then pulled the collar of my jacket up to brave the cold.

"Lunch tomorrow?" Ashley asked as I prepared myself to open the door into the freezing storm.

"I have work, but what about drinks after? I'll tell you all about my trip."

Ashley beamed. "It's a date."

I fought to open the car door, the snow and ice blowing angrily around the heat of the car. I grabbed my bag and lugged it up the front steps, tucking my head like a turtle into the collar of my coat. The keys were freezing in my bare hands, but I opened the door and stepped inside, turning to wave at Ashley. No reporters yet at least.

Ashley waved back and slowly pulled out of the lot and off towards her house once she saw the front door unlock. A huge man in a black suit stood at the entrance to the hallway, but he made no move to stop me or take my picture, so I ignored him. The hall to my door seemed lonelier than usual, but my hands were too cold for me to care. I fumbled with the keys again and pushed open the door to my apartment, ready for a hot shower and some food.

Saltwater Kisses: Chapter 10

"You made good time," an attractive woman said as I walked in the door. She stood gracefully, a fitted pinstripe suit accenting her tall frame. Her dark hair was pulled back into a tight bun, her stylish square glasses accentuating her jaw line. The door swung on its hinges behind me as I forgot to close it. The suitcase clattered to the floor and I stood there facing at the official looking woman in my living room.

"Who are you? How did you get in here? And what the hell is going on?" I wanted to scream. I wanted to run into my bedroom and lock the door. I was jet lagged and travel weary, and my head was still spinning from the airport; a stranger in my locked apartment was not something I wanted to deal with right now.

"My name is Rachel Weber. I'm Jack Saunders' personal assistant. Your landlord, Mrs. Jenkins, let me in. She was very nice, though very eager to tell me she would call the police if there was any trouble. What 'the hell' is going on is that I am here to bring you to New York." She said it as though it were all very simple and straightforward. I could feel my jaw hanging open again.

"You work for Jack?" Saying his name seemed to invoke some courage within me.

"Yes. He sent me here to come get you." Rachel smiled, looking professional and calm. I, on the other hand, felt like a nervous wreck.

"I'm afraid I don't understand," I said slowly. Rachel guided me onto the threadbare couch. It looked very drab compared to her nice suit, but I collapsed into the chair anyway.

"Due to the publicity surrounding your 'wedding', the Saunders family would like you to come out to New York until the dust has settled. Mr. Saunders sent me to personally escort you."

"But I can't go to New York. I have work tomorrow," I said. Rachel patted my knee gently.

"That has already been taken care of. Your employer was very understanding."

"But how will I make rent? I can't go. I don't have enough saved up and-" Rachel cut off my panicked sentence, her voice full of patience.

"You will be compensated for your time. Besides, you are now the wife of a billionaire. I'm afraid this is non-negotiable."

My mouth hung open for a moment as I took in what she was saying. I was going to have to leave again, but I was going to get to see Jack! A thrill went through me at the idea of seeing him again, followed quickly by a burst of fear. We had said our goodbyes. He had fallen for vacation me and I was now back to regular me.

"Oh. I guess I should go pack then," I said, standing. I wanted to go into my room and pretend to put things in a suitcase to give myself a moment to think. The world was spinning too quickly and I needed a minute to catch up.

"That won't be necessary. I have already packed your bags with clothing I deemed appropriate," Rachel said matter-of-factly. She inclined her head toward a small handbag by the door. It was only about the size of a plastic grocery bag. "The rest of your attire will be purchased for you in New York."

"I guess that's one way to avoid baggage fees," I murmured looking at the small bag. I sat down again, overwhelmed. This was a lot to come back to after a long flight and the way things were looking, I had more travel time in my future. "Are you the secretary that went on vacation with him?" I asked, my brain skipping like a stone on water. I could barely keep two thoughts from running into one another.

Rachel's dark brows pinched with disgust. "No. That was his secretary, Brandi. I'm his personal assistant." She made sure to enunciate the words as though there were a very clear difference and that a personal assistant was much more important.

"Oh. Are you sure I have to go to New York?" I asked, suddenly feeling very nervous and tired. As much as I wanted to see Jack again, the idea of New York City was a bit terrifying. I really wanted to sleep for a little bit. This was all happening so fast. Rachel looked at me as though she were waiting for a child to realize that her parent's decision was final.

"Yes. Here, Mr. Saunders asked me to give this to you. He said he promised you a copy," Rachel said, handing me an envelope. I opened it carefully to find a 4x6 photograph. It was the wedding photo he had taken on his phone. I looked so happy, and he was so handsome. It was much better than all the tabloid photos. I touched his face and could almost feel his strong arms around me. For a brief moment, the joy of that moment surrounded me. I could do this. I could do this for him. I turned to Rachel and smiled, drawing strength from the photograph.

"When do we leave?"

Thank you for reading the first ten chapters of Saltwater Kisses!

If you enjoyed this part of the story, you might want to read the rest of the story.

Saltwater Kisses: A Billionaire Love Story

When small-town girl Emma LaRue won a vacation to an exclusive tropical island, a last minute cancellation meant she would be going by herself. Shy and studious, she never had time to fall in love, and often wondered if she was just meant to be alone. However, that all changed when a handsome stranger literally walked into her life while on the beach and sparks began to fly.

New York's most eligible billionaire bachelor Jack Saunders thought this vacation would be the perfect escape, one last hurrah, before taking full control of his father's company. When an innocent Emma didn't recognize him, he figured that he might get a chance to have a vacation from being rich. He didn't tell her about the cars, the yacht, or the penthouse. All he did was let her fall in love with him.

Soon, Jack found that he was the one falling in love with Emma. When they enjoy a fantasy marriage ceremony on the beach, they thought it was a bit of harmless fun before returning to their normal lives. A bittersweet goodbye was supposed to be the end of their perfect vacation romance, but when photos of the ceremony were leaked to the press, everything changed.

Feeling lied to and thrust into a world of wealth and privilege, Emma must choose between following her dreams or following her heart. Will she be content at being nothing more than the billionaire's wife, or will she return to her normal life with only memories of saltwater kisses?

Owen

Will Owen ever find the girl of his dreams?

Rainwater Kisses: A Billionaire Love Story

The older sister of Emma LaRue wasn't looking for love. In fact, the last thing Kaylee LaRue thought as she attended her sister's Caribbean wedding was that she would meet a man as confident as Owen Parker. The suave businessman oozed charm, and when that charm was directed at Kaylee, it gave her pause. She couldn't be sure if the man was actually interested in her or just interested in a good time.

In reality, Owen Parker had never met anyone like Kaylee LaRue. The quiet girl from Iowa made him forget to breathe the first time he saw her. When he tried to work his magic, her wit proved to be a match for his, and his charms had no effect. He knew what it looked like- she probably thought that he wanted to have a vacation tryst with her just as Jack Saunders had with Emma. Nothing could be farther from the truth.

Kaylee tried hard not to yield to his advances, but their last night in the Caribbean was simply magical. After a passionate night spent in the arms of Owen, Kaylee ruefully observed that there was no fake wedding to keep the two of them together. As she flew home, she thought it'd be back to the same old life for her. She never expected Owen to show up at her door.

However, this small town girl wasn't sure she was ready to change for this city boy. When Kaylee tried to fit into Owen's world, everything came crashing down. In the blink of an eye, what seemed like a strong foundation suddenly found itself built on a pillar of sand. Would their relationship blossom like Jack and Emma's, or would the two of them forever be haunted by the memories of rainwater kisses?

We had just passed by the hot dog stand again when a crack of thunder made me jump. Owen laughed and pulled me close to him, draping his arm around my shoulder. I smiled up at him and felt something wet land on my cheek. I touched it with my fingertips, confused for a moment until a second heavy drop landed square on my nose. Owen and I looked right at one another with realization that it was raining just as the down pour started.

It was as if someone had turned on the shower faucet, the rain starting quicker than either of us could have expected. We ran for the nearest trees, but their bare branches offered no protection from the sudden deluge. I shivered, the two of us already completely soaked by the sudden microburst. Owen quickly shrugged out of his jacket and wrapped it around my shoulders, the satin inside still warm from his body.

I reached up, wrapping my hand around the back of his neck and pulling him down for a kiss. Our lips met, the taste of the rain on his lips. I parted my lips and slipped my tongue inside of his mouth, which was so warm and inviting. His hand tangled itself in my wet hair and pulling me closer to him. Our bodies pressed together, the heat of his chest defying the cold of the rain.

We stood there, kissing in the rain as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Raindrops pounded against the pavement, splattering against windows and shaking the baby leaves on the trees. I was enjoying the taste of rainwater kisses too much to stop.

Rachel and Dean

Will Rachel ever find love? What happened between her and Dean?

Champagne Kisses: A Timeless Love Story

In the summer of 1990, Rachel Weber spent a week down on the Florida coast, soaking up the sun's rays while she waited for her life to begin. It was there that she met Dean Sherman, a handsome, muscular soldier with crystal blue eyes. The two spent a week together full of champagne kisses that only ended when Operation Desert Storm forced Dean to choose between his duty and his love. He chose duty.

Twenty years later, Rachel figured it was just summer love, but she never forgot those eyes. As personal assistant to powerful billionaire Jack Saunders, she never expected Dean to walk into her office after being hired as Jack's personal bodyguard. Even though she had spent the last two decades trying to forget Dean, she found herself falling for him once again.

When fate forced both Rachel and Dean to choose yet again between love and duty, Rachel had to decide between the man she had always loved and the family that had become her life. She knew she couldn't have both, but she knew she wouldn't be happy with just one. Would she choose love, or be forever haunted by the memory of those Champagne Kisses?

I was shocked. "You're going to war? Why didn't you tell me?" I asked.

"Because this is a vacation. Because I didn't want to think about it. Because I thought that you wouldn't want to hang out with me if you thought of me as a trained killer instead of as a pretty face." He smiled, but it was an empty smile.

I laughed. "Don't be ridiculous. I never thought of you as a pretty face," I said. I started to laugh at my own joke, but I couldn't. Instead, I began to bawl openly, leaning into his shoulder. I didn't want him to go anywhere, and I certainly didn't want him to go to war.

Dean let me cry, stroking my hair gently. The fire began to go out in front of us, having consumed all the fuel that had been put into it. My heart felt the same way. In one week, I had known such intense highs that my heart had burned like a star, and now that it was starved of fuel, I felt it being extinguished.

I moved my head from Dean's shoulder. He tried to hide it as he wiped a tear away, but I knew. I looked at him. The dying light of the fire was just enough for me to see those crystal clear blue eyes. "Make love to me, Dean. Make love to me like this is the last night we'll ever spend together..."

Robbie

Will Jack's little brother, Robbie, ever catch up with the girl that slipped away so long ago?

Freshwater Kisses: A Billionaire Love Story

Everything in Samantha Conners' life seemed to be in a holding pattern. Her sailboat racing season had fallen through, and she was stuck in a dead end job that barely covered the bills. If it wasn't for the fact that her sister and niece were depending on her, she would have never been out on the water the day the billionaire's boat ran her over.

Robbie Saunders is convinced that he is the screw-up younger brother of billionaire Jack Saunders. One of his biggest rules was to never go out drunk on the water, but with the impending death of his father, he took the boat out after drinking to try and gain some clarity. Instead, he ran over Sam and barely managed to save her from drowning.

While the two had been childhood sweethearts, time and distance had made them into different people. When fate crashed them back together, Robbie finds the fiery young woman to be the person he needs to give him motivation and direction. For Sam, Robbie is growing into the man she always knew he could be. A love blossoms and grows.

But what fate can give, it can also take away. A storm during the biggest freshwater sailing race of Sam's career changes everything. Will Sam and Robbie find a way to overcome the storm, or will the two only have memories of freshwater kisses?

The ocean was as warm as bathwater. I surfaced, kicking water at him. He raised his arm to block the spray, but then roared and started swimming for me. I shrieked and swam away, kicking my legs and swinging my arms as he chased me through the warm waves.

Robbie was always the faster swimmer, and it was only a matter of minutes before he finally caught me by the aft of the ship. His hand wrapped around my ankle and he dunked me under with a swift downward pull. I shook my head free of the water as I emerged, opening my eyes to find him close enough to kiss. The moonlight caught the gleam in his eye as he pulled me closer to him, holding onto the boat to keep us both afloat.

"Kiss me," I said with just a hint of begging. I licked the salt from my lips. His mouth curved up into a smile and he tipped his head to the side, bringing his lips to mine. His tongue was salty with the ocean water as he tasted me, our lips dancing in the dark. Heat began to burn in my core. I didn't want to wait any longer. I wanted Robbie more than I wanted to breathe...

Noah and Izzy

Will Noah find a girl like Jack does?

Sandcastle Kisses: A Billionaire Love Story

When Isabel Baker agreed to moonlight as a bartender at a private party, she never imagined she'd get anything more than tips. However, on this resort island, nothing was ever that simple.

After tending bar with the deliciously handsome Noah who was flown in for the party, Izzy realized that she was about to break her number one rule: never fall for a tourist. But with his quick wit, charming smile and passion for marine life, Noah was the kind of guy that she couldn't resist. At the end of the night, she barely managed to turn him away from coming home with her.

Noah had only come to the island for one of Jack Saunders' famous parties. Yet once he met Izzy, he couldn't bring himself to leave. After one steamy night together, he knew that he would do almost anything to keep her.

Theirs should have been an easy love story, complete with a happily ever after. Except Noah was also moonlighting as a bartender that night and his true identity threatened Izzy's research. When his billion-dollar company and her marine research project collide, their entire relationship crumbles into the sand. Will they be able to rebuild their beautiful sandcastle together, or will it be washed away by the rising tide, forever just a memory?

"Did you know that my back porch has the best view on the island?" he asked quietly. I smiled. The man knew how to change a subject.

"Is that so?"

"Best view on the island." He crossed his arms with a smug smile.

"And you've been everywhere on the island to check this?"

Noah grinned, standing up and offering me his hand. I couldn't refuse the opportunity to touch him, so I took it and followed him out onto the back porch. He only let me go so that he could close the door behind us.

I leaned up against the railing, looking up at the moon. Her silver light reflected down on the ocean waves, turning their white tips bright. The sky was dark purple now, and the air was humid, dark, and full of promise.

"Yup, definitely the best view on the island," Noah whispered, making me turn. He wasn't looking at the night sky or the ocean. He was looking at me. It was slightly cheesy, but I enjoyed the compliment.

Noah moved forward, gathering me up in his arms. The masculine scent of his light cologne was exhilarating. His mouth slowly slanted to mine, sending small thrills up and down my spine. He went further, tasting me with his tongue like I was something to be savored. A low moan escaped my lips as he pulled me closer to him, his arms strong and demanding around me. His kiss was sweeter than heaven and hotter than hell.

I didn't want to fall for another tourist. You're not falling, I told myself. You're simply enjoying. I knew he was going to leave and I would be sad. But I would also be far more disappointed if I missed this. His kiss was insistent, intoxicating, and driving me insane. I wanted to melt into him and let him melt into me. I wanted to kiss every inch of his skin. Every inch.

I had never been so turned on by a kiss before. It was as if Noah knew everything I loved in a kiss and was delivering and then some. I had never felt this sort of connection with another human being before. I didn't want to get hurt, but I wasn't going to miss this either. Just one last tourist...

Logan

Will Logan acquire that travel concierge company and find the love of his life at the same time?

Hurricane Kisses: A Billionaire Love Story

Olivia Statler hates Logan Hayes. It's not the fact that he's an executive of a rival travel company, or the fact that he's trying to buy her company, or even the fact that he won't leave her alone. Two years ago, the two of them seemed to have something that was amazing and real, but Logan's ego got in the way.

When a new resort offers her an all-expense-paid trip to woo new clients, she figures that a working vacation is just what she needs. As the youngest CEO in the travel business, she's honored and flattered. However, she isn't the only executive that the resort invited. When Olivia sees the broad shoulders and blonde hair of Logan Hayes, her heart races. Half of it is raw sexual attraction, half of it is anger at what he did to her.

Logan is determined to reignite their past spark, but Olivia does everything possible to avoid him. However, a hurricane strikes and traps them on the island, making it impossible to ignore the changed man in front of her. Only a storm as powerful as their passion will show them love or hate. Can romance survive the storm - or will their hurricane kisses be swept away forever?

"Everything you hate was done by my father. I don't want your company." His brown eyes were flames, and my soul was the moth. I couldn't have escaped from his gaze if I had been blinded. He moved close enough that those eyes were all I could see. "I want you."

I blinked twice. That was not what I was expecting. His words startled and excited me, but before my brain could analyze and process them, his hand was around the back of my neck and his lips were on mine.

His mouth was hot and insistent as he pressed it against mine. I fought for a moment, but his grip was too strong and his kiss too sweet. It was a kiss I had craved for two years and had tried to convince myself I could do without. I wanted to give in to him completely, but I was still too angry to budge even an inch. Instead, I just stood there like a statue as he kissed me. I was furious and turned on beyond anything I could imagine. After a moment, he pulled back and searched my face.

"What was that for?" I surprised myself with the amount of venom in my voice. His kiss had sent want scorching down into the very marrow of my bones, but I needed someone to be angry with, and he was the closest person. He had hurt me. His eyebrows came together above those beautiful eyes. Hope fell as he saw something in my expression that disappointed him.

Without thinking, I put my hand on the back of his neck and pressed my mouth into his. He didn't hesitate, kissing me back with a need that matched my own. He pushed me up against the wall. Our tongues interlocked as we found the valve for the sexual tension that had been building between the two of us for the past two years. My body responded to his every touch with a fervor I couldn't contain. Didn't want to contain. I wanted it to consume us both...

Aiden

Will Logan's brother, Aiden, also find love? Will the fact that he hides his wealth be a positive, or will it lead to heartache when the woman he loves finds out?

Barefoot Kisses: A Billionaire Love Story

Lena Masterson was having a rough day.

Her coffee pot exploded, her favorite heel broke on the way to work, her computer died, and her coworker sabotaged her performance review that she should have aced. To top it all off, she had to stay late to fix someone else's mistake. So when she literally ran into a handsome stranger at work, she was fairly certain that it might actually be the worst day of her life. Instead, it was the start of something wonderful.

From the moment she nearly bowled the man over, she couldn't take her mind off of him. She didn't know anything about him, and could only assume that he was someone's assistant. Still, the encounter left her with new self-confidence. She made a move assertive enough to get the attention of her boss' boss, and be granted a new position as the personal paralegal of the head partner. This promotion soon led to an important trip to the Caribbean, where she saw a familiar face on the beach...

Everything seemed perfect when she was in Aiden's arms (other than her missing shoe), but he was holding something back. Worse, Lena was keeping a secret from him as well. She knew that she couldn't keep up her little white lie forever, but it turned out that Aiden's secret was much bigger. Much much much bigger. A billion times bigger, in fact. Even though he treated her like Cinderella at the ball, it was possible that the billionaire playboy just thought of her as one of his "flavors of the week". After saying goodbye with one last barefoot kiss and returning to the real world, there was a burning question on Lena's mind: Did this Prince Charming love her as much as she loved him?

He brushed hair from my face and back behind my ear. I loved that he did that. It made me feel cherished. "You are so beautiful."

I looked up, my guilt melted by the heat in his eyes. Want made his gaze burn and set my soul aflame. He kissed me again, this time slower and with more purpose. His tongue infused raw desire straight into my mouth. He reached for my shirt, lifting it easily up over my head.

I moaned his name against his kiss as the shirt cleared. "I thought we were fishing..." I murmured as his hands caressed the fabric of my swim top, my ni**les hardening and responding to his touch.

He nibbled on my shoulder, sending heat straight down my spine and to my core. "I can stop if you want..."

"No, no, no... don't stop," I gasped as he used put his mouth to the delicate skin of my neck and sucked. He smiled against my skin. I bit my lip and looked out across the water. There wasn't a soul for miles, but the idea of doing it out in broad daylight had a delicious naughtiness to it...

