I couldn't sleep. I had tried for what felt like hours, even though the clock said it was less. My eyes were tired, but even when I closed them, I felt no relief. Every position I lay just felt awkward. like my joints didn't fit right in my body. I finally gave in and just got up, thinking that maybe a hot shower would relax me enough to get some sleep tonight. I slipped out of bed, leaving my sleeping lover snoring softly tangled in satin sheets. I carefully closed the bathroom door before turning on the light, not wanting to wake Mr. King with the light.

The marble floor was cold to my feet, but as I turned on the water the room began to heat up from the steam. I put in my settings on the digital display, setting the three shower heads to a toasty pulsating spray with the steam function turned to high. I stepped into the warm water, enjoying the heat and feeling the moist air in my lungs.

The water tinkled softly into the drain, and I could feel my worries going with it; I took the moveable shower head off the wall and set the water to a heavy stream, putting it on my shoulders. The water massaged them, the heat and pressure forcing my neck and shoulders to unclench. I didn't even realize how tense they were until they started to loosen.

My job was stressful. It was a good kind of stress, and I really enjoyed the challenges of working for King Enterprises. Gregory King, the blonde boyish prince of hand-held security software, was a good boss. Demanding, controlling, and exacting, but only because he truly cared about his company. He insisted on perfection and I had to work hard every day to perform to his high expectations. It was a constant challenge to stay a step ahead of his desire, to make sure I had the information he was going to want, and problem solve to find solutions to any problem that arose.

I smiled, remembering the day the FBI cybercrime unit called Mr. King with the news they had arrested Cirrus, an angry ex-employee, for violating federal cybercrime laws. I had helped save the company from disaster and Mr. King had called me extraordinary that day. In public. The memory still made me glow with pride.

I moved the shower head to my other shoulder, letting the hot water melt away the tension. It wasn't his corporate side that I was in love with though. It was the side he showed outside the office, the side that only I got to see, that made my heart sputter in my chest. I spent most of my nights now at his mansion, enjoying his company. He found ways to satisfy my body, which let sleep come quickly to me when I was with him.

I was pretty sure I was in love with him, but I hadn't found the right time to tell him yet. I had a terrible fear that I would tell him how I felt, and he wouldn't feel the same. I wanted to hear him tell me he loved me, but I couldn't bear the thought of losing him. He was the center of my world, both privately and publicly. I couldn't afford to tell my boss that I loved him and risk losing my job if he didn't feel the same. I couldn't risk losing both my job and my heart. I needed him. His warmth at night kept away the nightmares, and I slept better knowing he was there. Just not tonight.

I moved the shower head off my skin for a moment, rolling my shoulders and working the lingering tightness. A naughty thought streaked through my head, and I considered moving the shower head between my legs, but a burst of cold air from the shower door opening caught me off guard.

"Can't sleep?" Gregory asked. He slid behind me, wrapping his arms around me, the water bouncing off both of us. His voice had just a hint of sleep still in it, but his body felt solid and strong. I nodded, leaning into him, holding the moveable shower head pointed towards my feet. He kissed my neck, and released me gently, picking up the bottle of shampoo. He poured it into his hands and then began working a rich lather into my hair. It felt so intimate having him wash my hair, his fingers tangled in my soapy tresses massaging my scalp. I moaned a little, leaning into his magical fingers.

"Careful, moaning like that might give a man ideas..." he whispered taking his hands out of my hair. I felt soapy fingers run down my back, and grab my ass. The soap added a new dimension, slippery and smooth as he worked his fingers into the muscle. I moaned again, and he moved his hands to my front, reaching around and grabbing my br**sts. The soap made his fingers slide easily across my firm skin as he played with them, pinching the ni**les and then fondling the curves. My body responded instantly to his touch; it felt like an ember deep inside of me was being stirred to life, like he was blowing gently on my coals to get a fire burning.

I turned around, kissing him deeply, He kept working the shampoo lather into every inch of my skin that he could touch, my body quickly getting slippery against his. He reached down and stole the shower head from my fingers, bringing it up to my hair. He carefully cupped my forehead with one hand and began rinsing the shampoo from my hair and doing his best to keep the soap from my eyes. The tenderness of his face, the gentleness of his hands, and the earnestness that bound it all together made me want to cry with happiness. I suddenly felt very loved and wanted.

I kissed him softly, our lips meeting sweetly. He lowered the shower head from my now clean hair and spun me around so my back pressed into his body, his arm wrapped tightly around my waist. He suddenly put the shower head between my legs, the hot pulsing water pounding into my clit. I cried out at the sudden onslaught of pleasure, grabbing the shower head with both hands.

He let me take the shower head and I maneuvered it into the perfect spot, the water pulsing across my cl*t and pouring down my legs, the fire inside of me quickly growing into an inferno. My whimpers of pleasure echoed off the shower walls, mixing with the hum of the water.

He started grinding into my ass, an erection quickly forming as I worked my pleasure center. His c**k was hard against me, his arms keeping me tight against him. The fire inside of me was threatening to explode out of me, only needing a final trigger. He positioned his dick at my opening, and slid into my wet pu**y easily.

The combination of hot water pulsing on my cl*t with his hot, hard c**k questing inside of me quickly made me reach my breaking point. I came hard, every muscle in my body clenching down and spasming, energy flowing through every fiber. I couldn't breath, my body was so wracked with pleasure. I could only stand their frozen, held standing only by Mr. King's strong arms, my world a kaleidoscope of heat, sensation, and pleasure.

I let the shower head fall, water spraying at an angle into the wall, Mr. King's c**k working its way in and out in a glorious pattern. I put my hands out in front of me onto the wall, giving him leverage as I stood up on my tip toes and leaned forward. He released my waist from his arms, and instead grabbed my h*ps with his strong hands. I could feel him watching himself dive into me, our wet skin making a satisfying slapping noise with every connection. Water poured down both of us, our bodies sliding together in the steamy shower. My body ached for him, wanting him.

He began to grunt softly and I knew it wouldn't be long before he came. I could feel him swelling inside of me, his urgency increasing. A small groan came from behind me as I felt him release inside of me. A primal happiness filled me as he coated my insides with his seed, his h*ps bucking into mine in his body's desperate attempt to completely fill me. I straightened up slowly as he finished, and then picked up the fallen shower head. He took it gently and placed it back in its holder, letting it spray down on us once again. I leaned into his shoulder as he wrapped his arms around me, protecting me from the water spray.

"Are you coming back to bed?" he murmured into my ear. I shrugged, unsure if I was going to be able to sleep. He held me closer, his arms tight around me. "I hope you do. I sleep better with you."

I closed my eyes, feeling his warmth surround me. It was such a simple statement, but it meant the world to me. I pulled back smiling to look up at him.

"Alright. I'll try and sleep." I kissed him, feeling the water splash around us. He held me close for a moment before stepping out of the shower. I hit the dial to turn off the water, the room suddenly quieter as I stepped out. He had a towel waiting for me, and he wrapped it around me enveloping me in its fluffy embrace. I smiled at him and he grinned sleepily back at me. I motioned him with my head towards the door as I picked up a brush to run through my hair.

I heard him climb into the big bed, and I followed quickly, slipping on an oversized t-shirt before diving under the covers. He had the sheets warmed up and was already half asleep again, but waiting for me to return. He wrapped me up in his arms, his heat soaking through the cooled sheets. It felt marvelous and I could feel my body relaxing enough that I might be able to sleep.

"Close your eyes, go to sleep," He whispered into my ear. I could hear his heart beating a lullaby, his breathing soothing as he drifted off into sleep. In a matter of moments, I followed and dreamed of only him.

***

"A Cinnamon dolce latte for the lovely lady," William the butler said as he placed the steaming to go mug on the breakfast table. I thanked him, sipping my sweet caffeinated nectar. Upon learning my weakness for flavored coffee, William surprised me with a new flavored latte every morning. Today's was especially delicious, the hot liquid waking me up nicely. I thanked him and hurried out to the car, sliding into the back seat with Mr. King. He had a grin on his face as he handed me an embossed card. It was high quality paper, with a small blue cloud design on the front and an account number on the back. I looked up at him quizzically as he began to explain.

"It's a new cloud storage company we just acquired. We are still working on some of the kinks, but it will be specifically for highly encrypted data or for people who want the convenience of cloud storage, but the security that only King Enterprises can provide." He sounded just like a salesman.

"So I can upload files from my computer, they are saved on this online storage system, and then I can access them from any device I want?" I asked as I played with the card.

"Basically. This one has some extra bells and whistles for security, but I thought you might like to try it out. Let me know what you think. The account is all set up for you, all you have to do is set the security on it."

I nodded and opened my laptop, balancing it on my knees as I started the log on process for the cloud storage. "Oh, remember that I have to go to my apartment tonight- my landlord called again about the mail." I told Mr. King.

"You know I can have someone pick that up for you." He looked at me over the top of his computer.

"Then what is the point of having the apartment if I never go there? I might as well just make your house my address then." The words were out of my mouth before I could think of the implications. Just because he had given me one of the closets for my things and I stayed there most nights didn't mean he wanted me to move in with him.

He didn't answer me and instead stared at his computer screen. I could tell he wanted to say something, but we were already at work and he was quickly shifting into business mode. He kissed me before exiting the car, finishing his transformation into my boss as we entered the building. He was all business as we began the day, and I found myself wishing it was already time to go home and have my lover back.

"Ms Vanders, I need this weeks earning reports. I need to know how the new acquisitions are integrating with our company, as well as your normal updates. I specifically want the entire accounting information for R and D." He barked at me as we exited the executive elevator. I sighed, heading to my office to prepare for our first morning meeting.

I sat down and dug into my work, hoping that being busy would make the time go by faster. I pulled up accounts payable and received, going over the expenses for the different departments to report to Mr. King how his company was fairing financially.

It was easy enough work, but something about the numbers seemed odd to me. I had noticed several irregularities before, but I could never put my finger on them. As I scrolled through the numbers, something in my subconscious screamed that it something wasn't adding up. I felt like I was getting close.

"Vanders. I sent you the budget proposals last week. What the hell happened to getting back to me on the approvals?" Olivia Roberts glared at me over my desk. She looked like something out of a catalog; She was wearing a pin striped dress suit that accented her petite frame, her long blonde hair hanging perfectly around an ivory skinned face. She would have been pretty, with her perfect pink lips and blue eyes, but she wore a perpetual scowl that sucked the beauty right out of her.

"I sent you the approvals three days ago, your department was actually one of the last ones in." I replied sweetly. I was determined not to let her ruin my day. I had asked other departments if she was as evil to them as she was to me, and they always seemed shocked that she could even say a harsh word. I had no idea what I did to make her dislike me so vehemently, but she made it her daily job to try and bring me down. Nothing I did made her happy.

Olivia was responsible for payroll and her biggest accomplishment was getting nearly the entire company to invest in the retirement plan. She had created the King Enterprises employer matching program, where for every dollar invested by the employee, King Enterprises would match dollar for dollar up to 10% of their pay. I had signed up as soon as I found out about the program, but she still gave me the cold shoulder. If anything, after I signed up she managed to be even chillier.

"Fine. I didn't get it. Send it again." She growled as she turned to sashay off. I seriously thought about lobbing my stapler at her head, but I decided that it wouldn't be fair to the stapler. I looked at my computer screen, my concentration completely lost. I thought I had seen something, but her appearance had distracted me enough that I had lost my place. Mean names scorched through my brain as I emailed her the approvals again, and then tried to get back into figuring out the books.

***

"Are you sure you want to go to your apartment tonight?" Mr King asked as he checked his briefcase.

"Yes- I have a couple of things that need doing there. My poor plants are half dead and I need to pick up my mail. My landlord won't stop calling me about it." If I thought Mr. King could pout, I would have called the expression on his face pouting. Instead he just twisted his mouth like he had eaten something bitter.

He glanced around the empty office before leaning over and kissing my head. I smiled up at him, earnestly rethinking my need to go to my apartment. I needed to check my mail and pick up some new clothes for the cooler weather. It suddenly struck me that I no longer thought of it as home. It was now "the apartment"; home was the King mansion. Mr. King checked his briefcase one last time, obviously stalling for time while he waited for me to change my mind.

"Go home! I have a few more things to do here, but I will text you when I get to the apartment." I bent back towards my computer, trying to ignore him enough that he would leave. He sighed and turned to leave.

"Claire, I... I'll miss you tonight." He walked slowly, his footsteps echoing in the empty hallway. I watched him walk out the door, a gray feeling of melancholy filling my soul. My feet itched to run after him, to make those hazel eyes light up with surprise and happiness, but I had work to do.

***

I worked for a few more hours, cross referencing numbers and accounts, tracing payments and practically redoing entire departments accounting records. I made little progress.

I sighed as I stood up, stretching my hands above my head, working my shoulders in circles. I was always mindful of my posture, but no matter how much I tried, my shoulders always hurt after working on a computer screen for hours.

An email message popped up on my computer. It was a company wide email from Olivia about the 401K plan. Apparently we were at 95% participation on the matching program. It reminded me to check my balance on my account. I had increased my own input to 10% of my salary and was curious to see if the changes had gone through. I downloaded the 401K file and prepared to go to my apartment.

I double checked to make sure I had saved all my work, and on a whim, uploaded my files to the secured cloud storage Mr. King had given me. I packed my laptop into my bag, grabbed my coat and keys and headed for the garage. I waved to the security guard as I entered the garage and found my little red car sitting in its spot. It felt strange to be driving myself home alone. I had gotten used to Mr. King or his chauffeur driving.

I started the car and drove out to the main road. It was a little after midnight, so the normally busy road was quiet and dark. I turned onto it, taking the curve harder than I intended; my phone slid across the passenger seat, just out of reach. I didn't worry about it, turning my radio up as a good song came on, singing along. I sang out loudly (and off-key), the deep bass rattling the windows. A car pulled out behind me, keeping pace. I stopped at a light, still singing along to the radio.

I turned left onto the next street, the car behind me running the edge of a red light to keep up. Coincidence, I thought. I sped up; the car behind me sped up. I could feel my heart starting to pick up its pace, my nerves starting to take control. I decided to test it and see if the car was really following me or if it was just another lonely driver late at night. At the next stop light I turned right, the car behind mimicking my movement.

All I could see was the glare of headlights on a dark sedan body. I immediately turned right at the next intersection, the dark car right behind me. At the next intersection, I headed back towards the original road, the car right on my tail. I now had no doubt that they were following me. I reached for my phone, but it was too far out of reach. I took a deep breath, and smacked the radio button off, trying to concentrate only on the road and avoiding my tail. I knew of a police station just a few miles down the road where I would be safe from them.

The car behind me must have known about the police station as well, because they stopped simply following me and began actively harassing me. The dark sedan surged up into my blind-spot on the left, pushing me towards the edge of the road. My knuckles turned white on the steering wheel as the car's headlights poured into my car. I sped up, trying to get away, but the sedan just kept trying to force me to pull over.

When I refused to go onto the shoulder, they took a more drastic step, swinging into the side of my bumper. The jolt made me shriek, my back of my car skidding across the road. I sped up, trying desperately to make it to the police station. If I could only make it there, I would be safe; I would make it through this. My little car's engine screamed with effort as I pushed the gas pedal into the floor, trying desperately to pick up speed.

The car slammed into me again, pushing me into the shoulder of the road. I hit a patch of gravel and felt the steering wheel lurch out of my hands. The headlights blinded me; I felt the car rotate, and suddenly my world was upside down. Everything seemed to move at half speed, my brain registering the smallest details with clarity: the speedometer at 58mph, the gas tank with less than a third left, the dust on the dash, the engine revving, the shadows changing as the car flipped. My world seemed to be made of crystal, delicate and shining. The crystal shattered as the airbags deployed and filled my vision.

All I could think of was that I hadn't told him I loved him. I knew it deep in my bones and I hadn't said anything yet. I prayed I wouldn't die, my only reason being that I hadn't told him.

***

I heard the gravel tearing into the roof of my car, the paint peeling off as I spun like a top across the pavement. The car finally stopped, the slow upside down spin coming to a halt. The seat belt dug into my shoulder, my head pounding as I hung suspended in the air. Time had no meaning as I struggled to breath, struggled to live. My vision was blurry, but I saw a pair of shoes by the passenger side window.

I tried to call out, my voice not obeying. Nothing in my body seemed to be responding to command as I watched a hand pull out my laptop bag from the broken glass. The shoes retreated, the gravel crunching loud in my ears. I could hear the sedan pull away, its engine purring softly into the night as it left me in silence. The car creaked a low metallic moan into the darkness. Somewhere a siren began its howl towards me.

I suddenly found my voice, wordless screams pouring from my throat. Flashing lights took control, men in uniforms asking my name as I tried to remember what language I spoke. Everything felt wrong. I let strong hands take me as my world went black and the angry cry of the ambulance wailed into the night.

***

I didn't want to open my eyes. If I held perfectly still, I could pretend that nothing hurt and that everything was okay. Unfortunately, my body felt the requirement to breathe. I felt so hazy and tired, like all I wanted to do was sleep but my body couldn't figure out how anymore; I could feel the IV in my arm pushing cold fluid into my veins, the medicine only taking the edge off. I remembered someone saying the words broken ribs- maybe that was why every breath felt like fire. I tried to put the pieces together of what was going on, but everything was so blurry and fragmented.

"Where is Claire Vanders? Where is she?" I heard Mr. King growl outside my door. He sounded like an angry bear looking for his cub. Someone must have pointed towards my room because I heard the door open. I didn't want to open my eyes, afraid he might not really be there, afraid of the look on his face.

He paused at the foot of my stretcher, his hand grazing my foot through the blanket. His soft touch didn't hurt; it instead felt so reassuring that I decided that I could open my eyes. It took so much effort to lift them, as if they were made of lead. Even just trying to open them somehow hurt. By the time I managed to get one eye cracked open, Mr. King was sitting by my head, his warm hand gently holding mine.

He looked so unlike his usual confident self I wondered if the medicine was affecting me more than I thought. His normally perfect blonde hair was disheveled, highlighting a face full of worry. His clothes were wrinkled and he had missed a button, skewing his entire shirt to the right. The only thing that convinced me that the flustered man sitting there was the illustrious Gregory King were his eyes. I could feel worry radiating out of their hazel depths. I tried to smile, but even that slight movement sent tiny spikes of pain shooting through me. I tried to speak, but my voice simply croaked instead.

"Shhh, Claire, you're safe here. I got here as soon as they called me" he shushed gently as he saw me waking. His hand brushed some hair out of my face, his fingers gentle. A nurse came in and asked if I wanted more medicine. I managed a nod, and she injected something into the IV. I could feel the pain slip away, never fully leaving, but something I could tolerate.

"How did I get here?" I asked. I am pretty sure it came out, "Hwdideyegtere" but Mr. King stroked my hair gently as he answered.

"An ambulance brought you here. They had to cut you out of your car. What happened?"

"That other car hit me," I started.

"What other car?" His voice was quick and angry. I looked up at him frightened, and his face suddenly softened. "There was another car?"

"It was dark and they were following me..." I tried again. My memory was fragmented, and the medicine kept the pieces from falling together and making sense. "Their headlights were so bright. I was upside down." Mr King nodded encouragingly, his fingers softly playing with my hair.

"Then there were fire fighters. You should be a fire fighter. You would look pretty in their uniform." My thoughts seemed to run straight through to my mouth. Mr. King's eyebrows raised, but he kept stroking my hair.

"Do you remember anything else?" He asked.

"I needed to tell you something. Something important, but I don't remember now..." I looked up at him, the medicine making me sleepy. "Maybe I'll remember in the morning..." I wanted to sleep so badly, but something was bothering me, something I needed to tell him.

"They took my laptop!" I sat up quickly, and instantly regretted the movement. Mr. King carefully laid me back down on the stretcher, whispering soft words until I was again comfortable.

"We'll find it. You rest now." He resumed his gentle strokes through my hair.

"Will you stay with me? I don't want to wake up alone again..." I asked quietly. He smiled and softly kissed my forehead.

"Of course, I'll stay with you as long as you want me to," he whispered. My drug addled brain wondered if he meant something more than just staying with me at the hospital, but I couldn't hold the thought. Sleep rushed up at me suddenly, and before I could answer I was lost to dreams.

***

Two broken ribs, one black eye, a split lip, 14 stitches on my calf, a concussion, too many bruises and scratches to count, and a partridge in a pear tree. I stayed the night in the hospital as they made sure I was safe to send home. Gregory never left my side. Every time I woke up, he was there, sitting next to me and holding my hand.

When they discharged me, he practically carried me to the car and drove me home himself. He wanted to carry me into the house, but I steadfastly refused. Instead he simply supported my lopsided hobble into the main room.

I looked at the stairs with dread, my leg protesting the use. Mr. King instead guided me to the conservatory, where among potted trees William had created a bedroom. There was a queen sized bed with a small nightstand on either side with the book I was reading sat at the ready under a lamp. One of the glass walls now was draped with heavy curtains, a large TV with an easy chair set up for my entertainment. A new laptop sat on the seat of the easy chair charging and awaiting me to claim it. I looked around in amazement, trying to take it all in.

"Thank you guys!" I finally sputtered out as I limped towards them.

"William gets all the credit," Mr. King deferred. William turned a lovely shade of red, especially when I kissed his cheek. "The doctor said you were to rest today, so no work." Mr. King said sternly, guiding me towards the big recliner. I put up no resistance as the comfy chair enveloped me, sighing with relief as I kicked out the leg rest and elevated my aching leg.

With a goofy smile, Mr. King handed me my phone with the text messaging open. "Text whatever you want to that number- William and I thought a bell would be a little too cliche, so we went with an electronic bell instead. I have to get to the office, but you have my number as well." He paused like he was going to add on, but instead he quickly shut his mouth and instead kissed my forehead. "Feel better soon," he whispered as he stood up and nodded to William on his way out the door. I wished he didn't have to leave.

"What can I get for you Claire?" William asked, approaching my chair.

"Something to eat, something to drink, and the remote for the TV," I replied with a grin. I opened the laptop. He nodded once and brought me the remote from the table before heading to the kitchen. I loaded a movie from the TV menu, and began booting up my new computer. The laptop started quickly, and Mr. King had already loaded it with my settings, even replacing my music. It made me smile, and it let me get to work faster.

Despite his 'no work' mandate, I needed to look at my work files. Someone ran me off the road and stole my laptop, which told me they thought something valuable was on it. I had done some reasoning while waiting for my discharge, and even on pain meds, it made sense. I had downloaded something important the night of the accident. I knew it also had to be something about that particular collection of files, or they wouldn't have gone to all that effort for me not to get at it; I must have had all the pieces to the puzzle on that computer and just didn't realize it.

Luckily, whoever did this to me obviously did not know about my cloud storage space. I logged on and downloaded all the files, spreading them out across the monitor, trying to find a pattern. William returned with a bowl of homemade chicken dumping soup and sweet tea, giving me a wink as he saw me working. I started looking for a pattern, trying to figure out who was cooking the books and who had put me in the hospital.

***

I had been at those stupid files for three days and couldn't find their secret. Granted, I was still fairly medicated and slept more than usual, but I couldn't find the connection. I was getting frustrated. I still hurt from my accident, I was stuck at home, and I couldn't find the answer to something I knew had to be there. By the end of the third day I was ready to scream at someone.

Mr. King returned from the office that evening, looking frustrated himself. I knew he was having a hard time without me there, and was more than ready to have me back at the office. I wanted to go back as well, but I was still weaning off the pain pills, and my face resembled something left too long in the fridge. The black eye was now a sickly green color, purple and green bruises still covering the rest of my body. At least all the swelling had gone down so my face worked properly again. We both thought it best if I waited to return until I no longer looked like I had gone ten rounds in the ring with my hands tied together.

"Rough day?" I asked as he collapsed into a chair. He simply rolled his head to look at me, the answer obvious in his posture. "I am going stir crazy. Let me live vicariously through you. Tell me how horrible your day was so I can pretend I was there."

"Done. Here, come sit by me" said said patting his knee with a naughty grin. I couldn't help but smile as I put my laptop down.

I stood up too quickly. The simple movement shot waves of pain through my body; the stitches in my leg screamed with the addition of weight, and my cracked ribs created ribbons of agony. I crumpled to the floor, my body quivering with pain. He was on the floor with me before I even registered that I had fallen, his hands gentle and face concerned. I looked up into his eyes and got lost. His eyes were deep pools of blue and brown that swirled together in endless variations, a whirlpool of concern and color that I wanted to drown in.

"Not quite the image of elegance I was going for," I gasped as he scooped me up. I didn't struggle against him as he lifted me and gently placed me on the bed. His arms felt so strong around me, holding me close. As he set me down, I held onto him, keeping him near me. His hair reminded me of sunshine, his scent masculine and musky. My body ached both physically and sexually, I wanted his touch. I reached up and kissed him softly, tasting his lips.

"I don't want to hurt you," he whispered.

"You've tied me to a chair and used clothespins on my ni**les" I whispered back teasingly.

"That was different. I could control that pain- this pain isn't of my doing." He looked slightly distressed as he grazed his fingers along my side.

"So make it yours."

He paused for a moment, then smiled. "I think you need some more ice. I'll be right back." He sprang up and bounded out the door. I waited patiently, sitting up on the bed, and he returned after a moment. He had two ice packs, an elastic bandage wrap, a scarf, an ice bucket full of cubes, and a naughty grin.

"Take off your shirt. We need to ice those ribs," he growled lustfully. I happily unbuttoned my shirt, and with his help slid it off my shoulders. I wasn't wearing anything underneath, my ribs and bruises made it too painful. He licked his lips, his hand caressing the under curve of my breast. His hand was cold from the ice packs and my nipple hardened at his touch. A low chuckle escaped his throat as he softly flicked the hard nub, sending a shiver through my body.

"Lay on your stomach." he commanded, his voice low and lustful. I carefully rolled to my stomach. He grabbed each wrist, bringing them together above my head, where he then tied them together with the bandage. He then looped the remaining bandage around the headboard, trying me down. I tested my bonds, and while tight, the elastic bandage was comfortable and had enough give that I could position myself comfortably.

He then slid a satin scarf over my eyes. The fabric felt cool and slippery as it blocked out the light. With me tied to the bed face down I couldn't see much anyway, but the scarf seemed to heighten the experience. My skin prickled as he ran his fingertips down my spine, tracing the tops of my pants. He tugged gently at my sweats, pulling them off with ease. I lay in just my simple cotton underwear and socks. He pulled the socks off one at a time, tickling my feet slightly. I tried to kick him, but he was too fast.

Cool fingers pulled my panties off, leaving me na**d and tied to the bed. I felt the bed shift as he joined me on it, and I could feel his eyes looking down on me. He pulled my hair away from my neck, and kissed me softly. His kisses were cold, like a fall morning frost. The temperature surprised me, but I wanted more. He continued to kiss down my shoulder, the ice in his mouth cold and wonderful. I shivered, not from the cold bur from excitement.

An ice cube touched the nape of my neck, the cold making me gasp. I ignored the pain in my ribs, the sensation of cold distracting me. He traced the ice to my shoulder blades, making small designs with the melting water. The cold felt wonderful against my skin. He picked his ice cube up and traced it down the length of my spine, from the nape of my neck to the curve of my lower back. I felt him lean over, and blow onto the trail of melted water. His breath was warm, but the water felt cold, making me shiver with anticipation. A throaty chuckle followed every shiver as he enjoyed himself.

He traced a fresh ice cube across my shoulder blades, down to my lower back, along the upper curve of my butt, and then along the crack. Cold ice water dripped down between my cheeks, dripping onto the sensitive areas below. He left the remainder of the cube to melt on my lower back, the water pooling in the curve of my spine and the dripping down the sides of my hips. I moaned softly, my body heating despite the cold.

Cold fingertips ran the length of my back, his fingers barely touching me. I wanted his fingers to touch me everywhere, but he just drew in the water left from the ice, teasing my skin with his touch. It felt so gentle and sensual, I felt like I could die of arousal.

He picked up the ice cube again, running it along my uninjured ribs. He held it at the top, in line with the middle of my shoulder blade, letting it melt down towards my breast. An icy drop of water danced across the soft flesh of my breast, tickling and teasing me. I could feel each drop, like an icy rivulet of pleasure as he let the ice melt and drip down under my arm and find their way to my breast. I wanted to wipe them off, but I didn't struggle against my bonds.

"Roll over" he whispered into my ear. His breath was still cool from the ice, making my ear tingle. Very carefully I rolled over, the bandage stretching easily to accommodate the movement. When I was firmly on my back, my hands still overhead, he bent over and kissed me. He probed my mouth with his tongue, and when I opened mine, he slipped an ice cube in. The ice was cold and melting, his tongue hot and ready, both invading my mouth.

I took both in, the hot and cold thrilling my senses. He left the ice in my mouth, and I heard him pick up a second cube. His lips grazed my collar bone, the ice held between them. The cold seeped through my skin as he dragged the ice along my collar bone, pausing to let the hollows of my throat fill with melting ice.

He picked up an ice cube, letting it slide from the hollow of my neck down to my navel. Cold water pooled in my belly button as he traced lazy circles around it. A second cube started large circles around my breast, slowly turning into smaller and smaller circles as they neared my nipple. The cold shocked through me as he pushed the ice directly onto my erect nipple, the skin pulled as tight as it could go.

The cold seared through me on tiny threads of frozen fire, feeding the flames growing within my core. His lips, still cold from ice, kissed my nipple softly, his tongue playing with the hardened flesh, his mouth slowly warming. As he released that breast from his mouth, he reached up with cold fingers and began to play with the other side. His fingers felt so cold at first, but the heated quickly.

The ice clinked softly as he reached for another cube. This one he started on my inner knee, dragging the icy surface along my inner thigh. I spread my legs wide, letting him have full access as he played with the ice along my legs. I knew the ice was going to touch me in my warmest places, and he let the tension build, let me wait for the cold to quench my fires.

A new cube traced the lines of my hip bones, slowly angling towards the opening between my legs. He slid it along my slit, the cold water seeping between my lips. I felt like steam should be pouring out, my internal fires raging and ready, my body hot against the ice. The ice melted quickly in his hand, and I felt him lean forward and kiss the top of my slit. I moaned softly as he spread open my pu**y lips, and began to taste me. I could hear the ice click against his teeth, his tongue cold then quickly warm on my most tender areas. He found my cl*t and began flicking his tongue quickly against it.

I could feel my temperature rising. It was as though I were a direct opposite to the ice, the colder it was, the hotter I became. My cl*t engorged, the new sensation of the cold too much to bear. Each flick of his tongue sent little frozen tendrils of pleasure into my core, wrapping around the inferno growing inside of me. I could feel the steam building inside of me, needing to be released. I exploded; my body releasing and tensing at the same time. Delicious waves of delight shook through me, my toes curling up and my fingers shaking with the pleasure coursing through me.

I felt him pick up an ice cube, running it along my inner thigh. My heightened nerves sang with the Arctic chill, and then he quickly slid it inside of me. It melted so quickly, the heat of my dripping folds liquifying the cube almost instantly. He slid a second in after the first, gliding it on the liquid. The cold felt so strange, alien and wonderful.

Mr. King positioned himself above me, his c**k hot at my entrance. His member felt like fire against the ice inside of me, and I spread my legs wider. He pushed gently at my entrance, feeling me resist at first but then absorb him. I could feel myself stretching around him as he slid in, an inch at a time.

He groaned as he slid in on the ice melt, my pu**y wet and dripping. He filled me, threatening to burst me at my seams as he slowly began rocking in and out. He held himself above me, careful to not disturb my body. I wondered what I felt like, with the ice cooling my normally hot interior. It must have felt amazing, because he began to speed up, his h*ps digging into mine with a pleasure that made me cry out. Any lingering ice was quickly melted by our friction, my body heating again like a furnace, desiring more wood. I wanted him in me, I needed him in me, I needed all of him.

I pulled against the elastic bandage, but it held solid, keeping my hands above my head as he plowed deeply into me. I arched my h*ps to meet him, crying out as my ribs began to ache. I wanted to cry; it hurt and felt so amazing at the same time. He had managed to mix my pain and pleasure again in ways I hadn't ever imagined possible. He pulled out and put my injured leg up on his shoulder.

"Doctor said to keep this elevated..." he chuckled as he guided his massive c**k back towards my entrance. He pushed himself deeper than I thought he could go, splitting me in two. I took a breath to cry out, and my ribs resisted. It hurt so terribly, but he began rocking in and out, penetrating my boundaries again and again. I could almost forget about the pain the pleasure was so great. He was so gentle, yet incredibly forceful; he made sure he was getting what he wanted, but at the same time trying to prevent me from pain he couldn't control.

I wanted to hold him close, dig my nails into his back and sides, but the bindings on my hands held fast. Each thrust was more intense. The blindfold heightened everything; I could smell his delicious masculine scent, taste his kisses still on my lips, hear his excited breathing and the gentle slapping of our bodies colliding. I reveled in it, letting my senses take control and forget the pain.

I rocked my h*ps to his tempo, feeling the friction inside of me removing every trace of ice. My spine felt like it could melt from desire, a burning cord down my back, only surviving by the memory of the ice. Every thrust consumed me, my body racked with pleasure and pain at the same time. He put his fingers on my clit, rubbing them in a small circle as he plowed into me. The extra stimulation distracted me further from the fire in my ribs, the agony of every breath. I wanted to scream with pleasure as he touched me, but breathing deeply hurt, so I could only moan. My body hummed with sensation, his c**k filling me, his fingers on my clit, the ache in my ribs. His pleasure combating my pain.

I could feel him swelling, his tempo increasing as he found his own rhythm. I urged him on with my hips, my ribs on fire, my insides aching for his seed. His breath caught, and he plunged deeply inside of me, pushing a thread of white hot liquid into my core. I cried out with release, my own fire quenched by his liquid.

He lay carefully beside me, untying me from the bed. My hands were still bound together as he pulled me close to him, mindful of my ribs. We lay together, recovering slowly as our breath returned. He then untied me, helping me to sit upright. With my hands free, I grabbed his head, pulling him in for a kiss. I could taste my own salty tang on his lips, his mouth once again warm.

"Raise your arms up," he said gently. I looked at him warily, eying the headboard again. He laughed, and picked up the ice packs he had brought with him, pushing them gently against my ribs. The mass of cold made me gasp a little, and I held them in place while he wrapped the bandage around me.

"I have a feeling that wasn't part of my doctor's orders" I grinned at him as he finished and looked over his work.

"But I bet it made you feel better," he said as he kissed my nose.

"Much! Now, tell me about your day..." I tried again. He wrapped his arms around me, his lips right at my ear, whispering the secrets of his day.

***

I have never felt so happy to go to work. The next day I practically skipped into my office, though with my leg and ribs being as sore as they were, it was more like a happy limp. Stack of paper covered my desk, stray get well soon cards popping out like affectionate mines. The thoughtfulness of my co-workers amazed me as I worked my way though my absence. It felt good to be back in the swing of things. I focused on catching up, ignoring the files burning a hole through my laptop. I wanted to work on the mystery of those files, but my job kept popping up. It took me a week before I felt like I had finally caught up enough to look at them.

***

I looked at my desk. The inbox was empty. It was a little after 5pm, so most of the staff had gone home, but Mr. King was working late that night. He was my ride home, so I was working late too, but I had finally caught up. It was the perfect opportunity to look at my files. I pulled them up and began working on them when an email popped up on my phone. It was a system wide update about the 401K matching program again, reminding everyone to sign up to the full amount. It suddenly hit me that I had downloaded my statement the night of the accident. It was one of the files that had been on my computer, but I had never actually looked at it.

I opened it up, checking the balance. I had started out putting only 5% into the fund, but with Olivia constantly emailing about the matching incentive I had recently upped it to the full 10%. Something about the date stuck out to me, so I cross referenced it with the projected employee fund costs. Despite me upping my fund, the payment to the employee matching fund didn't increase.

It struck me as odd and I pulled up those files. The fund amount never seemed to change- it was always the full amount. I began pulling up employee pay records, looking for fund contributions. They didn't match up. I took a deep breath, a feeling of anticipation rushing through me in waves. This could be it. I looked at the other numbers for other departments, pulling up the pay stubs to match spending reports for every department I could think of. None of them matched properly.

I leaned back in my chair, my brain buzzing around in my head trying to focus on what I was seeing. I could even follow how clever it was, the safeguards in place to keep anyone from finding out, and because of that, who had done it. It was an incredibly creative way to steal money from the company without the company finding out, or even suspecting.

Whoever was doing this was making it appear as though almost every employee was donating at least 10% of their pay into the 401K plan, and thus being fully matched by the company. In reality, only about 75% of the company was actually at the full matching criteria, 20% had partial matching, and 5% weren't even actually enrolled.

Whomever had set this up had created imaginary accounts that the company was matching incentives into. The excess funds were diverted into a separate account, thus effectively siphoning off hundreds of thousands of dollars every month. The company expected to pay that much in matching incentives, so no one had looked into to see that it was actually matching real employee accounts. My head was still spinning around the concept, but I knew I was onto something big. I took a couple of screen shots, saving them immediately to my cloud storage, and picked up the phone.

"Mr. King, please..." I waited patiently as Ms. Aloute rang into his office. "Mr. King, I found it. I think I figured out who is stealing from the company. I'll be up in a moment to show you my work." I barely registered his response as I slowly set the phone back in its cradle. It was all about the matching 401K plan.

"Very good Ms. Vanders. You figured it out. I'm afraid you won't be able to do anything about it though. Please get up slowly." Olivia Roberts voice purred from behind me. I turned slowly in my chair to find her pointing a revolver straight at my head. Her perfect pink lips curled in a sadistic smile as I slowly stood.

"Good. Now, I need you to be the good little girl that I know you are; if you behave and do as you're told, you don't get shot. I don't want to kill you, Ms Vanders, but you are not ruining this. Now get your jacket. Pick up my keys on the desk there. You are going to drive me to the airport. I have a plane to Cape Verde to catch." Her plastered smile never faltered as she slid the gun into her coat pocket, clearly keeping it pointed at me through the fabric.

"How did you do it?" I asked cautiously as I put on my coat. I tried to move slowly, hoping that too much time would pass and Mr. King would notice I was gone and call security. It was a thin hope, but still one I was willing to cling to.

"No stalling. Move faster and maybe I'll tell you." She growled, waving the gun in her pocket to accentuate her point. I picked up her keys and she grabbed my arm and pushed the gun into my ribs. I was incredibly glad she had picked the side that didn't have the fractures, but it still hurt. I limped a little as we walked, my leg protesting the speed that she wanted me to go.

"Walk faster." She growled, practically dragging me along.

"I can't- I got a little busted when my car rolled over, remember?" I hissed at her through clenched teeth.

"I'm sorry about that. I only meant to scare you, but you just hit that shoulder and flipped. You should be grateful I called the ambulance for you at all." Her voice was cold and uncaring as we entered the garage. She waved to the guard and pushed the gun in my ribs until I waved to him as well. He waved and turned back to his newspaper, letting us head to the car. I wanted to scream.

"I want to know how you did it." I gasped as we got to her car. I didn't open the door, just stood there with the keys in my hand until she finally rolled her eyes.

"Fine, you drive and I'll tell you all about it. Get in the f**king car, Claire."

I slid into the driver's seat, my hands shaking as I started the engine and pulled the seat belt tight across my lap. She sat behind me, her arm snaking around the seat to keep the gun firmly in my ribs.

"It wasn't that hard actually. The people that are putting 10% or more, I don't bother with them at all. It's the ones who are putting less or nothing at all that made this possible. If a person is only putting in 8% of their pay, the company should only match 8%. I simply made it so that the company matches as if it were the full 10%, only the extra 2% goes to me. The accounts where they aren't even putting anything into their retirement are even easier. I get the full 10% off of those. Take the highway." She spoke easily, as though this were the most natural part of the day for her.

"How were you getting away with it?" I asked as I merged onto the highway.

"It was easy enough. By reporting 95% of employees paying into the plan, the company expected that much money to go out the door. Hell, they encouraged it. I got a bonus for getting the participation up that high. They never questioned where the money was going. It is free money for employees, and if they are too stupid to take advantage of it, then I will. I made sure that the correct matching went to the employees. Besides, I am the director of the matching incentive program. If anyone had any concerns, they would have come to me. Any questions on any of the payments came through me, and I only had to authorize them to myself if there was a problem." She laughed, but it sounded cold.

"How long have you been doing this? How much have you stolen?" I asked trying to do the math in my head. She answered like it didn't matter.

"Since I was appointed the director for the program, so about 4 years ago. I started slowly, convincing people to start the program, so my first year wasn't as much as now. It has been trending into the millions. And it isn't stealing. I never took a dime from the employees. I just took what they were too stupid not to take advantage of."

"It's still stealing" I whispered.

"You shut your f**king mouth. You had to come along and ruin everything. I still had three more years before I hit my goal, but now I am going to have to leave it half finished. You f**king whore. Mr. King's little accounting whore. You are nothing but his prostitute. Everyone knows you got your job by sleeping with him. You barely have a job. He doesn't care about you- he just likes tying your pretty cunt up." Olivia sneered, pushing the gun into the tender flesh between my ribs. I squirmed away from the pain, both the physical and the emotional. I forced myself to concentrate on the road, to not listen to her words.

"Oh, does that hurt little princess? Too close to the truth? You know as well as I do that man loves only his precious King Enterprises. He just keeps you around because you feel nice on his prick. Though, as I recall, that prick does feel rather nice. A little long for my taste, I prefer them thicker, but he does know how to get the job done." Olivia laughed cruelly as she dug the gun deeper.

I wanted to hit her so badly, to just turn around and slam her face into the seat for her lies. I must have shown the hurt from her words as she dropped her voice to a whisper, moving her lips next to my ear, "Oh, he didn't tell you about us then? I wonder what else he has kept from you? You should ask him about what we did in Vegas..."

Her giggle made red lines run through my vision. Rage and a need for violence surged in my core. We were almost at the airport and I had no delusions that she was going to let me get away. She might let me live, but she wasn't going to make it a pleasant existence. She wanted to hurt me. She leaned back, pulling the gun out of my ribs but still pointed at me. I made a split second decision that I was sure I was going to regret.

I closed my eyes and slammed the wheel hard to the right, my foot hitting the gas pedal to the floor while I willed the rest of my body to go limp. Lights blazed through my vision, white and red flooding through my eyelids while the sounds of a gunshot, metal on metal, the engine's roar, and her terrified screams rose to a crescendo in an unholy music. My body floated through time and space, I willed it to be flexible, to roll with the car instead of fighting it. Drunk people survived car crashes all the time, I told myself as I floated upside down.

Everything landed with a thud. The air was thick with white powder, the airbags hanging limply like forgotten children's balloons. I was pretty sure I had fractured another rib and definitely re-injured the other two, but at least this time I didn't lose consciousness and I didn't think I was bleeding. I felt for the door, still disoriented and dazed, my hands shaking from the adrenaline.

Fresh air filled my nostrils as I opened the door. The white powder was slowly settling, and I looked frantically around for Olivia. She wasn't in the car with me. For a horrible second I thought she would come walking up over the ridge with the gun pointed at my head, but I could hear people shouting behind me. I slowly unbuckled my seat belt, breathing in the fresh air from the open door.

"Hey Lady! Are you alright?" A worried young man stood at my window with a first aid kit in his hands.

"I'm not sure. I think I broke another rib" I struggled not to cough as the airbag dust irritated my lungs. Just breathing was proving to be a slow form of torture, and the need to cough was unbearable. "Where's the woman who was in the car with me?" I asked as he slowly helped me out of the car. The air outside smelled so good.

"My wife is a nurse, she is looking after her. I'm really sorry, but she wasn't wearing her seat belt, and it doesn't look good." He looked sad as he helped me sit down in the grass. An ambulance wailed up, followed by a firetruck. Two firemen ran over and began checking me out, trying to ask me questions, but I was distracted by the paramedics putting Olivia on a stretcher. It wasn't until the ambulance screamed off that I was able to answer their questions. A second ambulance arrived, and the firemen shuffled me into it and off to the hospital.

***

"She could have shot you! She had the gun pointed right at you!" Mr. King glared at me.

"I didn't think of that until after we were flipping over the guard rail. Oops," I replied shrugging my shoulders.

"Oops? Claire, I almost lost you. Again. I don't like this habit of yours. I may make Charles drive you everywhere from now on." He reached out and touched my hand, the limo slowing as it took a turn. He brought it to his lips and kissed it gently, tenderness in every motion.

He had stayed the night at the hospital again, my shield against the police that came about the accident, and then about what I had to tell them. It had been a brutal affair, but Mr. King had made sure that all the documents went to the correct investigators and that I never had to repeat my story.

He had become concerned when I didn't show up at his office and didn't answer my phone. Security footage showed me leaving with Olivia and he immediately knew something was wrong. He had called the police and they had actually set up a roadblock at the airport for me. Knowing that, it made my decision to crash seem pointless.

Olivia was in intensive care. The doctors thought that she was going to make it, but it would take months of rehab. On the one hand I felt horrible that I had caused pain to another human being, but on the other, she had tried to kill me. Twice. I decided it some of it had to be karma.

The car slowed as we approached the house. I stepped out gingerly, my ribs still sore. I had walked away from this accident with the same two fractured ribs, a new bruised rib, and a sprained ankle. Mr King wrapped his arms around me as he carefully guided me into the house. He felt so strong beneath me, so safe. I felt like I could fall a thousand times and he would always be there to catch me.

The big main door opened and I gasped. The entire foyer was filled with flowers. Red long stem roses and lilies of every color filled every square inch of the entrance. The lilies were my favorite flower in the world. I wasn't even sure how he had found that out, but there they were just for me. It smelled wonderful. I turned to look at him, surprise covering my face.

"Welcome home, Claire." He smiled nervously, taking my hands in his.

"This is beautiful! You didn't need to do all this- I was only in the hospital a day!" I exclaimed.

"Actually, there is something that I needed to tell you, and William said I should have flowers. I think I may have been a little overzealous though." he raked his fingers through his hair, obviously flustered.

"I have wanted to tell you this for a long time, but it never seemed like the right time. I was afraid that you were only here because of my money, but when you didn't show up last night, I was so worried. Seeing you in the hospital, it made me realize how much I need to tell you- how I should have told you so much earlier. I love you Claire."

Every color looked brighter. Every flower smelled sweeter. Every breathe felt like I was alive once I heard those words. His eyes shone down on me, calling me into their never ending patterns of blue and brown. I reached up and cupped his face in my hand, whispering, "I love you, Gregory King." and I kissed him.

His arms wrapped around me, his hands pulling my face into his. I didn't want to break away to breathe, I didn't want this perfect moment, this perfect kiss to end. He kept his hands in my hair, our bodies pressed close together, both breathless and excited. I felt like a giddy teenager with my first love, the dizzy happiness better than any drug. Mr. King kissed the tip of my nose, smiling down at me.

"Upstairs?" he asked quietly. I nodded emphatically, pressing my h*ps into him. I wanted to feel his body merge with mine, let our love take a physical form. His smile was all I could see as he reluctantly let me go and grabbed my hand, both of us sprinting for the stairs. He got there first, waiting step by step as I carefully made my way up, my ribs protesting my every breath.

Gregory led me to his bedroom, opening the door for a grand reveal. A vase with still more lilies on the dresser caught my attention first, followed by the beautiful corset laying on the bed. I went to touch the corset, all blue satin and lace and noticed the collar above it. It was a thick black leather collar, a silver loop at the top where a petite silver chain attached. My mind raced with all the wonderful possibilities this could have.

"Let me help you," he whispered from behind me, reaching out and picking up the corset. I grinned and stripped down to just my panties quickly, turning my back to him as he wrapped it around me. He began pulling the laces tight, the boning strong against my ribs. I expected pain, but the boning of the corset supported the injury and kept my breathes shallow. It was the best my poor ribs had felt since the accident.

"Better?" he whispered as he tied the last lace into place. I turned slowly, letting him marvel at how well the corset added to my curves. My br**sts were nearly popping out the top, soft pillows about to pour out of the silky blue fabric.

"Thank you," I said as I stood up on my toes and kissed him. He picked up the collar, his grin predatory and eager. It felt heavy and cool against my skin as he latched it shut, the silver chain running down between my br**sts. I could feel goosebumps on my arms, my body quickening with excitement at what he could do to me like this. He picked up the chain, tugging on it gently as he walked towards a chair. He let the chain go slack, and raised his eyebrows with a smile. I knew exactly what he wanted.

I undid each button of his shirt, slowly exposing the hard muscles underneath. He held out his arms and let me slide it off, where I carefully set it on the floor by the closet. I then undid his belt, his pants button, the zipper, and then bent down and untied his shoes. He slipped out of the shoes, and I was able to slide his pants off easily. I licked my lips, his erection showing under his boxers. I wanted to feel him in me, to feel his c**k completing me, but I wanted to take my time and enjoy myself.

I bent to my knees, sliding the boxers to the floor and freeing his erection. I looked up, his massive rod ready in my face, his eyes bright with desire. I reached out, grabbing the base of his shaft and running my fingers along his length. I was rewarded with a low moan, his hands in my hair. I stuck out my tongue, running its wetness along the ridge of his head. I then pursed my lips and blew on the wet line, his hands clenching into my hair involuntarily.

I smiled, and kissed the very tip of his cock, then slowly, so slowly, lowered my mouth onto him. Inch by inch I took him in my mouth, my tongue swirling and pulsing against him until I could go no deeper. I backed out, then worked my way slowly down again, slowly increasing my pace with each motion.

He widened his stance, giving me more access and I kept taking him deeply into my mouth. With a gentle hand, I cradled his balls, feeling his c**k surge in my mouth. I ran my fingers along the ridge between his testicles, his world at my mercy. He simply held the chain in one hand, the other hand tangled in my hair, enjoying the sensation. I licked up and down his shaft, eating him like a lollipop. I moaned slightly as he pulled my hair, the vibrations moving up him in waves. He groaned and released my hair, stepping back and out of my mouth.

"I think I need to return the favor. Stand up and sit on the bed," he commanded. I immediately obeyed, eager to please. He pulled the chain on my collar tight, forcing me to lay down, then tying the chain to the bedpost. I couldn't sit up, but my feet dangled off the edge of the bed. I could feel my core start to tingle with anticipation, knowing that pleasure was going to be mine.

With deliberate slowness, he stood before me and sank to his knees, putting him at the perfect height to eat me out. I moaned, spreading my legs and trembling with anticipation. He began at one ankle, kissing his way up my leg, and then jumping across my damped fabric to kiss down the other side. He placed two fingers on my panties, right where my cl*t was hidden. My body responded instantly, soaking through the thin fabric. I could feel him smile, as he slowly reached up to my h*ps and began working my underwear down and then tossing them behind him. I wanted to scream with impatience, but I couldn't sit up against the collar to hurry him on.

He placed his head between my legs, his tongue finding the slit of my gender and slowly licking up towards the top. He then pulled open my folds, revealing my innermost parts to him. He flicked his tongue like a snake against my clit, engorging my pleasure center with every motion. He then sucked and bit it, pulling it and teasing it as my pleasure grew. I could feel the tide rising within me, every flick a raindrop threatening to overwhelm the dam.

"Come for me," he whispered slowly inserting a finger into my dripping pu**y. The penetration pushed me over the edge, a flood of ecstasy pouring through every fiber of my being. I was paralyzed as he slid his finger in and out, f**king me gently while still sucking on my clit. I ached to have him in me, my body craving more than just a finger.

As my trembling stopped, he stood slowly, my body primed and ready for him. He placed the head of his cock, still damp with my saliva, on my precipice.

"Please," I whispered without even realizing it. He pushed against me, stretching me as he filled my being. I cried out with satisfaction, my h*ps rising to meet him as he plunged into me. His hands grabbed my hips, forcing us together in a carnal delight. I screamed out his name, my body aching for more every time he left and singing with joy every time he filled it. I could feel him inside of me, like a steel rod, unbending and forceful, taking me for his pleasure. His grunts filled my ears, making me want him even more. I dug my fingers into the sheets, pulling them like I wanted to pull him into me.

He stepped back, the sudden loss of his c**k inside of me making me ache. He walked over and untied my collar, keeping it tightly in his hand as he returned to his original position.

"Stand up. Face the bed,"Mr King growled. I was up and facing the mattress before my mind even finished registering the command. I wanted him so badly. I leaned over the bed, my ass spread open and ready to envelope him once again. I could feel him aim and surge into me once again, his c**k sliding easily back into my ready pu**y. He thrust deeply, enjoying watching his massive member slide into my ready pu**y. I arched my back, trying to take every inch of him deeper inside of me.

He yanked back on the chain, the collar pushing against my throat. I couldn't resist as he pulled my head back towards him, his free hand on my lower back keeping me pinned as he controlled my every movement. The collar constricting on my throat brought a new edge to my pleasure, the power he commanded over me, the pressure on my delicate neck. I relaxed and let him take complete control, his desires now my desires.

I could feel him swelling inside of me, his thrusts becoming stronger and more full of need. I wanted his come so badly, I needed it inside of me. Every fiber of my being desired his come, desired him to find his pleasure in me. With a wail of despair I felt as he pulled out and stopped, my collar going slack as he released my low back. His hand quickly grabbed my hip, flipping me around to face him. The look of sheer desire, of need and want filled his face. I wanted more than anything to give everything to him.

I leaned back into the bed, his c**k questing feverishly for my whole. I felt a rush of excitement as he found it and filled me again, thrusting quickly after. His need was insatiable, as his face slowly twisted towards release. I held his face in my hands as he came, our eyes locked and souls merging. Worlds collided. Entire galaxies were born and died in that glorious moment. Time spun out of control and ceased to exist as I lost myself in his eyes. His eyes saw only me as we met in ecstasy, our bodies joining and crying out with joy.

He thrust the last of his seed, my hands grabbing his ass and holding him so that he couldn't escape. We stayed merged, a single being, until his body finished relaxing. He scooped me up into the bed, wrapping his strong arms around me, his fingers still holding the chain. I loved the way his body felt against mine, his scent filling my nostrils as we both relaxed and found ourselves again. He kissed me softly, whispering the only words I wanted to hear.

"I love you."

And I was happy.

