Chapter 1

Present Day

Birds chirped outside my window, waking me in true princess fashion. Unfortunately for me, it meant they had interrupted a wonderful dream. Tony was in my dreams. My handsome, charming, and wonderful Tony. Recently, I had been dreaming of him almost nightly. I couldn't seem to get him out of my mind. I stretched my hands over my head and groaned, wishing the birds would just shut up. There was no Prince Charming for me; there had been, but he was gone.

If looks could kill, those birds would be on a platter with gravy. Today was my day off. I had planned on sleeping in, but I had accidentally left the curtains open, just a sliver, and now the sunshine was directly in my face. Add in the noisy birds, and there was no way I was going to be able to fall back asleep. With another groan, I threw back the covers and sat on the edge of the bed.

My knees creaked as I stood up. Getting old was hard. The wood floor was cold on my bare feet as I shuffled through my studio apartment to the kitchen. I loved this place. I was successful enough to be able to afford a beautiful apartment just outside of LA. It was a big open space with hardwood floors and giant windows that let in the golden California sunshine. Once in the kitchen, I pulled out a coffee mug and went to start the coffee pot.

"Damn," I swore at the mostly empty bag of coffee. "Figures."

It was an accurate metaphor for my life. Great coffee pot, mug ready, ready for coffee, but the Joe was gone. The pot and the mug didn't matter much when there was nothing to fill them.

My metaphorical coffee was Tony, and despite the fact that he had been gone for almost twenty years, I still wanted him. I had tried my best to forget him and move on; I had dated, even got engaged, but things never seemed to work out. The dates went stale, the men stopped calling back, and even my one-time fiance called it off. Despite my best efforts, I had never found another man like Tony. At this point in my life, I was pretty sure I never would. I had resigned myself to being the lonely old cat lady. All I needed now were some cats.

I put my mug back in the cabinet. I could still salvage the day. There was a coffee shop down the street that made a killer latte. It wasn't as convenient as a cup of coffee in my pajamas, but it would get the job done.

I exited the kitchen and headed for the closet, stopping on my way to look at my most recent painting project. In college, I had been renowned for my unorthodox pieces, but it was those pieces that had gotten me my internship in Hollywood. My painting had landed me a job in set design, and then I made my own artwork on the side. It was my dream job. I loved doing it and I was successful enough that I didn't have to worry about money.

The painting in front of me was full of abstract lines in warm browns and earth tones. Hints of green and gold shimmered on the edges, reminding me of sunlight flooding a wooded glen. I had been working on this particular piece for months. For some reason, I couldn't seem to perfect it. There was something missing in the colors to give it the life I wanted. I just couldn't put my finger on it.

I sighed and left the painting to go put on clothes. Yoga pants and a comfy shirt were almost as good as pajamas. On the counter by the door was the invitation to my friend Rachel's wedding. I still hadn't replied to it, but maybe that was what was causing me to dream of Tony. I left the RSVP sitting on the counter. It could wait another day. I locked the front door behind me and headed out into the warm sunshine.

Chapter 2

June 5, 1990

The first time I saw him, my two roommates and I were sitting out on the beach, enjoying our well-deserved vacation. The three of us had just graduated from college and were "renting" my aunt's condo for the week. We were out on the beach pretending to read, but really we were people-watching.

Rachel had handed me the sunscreen and requested I keep her from burning. I was now drawing designs in the white goo by connecting freckles on Rachel's back. I loved finding patterns in things and drew every chance I got, even when putting sunscreen on my friend's back. There was a reason I had loved my time in art school.

"Are you painting her back?" Jenny asked, flipping her brown side-ponytail over her shoulder. She liked to tease me about my proclivity to make art on anything. I deserved it since I had "modified" our pancakes that morning to make them prettier. We had to go get breakfast at the local diner because pretty did not equal edible. She was never going to let me live it down.

"Just seeing a pattern in her freckles," I answered, tracing a perfect circle around her shoulder blade.

"You get me burned with one of your abstract designs, and I will put cockroaches under your pillow," Rachel threatened, looking back at me over her Ray-Ban sunglasses. I knew she was just teasing, but I quickly finished rubbing the rest of the sunscreen into her back.

"There, all done," I said, adjusting my hat on my head. Rachel grinned at me, her black hair gleaming in the sunlight. "You get any responses on those internships?" I asked Rachel as I took the sunscreen bottle and put a little bit more on my arms. I had the type of skin that burned just by me thinking about sunshine.

"I talked to my aunt last night, and there haven't been any phone calls," she said, trying to hide her disappointment. "She checked our mail, but all we have is an electric bill."

"You'll hear something soon," Jenny promised. "Your stuff is good. You know I wouldn't be able to get dressed without you half the time."

I snickered quietly. Jenny loved anything that had color and didn't seem to understand that striped tiger pants and a neon yellow tank-top shouldn't be paired together.

"Well, at least I've still got my job at Charlie's," Rachel replied. She was trying her best to sound upbeat, but I knew she was having a hard time. Not having an internship or any job prospects while Jenny and I had gotten our dream jobs was hard on her.

I smiled gently at her and tried to go back to my book, but I was distracted. Three men were standing at the water's edge, one of them dripping from his swim trunks. They were each different and yet still delicious. There was the wet man with dark hair, a blonde man with muscles that looked like he could throw a horse, and then one with a delectable tan, dark hair and a tattoo. An eagle spread across his perfectly muscled shoulder, something caught in its talons as it screamed in defiance.

I realized all three of them had the same tattoo, but it was the one I noticed first that had my attention. Tall, with dark hair and perfectly tanned skin, I couldn't take my eyes off of him. He was a living, breathing version of my ideal man. I was about to get up and introduce myself, but the three men walked away. I could see Jenny's eyes following them, and I knew she would want to go out looking for them tonight. For once, I was glad she was such a flirt. I needed to find him.

***

The bar was called The Pirate's Revenge, and it was the biggest bar in town. If I was going to find that man, it would be here. I had dressed in my favorite acid-washed jeans with a form-fitting neon green top. I knew I looked good since my top contrasted nicely with my blonde hair and brought out the green of my eyes.

When we stepped inside, I saw him almost immediately. The three men from the beach were leaning against the bar, talking and laughing. The one I had seen earlier was wearing a bright red shirt and jeans that hugged his perfect ass. I could feel myself heating up just looking at him.

Jenny, ever the bold one, sidled up to the bar, wedging herself between a bar stool and the dark-haired man who had been swimming. "Hey, Soldier."

I cringed a little inwardly. She was too audacious for her own good. The dark-haired man looked her up and down, but my eyes were on Redshirt.

"Hey, yourself," the dark-haired man answered. He set down his drink.

"Can I buy you a drink?" Jenny asked. I wondered how she could be so brazen, but guys always seemed to like her. I was way too shy to ever do what she did.

"Of course." The man smiled. "Whiskeys all around, then."

"I'll take one too," Rachel chimed in. The light in her eyes was focused entirely on the dark-haired man. I hoped she and Jenny weren't going to fight over him.

"What are we toasting to?" the blonde asked, raising his glass.

"To meeting new friends," Jenny shouted and downed her drink. I looked at my shot of whiskey and tried my best not to gag too much as I shot the burning liquid into my stomach.

"I'm Jenny. This is Rachel, and that's Kimberly." Jenny nodded at each of us.

"I'm Dean," the dark-haired man said, smiling at Rachel.

"I'm Matt," the blonde spoke up, "And this here's Anthony."

Anthony. I even loved his name.

"Call me Tony," he said. Our eyes met, and he smiled. His eyes were brown and warm, like hot chocolate and sunshine. There was a charm to his smile that drew me in and made me never want to leave him.

Jenny continued to flirt with Dean and Matt, but I only had eyes for Tony. Tony held out his hand, and I took it, following him to a booth. I didn't care what Jenny, Rachel, or the other two men were doing. I would have run off into the sunset with Tony in an instant.

"Kimberly, right?" he asked as we sat down. I nodded. "I've always liked that name. Was it you I saw earlier on the beach? With the hat?"

I nodded again. "I didn't think you had seen me."

"How could I have missed the prettiest girl on the beach?" He sipped on his drink, pretending that he hadn't just given me a compliment. I felt my cheeks paint themselves with blush.

"Now I'm really glad I found you here tonight," I said honestly. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. I had never felt this level of attraction to someone so early on. I could barely believe how much I already loved just looking at him. How much I wanted him to touch me. How much I wanted him. It was intoxicating and almost frightening.

"I actually only came because I thought you might be here. I'm not usually big on bars," he admitted.

I laughed. "Me neither. I'm not really a big partier."

"You want to get out of here?" he asked suddenly. He raised his eyebrows, inclining his head toward the door. I would have followed him anywhere, and the idea both excited and scared me a little. Jenny was always accusing me of being too trusting, but I couldn't help it with Tony. It was like I had found a piece of myself I hadn't even known was missing until he spoke to me. Now I couldn't imagine not at least following him out of the bar.

"Yeah. Let's get out of here," I said with a grin. I looked over to see Jenny hanging on Matt while Dean and Rachel flirted at the bar. I didn't even care if the other girls saw me leave with him. Tony's face lit up. It had been less than two minutes, and I already felt like I was head over heels in love.

We stepped out into the humid darkness, our ears still ringing from the music in the bar. Everything sounded muffled. Tony shook his head as if he were trying to rattle his hearing loose, and pointed toward the beach.

"You want to walk on the beach?"

I nodded and we headed in the direction of the water. We walked side by side, our hands almost brushing but not quite. Every time they came close, I could feel electricity prickle my skin. I wanted to touch him so badly it almost hurt. I didn't want to appear too forward and scare him off, so I just let my hand hang to my side, waiting for our fingers to brush one another.

The night was beautiful. I couldn't have imagined a more romantic setting if I had tried. Moonlight glinted off the waves, turning each ripple into a magic mirror of the sky. A warm breeze ruffled my hair and filled the air with the smell of saltwater. Throw in the most handsome man I had ever met walking beside me, and I was fairly sure I was dreaming.

We stepped onto the sand, and I took my shoes off, carrying them in the hand that wasn't close to Tony. The tide was going out, leaving us a space to walk. The warm, dry sand changed to cool firmness as we moved closer to the waves.

"Where are you staying?" I asked, speaking now that my hearing had finally returned to normal.

"My aunt has a place just up the beach from here," he answered, his gaze flitting toward a spot ahead of us where the house would be.

"That's funny," I said with a nervous giggle. I wasn't sure how he managed to make me feel giddy just walking next to him, but my mind couldn't seem to focus on anything except how close his hand was to mine. "I'm staying at my aunt's place, too!"

"This must be the beach for aunts," Tony replied, the grin on his face evident in his voice. "I wonder if they know one another."

"Wouldn't that be a funny, small-world story?" I tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. I sounded so boring to myself, but my brain wasn't functioning well enough to come up with something more clever. I could feel the heat of his hand just inches from mine.

"So," he said, clearing his throat. I wondered if he was as suddenly nervous as I was. "You're staying at your aunt's place. This just a vacation for you girls?"

"Yeah," I answered, nodding. "We just graduated from college and we needed a way to celebrate. My aunt is renting the place to us for basically nothing, and we all pitched in on gas."

I was rambling, but I couldn't help it. It was just so hard to think of anything besides how close he was to me. How much I would like to kiss those perfectly-shaped lips. How much I would like to trace his tattooed shoulder with my fingers.

"So far it's been very relaxing and wonderful," I summarized. "What about you? Vacation? Visiting your aunt?"

His hand brushed mine, his heat searing straight into my soul. Instead of pulling away, he took my hand in his, finally putting an end to my agony. His hand was warm and strong around mine.

"I used to spend summers here with my aunt when I was a kid," he answered smoothly, as if nothing had happened and he wasn't holding my hand. "Her house is my favorite place in the world. She's up in New York until July, so she's letting us stay here."

"Any reason for the vacation?" I loved the sound of his voice. It was smooth and low and incredibly sexy. Especially while walking hand in hand on a moonlit beach.

"The three of us are on leave." He shrugged, tugging my hand gently upward with the motion. "This was the perfect spot to catch some RandR before our next mission."

The military terms, the eagle tattoo, and the response to Jenny's "soldiers" greeting confirmed it for me. "What branch of the military are you in?"

He laughed, the rich sound mingling with the deep night air. "I guess I gave myself away. So much for appearing mysterious." He turned and smiled at me, his dark eyes catching the moonlight. "Army."

"I've always liked those uniforms," I confessed. "The dress greens are especially nice."

"If I had known that, I would have brought them for you," he replied, responding as if we had known we were going to meet tonight.

"This may sound strange," I said before I could think of the consequences, "But I feel as though I've known you forever. I mean, I know it's only been, what, fifteen minutes? But..."

I fell silent. Jenny was always telling me I was too artsy and into feelings for my own good.

"No, it's not just you," he said quietly. "I feel the same."

My heart jumped. I looked down at my feet and smiled. He felt the same!

"This is my place," he said, stopping at the back porch of a big, beautiful beach house. It was easily worth a million dollars. He dropped my hand and hopped up the back porch steps.

"Whoa." My eyes widened a little. "I'm going to guess our aunts do not run in the same social circles. Our condo is about a mile inland and not nearly this big."

"Would you like a tour?" He grinned and offered me his hand. I took it and stepped up on the wooden porch.

"I would love one." I beamed at him. He went to the door and twisted the knob. Nothing happened.

"Well, this is embarrassing," he said, turning around with a sheepish look on his face. "Matt has the house keys."

"The blonde guy back at the bar, right?" I asked. Tony nodded and tried the door one more time.

I bit my lip. I didn't want to be too bold, but I didn't want to go back to the bar, and I most certainly did not want the night to end yet. I smiled wryly.

"If your friends do as well as you have, that would mean that they're all going to come back here. We can have my place all to ourselves." I was surprised at how easy the words came out. I wasn't the hop-in-the-sack-with-anyone kind of girl. I had one serious boyfriend since high school, and I was very selective when it came to choosing a partner. I always had to feel a serious connection with them.

But there was just something about Tony that did that for me. Something that made me trust him, want him, instinctively. I hadn't been kidding when I said I felt like I had known him forever. I wouldn't have been surprised if I had been able to list off his favorite color, music, and foods without ever having heard them. Being near him just felt right.

He turned to me and smiled. God, I already loved that smile. "Okay," Tony said. He offered me his arm, and together we walked down the street, arm in arm like royalty. I was just glad I got to touch him.

"So what do you do in the Army?" I asked. I felt a little silly, but I wanted to know everything about him. I wanted to stay up all night learning everything there was to no about him.

"Lots of things." He shrugged. "Our team specializes in protecting things."

"You protect things? Then I feel very safe." I stepped closer to him, hugging his arm. "You know, because this is a very dangerous neighborhood and all."

Tony glanced around at the bright streetlights, the well manicured lawns, and nice cars sitting in driveways. Several homes even had their windows open on the ground floor.

"Don't you worry, ma'am. No one will harm a hair on your head," he promised gravely, puffing his chest out and frowning at a sinister-looking bush. "What about you? You said you're a student?"

"I just graduated with my degree in art." I loved the way his arm felt under mine. He was strong. "I'm supposed to go to LA when we get back and intern with a film company. I'm going to help make movie sets. It's what I've always wanted to do."

"Any plans to become an actress?" he asked. I laughed.

"Actress? Me?" I shook my head fervently. "No. Besides a complete inability to act, I'm not exactly what Hollywood actresses look like."

"Bullshit."

I turned to look at him, surprised at the sudden language.

"You're gorgeous," he explained. He dropped my arm and stepped back, looking me up and down. Appraising me. I blushed, knowing his eyes were undressing me. I was pale, heavier than I wanted to be, and yet thin in my arms. My friends always said I was petite and tiny, but I never felt that way. I had never seen myself as beautiful. My best feature was my hair, but I was far from gorgeous. His face said he wasn't lying, though. I didn't know what to do with him looking at me like this, so I tucked my hands in my pockets and blushed.

"Pose for me," he commanded, frowning at my hands hiding in my jeans. "Like an actress would."

My blush deepened, but I struck my best model pose, throwing one hand up in the air and thrusting out a hip. He brought his hands up like he was holding a camera and took an imaginary picture.

"Yup," he said nodding at the invisible camera shot. "Gorgeous. You'd take them all by storm."

I dropped my arms and glared at him. "You have a silver tongue, sir," I teased him.

"So I've been told," he said nonchalantly and gave a self-deprecating laugh. "Well, not really, but I like to think so."

His almost shy smile took hold of my heart as he offered me his arm again and we continued to walk toward the condo.

"So what do you think Dean and Matt's chances are with your friends?" he asked. I frowned, pulling back slightly. He smiled reassuringly at me. "I mean, I just want to know so I can buy them the appropriate ice cream when they get their hearts dashed to pieces."

The idea of the big, muscled Matt crying into a container of ice cream was rather amusing. It wasn't something I could ever see happening.

"Well, Jenny will go home with any guy who smiles and buys her a drink.," I answered honestly. "Rachel's fairly picky, but that Dean guy looks like just her type. She has a thing for blue eyes."

"So, Dean has a shot with Rachel. That's good. He liked her, and Matt..."

"Matt has a sure thing with Jenny," I interrupted. He raised his eyebrows at me. I shrugged. "I love my friends, but I do know their habits."

I pulled out the keys from my pocket as we approached the front door of the condo. It looked small after the luxury of Tony's aunt's palace, but it was cozy and I liked it.

"What about me?" Tony asked, leaning against the door frame as I unlocked the door and pushed it open. "What are my chances?"

"Play your cards right, and you'll see," I teased. grinning at him. The guy was two steps from being inside my condo. He pretty much had a sure thing as well.

"You mean like this?" He caught my arm, pulling me back onto the porch in a spin that landed me in his arms. He then palmed the back of my neck and pulled me into him, connecting our mouths in a kiss that took my breath away. His tongue traced the curve of my lips, begging for entry. I opened my mouth and let him kiss me more deeply, and holy cow, did he rock my world. The man could kiss. I hooked my fingers in the belt loops of his jeans, pressing myself into him. My world was spinning out of control with that perfect kiss, and he was the only solid thing I had to hold on to.

He slowly released me from his kiss, leaving me gasping for more.

"You're definitely on the right track," I whispered. He grinned, illuminating the night with his beaming smile. I stepped into the condo, my heart fluttering in my chest, glad that he was right behind me. This was going to be the best night of my vacation.

Chapter 3

Present Day

There was a small grocery store on the corner of the street by my apartment on my way to the coffee shop. I stood in front of it for a good minute, trying to decide if I should buy some coffee for tomorrow now, or on my way back. I decided on "now" because on my way back, I would have my hands full of delicious mocha latte.

"Hi, Kim," a happy voice greeted me from across the quiet store. Penny, one of the employees waved at me. She was a cute, little college student that had worked in the store for the past few years. Since it was the only place I shopped, the two of us had become casual friends. I waved back and headed in her direction. She was restocking the coffee.

"Anything new I should try?" I asked, trying to start a conversation. I thought that maybe a little human contact might make me feel better. Less lost in the world.

"Nah, just same old same old," she said with a shrug. "Well, unless you count this as new..."

She thrust out her left hand. A small, sparkly diamond glittered on her ring finger.

"It's beautiful," I said, taking her hand and peering at the stone. I hoped I sounded excited, because I certainly didn't feel it. It wasn't that I wasn't happy for her, I really was, but someone else's wedding was the last thing I wanted to think about with Tony on my mind.

"It was Jeremy's grandmother's," she cooed, grinning at the ring. "He proposed last night. It was super romantic."

"That's wonderful!" I let go of her ring and forced my face into a happy smile. I really was happy for her, just jealous. Incredibly jealous.

"I thought we were going out because he just got this big promotion. He got a dozen red roses, because they're my favorite, and made reservations at Le Chez..." Penny continued, launching into a complete retelling of the entire night. I stood there, nodding and making the appropriate noises, but my heart wasn't in it. Sweet little Penny was getting everything I had wanted in life.

"And then, my mom and dad showed up and I knew something was going on..."

My family was gone. I didn't have any siblings, and all my older relatives had died off as the years passed. Since I had never married, I didn't have any other family. I had some good work friends, but many of them had their own families. I spent most of my evenings alone. As Penny gave every wonderful detail of the proposal, I couldn't help but compare our two lives. I felt I was coming up short. She was telling me all the things I had dreamed of having, but never would.

"The whole restaurant was full of our friends and family, and he just stood up in front of all of them to propose. It was so sweet of him to think of all of it," Penny finished. She had a happy, wistful look on her face. I could see wedding dresses and flowers already floating through her mind.

"I'm so happy for you, Penny." I picked out a bag of coffee and held it in the crook of my arm. "Congratulations."

"Thank you! I think we're going to have a June wedding. My niece will be just old enough to be the flower girl. I'll be sure to get you an invitation!"

"That is incredibly kind of you, thank you. I wish you all the best," I said, my voice cracking a little at the end. Penny was a sweet girl. I had even met her Jeremy once or twice, and the two of them seemed incredibly in love; it was my own lack of love and future that pained me. Penny had nowhere to go but up, and I had nowhere but down. I didn't want to hear any more of her perfect life. I was envious enough as it was.

"We'll have dancing, so be sure to bring a date," Penny added. I managed a smile and a nod. I knew I wouldn't have a date. I could try, but I knew my heart wouldn't be in it. If my dreams of Tony recently were any indication, my heart had been given away a long time ago.

"Congratulations again, Penny," I said, patting her shoulder and then bolting to the checkout line. I just wanted to get home and put my coffee away. I thought about just staying in, making the coffee in my single-serve pot, but the idea of a specialty coffee with whipped cream sounded so much better. I needed the treat. I needed something to look forward to, even if it was just a cup of coffee.

I handed my bag of coffee to the cashier and tried not to think about the fact that my life's greatest pleasure was a cup of coffee.

Chapter 4

June 7th, 1990

I lay awake, nestled in the curve of Tony's shoulder, listening to his steady heartbeat in the early morning. I had been awake for at least half an hour, just listening to him breathe. The sun was still just waking up herself, filling the room with a cold gray light that would soon melt into warmth.

I was in love. I knew it already. The feeling filled me from the core of my stomach to the tips of my toes. Even my hair felt in love. I had never met anyone like Tony. He thought I was beautiful, smart, and so sexy. He could barely keep his hands off me. In addition, he treated me like a princess. He opened doors and pulled out my chair.

I took a deep breath, taking in the smell of his skin. It was warm and had the aroma of sunshine. My hand traced the curve of his pectoral muscle, down the line of his abs, each of them perfectly sculpted and beautiful. He was like a Greek statue. I couldn't believe that he was here, in my bed. It had to be a dream. There was no way I could fall this head over heels in love with someone I had met just two days before. It wasn't logical. It was magical. It was fate.

The alarm on the nightstand started to beep, destroying my morning of admiration. Tony groaned and opened one eye to glare at the offending clock. His fingers wiggled along the nightstand until he found the "Snooze" button. With the beeping stopped, he relaxed back into his pillow and I could feel him drifting back to sleep.

"Wake up, sleepy head," I whispered and kissed his cheek.

"Mmmph." He scowled a little.

"Today is your fun boys' day, remember?" I said gently, still playing with the muscles of his chest and abs. I circled one nipple on his pectoral, letting it harden as I played with it. "You were looking forward to this."

"Well, now you've got me looking forward to something else," he mumbled, his voice heavy with sleep but filled with want. I giggled and kissed the soft skin where his shoulder joined his body. He was all muscle with just enough meat on his bones to make him look real.

"Just think, motorcycles... loose women... money..." I shifted my position so I could take his nipple into my mouth, running my tongue along the upright nub. He groaned with pleasure.

"You certainly do make getting up easier." I could hear a laugh hiding under his words. It took me a moment to get the dirty joke, but when it hit me, I smacked his chest. He laughed and grabbed my fingers, kissing the tips of each one. I bit my lip. Maybe we could get another romp in before...

The alarm clock went off again. He was quicker finding the "Snooze" button this time since he was actually awake.

"You are going to be late," I said, pushing at his ribs to roll him out of bed. Despite my best efforts, he didn't even budge.

"What if I would rather spend my day with you? Here in bed?" He rolled onto his side and up onto an elbow so he could cradle his head in his hand. It made the muscles of his shoulder and bicep pop out. It was such a tempting offer.

"I think your friends would miss you." I tried to keep from drooling while looking at his arms. The idea of having those arms on either side of my head again, his body writhing against mine...

He leaned forward and kissed my forehead. "I'll see plenty of them in a week. I only have right now with you."

My heart melted a little bit. But I knew he had been looking forward to this day for a long time. All three of them had. They had been planning it for weeks. While I loved the idea of getting to spend every second with him, I also didn't want him to flake out on his friends. They technically had dibs on him first.

"You couldn't stop talking about how excited you were about this last night," I reminded him gently. "How grateful you were that your old neighbor was letting you borrow the bikes. Besides, the guys are going to be here any minute, and you are going to look funny answering the door like that."

I nodded down to the tent growing in the sheets. He frowned slightly.

"That," he said, eyeing the upright bed covering, "is entirely your fault."

"Get up," I commanded, trying not to giggle.

"Yes, ma'am," he answered, jumping out of bed. He didn't even bother to try and cover himself as he went around the room picking up his scattered clothing. I sat back and enjoyed the view. The man had an exquisite ass.

"You sure you want me to go?" he asked, pulling the shirt down over his head. "I know the guys would understand... Jim will still give them the bikes, even if I'm not there..."

"Go!" I told him with a laugh. "While you three are all off being macho, we girls have plans too."

A loud knock on the door to the condo announced the arrival of the other two men. I could hear Dean shouting, "Frontera!" at the front door. Tony grinned and hurried over to kiss me one last time. His lips pressed against mine for far too short a time, and he stole a quick kiss on the top of my nose.

"I'll see you this afternoon. Don't go kissing anybody else," he teased. I threw his pillow at him, which he easily dodged, darting out the door and down the stairs to meet his friends.

Chapter 5

June 7th, 1990

I wasn't paying attention to my book. I wasn't paying attention to the people walking down the beach or the kids building a sandcastle at the house next door. No, I was intently listening for the roar of a motorcycle coming up the driveway, because that would mean Tony was back.

Rachel turned over on her beach towel, letting the sun tan her back. She and Jenny looked perfectly at ease out on the beach. I sat on my towel, watching the waves and listening. I wondered if they were listening too.

I heard them. To me, they were like rumbling thunder in the distance. But it got louder, and my heart sped up as the sound of three motorcycle engines revved up to the house.

"They're here!" I practically shouted, throwing my book down on the sand and taking off for the driveway. The speed at which Jenny was on my heels told me she was listening for their arrival as well. Rachel was the last one to come up to the driveway.

Jenny ran out into the street and hopped onto the back of Matt's bike, wrapping her arms around his broad chest as he began to drive up and down on the street.

Tony and Dean were showing off for us. The two of them weaved back and forth in an intricate figure-eight that looked deadly. Dean motioned with his hand, and they switched from the death defying dance into a tight circle, chasing one another but never going anywhere. Their bikes were nearly parallel to the ground, spinning until I was dizzy.

Tony pulled out of the spin, revving his engine as he drove to where I stood. I had my hands on my face in complete amazement. Not only was the guy good-looking and fantastic in bed, but he could ride a bike like he was born on one.

"Wanna ride?" Tony asked, grinning at me. My face hurt I was smiling so hard. I nodded, and he pulled me onto the back of his bike. He revved the engine and took off his helmet, handing it back to me. I kissed his cheek and put it on. He revved the engine again, making me giggle and I held tight to his strong body.

Rachel seemed hesitant to get on the bike with Dean, but she finally did. Together the three of us raced up and down the quiet street.

I loved how I felt so safe on the back of Tony's motorcycle. I was vibrating with the engine and holding onto Tony, pressing myself into him. It was almost as if the three of us-Tony, the bike, and I-were one. Tony and Matt pretended to rush one another, darting to their respective rights at the very last second. I could almost feel the breeze from Jenny's hair.

Tony turned and together, he and Matt revved their engines and rushed toward Dean. I knew Tony and Matt were going to let Dean slide through the space between them. It was such a rush. I laughed, throwing my head back in exhilaration.

"Let me off!" Rachel screamed, pounding her hand on Dean's back. He pulled quickly to the side of the road and she threw herself off the bike and into the grass. She fought off the helmet and looked like she was about to be sick. Dean hurried to her side with concern in his eyes. Matt and Tony stopped their daredevil antics and let their bikes idle in the street as we waited.

Rachel shook her head fervently at something Dean said, and he nodded, taking the helmet from her shaking hands. He said something, and she gave him a week smile as he put the helmet back on and got back on his bike. He rode over to where we waited.

"So, Rachel's not feeling up for riding," he said as if we hadn't been watching. "I'm going to put my bike in the garage. Will you make sure it gets back to Jim?"

"Of course," Tony promised. "You go make sure she's okay."

I gave him a silent hug. Dean nodded and steered his bike up to the garage of the big beach house. We watched him for a moment as he turned off the engine and started to jog to catch up to Rachel. I hadn't noticed, but she was almost halfway to the boardwalk.

"Few more laps around the neighborhood, and then get some grub?" Matt asked. Jenny peeped over his shoulder like a Cheshire cat.

Tony nodded and revved his engine. I felt the motorcycle vibrate underneath me, sending shivers of excitement up my thighs and pulsing on my nether regions. Between the sensation of the bike and being pressed against Tony, it wouldn't be difficult to find ecstasy.

Tony and Matt weaved their motorcycles back and forth across the quiet street, giving us a ride. It wasn't near the level of daredevilry as earlier, but it was still fun. The sound of their engines was deafening. I laughed and held onto Tony, enjoying every sensation. The sun was warm on my back when we finally pulled into a driveway of a large, gray beach house. An older gentlemen with a shock of white hair came out to greet us.

"Tony Frontera!" the older man said, reaching out to grasp Tony's hand. "Did you boys have fun?"

"We had a great time, Mr. Lee," Tony answered, shaking his hand. "They handled like a dream. I really appreciate you letting us use them. We left one in my aunt's garage, but I can go back and get it for you."

"First of all, Tony, it's Jim. Not Mr. Lee." Jim smiled. "And second, I'm glad you boys had fun. I was in the service at your age, and I would have loved this."

"We really thank you, Mr. Lee," Matt said, helping Jenny off the bike. Jim opened his garage to reveal several rows of motorcycles. It looked like they were his passion.

"I'll go get that other bike for you, Mr... Jim," Tony said as he carefully finished putting away his motorcycle.

"Don't worry about it, Tony," Jim said, waving his hand through the air to dismiss the offer. "I'll walk back with you and get it myself. Been meaning to go out for a ride today anyway."

Jim closed his garage, and the small group of us began the short walk back to Tony's place. Matt had his arm looped casually over Jenny's shoulder, and I could see her elbow him in the ribs every time he let his hand fall to touch her breast. In contrast, Tony held my hand as we walked, keeping up a conversation with Jim.

"So, how long have you known Tony, Mr. Lee?" I asked as we walked. Jim smiled at me.

"Tony used to spend every summer up here at his Aunt Maria's house." The older man's eyes lit up in memory. "I once caught him trying to sneak into my garage when you were what, ten?"

"Nine. But yeah..." Tony said sheepishly. "In my defense, they were really awesome."

"I taught him how to drive," Jim remembered. "Both a motorcycle and a car. Your aunt was always glad to have you here."

"I was always glad to be here. Beat being home." Tony shrugged.

"Well, I enjoyed teaching you," Mr. Lee said. "And I'm glad I was able to give you boys a good time while you were home."

We walked up the long driveway to the beach house, and Tony opened the garage for Mr. Lee.

"Thank you again, sir," Matt said. Jenny echoed a similar sentiment. Mr. Lee nodded to them, and they went inside. Mr. Lee went to his bike and picked up the helmet Dean had left carefully perched on the handlebars.

"It was good to see you, Tony." Mr. Lee stepped forward and caught Tony in a hug. "Don't be a stranger around here when you get back, okay?"

"I won't, sir." Tony grinned at him. "I like the bikes too much."

Mr. Lee laughed. "Take care of him," he said, turning to me. "He's a good man."

With that he got on the bike and started the engine. Tony waved as his neighbor powered down the driveway and out of sight. I stood next to Tony, my hand sliding easily into his.

"He's more to you than just a neighbor, isn't he?" I asked. Tony nodded, his eyes still following Mr. Lee.

"When my dad died, my mom kinda freaked. Didn't know what to do with me. She pawned me off a lot on my aunt, and so I spent a lot of time here." His voice was distant. There was no sadness in it, just fact. It made my heart break. I could just see him as a boy, skinny and shy, trying to sneak into Mr. Lee's garage to look at the motorcycles. "My aunt and Mr. Lee have a lot of the same friends. He took me under his wing when I was here."

Tony was quiet for a moment, his mind lost to memories of his childhood. "He said he taught you how to drive?" I prompted.

"Yeah," Tony said with a smile. "He taught me how to shave, too. The man is basically the closest thing I have to a father."

"I'm glad you got to see him on your trip then," I said, squeezing his hand.

"Me too. I had lunch with him when we got here, so that was good."

"I think he was right about you," I said quietly to myself, watching as Tony straightened up the garage before closing it. "You are a good man."

Chapter 6

Present Day

It had rained the night before, so the world smelled clean and fresh. Small puddles were disappearing into the warmth of the day, but water lingered in the shadows where the sun couldn't reach yet. It was a beautiful, perfect California day, but even the weather couldn't relieve me of my funk.

The line was mercifully short at the coffee shop, and I took my mocha latte with extra whip outside so I could sit in the sunshine. At least the chocolatey coffee combo was starting to lift my mood. I sipped gently and closed my eyes, letting the sunshine and memories flood through me.

Tony's smile. His easy laugh. The way the light caught his eyes and made them shine.

I finished off the whip cream on my coffee and moved out of the sun and into the shade. Despite living in California for almost twenty years, I still burned like paper in a furnace.

I opened my eyes and took another sip of my coffee. A ladybug had landed on the lid of my coffee. I smiled and coaxed the small red and black insect onto a leaf and away from my coffee. Ladybugs were lucky. Tony used to call me ladybug. A man in a leather jacket bumped into me, murmuring an apology before disappearing around the corner. He had jet black hair and brown eyes... and looked just like Tony.

My mouth reacted before I had time to think logically. "Tony!" I hurried after him, almost running to catch up with him. I turned the corner to see the back of his head disappear around another building.

"Frontera!" I yelled out, hoping that he would respond. I flew around the building, jostling several people out of my way in order to get to him. Out of breath, I rounded the corner and came into a small courtyard with a marble fountain in the center. Other than the fountain and myself, there was no one there.

I leaned against the wall. There was no where else the man could have gone. I must have been imagining things. It couldn't have been Tony. Tony was dead, not walking around the streets in a leather jacket and not looking a day over thirty.

I tossed what was left of my coffee in a trashcan. Most of it was now spilled across my arm anyway. I thought about just going home, but the fountain emanated a quiet peacefulness that I craved.

I went and sat on the grass at the base of the fountain. The gentle sound of falling water was soothing to my soul. I leaned my head back against the cool marble, letting my thoughts drift again.

Tony and I stood in the corner, our foreheads pressed together, pretending we were in our own little world and that we could stay there forever. We didn't speak; we didn't need to. He was leaving. He was only here on vacation and now had to return to duty. All he could tell me was that he was going to the Middle East. It was dangerous, but he promised me he would come back.

"You know I'm going to write you every day, right?" he whispered. I gave a tiny nod, not wanting to break away. I was desperately trying to keep my tears at bay.

"You better."

He reached up and caressed my cheek, lifting his head so that he could kiss the tip of my nose. I could hear Dean and Rachel enter the room, and I silently cursed them. If they were downstairs, it meant it was time for us to leave for the airport. Despite my fervent wishes, time was marching onward and Tony needed to get on a plane.

I held Tony's hand, afraid to let him go. I had fallen hard for him in just the space of a couple of days. My heart told me that he was the one. He was the one I was supposed to be with. Fate had pushed us together and I wanted to slap her for making us part.

"It's only going to be for a little while, I promise," Tony said quietly, as if reading my thoughts. "I love you."

I met his eyes, seeing the love and heartache. They were warm like a summer's day. I could live in those eyes.

"I love you. I think I always will." I kissed him then, letting my lips show him because words didn't seem adequate. I loved him with my whole heart, with every fiber of my being. We had a connection that I had never thought possible, especially after such a short amount of time.

He had written me every day after that. The letters had arrived at my new LA address without incident. I had looked forward to them like a child at Christmas. They had been sent to a base in Texas for some additional training before being sent away. I had thought about buying a plane ticket to visit him, but I didn't have the funds or available vacation time.

When Iraq invaded Kuwait and triggered the start of the Gulf War, the letters had slowed. Tony, Dean, and Matt had all been sent on a mission and the letters became less frequent as the danger to them increased. One night in January, I woke up screaming for him. My poor roommate was scared half to death. Then the letters stopped arriving. I called military bases and media outlets, desperately checking casualty lists. I had collapsed when I found his name on one of them. Sgt. Anthony Frontera: Killed In Action.

I was in shock for days. When I finally stopped crying, I picked up the phone to call Rachel and Jenny, to see if they new anything. Jenny told me she hadn't spoken to Matt since the airport. Rachel, on the other hand...

"Rachel," I asked into the phone. I could hear what sounded like a busy office in the background. "Do you ever talk to Dean at all?"

She sighed. "No. He never wrote me. Not even once. He broke my heart, Kimberly," she said bitterly. "I don't want to talk about him, okay? Just pretend like we never met those boys."

I didn't have the heart to tell her after that. I knew Dean and Matt were injured in whatever had killed Tony, but if she didn't want to know, I wasn't going to be the one to tell her. We never really talked much after that. We exchanged the regular happy Christmas card updates, and became friends on myFace as the years went on, but we were no longer a part of each other's lives.

I wasn't sure how Rachel and Dean had come back to each other after being apart for so long, but the wedding invitation was proof enough that they had. I was happy for them. It was a love story that should have warmed my heart, but my loss of Tony made it bittersweet. My love story didn't have a happy ending. It never would.

I wiped a tear from my cheek. That had been over twenty years ago. I had often wondered what my life would have been like if Tony hadn't died. I liked to think we would have ended up happily married with kids and a dog. I had never found anyone that made me feel the way he did.

"It would be better than this," I said softly. My life wasn't bad, but it was lonely. I had friends and a job that I enjoyed, did yoga on weekends and was part of a book club, but it wasn't enough. My own family was gone and I didn't have a husband or children. I was very much alone in the world.

"How do you find another love of your life?" I asked the fountain. It just gurgled and splashed in response.

I stood, examining the fountain. I didn't remember it being here before. The courtyard wasn't one of my usual walking spots, but I seemed to remember a small retaining pond here before. Now there was a beautiful marble fountain with three tiers growing in size as they descended. Water poured down the levels until it splashed into a basin at the bottom. I loved it.

I reached my hand out to catch a stream of water, enjoying the cool splash on my skin. I held the water in my palm for a moment before dropping it into the collecting basin at the bottom. Copper and silver coins speckled the bottom, reflecting the light of the water in pretty arcs and shimmers.

I pulled a penny from my pocket. It was shiny and caught the morning sunlight. I held it in my hand, squeezing my fingers around the coin.

"I wish I had Tony again. I wish I could've stopped him from going. I wish I had the chance to be with him again," I whispered.

I tossed the coin into the fountain. It hit the water with a small plop; the coin sank slowly to the bottom and settled on the other coins. Nothing else happened. There was no magic. Nothing. I was still alone.

I wiped a tear from my cheek and turned from the fountain. I headed back home to try and work on my painting and forget the morning.

Chapter 7

June 7th, 1990

Jenny and I made a pasta salad for dinner. Penne pasta, sun-dried tomatoes, artichokes, avocados, tomatoes, feta cheese, and a handful of arugula came together with fresh basil and olive oil in a bowl to make a little piece of heaven.

"We might even get them to eat something green," Jenny joked as she stirred the mixture together. I wasn't sure if her ploy was going to work, but the salad looked amazing. Jenny was one of the best cooks I had ever met. I was going to miss living with her.

The boys lay sprawled out in Adirondack chairs on the back porch, each drinking a beer. Jenny opened the screen door and put her hand on the back of Matt's chair.

"Hey, honey, dinner's ready," Jenny said in a sickly sweet voice. I couldn't help but laugh at her impression of a housewife. Despite her amazing cooking abilities, I couldn't see Jenny being a housewife. Ever. She had too much energy bottled inside of her, too much excitement for going out and partying to ever be stuck at home. I pitied the man who thought he could make her a homemaker.

"Did I hear that dinner's ready?" Dean asked, coming up the steps. Rachel grinned at us. There were tear marks on her cheeks, but she was all smiles now. I knew her cousin had been in a pretty bad motorcycle accident the year before, and I wondered if that was where her anxiety around the motorcycles originated. Thinking about it, I was surprised she had gotten on one at all. She must have really trusted Dean.

"Yeah, but only because Rachel didn't make it," I teased through the open door, and she stuck her tongue out at me.

"If I had made it, we would be eating pizza." She threw herself into a chair, and Dean went inside to get them drinks. "I have the unique ability to burn water."

I pulled out plates and started spooning the salad onto them. Dean managed to balance two plates with forks and two opened beers and navigate the screen door to bring it out to Rachel. Tony came inside to help me carry the food out. He sat in one of the chairs, and I sat at his feet, enjoying being near him. If I sat on a chair, I wouldn't get to touch him.

"What about me?" Matt asked, as everyone settled on the porch with their food. Jenny hadn't brought his out, and he hadn't gotten up to get it. Jenny raised her eyebrow at him and took a big bite of pasta. He made an over dramatic pout and got up. He rustled around in the kitchen before returning to his seat with a heaping plate of food.

The six of us sat and ate quietly. It was a testament to the food that we wanted to eat more than we wanted to talk. I could tell the boys were fairly worn out from their day. I wondered what they had done all day. I probably didn't want to know, but looking over at Tony, I knew he would tell me if I asked. The thought made me smile. I wasn't going to ask, but I hoped they had the time of their lives riding around on those bikes.

"I think I'm going to hit the hay a little early tonight, guys," Jenny said once we had all finished our meals. The sun was just starting to tip into the ocean, turning the world red and gold. The sun reflected off the waves like a glowing jewel being set in a piece of jewelry. It was mesmerizing.

"What?" Matt frowned at her. "I thought we were..."

Jenny glared at him and raised her eyebrows as if she were trying to speak to him using only her mind. He grinned.

"Early night for me too," he said lamely. Rachel giggled, and Dean rolled his eyes as Jenny and Matt stood up and went inside. We could hear them both stomp up the stairs and start the water in the master bath. There was a bathtub in there that could fit seven.

I leaned back, Tony's legs on either side of me as we both stared out at the setting sun. He put his hands on my shoulders, brushing the hair away from them. His gentle touch sent shivers down my spine. I could have him touch me like that all day. This was how I wanted things to be forever. Only one more day before they have to leave... the little voice in my head whispered. I ignored it. I wanted to enjoy the time I had.

I watched the flight of a small ladybug as she flew across the deck and landed directly on my shirt. I smiled, putting my hand onto the fabric and coaxing the small creature onto my finger.

"Look, a ladybug," I said, holding her up for Tony to see. "She landed on me."

"She's a bug..." Tony replied, raising his eyebrows.

"Ladybugs are good luck." The little insect spread her wings and flew away, my eyes on her until she disappeared into the sunset. "They're especially lucky if they land on you."

"Lucky, huh?" Tony leaned forward and kissed the top of my head. "Then, I guess you must be a ladybug, because I feel pretty lucky with you around."

I turned and rose to my knees, making our eyes almost level. "I'm the lucky one," I whispered.

"Nope," he said, shaking his head and smiling. "You're my ladybug. Besides, if I landed on you I might crush you."

I giggled and leaned forward to kiss him, feeling his hands tangle in my hair. The kiss proved it. I was lucky. I was kissing Tony.

The sun finally surrendered to the ocean's embrace. Dark blues and purples filled the sky, reflecting the depth of the sea back to the clouds. Stars began to emerge and twinkle as they watched millions of lovers from their heavenly perches.

"You want to go for a walk with me?" Tony asked quietly. I turned around to nod, smiling at the idea of walking anywhere with him. Rachel and Dean were off in their own little world on the other side of the porch, and they didn't even look up as we left.

"I want to show you something," Tony said, taking my hand in his. I loved how warm he was. It was like he was my own personal oven. I wanted to go somewhere cold with him just so that I would have an excuse to cuddle closer.

We walked in comfortable silence through the deepening twilight. Even though I wanted to know everything I could about him, I loved that we didn't need to talk. There was no need to fill the silences with games or chatter.. We were comfortable with one another, even in the silences. I knew some married couples who didn't have that ability. It only made me further realize how perfect we were for one another.

The ocean shushed gently to our left as we walked along the beach. The sand was still warm under my feet from the heat of the day, and it squished between my toes in the most delightful way. I wondered where Tony was taking me as we wandered away from the lights of the houses.

The ocean came further into the land in a small inlet. Tony gave my hand a gentle squeeze as we approached the water.

"This is my favorite place in the entire world," he said softly, looking out at the ocean. "I wanted to share it with you."

A delightful warmth filled my heart. I wished I had something as beautiful to share with him, to make him feel the giddy happiness surging through me.

"It's beautiful," I replied. The stars and newly risen moon lit the small beach and bounced off the waves. The inlet was shallower than the rest of the beach, giving the water a slightly different color, even in the dark. It looked like the entrance to a magical world.

"When the tide goes out, this is the best place to find shells," Tony said. "When I was a kid, I used to find sharks' teeth here."

I lay my head against his shoulder, enjoying the view of the ocean as well as the sensation of him standing next to me. This was my idea of heaven.

"Thank you for showing me this," I whispered. I felt like he was showing me something he didn't let the outside world ever see. Something that was only for me.

"I wanted to bring you here to tell you something," he said slowly. His voice sounded shaky in the dark. He ran a hand through his black hair, the moonlight accentuating his every motion.

"What?" I asked. "You can tell me anything."

Tony moved so that he could see my face in the moonlight. His eyes shone in the dark like oceans that I wanted to dive into and never surface from.

"I love you, Kimberly." He said the words carefully, as though he were afraid I might not understand them. I understood them better than he knew. I felt the same. I had felt it since the moment we met.

I touched his face, smiling softly. His eyes searched mine. "I love you, Tony."

I had more to say. I wanted to tell him how strange it was. How we connected so easily, so deeply, so quickly. I wanted to tell him I knew this wasn't just a summer fling, that in my heart of hearts I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him. If he had proposed right there, I would have said yes and not have thought about it twice.

But I didn't need to say any of that. I had said the only words that mattered. I love you. Anything more was unnecessary. He felt the same way I did. He knew that our love was unique and beautiful without me having to say a word. Perhaps that was part of why I loved him. We fit as if we had been made to be together.

Tony tucked his chin, and our mouths found one another. His lips were warm and soft, his arms strong and safe, surrounding mine in their embrace. His hands tangled in my hair as mine pulled him toward me. The kiss was everything my words couldn't say. The want. The desire. The way he made me feel. Every movement with him felt right.

I forgot to breathe. My heart forgot the need to beat. They didn't need to when I was with Tony. When we broke apart, I gasped for air as my heart struggled to restart. The kiss had frozen a moment in time that I would remember forever. I loved Tony, and Tony loved me.

"Say it again," I begged. I could listen to him say those three words to me until the end of time.

"I love you, Ladybug," Tony whispered again, his lips in my hair as he hugged me close. I closed my eyes and smiled.

We stayed there, wrapped in a loving embrace on the moonlit beach for a long time. The night became cool, and mosquitoes finally decided to drive us indoors. We hurried back to my condo, knowing that the other couples would be at the beach house. We would have our little condo all to ourselves. With it being just the two of us, it was almost as if it were real life. We had one more full day together before we had to return from vacation, and we intended to enjoy every second of it.

Chapter 8

Present Day

I lay in bed, listening to the world outside as I tried to fall asleep. The clock was ticking in the kitchen, but instead of lulling me to sleep with its constant rhythm, it was just reminding me that time was slipping away.

I closed my eyes, willing myself to sleep. I finally gave up and opened them to find I was no longer in my bedroom. Mist filled the air and I could hear the sound of gurgling water. I sat up, peering into the gray to see the silhouette of the fountain from that morning. I rose carefully to my feet, the ground hidden in the mist. It felt flat and firm, but I still stepped cautiously as I moved toward the fountain.

As I approached, the mist surrounding it cleared. A woman was sitting on the rim, trailing her hand through the clear water in the basin. She was slender and dressed in a silver, form-fitting dress that reminded me of a princess. Her long blonde hair trailed over her shoulder in a complicated braid. As I stepped forward, she turned, her bright green eyes catching me and holding me prisoner.

"Hello, child," the woman said. Her voice was clear and rang through the space like a silver bell. She smiled and motioned me to sit beside her. I moved hesitantly, still unsure of what was going on.

"Am I dreaming?" I perched carefully on the edge of the fountain. The water babbled and splashed, but somehow I didn't get wet.

"In a sense. You are asleep, but you are not dreaming. This is very real." Her light pink lips curled up in a gentle smile. Mist curled around our feet, the fountain was the only solid thing in this universe.

"Oh," I said matter-of-factly. It all seemed so natural to me. I took a deep breath. This felt real, but I knew it couldn't be. "Where are we?"

"An in-between place." The beautiful woman touched my hand. "We are in the Fountain of Love. You made a wish." She turned my hand over and placed the shiny penny into my palm that I had thrown into the fountain hours earlier

"Who are you?" I whispered, staring at the penny.

"My name is Diana. I created this fountain a long time ago," she replied. Her hand released mine.

"Does that mean that you're going to grant my wish?" I asked, my voice hopeful. I gripped the penny tightly in my hand, afraid that if I let it go, this really would be nothing but a dream.

"That's up to you, child." Diana's perfectly arched brows came together. "It is a larger choice than you think."

"But I could have Tony back?"

Her face relaxed into a soft smile. "I can send you back in time. Give you the chance to save him."

"Tony..." I whispered, not even meaning to speak.

"But there is a risk." She touched my cheek, turning me to look into her green eyes. They were magically vibrant, with shades of emerald, green apple, and evergreen. "Playing with time changes everything. Everything you now have will be gone. Choices unmade for better and for worse. You even hazard being written out of time completely."

"But I could get Tony back?" I asked stubbornly. She gave a solemn nod. "Then, yes. Whatever I have to do, I say yes."

"Are you sure? You risk all," she said. She waved her hand over the water in the basin. Images appeared in the water of my paintings, my apartment, my friends. They all faded into mist and then back to clear water. "You risk all that you are and all that you have by choosing this."

I looked at her, meeting her eyes. "Yes. I would risk everything and more to save Tony."

"You must also know that things may not turn out as you wish. It is a risk to change time." Her eyes searched mine, delving into my soul.

"I understand." I looked away from her gaze. I knew that I wanted this, that I would agree to this without hesitation. "I would rather live in a world where he existed, even if it wasn't with me, than in a world where he is gone."

"Then you shall go back." Diana stood, her silver dress pooling like water at her feet. "But know this. You must get him to go with you. If he sets foot in the place he died, he will not be able to escape his fate. Even if he knows it is coming. He must completely change his future in order for him to survive."

"I understand," I said, nodding. I had to get him to run away with me then. "I want to go back to the day he left me. I have to tell him not to go."

Diana frowned slightly, but nodded gravely. "As you wish."

I stood up and faced the slim woman in silver as the mist surrounded us, obscuring everything. Diana's bright green eyes were the last thing I saw as the mist turned to darkness and I felt myself fall into it.

Chapter 9

June 9,1990

For the second time

I opened my eyes and noticed that the ceiling was different. I frowned for a moment before realizing where I was. My aunt's condo in Florida. With someone sleeping next to me.

I turned my head slowly, heart in my throat. There was Tony. He was still asleep, his chest rising and falling in an easy cadence. The pre-dawn light from the window highlighted his perfect features and made him look like an angel.

I propped myself up on an elbow and reached out a hesitant hand to touch him. I needed to know he was really there. His chest was warm and solid under my fingers, and I could feel his every breath. Tears of joy welled up in my eyes. My heart pounded in my chest and threatened to explode with happiness. He was here. He hadn't died. He was alive.

I kept my hand on him, watching him sleep. I didn't want to wake him and break the spell. Just seeing him alive and strong was giving me chills. I didn't want this moment to end. The love of my life was here in front of me. My heart ached with love. I had missed him so much.

The love of my life...

He stirred. "Whatcha looking at, Ladybug?" Tony asked, his voice still full of sleep. He cracked open one eye and looked at me.

"Just something wonderful," I whispered, surprised that my voice worked at all. I felt like I could laugh and cry at the same time. He was real. "You look so peaceful when you sleep."

His dark eyes opened and he sat up to look at me better. His eyes were exactly as I remembered them. Warm and brown and they completely absorbed me. "Are you okay?" he asked, his voice still rough from just waking.

I pushed myself to sitting, touching his cheek. There was a light stubble under my fingers, but he was warm to the touch. My dreams always ended here, and yet my dream hadn't ended yet. I didn't dare pinch myself because I didn't want this to end.

"I am now," I whispered softly, knowing it was true. And then I kissed him.

Our lips met, soft and sweet. I wanted to cry with joy. He wrapped his muscular arms around my body, his taste sweet on my tongue. I remembered him being muscular, but everything about him was so solid. I could have kissed him for hours. Every nerve in my body was aflame with desire and love.

I felt his desire as he touched me, something I hadn't felt for a long time. He wanted me, despite my wrinkles, my weight, my...

I pushed him away for a moment and touched my own body. I hadn't even realized I had woke up naked, but as my fingers ran down my body, I knew why. My skin was smooth, my br**sts were perky. I even felt like I had lost weight.

"Is everything okay?" Tony asked.

I laughed, sounding almost hysterical for a moment. I couldn't believe that I used to think that I weighed too much. I was hot, and I had a hot piece of meat in bed with me. I looked at the man who wanted me. "Everything's fine," I said, barely getting the words out before I began to kiss him again, this time with renewed vigor. I could feel him smile as our lips met, and I couldn't help but grin. I didn't think the smile would ever leave my face.

Tony rolled over on top of me, his hands roaming over every inch of my body. I wrapped my arms around him, my hands gripping at his strong back. His skin was warm against mine, and my breath caught in my throat as his hard pecs rubbed against my ni**les. He backed away for a moment, seeming to admire my face, then dove in and began to suck on my neck.

I laughed. "Stop it! You're going to give me a hickey!" I beat on his back a little bit, enjoying how strong he felt.

He moved his lips from my neck to my ear. "Maybe that's what I want. Maybe I want everyone to know that you're mine."

Every word sent a tingle in my ear, as if the very hairs inside were turned on by his breath. I arched my back and he kissed down my neck, softer this time. His lips grazed my shoulder, touched my collar bone, and worked their way to my breast. As his tongue flicked against one nipple and then the other, I realized that no man had given me quite this amount of attention in years. This was heaven and I never wanted it to end.

His hungry attention to my br**sts ended in a magnificent way as he began to kiss down my belly. I knew where he was going and I couldn't wait. My whole body tensed as he moved further and further south.

When he got to my legs, they were still pressed together slightly. As his hands began to gently pry my legs apart, I yielded quickly to his touch. In a moment, his mouth was against my sex, eagerly tasting me. I gasped in surprise. Had I always been this sensitive? I thought to myself. Whatever he was doing down there, no man had done that to me in a long time. I bucked my h*ps and squeezed my legs around his head, trying hard not to choke him.

I looked down and saw his eyes. Those eyes. The ones that had been in my dreams for decades now. They were looking up at me with raw desire. Lust and love flared hot in my core. The heat began to build in me quickly. I threw my head back and began to moan. I hadn't felt like this in so long...

Within another moment, I could feel his tongue settle into a rhythm, and it wasn't long before I could feel a wave of pleasure building up. My fingers clenched at the bedsheet, and my eyes squeezed shut. I began to squeak, cute little squeaks of pleasure right before I finally had an orgasm. It washed over me in a torrent, sending my muscles into spasms. I could already feel myself starting to sweat.

As my orgasm faded, I looked down at him as he continued to lick me. I leaned up and put my hands on either side of his face, pulling him into a kiss. He eagerly returned it, rising up to meet me. I let him kiss me for a moment before kneeling up on the bed, my young muscles easily making the transition. I put my hand on his muscled chest and pushed him down to the bed. I knew he was strong enough that he could have easily resisted, but he fell to the bed, surprise on his face at my sudden burst of energy.

I was so wet and ready for him. I had wanted him like this for decades. It was better than any dream I could have had. I straddled his body and began to position myself above him. He threw his head back and closed his eyes as I felt him press against the precipice and I began to lower myself down...

"Wait!" he said as his eyes flew back open. His strong hands tightened on my hips, pinning me in mid-air.

My feeling of exuberance immediately left. I knew that this was too good to be true. "What?"

He looked at me like I should know what he wanted. His voice was gruff with want. "This is how you want to do this? We've been safe all week, and now you want to have sex without a condom?"

I smiled, a sense of relief washing over my body. I remembered firmly stopping him one night after we had been drinking, letting him know that I was not ready for a child. He hadn't pressed the issue, just blushed and put a condom on as if he had been caught doing the wrong thing. Now, though...

I had gone through the past few years with my biological clock ticking. Sure, this might not have been the right time for me in my twenties, but I had waited so long. I had wanted him for so long. I didn't care. I shrugged and bit my lip with a smile, starting to slide down further. I felt the head of his beautiful c**k breach my opening and we gasped together.

He tightened his grasp on my hips, suspending me above him. "Stop. You've got your career starting. I'm not going to let you risk that just for a morning quickie." The look on his face was stern.

No man I had ever known since Tony would ever have said something like that. Truthfully, my lust was so great that I tried to wriggle out of his grasp, giving him one last chance to change his mind. His strong hands kept me firmly in place. I couldn't fight his strength.

"Fine!" I said, as if I were a petulant teenager. I went to the nightstand and grabbed a condom from the drawer, tearing it open with my teeth. He smiled as I popped it into my mouth. I remembered how much he had liked this, and as I slid it onto his magnificent erection, I made sure to get him extra wet. I couldn't wait to feel him inside me again.

As I began to suck, he groaned. "Oh no you don't. No teasing me like this," he said, his voice strained with want as he pulled me toward him. I shrieked with delight as I fell onto his chest and he positioned himself underneath me. He slid in with ease, my body already open to his advances. Again, we gasped together, and as I felt his h*ps began to thrust underneath me, I finally knew that this was real.

As his hands went to my h*ps I knelt up, letting him admire my body. Those brown eyes I dreamed of almost every night were fixated on my every move. I was a goddess in those eyes. His hands ran up my sides and grabbed my br**sts as I rode him, and I could see the look of concentration in his face as he kneaded the flesh. I ran my own hands up and down my body, enjoying the feeling. I'd never let this body grow old again if I could help it.

I ran my fingers through my hair and closed my eyes as I bounced on him. Everything seemed so fresh, so new. Maybe I just missed being young again. Maybe it was all just me pining for the good old days...

I opened my eyes and looked down at him. No, I decided as I looked over the features of his face. It was Tony. I wanted him even more than I wanted this young body. I wanted him more than life itself. I would do anything it took to stop him from going over there. For now, though, I would simply enjoy the ride.

He reached up and put his hands on my back, kissing me briefly before pulling me down to lay on him. In a flash, he had flipped us over so that he was on top of me. I laughed but quickly began to moan as he filled me. I looked down at his muscular h*ps and ass, watching him thrust into me, a sight I knew I would never grow tired of. He looked at me in much the same way, making me smile.

He lay down next to me, grabbing me by the shoulder and pushing me over on my side. His body was hot and slick with sweat and Florida humidity, and I wanted every inch of it. I felt his chest against my back as he wrapped one of his arms around me, cupping my breast and teasing my nipple with his fingers. He lifted my leg with his other hand for a moment, pushing into me. As soon as he was in, he grabbed my other breast. I felt like I was wrapped up in a big bear hug, but most of all I felt safe. I would be safe as long as I was with him.

One of his hands moved down to my belly and I began undulating my h*ps into him. I felt the vibration of his groan of pleasure on my back as my body pushed and pulled. We touched at every possible inch of skin, our bodies merging and entwining as one. He was going shallower now, but every time my ass touched his hips, it sent another wave of pleasure through my body.

I focused on the feeling of his hands on my body. They were strong and rough, with callouses from working in dangerous areas. I loved those hands. They grabbed and squeezed with every motion I made, and I could feel him getting more and more excited. My fingers wandered down to my own clit. With stimulation on both my inside and my outside, I knew I would make it to orgasm quickly. I just hoped that I would make it in time.

I was rising to cl**ax and I could feel him begin to take on a rhythmic pace. His hot breath came faster in my ear, and I knew he was getting close. I could feel him begin to swell, feel his pace changing. He hugged me even tighter, and when he gasped in my ear, it pushed me over the edge. I followed him into ecstasy, the two of riding the waves of pleasure in tandem. It was the most magnificent feeling I ever had.

As we came together, I knew that I had been a fool to ever let this go. Twenty years ago, Tony had brought me to another level of happiness, and I had never been the same after that. Now, he was returning me to the same level of happiness, and like a drug, I wouldn't be able to live without it.

As he slowed and then stopped, I found my own orgasm winding down. My lungs ached for oxygen I swear I no longer needed. Tony was better than air. He collapsed behind me, pulling the condom off as he softened and quickly tying it in a knot. I watched him throw it toward the wastebasket and miss.

"Hey! You could play for the Orlando Magic!" I said, a grin on my face.

"Who?" he asked, still breathing hard.

Oh yeah, they're not around yet, I thought. I struggled to think of a basketball team that had been around back then. "Nevermind, just make sure that makes it into the trash. I can't go messing up my aunt's place like this!"

He smiled, then gave me a little kiss. I closed my eyes as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me in tight. I only had a few hours left, but I could afford a couple more minutes to just revel in his touch...

Chapter 10

June 9, 1990

For the second time

"You can't go," I said, trying to remain calm. I was sitting on the bed while Tony packed his bag.

He sighed, standing up from stuffing his duffel bag. "We've had this discussion already, Ladybug. I have to go."

I bit the inside of my cheek. I was starting to get frustrated. "But what if you didn't? We could go anywhere. We could be together."

Tony let his bag lean against the wall. He faced me, his eyes dark and serious. "I don't want to have this conversation again. I have to go back. Besides, I'll see you when I get back."

"But you aren't coming back!" I clapped my hands over my mouth. I hadn't intended on revealing that I was from the future. I had thought about it for a good chunk of the morning and couldn't come up with a reasonable explanation that wouldn't make me sound insane. I was trying desperately to figure out how to convince him to just come with me, to run away with me, but it wasn't working.

"What do you mean, I'm not coming back? How do you know that?" Tony's brows came together, and somehow his dark eyes grew darker. The only thing I was succeeding at was making him angry.

"I just know, okay?" I stammered. "Please, don't go."

Tony took a step toward me. "Do you know what not going back would do?"

I shook my head slightly. I knew we would need to leave the United States to escape his military duty, but that didn't seem like such a big deal when the other option was his death.

"In addition to deserting my friends, I would be considered AWOL. Once I've been AWOL long enough, they'll call me a deserter. A traitor. If I'm in the States, they'll put me in jail. Best case scenario, I'd be dishonorably discharged." He turned back to his bag, frustration filling his voice. "Do you know how hard it is to get a job with a dishonorable discharge? I don't exactly have a lot of skills. The military is my life, like it or not. And you're asking me to put my entire future in jeopardy because you have a bad feeling?"

"It's more than just a bad feeling..."

"This isn't like asking me to quit my job. This is asking me to abandon the only people who care about me. Dean and Matt are my brothers. I won't leave them to go off without me," he stated flatly. He stared at his mostly-packed bag. "Believe me, I want to stay with you as much as you do, but I'm not going to say this again, Kimberly. I'm leaving."

I choked back tears. I was desperate to find a way to make him stay. If I told him I was from the future, he would just think I was crazy. I wracked my brain to come up with some event that would convince that I knew what would happen, but it had been twenty years since this moment. Even without my memory fading, the weather had been exactly as forecasted, there were no strange delays, no one said or did anything strange, and there was nothing memorable in the news. For once in my life, I wished that there had been a horrible earthquake or tsunami that I could predict, but there wasn't.

In all the times I had dreamed of coming back to this day, I had never considered how hard it would be. How do you convince someone that you're from the future without sounding completely crazy?

"I had this dream... and-" I tried, saying the only thing I could think of. Tony raised his hand as though he were stopping my words in the air.

"Kimberly, stop," he said. He looked at me with sad eyes. I recognized the look. He thought I was crazy. "I'm going, and that's final. If you want to keep on with this, then don't bother coming with me to the airport."

His shoulders slumped as he turned to pick up his bag. He lifted it onto his back like it was weightless, stepping out of the room and walking to the car. I was speechless. I just sat there as I heard him stomp through the house.

I had failed. More than failed. He thought I was psycho now.

I heard the front door slam. Tears ran down my face. How could I have messed this up so badly? I had failed. I had failed and ruined what had been a beautiful last day. He was leaving, and any more attempts were going to just make him angrier with me.

Failure hung heavy on my shoulders. I wished I could just walk into the ocean and drown. I had been given the gift of a chance, and I had blown it. Tony was going to die, and I was going to have to experience the loss again. It would be even worse this time because I would know it was coming. I wiped my eyes, trying to figure out how to ask Matt and Dean to watch out for him and not sound even more crazy.

"Oh, Fountain," I whimpered, trying to keep my sobs in check despite my heart wanting to explode. "How do I fix this?"

I covered my face with my hands, unable to stop the sobs from escaping. Tears leaked between my fingers, as I buried myself in the pillow. I had failed.

Chapter 11

Unknown Time

I don't know how long I cried, but at some point I became aware that things had changed. I sat up and wiped my cheeks. The condo was gone. Mist was all around me. Behind me I could hear the soft whispers of the fountain as it flowed.

"It didn't work," I sobbed, turning to look up at Diana. A soft sadness crossed her face as she knelt beside me.

"I must apologize. I had a feeling that date was not the day to go back to, but you were so sure of yourself." She wiped her soft hand across my cheek, catching my tears.

I looked up at her, expecting more. When she didn't say anything, I began to fall even deeper into despair. "So that's it?"

Her look was maternal, as if teaching me a harsh lesson. "That is it. You did not save him. He still died on the same day. Though your fight caused him to write you less before he left, the memory of the days and nights you spent together convinced him that you were the girl of his dreams. He intended to marry you, and he died loving you no less than in your original timeline."

I felt the strength sap from my body. "Is that supposed to comfort me? He's still dead."

Diana nodded. "Yes, he is still dead."

I waited for a moment, and as the swirling mists enveloped the fountain, I started to cry again.

"Can you send me back again?" I asked, just as Diana began to fade from my sight as well.

"My child, not many people get a second chance, and fewer still get a third."

"But can you?" I asked, hope filling my voice.

Diana snapped back into my vision. For the first time, she looked less confident. "I can never send you back to the time that you just visited. However..."

"You can send me back again," I finished her sentence. She paused. There was clearly something keeping her from sending me back. "I have to go back again."

She smiled, but there was clearly pain behind her words. "Words did not persuade Tony last time. What makes you think that he will listen to you at another time?"

"If you can do it, I have to go. I have to try."

Another pause. "I can send you back, just one more time." Elation filled me, but she quickly added, "There are some... complications, though."

I smiled through my tears. "I don't care. Please send me back."

She still looked stern. "Before you go, you must listen to what I have to say. Once I send you back, I can no longer rescue you. The future will be set in stone. In addition, the task has become harder now. I will send you back to the date that you are most likely to succeed."

"The date I'm most likely to succeed?" I frowned. "I thought the last day we were together was the best day."

Diana gave me a gentle smile. "No. On the day he left you, the threads of time were tightly woven. The fabric was already set. On the date that I send you to now, there is a possibility for a new design."

A glimmer of hope began to flicker, raising my spirits and stopping my tears. I had another chance. A better chance.

"Unfortunately, that also means that there is a greater risk to you." Diana peered at me with her magic green eyes. I could feel the weight of her words. "If the pattern can be changed, then you can be taken out of it as well. You could change all other timelines as well. Do you still wish to continue?"

"Yes," I answered without hesitation. "I would do anything for him."

"Then good luck to you, child," Diana whispered. I closed my eyes as she kissed my forehead, and I felt the mists of time swirl around me once again.

Chapter 12

August 1, 1990

For the second time

I woke up in a room that I hadn't been in for over twenty years; my first apartment in Los Angeles. My eyes shot open, and I sat up quickly, making myself dizzy with the movement. The room was exactly as I remembered it, but without the veneer of memory. The room was barely bigger than a broom closet. I laughed a little to myself, thinking how it was even smaller than I had remembered it. In fact, I remembered it as far more glamorous.

The mattress was on the floor with unpacked boxes scattered throughout the small space. Water stains on the walls that hadn't bothered me in my twenties disgusted me now. The paint was peeling off the ceiling, and I could hear the hum of traffic through the wall. Now that I had lived in a nice apartment, the glamor of simply being in LA was gone for me. I missed my future apartment already.

I could hear the TV through the thin door, the voices of the news punctuated by my roommate's one sided conversation and laughter as she talked on the phone. Letters from Tony sat open on the box I was using as a nightstand. The ink was still dark and the paper white. I had read them so many times since this moment that I was used to them being yellow and aged. These were fresh and new.

I stood up slowly, expecting my h*ps and knees to protest from rising from the floor. But my twenty-two-year-old body made the motion easily. I ended up almost falling over because I was overcompensating and expecting pain. The ease of it all made me laugh.

Youth really is wasted on the young, I thought to myself with a giggle. I glanced at the mirror leaning against the wall and ran my hand through my blonde hair. It was tangled from the night of sleep, but I still looked good. I stretched my hands overhead, enjoying the way my body moved and responded.

I opened the door to the main room where my roommate had the TV on full blast and was still chatting on the phone. I nearly laughed again as I realized she was talking on a corded landline. I had forgotten that cell phones weren't around yet, let alone the thin little smart phones I was used to. I was rather glad to know that particular technology was on its way.

The newscaster on the TV had on a terrible '90's style dress coat with big shoulders and a haircut that made his head look two sizes too small for the coat. I shook my head a little at the fashion sense of the time. I remembered thinking it was fantastic back then, but with a modern perspective, we all looked neon and overdone.

I took another look at the TV screen, noticing the box in the corner said it was seven in the morning on August 1st. I started to laugh uncontrollably as I realized I knew what I was going to do. I knew why the fountain had sent me here, and I really should have asked to come here the first time. I knew the future on this date. I knew things that no one else could because I had been here already.

"What are you laughing at?" my roommate asked, holding her hand over the phone receiver. I managed to keep a straight face at her ridiculous puffy mullet hairstyle and neon pink wind-breaker outfit. I grinned at her, feeling almost giddy. I really could convince him this time. I was going to save my Tony.

"I'm going to need a ride to the airport," I told her. She looked at me like I was crazy, but I didn't care. I was going to see Tony.

***

"Here's Fort Sam Houston, miss," the taxi cab driver said, slowing to a stop in front of an impressive looking gate. I could see a guard in the booth checking I.D.s. I took a shaky breath. Now that I was actually here, actually about to go see Tony and tell him I was from the future, I was nervous.

I had hopped on the first flight I could find. It was actually rather nice traveling by plane pre-9/11. I was able to bring a bottle of water and I didn't have to take off my shoes in security. Some things really were better in this simpler time, I had thought to myself.

I handed the driver his fare and opened the car door. The sweltering heat of Texas in August hit me like a fist in the face. I grabbed my backpack filled with all the clothes I could stuff in it. I had everything with me that I would need to disappear. I just hoped that, after tomorrow, I would need it.

The cab drove off in a cloud of dust and smoke as I walked up to the gate and presented my drivers license to the gate guard. He looked at it and wrote my name down on the visitor's log.

"What are you going to be doing here on base, miss?" the guard asked, handing me back my ID.

"I'm here to see a soldier. Sergeant Anthony Frontera." I put the card back in my pocket. "Do you know where I might find him?"

"What unit is he a part of?"

"The 101st Airborne Division." I smiled my best flirtatious smile and was rewarded with a smile from the guard.

"There's a lot of guys from the one-oh-one here, miss, but I think I've seen this guy. Jet black hair, really buff?"

"That's the one," I confirmed.

He laughed. "Lucky guy, that one. They're in building 2B." He leaned out of his booth and pointed. "Go left at the sign, and you can't miss it. If you hurry, you just might catch them getting back from lunch."

"Thank you so much," I replied and resettled the bag on my shoulders. I could feel his eyes on my backside as I walked away, but I didn't care. It had been a long time since someone that young had checked out my behind, but I had no time to show off. I was on base and on my way to save Tony.

The building was right where the guard had said it would be. I stood in front of the sand-colored building and bit my lip. Soldiers in uniform hurried between the buildings trying to stay out of the heat. Now that I was actually here, I was nervous. My palms were dripping with sweat and it wasn't just from the heat. My stomach was threatening to be sick with all the butterflies dancing around inside of me. I swallowed hard, forcing my stomach to behave. This was my last chance.

"Kimberly?" A voice called out from my side. I turned to see Tony making his way up the sidewalk. He looked so handsome in his uniform. Dean and Matt were with him.

"Hi," I said, giving them a timid wave hello. I was shaking with nerves now. "Can I talk to you?"

"Yeah, sure," Tony said with a grin. His eyes were bright with excitement at seeing me. I took it as a good sign. I must not have screwed up the timeline too badly if he was still happy to see me. "Can we do it inside? I'm dying out here."

I nodded. Tony put his hand on my back to guide me inside the door. His fingertips seemed to send electricity down my spine, and I shivered with delight. Dean held open the door for us all to walk inside. The air conditioning hit me like a gift from God. I wiped my hands on my shorts, trying to rub away my nervousness. If I didn't do this right, I could lose him.

"I'll see you guys upstairs," Tony told Dean and Matt. They nodded and gave me a wave as they went up the stairs to wherever they were going. I watched them leave us in the empty entrance. I was glad there weren't other people around. This was going to be weird enough without an audience.

I turned back to face Tony and was happily surprised when he kissed me. I relaxed into his kiss, letting my body respond to his touch. He felt so good, so strong, and so wonderful. I could taste the salty sweat from being outside, and I loved it. He tasted real. Alive.

He pulled back, keeping his hands on my neck and shoulders. I loved being this close to him. When he smiled, I felt my heart melt into a puddle.

"I'm really happy to see you, Ladybug," he said softly, the smile never leaving his eyes. "But what are you doing here?"

I took a deep breath. I had rehearsed this speech a thousand times on the flight here, but now that it was time to actually say it, my voice wavered. He had to believe me. As insane as what I was going to say was, at least this time I had a plan. I just needed to make sure he actually heard it before dismissing me as a needy, crazy story he told his friends.

"I'm going to tell you something crazy," I said. "I wouldn't believe it myself, except it's true."

Tony's face darkened with worry. "Are you pregnant? I thought I was careful enough..."

"No, no," I answered, a nervous laugh bubbling in my throat. If only that were the problem. That I could handle. "I'm not pregnant."

"Okay. I mean..." he shrugged. "It wouldn't be a bad thing if you were, but I'm glad that's not it."

I bit my lip. This next part was the most dangerous part. This was the part I was afraid of. I was terrified he was going to leave without letting me finish.

"You can't leave for the Middle East. You're going to die over there."

Tony's face fell and he dropped his hands from me. "Kimberly..."

"Before you write me off as a super psycho chick, just listen to what I have to say," I begged, grabbing onto his sleeve. He pulled back slightly, but he didn't try to escape. "I've been to the future. You die on this tour. You're supposed to guard some VIP and something goes wrong. I wait for you and you never come home."

Tony took a step backward, moving his arm to dislodge my fingers. My throat tightened. I needed to get a hold of myself. I needed to stick to the facts that would convince him, not the emotional part that had haunted me for the past twenty years. My emotions didn't matter now.

"But, to prove to you that I'm not crazy and that I actually am from the future, I'm going to tell you what's going to happen tomorrow." I took a deep breath and wiped the tears from my eyes. "Events that I shouldn't know. Couldn't know, unless what I'm saying is true."

"Kimberly..." Pity filled Tony's eyes. He thought I was nuts.

"You don't have to believe me today." I pressed my palms together and gave him a weak grin. "Hell, I wouldn't believe me today, but if tomorrow, you do believe me, then meet me at the gate tomorrow evening."

Tony's face told me he wasn't even thinking of showing up. I couldn't blame him. If our roles were reversed, I would have looked exactly the same. At least he was still listening, though.

"Tomorrow is August 2nd." I looked him in the eye to make sure he heard my every word. This was the important part. "Iraq is going to invade and occupy Kuwait at two am. The Emir will flee to Saudi Arabia. There will be two days of fighting. In response, President Bush will announce a defensive mission to prevent Iraq from invading Saudi Arabia called Operation Desert Shield."

"What did you call it?" Tony asked, interrupting me. His expression shifted slightly, turning more into an interested frown from a disbelieving one.

"Operation Desert Shield," I repeated. I knew this all as history that had affected my life. I had read every article I could get my hands on during this time because I had been worried about Tony. Even after his death, I had almost a gruesome fascination with the time period. "American soldiers will be in country August 7th. The entire conflict will eventually be called Operation Desert Storm, or the Gulf War."

Tony's frown deepened. "How do you know this?"

"Because this is old history for me," I explained. "This is all set to happen at two am Iraqi time. If this does occur, then please believe me and meet me at the gate tomorrow evening at seven. I won't be able to get in because you guys will be on lockdown."

Tony crossed his arms, his eyes dark. He schooled his face into a mask I couldn't read. I prayed silently that he would believe me. This was my last chance. If this didn't convince him, then nothing would.

"I really want you to believe me." My throat constricted and I looked down at the ground. I was still shaking. "I don't want you to die again. I don't think I could bear it a second time."

I felt his hands on my shoulders. They were warm on my skin, and I felt a small surge of hope. He still cared enough about me to touch me, despite the fact that I sounded like a lunatic.

I cleared my throat and looked up. Panic was welling up in the pit of my stomach. I needed to give him time to think, and I knew if I stayed I would start to cry. "So, August second: Iraq invades Kuwait triggering Operation Desert Shield. You'll go to guard a Kuwaiti VIP, and you won't come home."

I stepped back, trying to smile through the tears I could feel piling up in my throat. I couldn't let my emotions escape me this time. I didn't want him to remember me in hysterics. I needed him to remember the facts.

"Seven o'clock at the gate," I repeated and turned to run to the door. My fingers grasped the cold metal handle when I thought of something. "Oh, and I just remembered. You like baseball. A rookie on the Yankees will hit his tenth home run tomorrow. I remember you writing that to me in a letter. It was some sort of record."

I turned the knob and bolted out the door. Despite the heat, I ran all the way to the gate, trying to escape the fear that he wasn't going to believe me. I darted out the gate, waving to the guard and prayed that tomorrow, Tony would meet me here and I wouldn't be left waiting at the gate forever.

Chapter 13

August 2, 1990

For the second time

The rental car hummed softly along the pavement as I drove back to the base. The numbers 6:38 glowed green on the dash. I knew I had plenty of time, but I still hurried. I had sat in the hotel room for most of the day, watching the news unfold on the TV. It was strange to see it happening again and to know how it would turn out. I was torn between leaving the hotel early and sitting and waiting by the gate, or leaving so that I would arrive precisely at seven. Either way I was going to be anxious. I finally decided to just wait at the gate.

I turned onto the road leading to the gate. I put on a pair of hot pink Ray-Ban sunglasses, the sun still shining mercilessly down on the state of Texas. I felt silly wearing the '90s fashions and dressing like I was going to a dance party. Unfortunately, all the clothes I had were what was in style.

A Janet Jackson song ended, and a news report came over the radio. The announcer updated the world on the situation occurring in Kuwait. The poor announcer could barely say the names correctly. If only they knew how common the names of Saddam Hussein, Iraq, Iran, Kuwait, Qatar, and so many others would become.

I pulled the car up to a waiting area near the gate. I was fifteen minutes early, but as I pulled up I could see Tony leaning against the wall in the shade. He was already there. Waiting. That had to be a good sign, right?

I took a deep breath as he walked toward the car. I unlocked it and felt the summer heat fight the air conditioner as he slid into the passenger seat and took off his hat. My mouth was dry and my tongue sticky. The butterflies in my stomach were doing a circus act.

"You're early," I said, grateful my voice didn't crack with nervousness.

"How did you know what was going to happen?" Tony asked. His brown eyes searched my face, trying to figure out if I was crazy or really from the future.

"I told you," I answered gently. "I've been to the future."

He scrubbed his short dark hair with his hand, letting out a deep breath. I knew I had rattled him and I felt badly about it, but I hoped that he would understand. I hoped that he believed me. That this was enough to convince him. I prayed I had done enough to save him.

"There's no way you could have known the things you told me," he said, sounding more like he was trying to convince himself than me. "The invasion... hell, just the name of the operation is top secret right now. I'm not even really supposed to know it, but you just say it like it's common knowledge."

"Where-or rather when I'm from, it is." I chewed on my lip before I put my hand on his. "I made a wish in a fountain. I wished that I could come back and save you. Stop you from going. The Fountain granted my wish and sent me back to warn you."

His hand went through his hair again. I didn't envy his position. He had to decide to do something crazy. Something that would forever change both our worlds. To be honest, I was a little afraid of what was going to happen myself.

"Please don't go. I don't want to lose you again." My throat tightened at the words, as if it was trying to keep my heart from escaping out my mouth.

He paused, closing his eyes as he came to decision. My stomach was threatening to be sick. This was it.

Tony put his hand to my chin, tipping my face up to meet his eyes. He smiled, his eyes soft and comforting. "I believe you, Ladybug. It's kind of scary, but I believe you."

All the air in my lungs rushed out in a breath I didn't even know I was holding. A weight lifted from my shoulders and tears welled in my eyes from sheer relief. He believed me. And he called me Ladybug.

"What do we do now?" he asked. He smiled and wiped the tears from my cheek.

"We're about two and a half hours from the Mexico border. We run," I said simply. I couldn't have kept the smile off my face if someone had paid me. He believed me. We were going to be together.

Tony took a deep, shaky breath and twisted his hat in his hands. "That means I'll have to leave Dean and Matt. I'll be considered a deserter. Can't I just go with them and just not go to work that day? Be sick or something?"

I shook my head sadly. "No. The Fountain said that if you step foot in that country, your fate is sealed. You have to leave them."

He closed his eyes, debate clearly raging in his mind. I hoped my position was winning. "I hate the idea of leaving them."

"But you'll be alive," I countered gently. He opened his eyes as if the argument in his head was finally decided.

"And I'll be with you." He smiled and touched my cheek again. His brows tightened and he glanced out the window toward the base. "Will they be okay without me? I mean, if I'm not there, what's going to happen to them?"

"I don't know," I answered honestly. "They survive it the first time, though. I would imagine they will survive it again. They were injured mostly because they tried so hard to save you."

Tony looked out the window for another moment before turning back to me. He smiled, putting his faith in me completely. "Let's do this then. My bag's packed, I just need to go get it."

I frowned. "How are you going to leave an army base with your duffel bag when you're on high alert?"

He shrugged. "I think you met the gate guard yesterday. He talked about you at the poker game last night. He said I was a lucky guy, and I think he believed it. I believed it too. I was so lucky that I won $200 from him." He grinned at me again. "I gave it back to him to look the other way today."

I leaned over and kissed him. He was coming, and we were going to make it. As long as we made it to the Mexico border, he was safe.

"You have no idea how much I've missed you," I whispered as we pulled apart. I wanted to cry in relief. I wanted to stand on the roof of the car and whoop for joy. I was going to be with my Tony.

"Enough that you apparently traveled back in time to come get me," he said. His eyes met mine, warm and brown like a sunlit wooded glade. Like the picture I had been trying to paint. "You know I love you, right?"

I nodded, unable to find the words. Words were inadequate. I kissed him again, sending happiness straight down through my toes. He left me breathless and full of joy.

"I love you, too," I finally managed to whisper. He chuckled and kissed the tip of my nose.

"I'll be right back," he said, reaching for the car door. "Can I leave a note for them? I don't want anything to happen to Dean and Matt."

"I never really got the details. It was a top secret mission. You were supposed to guard someone important in January. No one would tell me anything else. I guess, just tell them to expect the worst on the missions in January." I shrugged. I had dug for more, but it was still classified top secret. Part of the pain of his death was not knowing anything about it.

He nodded gravely. "I love you," he said one last time before opening the door.

"I love you," I said as he stood up and closed the car door. I watched him walk back onto the base and leaned back in my chair to wait for his return.

***

The next ten minutes were the longest of my life. My brain went through every possible scenario as I waited for him to return.

He changed his mind. He was really just seeing if I had somehow gotten top secret info and is actually telling his commander. He ran into Dean and Matt, and they convinced him to stay. He fell and broke his leg walking in to get his stuff.

I almost drove the car to the gate at least five times before looking at my watch and telling myself that I just needed to give him time. Logically, I knew that he needed more than thirty seconds to walk to his room and gather his things, but every second that passed just made me more nervous. I was terrified that he was going to change his mind or get caught. We were so close to being together that every minute spent waiting was torture.

My foot tapped restlessly against the floor of the car until I finally saw him emerge from the gate. He had his green duffel-bag slung over his shoulder and a broad grin plastered across his face. I popped the trunk and he tossed his bag inside.

Tony opened the door and immediately kissed me. I could smell the heat of the sun on him from walking back and forth. It was like he brought heaven with him.

"I told them I was going to go spend some time with my girl," he said with a wink. "No one will look for me for at least a day."

"Then it's a good thing that we can get to the Mexican border in just a couple of hours," I replied and put the car in reverse.

"Then start driving, Ladybug." He leaned back in his chair, getting comfortable. He grinned at me. "I'm looking forward to some authentic tacos."

Chapter 14

August 2, 1990

For the second time

A little over three hours later, I pulled the car into a small motel a few miles away from the Mexican border. We were safe. Tony was safe. I pulled out my wallet and carefully counted out the money we would need for the night.

"Well, I hate to tell you this, but I kind of wish I hadn't given the gate guard all his money back. What are we going to do for money?" Tony asked, watching me count the bills. A hint of worry crossed his face. "I don't exactly have a lot of marketable skills, and my Spanish is a little rusty."

I grinned. "I'm from the future remember?"

He frowned and I grinned wider.

"It will be tight for a little bit, but I know the big, upcoming sports upsets." I tucked my wallet back in my pocket. "With that money, my savings, and a small inheritance I will receive next year, we will invest in some companies. Apple and Microsoft for now, and then later on, Google and Amazon."

"Amazon and Google? What kind of businesses are those?" Tony asked, his eyebrows raised as we got out of the car. He stretched his arms up over his head, the talons of the eagle peeking out from under the plain civilian shirt he had changed into. It was the red shirt I had met him at in the bar. In fact, I was pretty sure it was the same entire outfit. It looked so damn good on him, I couldn't wait to get to the room.

"They're huge international companies that will make us billionaires. There's going to be something called the dot-com boom, and we are going to ride it like a money wave," I explained. "Plus, I have the benefit of knowing what companies are going to be successful as well as upcoming world events."

"You said billionaires, right?" Tony asked. "With a B?"

"Yup," I replied, laughing at the look on his face. "Definitely with a B. Gotta dream big, right?" I left him standing in the parking lot with his mouth hanging open as I went to go pay for our room.

I unlocked the door to our room and peered inside. It was small, but clean. It was a good place to start our future together on the run.

"Wait a second," Tony said, catching my arm before I could step into the room. "We might as well do this right."

I frowned slightly and then shrieked with delight as he picked me up into his arms and carried me over the threshold as if I were weightless.

"I thought that was just for newlyweds," I said as he closed the door, still holding me in his arms. He nuzzled my neck, his lips sending shivers of desire down my spine.

"I guess I'm just getting ahead of myself," he said quietly. "Would you marry me?" He pulled back and looked at me. His brown eyes were warm and full of want. Being held by him made my mouth water, and his question made my heart skip a beat.

"Yes!" I meant to shout it, but my voice came out as a whisper. It was all I had ever wanted since I met him. He was my perfect partner, my soul mate. "A million times yes!"

He chuckled and set me on the bed. With gentle fingers, Tony slid the strap of my shirt off my shoulder. I felt goosebumps cascade down my arm, the fires of desire starting to burn within me.

He chuckled and set me on the bed. I quickly kicked off my shoes and socks, tossing them across the room. Tony laughed and did the same. With gentle fingers, Tony slid the strap of my shirt off my shoulder. I felt goosebumps cascade down my arm, the fires of desire starting to burn within me. He nipped gently at my skin, kissing his way down the bare flesh of my arm.

With a surprising speed, he reached down and pulled the tank-top up and over my head. I shook my hair free, looking up at him. He stepped back, his pupils dilating as he took me in.

"You are so beautiful, Ladybug." His words were quiet, almost as if he had meant to think them but had spoken them instead. A rush of adrenaline went through me as he looked his fill. His entire expression was one of pure, raw desire.

I looked pointedly at his shirt, and he grinned. Taking the bottom hem in his fists, he twisted the red fabric up and over his head to reveal his torso. He was all hard planes and muscle. And it wasn't just his muscles that were hard. His jeans were nearly bursting with his excitement.

I licked my lips, wanting to taste his body. Everything about him was sexy and my body was calling out for his. Something deep inside of me was screaming to have him.

"Don't tease." Tony's voice was low and full of masculine need. It sent thrills through me.

"Who says I'm teasing?" I replied, slithering off the bed and onto my knees in front of him. My fingers traced the strong V-shape peeking out of the top of his jeans. His skin was smooth but the muscles taught and hard. I undid his belt buckle and slowly undid the the button and zipper. I took my time, letting the anticipation build.

He let out a low groan as I pulled his pants free. I caressed the bulge in his boxers, watching the muscles of his stomach tighten. He put his hands in my hair. I looked up as I slid the cotton boxers down. His eyes burned with desire as they watched my every move. I pushed his clothing down to his ankles and he kicked them to the side, his eyes never leaving mine.

"Now I've got to show you what else I learned in the future." I kissed the tip of his very impressive erection and grinned up at him. I slid one finger down the length of his shaft, making his low reply unintelligible.

I grabbed his h*ps and pushed him back onto the bed. He landed with an ungraceful bounce, but he propped himself up on his elbows. I relished the sight of him, waiting on the bed for me. Every muscle taut and ready. The fires deep in my core roared at the sight of him. I could look at his body all day. An impish grin settled on his face as he watched me bend down to take him.

I wrapped my fingers around the base of his silky length, sliding them up and down. With a delicate lick from base to tip, I tasted him. He groaned, throwing his head back and arching his h*ps to meet me. I did it again, this time stopping at the top to take him into my mouth. He shuddered and tangled his fingers in my hair, guiding me up and down. He hardened further in my mouth. I wanted him so badly, I could barely stand it.

With a gentle tug, he pulled my hair, pulling me up and looking into my eyes. He sat up, the muscles in his abs crunching.

"So, you think you're the only one with something to show?" he asked. That naughty smile was back on his face, making me all kinds of hot and bothered.

He stood, taking my hands in his and pulling me up with him. I reached behind me and unclasped my bra, letting it fall to the floor. His brown eyes filled with hunger and want. With a gentle hand, he traced my bare spine, leaving a trail of fire that burned straight south. I wanted his fingers to touch me like that everywhere.

He leaned forward, kissing the sweet spot just between my jaw and throat. I gasped, arching my neck to give him better access. His hands caressed the swell of my br**sts, down to my h*ps and to the front of my jeans. He fumbled with them, kissing my neck. After letting him try to free me from my clothing with no success, I reached down and undid them myself.

"I got it," I whispered, slithering out of my pants with a smile.

"What? They're hard," he whispered, sliding his muscled thigh between mine. His erection pushed at my panties, seeking entrance.

"I know something else that's hard," I whispered back. The vibrations of his throaty chuckle tickled my skin as he continued to kiss my neck.

"Your turn," he said, picking me up and setting me on the edge of the bed. My knees hung over the side and he wedged his broad shoulders between my thighs. His breath was warm against my secret places.

He started to tease me, using his fingers and then his lips, his tongue, and even his teeth. Every touch sent a surge of heat coursing through my body. I contorted and arched my h*ps to give him access, wordlessly begging for more. He murmured his approval, humming into me. I could feel my bones melting as he caressed me, drawing me to more pleasure than I could stand.

My toes started to curl and my mind turned into a wheel of spinning colors. I heard my voice cry out his name, but I was too enraptured to realize I had even opened my mouth. I writhed mindlessly into him, seeking out his touch.

I lay awash in pleasure, barely hearing him stand and the jingle of his jeans. I made out the crinkle of a wrapper and recognized the square shape of a condom. He began to unwrap it, but I managed to gasp "Stop!"

He paused. "What is it?"

I smiled at him wryly. "You won't need that."

He looked confused. "I thought you didn't want to get pregnant."

"I'm leaving my entire life behind to start a family with you. I've been waiting for you since the day you died. Please." I had never been closer to a man than in this moment. I needed him inside me.

He got on top of me and pressed against me. At first, it was just the tip, as if asking for permission to enter. "Are you sure?" he asked. Always the gentleman, giving me one last chance to change my mind.

"Please..." I panted. Every nerve was afire with need. I wanted him more than I needed to breathe. I needed him more than oxygen.

He filled me, pushing ever deeper inside of me. I cried out his name again, digging my nails into his back as he took me. We were complete like this.

His hands were everywhere on my skin, touching and caressing. I ran my hands through his hair, arching my h*ps to meet his. He brought his head to mine, and his mouth covered mine with a ferocity and sweetness that made me weak in the knees.

Our bodies entwined, legs tangling as we filled and completed one another. His every movement sent wave after wave of delight coursing through me. I didn't think it was possible, but my body was tightening, clenching down against him again. Just the sensation of being one with him was threatening to send me over the edge into glorious oblivion.

His movements were quickening, his thrust gaining a new urgency. I wanted him so badly that I knew I would go insane if it continued for much longer. He buried his face into the crook of my neck, his breath hot and fast. I could feel him going faster and faster, and his c**k was hitting me at just the right angle.

I felt him begin to thrust frantically. "Yes," I moaned. "Come inside me." I wanted it so badly that I felt my own eyes roll back into my head. As he cried out, I could feel the warmth of his seed as it filled my body. His orgasm flowed from his body into mine, and my entire being began to quiver with delight. I could feel his entire body shudder as he came, filling me completely.

He pumped for a moment longer, than slowed to a stop inside of me. Together we lay on the bed, gasping and panting. Our legs were tangled together, our bodies slick with sweat. I never wanted him to part from me. I wanted to hold this moment in time forever. I held him to me, his face still in my neck and his breathing ragged.

He lifted his head and kissed me gently on the forehead. The action was somehow more intimate and tender than a kiss on the lips. I loved him more than I could ever express.

"I love you, Ladybug." The words were music to my ears. I didn't even answer back, I just lay there and moaned softly. Nothing would ever be able to wipe the smile from my face.

He slowly disentangled himself, sliding out of my arms and onto the floor.

"Don't go anywhere," he said softly as he turned and padded into the bathroom.

"I don't think I could move if I tried," I answered, lifting my head to watch his perfect ass. I was already wanting him again. "You turned all my bones to happy jelly."

"Happy jelly?" he repeated, returning to the bed with a warm washcloth for me.

"Yup." I looked up at him, basking in his soft smile. He was so incredibly handsome. "You took away my ability to speak. Just be glad I'm able to remember how to breathe at this point."

I cleaned myself up and chucked the washcloth at the bathroom door. He joined me on the bed, pulling the two of us up to the pillows. The room was hot from our activities so I didn't need a blanket. He was warmer than a blanket anyway.

I cuddled into the nook of his shoulder, feeling his heart pound against my cheek. The fact that he was still breathing hard, still excited, was a huge turn on. It must have been good for him too.

I could barely believe this was real. Tony and I were going to be married. We were going to be together, and the best part was that he was going to live.

"What other wonderful things are going to happen in the future?" Tony asked, his hand stroking my arm as we cuddled, our bodies touching at every possible junction.

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," I said, thinking about the internet and smart phones. "But, with you, everything is going to be better."

He kissed the top of my head, smoothing my mussed hair with his fingers when he finished. "If it gets better than this, then I have died and gone to heaven."

"No dying required this time," I said softly.

"You're right," he agreed, his breathing slowing as he drifted off to sleep. "This time, I get to bring heaven to you."

I smiled. He was right. This was heaven.

Epilogue

Present Day

For the second time

I pick up the mail and recognize one of the envelopes. It's an invitation to my friend Rachel's wedding. I can't believe that it's already been twenty years. Twenty wonderful, perfect years. I say a silent thank you to Diana and Fountain as I walk inside.

"Anything good in the mail?" my husband asks as I walk into the living room. He's still as handsome to me as the day we ran away together. Maybe even more. He has aged like a fine wine, and I find the gray in his hair sexy as hell. It makes him look distinguished.

"It's an invitation to Rachel and Dean's wedding." I hand him the envelope.

"Did you go last time?" he asks, breaking the seal. I shake my head no.

"I never even sent the RSVP."

"Well, you probably should this time," he tells me with a gentle smile. I stick my tongue out at him. "Hmmm, it's in the States. You can go if you want."

I snuggle next to him on the couch and look at the invitation. "Nah, we can just send a nice gift. Weddings are no fun without you."

He kisses my head, and I lean against his shoulder. This is the life I had wanted. This was the life I wanted to share with him from the moment I met him. Even though it wasn't quite what most people might imagine, it is perfect for us. We have a beautiful house in Costa Rica, and even though my Tony can never return to the United States, we have everything we could ever want.

"I was afraid I was going to ruin their story by changing ours," I say quietly. To this day, I still take Diana's warning about changing time seriously. "I'm glad they still found each other."

Tony squeezes me closer to him. He's still as strong as when we first met. He smiles at the invitation, his eyes going distant as he remembers.

"Do you remember how nervous I was at our wedding?" he asks. I laugh.

"You almost said the wrong words!" I tease him. I've never let him live it down. It had been terribly beautiful and sweet to see him so nervous. It was rare to ever see him even bat an eyelash at things that would send most people screaming.

"You were so gorgeous I couldn't think straight!" he responds, laughing gently. "I forgot half of what I wanted to say because I couldn't stop staring. You still do that to me, you know."

I blush. "Would you still marry me again?"

"In a heartbeat, Ladybug," he says without hesitation, and I know he means it. He means it every time.

"You'd still run away with me?" I ask.

"In two heartbeats," he says.

I smack his chest playfully. "Two?"

"It was a little rough leaving everything. Having you know the future is creepy sometimes, but," he stops and takes my chin in his fingers, letting me lose myself in his eyes, "Totally worth it."

"I don't know the future anymore," I tell him. "This is as far as I got."

I'm reminded of that fact when I look at my latest painting, now hanging on the mantle. It's a painting I started twenty years ago, when I was the same age I am now. It's made of warm browns and honey sunlight, like walking in a sunlit forest. I look over and see those same colors- my husband's eyes. While the painting had seemed incomplete in my previous life, it's definitely perfect now.

"Then we get to explore the future together, Ladybug." He kisses my nose.

"Hey, Mom?" Our teenage son thunders down the stairs. He has his father's smile. "Any mail for me?"

I shake my head. "Not yet. You just sent those college applications off two days ago, Marco."

"I know," Marco says, rolling his eyes as only a teenager can. "I'm just excited. Anna says she wants to go look at the university with me."

"Right," Tony says sarcastically. "Just what I want. My sixteen-year-old daughter on a college campus."

I laugh and squeeze his hand. I've loved watching with Tony as our children have grow up. He's been the best father I could imagine. I kiss Tony's cheek and Marco makes a face like he's going to be sick.

"Get a room," Marco tells us, heading to the kitchen.

"We have several," Tony shouts back. "This one is the living room."

We laugh at the joke that only parents would find funny. Marco ignores us.

Tony's laugh turns into just a smile. "We have a good life here," he says, his voice deep and rich. I nod.

"That we do." I turn to face him, looking at his handsome face that I love so much. "I'm glad you're here for it."

"Me too," he whispers. "I love you, Kimberly."

"I love you, Tony." I lose myself in those warm eyes. "I have loved you for two lifetimes, and I'm never going to stop."

I lean in and kiss him, feeling his lips meet mine. This is how the world is supposed to be. This is how our lives are supposed to be. He is mine and I am his, forever and always.

