"No, sir. I don't think you should bring her," James said. "We've got a couple of your biggest investors that would make perfect dates for you."

"Is there a single one of them that is less than twenty years older than me? No. Is there a single one of them that is good looking enough to make a good tabloid picture? No," Paul Hayes said, holding his arm out for the measure tape. He had had his measurements taken many times before, but when ordering a custom suit, there was no reason not to be thorough.

"Look, sir, I'm thrilled that you are finally a pursuing a relationship with a single woman. I'm even happy with your choice of woman. However, this event requires that you bring a woman of high standing, and Ms. Collins simply doesn't fill that role. No offense, ma'am."

Oh, Tracy thought, so he can see me over here in the boss' chair. Tracy was used to being talked about like this in front of her at this point. It still didn't make her feel any better, though. "I don't think having me around is going to hurt Mr. Hayes' image too much. We've had our pictures taken together before, and I'm by far not the lowest class woman he's ever been seen with," she said, remembering all the bimbos who had walked into the restaurant with him.

"Again, no offense, ma'am, but this isn't just any night out on the town. This is the Ronald Hayes Cancer Research Charity Ball, and there's more at stake here than just Mr. Hayes' personal image. Believe me, I would love nothing more than to see you dressed up and on Mr. Hayes' arm, but this is about more than our personal wants. This is about the company," he explained.

Tracy snorted. In her dreams, she had seen exactly what James wanted to see her dressed up like, and it wasn't formal wear. Sometimes, this power was a curse...

Mr. Hayes turned to look at James, and the tailor dutifully turned with him, silently and obediently measuring away. "I don't care what you or anyone else thinks about Tracy. I seriously don't care. I will not be going to a charity ball in honor of my father with some 65 year old heiress who smells like old money."

James continued, undeterred. "I have another option then. The company's biggest investor, John Tice will be there. Escorting his daughter around would be a great move for both the company and for your own image."

Tracy would have to be blind to not notice the way Mr. Hayes perked up. "Jenna?"

"Yes, Jenna. She's recently graduated college with a degree in business and is looking for employment. Rumor has it she's not interested in working for her father's company at all. She could be an asset." James posited.

What was this? Tracy thought. This sounded like the Dark Ages, like the king of Spain should marry the princess of France to secure a treaty. This didn't sound like something that should happen at all.

"I'll keep it in mind, James. In the meantime, I'd like you to schedule Ms. Collins time for a dress fitting. We'll need Ms. Collins looking her best when we do go out," Mr. Hayes said looking over at her.

Tracy liked the way Mr. Hayes looked at her. His eyes seemed to glow with passion whenever he glanced her way. She liked how he looked too. As he was currently getting fitted, he had stripped down to his briefs and undershirt. Tracy could clearly see the way how muscular his legs were, and she thought, with lust, of how those muscles ran into a v-shape at his loins...

"Do you want that dress fitting done tonight?" James asked.

"No," Mr. Hayes said, a devilish grin crossing his face as he looked at Tracy staring at him. "I have other plans for today Make it a few days from now."

"Yes, sir," James said, and left the room. Soon afterwords, the tailor was done as well. Mr. Hayes watched as he left the room, then strode over to Tracy and kissed her. She smiled and returned the kiss.

▪▪▪

It had been a couple of months since Tracy had had her life turned upside down. First, she had failed out of medical school. A failed exam at just the wrong moment had ended her own dream of becoming a doctor. She had just begun feeling truly depressed about it when the bills had started arriving for her medical school loans. With no way to possibly pay them off, she had begun to think of ways that she could make some extra money.

In walked Paul Hayes, the billionaire playboy who just so happened to enjoy frequenting the restaurant she worked at. Hayes had made it clear from Day One that he would like to do more than just eat dinner with Tracy, but Tracy had managed to resist his advances, even though he was good looking and had a winning smile. As desperate for a way out of debt as she had been, she had begun to consider being his arm candy, but knew that she had to find a way to make it last.

It was at this crucial moment in that the stars aligned and the single best and worst thing of her life occurred. She had been driving home from work when a drunk driver had crashed his or her car directly into her before driving off. The accident hadn't killed her, but after she started receiving the medical bills, she knew that her life was effectively over.

The next time she saw Mr. Hayes, he again made it clear that he had the power to make all her problems go away, if only she would give herself to him. She had swallowed her pride and politely declined, but as he checked out her body, something happened. Tracy still hadn't figured out if it was a telepathic link, some form of clairvoyance, or whether it had any basis in science at all. What she did know is that, after feeling a blinding sensation behind her eyes, she had gone home and dreamed the dreams of Mr. Paul Hayes.

What she learned from the dream was shocking. Here was a man who was in control all the time, and the only thing he wanted was to have someone else take control. Tracy had seized on this, and the next time he hit on her, she went with him to his mansion. There, she tied him up...and left him. He pursued her, but she stayed one step ahead of him. After he paid off her medical bills, she humiliated him at the restaurant she worked at by making him clean it. The hand job she gave him was nothing compared to the promise that she made him: take care of the rest of her debt and she'd give herself to him. He did it without hesitation, and they made passionate love all evening long.

That had happened only two months ago, but already Tracy was comfortable in her new life. Originally, this had been all about money, but Mr. Hayes had fallen hard for Tracy. With his good looks and earnest desire to please Tracy in every way, it was hard not to have feelings for him. Even though it was clear that he was in love and she wasn't, Tracy hadn't yet found a deal better than this.

▪▪▪

"I have an important business meeting in seventeen minutes. You're more important than the meeting, but I should call ahead if I'm going to be late," Hayes said.

"And why, Mr. Hayes, would you be late?" Tracy said, teasingly, in between kisses.

"Well, I wanted to show you exactly who I'd like to go to the dance with," he said.

Tracy looked thoughtful. "Gee, I'm not sure if Jenna Tice can make it here in seventeen minutes." Hayes looked hurt for a moment, so Tracy followed with. "I, on the other hand, will be more than happy to let you apologize for wanting to see her."

Hayes gave her a smile, but it was strained. "Don't let it turn into this. John Tice is an old friend of mine. This company would not exist, and I literally would not be the man I am today, if not for him. It would be my privilege to escort his daughter around at the company charity fundraiser. She doesn't hold a candle to you. You're more of a woman than she'll ever be. You're the one that I want to please."

Tracy couldn't help but smile. She knew the words were true, but it was always nice to hear them. She leaned in and whispered in his ear, "Then please me."

Hayes grabbed his cell phone out of his pocket and dialed a number. "James? I'm going to run a little over with some damage control. Hand out the packets and let everyone know to have the details on page six memorized by the time I get there." He hung up without waiting for a response and threw his cell phone back in his pocket.

"Damage control? Is that code for some depraved sexual act?" Tracy asked teasingly.

Mr. Hayes looked at her with a smirk. "Why? What did you have in mind?"

Tracy knew exactly what she had in mind. "Wait here," she commanded. She turned around and sashayed over to his desk. When she got there, she lifted her hands under her skirt. It was a knee-length business skirt, nothing special, but she knew he still found it extremely sexy on her. She found her panties, and made an exaggerated motion of pulling them down, bending down until her hands were touching the floor. She stepped out of her panties and turned to face him. She sat on his desk and crossed her legs.

"Now, what were you saying about wanting to please me?"

Hayes strode across the room, obviously quite eager to please her in his own way. He was about two feet in front of her when Tracy suddenly yelled, "Stop!"He froze in his tracks. Tracy kicked off her pumps, revealing her bare feet. "Start there."

Hayes fell to his knees and took a foot in his hand. He lovingly kissed the top of her foot, before moving up to her ankle. He switched back and forth between legs as his kisses crawled higher and higher. Tracy started to feel herself moisten as his strong hands began wandering further and further up. He gently pulled Tracy's legs apart as far as the knee-length skirt would allow. As he moved past her knees, his fingers attempted to pull the fabric up. Tracy lifted herself up off the desk, and his fingers brought the skirt up to her waist. His fingernails rubbed her nicely as they ran back down to where he was kissing.

Now that she was no longer restricted by the skirt, she spread her legs completely. She moved her ass to the very edge of the desk, baring her sex for him to see. He lifted her right leg and ran his tongue up the inside of her thigh, moving closer and closer to his goal. Her breath began to get heavy as he got closer.

She anticipated the feeling of Mr. Hayes' expert tongue giving her pleasure, and she leaned back across her desk, propping herself up on her elbows. The billionaire inched his way up, savoring the taste of her thighs. When he reached her sweet slit, he slowly encircled it, like a shark circling his prey. Tracy's hands went to her br**sts through her blouse, her fingers touching her ni**les lightly.

Hayes touched his tongue to the bottom of her pu**y, right by her opening. Tracy gasped, and he began to lick it with all the fervor of a man in the desert at an oasis. She could feel the hairs of his five o'clock shadow tickling her all around her pu**y. Tracy always enjoyed this, but she knew what it led to every time. This time, she decided to let him hurry his way along so that he could get to his meeting. She moved her hand to his hair, pulling him upward. The feeling it gave her to control a billionaire's actions was empowering.

He took the hint immediately, going to work on her clit. His tongue flicked in and out of his mouth like a snake's, and with every touch, she found the muscles of her inner thigh twitching with pleasure. She no longer even felt the tickling sensation of his beard, as it faded away with all the other sensations in her body. It was as if she were an extension of her clitoris, only feeling what it felt.

She was climbing towards orgasm fast, unable to slow her climb towards infinity. She let out a series of loud gasps as her toes curled and her fists clenched. She fell off her elbows and laid all the way back on the desk. She arched her h*ps and closed her eyes as the first wave of her orgasm hit. Hayes kept mercilessly licking at her cl*t as her muscles spasmed all over her body. She squeezed her eyes so tightly shut that she saw stars.

Finally, Hayes slowed the pace of his tongue, and she crashed back down to Earth. She let out a sigh of pleasure as he pulled away from her. She watched as he quickly unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. She knew what he had in mind.

As he moved in towards her, she propped herself back up and grabbed onto his cock. She caught it just in time; the head of his c**k was already nestled in her labia. He looked at her quizzically.

She smiled at him. "You didn't think I'd actually reward you for your thoughts, did you?"

He looked fiercely at her, a brief look of rage on his face. He continued to push, and Tracy briefly considered letting him, letting his c**k fill her completely. She managed to hold fast.

"Tut tut, Mr. Hayes. It wouldn't please me at all for you to just take what you want. What I have has to be given freely, and today, I don't give it freely."

That seemed to get through to him, and he finally relented. He did seem annoyed though. He repositioned himself in his pants and zipped up his fly, then wiped at his mouth with a wet-nap while Tracy put her panties back on.

"I'll be flying to New York tonight, but I'll be back for our date tomorrow," he said.

She nodded. "I just want you to know that your apology is accepted. To show there's no hard feelings, I'll be wearing that black dress that you love. You know the one."

He finally smiled. She stared at his eyes, marveled at the glimmer in them, noting how beautiful they were. Soon, however, she felt the blinding sensation that always happened when she made a link with someone. She had become pretty good at hiding it, and just held her nose like she was going to sneeze. As they walked out of the door to his office, he added, "Make sure you wear your dancing shoes, too."

▪▪▪

Tracy's dreams were always a chaotic mess now, punctuated by the interruptions of other people's dreams into her mind. Tonight she found herself in a falling dream, wondering when she would hit the ground. The details were sketchy, and she wasn't nearly as worried as she knew she should be. Before she could even see where the ground was, the scenery changed.

She was now in a much more clear setting. It was a setting she had seen many times before. Many of Mr. Hayes' dreams began in his bedroom, and tonight was no different. The bed was bigger than it was in real life, and the details of the rest of the room were fuzzy, but there could be no doubt that this was his room. On the bed, Mr. Hayes lay waiting for something. His c**k was always larger than life, but the rest of his body barely came into focus. These were details he never thought about, she guessed.

Out of the bathroom walked "Tracy", or rather what Mr. Hayes dreamed of when he dreamed of Tracy. Tonight, the dream "Tracy" was wearing the little black dress that she had promised to wear. The cowl neck was hanging extra low, showing off tits that were just a little bigger than hers really were. The already short dress was even shorter in his dream, and was so tight that she would have to lose ten pounds to even consider putting it on. Of course it looked fantastic on her in his dream.

Her hair was jet black tonight, the bangs falling over her eyes to partially obscure her face. In fact, her face was difficult to make out at all. It was clear that it was her, but it was clear that her body was the focus of the dream.

The dream "Tracy" began to walk towards the bed, but before she could get there, another figure walked out of the bathroom. Tracy chuckled to herself. A common fantasy of Mr. Hayes was bedding two women at once. He had even broached the subject to her already, and she made it clear that he had better make damn sure it was worth it, because she would make him pay for it afterwords.

The figure also walked towards the bed, wearing a similar little black dress, fitting similar to "Tracy's". Two of me? Tracy thought, chuckling to herself. She quickly stopped laughing when she looked at the other woman's face. With laser focus, down to the detail, was a young woman's face. She looked angelic, cherubic, with cheeks just chubby enough to be considered cute. Light freckles dotted her face. Her hair was light brown and only highlighted her innocence.

Tracy needed no introduction to know who this was. Jenna Tice. The cute daughter of a major investor that had caused Mr. Hayes' heart to skip a beat upon the very mention of her name. Tracy knew that Mr. Hayes liked all women, no matter their age, as long as they were hot. Most of the women she had brought to the restaurant had been younger than Tracy, but not this young.

The dream "Tracy" brought "Jenna" in for a kiss. The two of them made out for a moment before Mr. Hayes stood and walked to behind "Jenna". The dream "Tracy" stepped back, and "Jenna" leaned over the bed without looking back. Her clothes seemed to dissolve around her, leaving a skinny, pale, young girl. Mr. Hayes put his hands on "Jenna's" hips. He looked at the dream "Tracy" expectantly.

The dream "Tracy" appeared to be turned on. "Fuck her," she commanded him.

Immediately, his clothes seemed to dissolve as well. His erect c**k entered her, and Jenna moaned with ecstasy. The dream "Tracy" moaned with ecstasy as well, watching the spectacle in front of her.

"Yes, f**k her."

Mr. Hayes' hands seemed to rub all over "Jenna's" body without him moving from behind her. However, his eyes remained locked on the dream "Tracy's" eyes.

"Harder."

He strove to pound into her even more, and every extra effort seemed to drive all three of them closer to orgasm. The room itself began to dissolve, leaving them all in a black nothingness, floating in space, as they all focused on their own pleasure. Mr. Hayes cried out, and began to loose his seed...

▪▪▪

Tracy awoke with a start. She wondered if something had awoken Mr. Hayes from his dream or if she had simply woken up for some other reason. She went to the bathroom of her apartment and splashed some water on her face. She still felt uneasy.

It wasn't that the dream was unpleasant. She had been something of a wildcat in college and even during medical school. There weren't too many women that she hung out with back then who hadn't made out with a girl for the entertainment of a guy at some point in their life. So it wasn't as if she was disgusted at the thought of her boyfriend fantasizing about her making out with another woman. It was that the image of Jenna in his dreams had been so clear.

At least the rest of the dream had a meaning that made sense, and it made her smile. Even during his most primal fantasy, to conquer two women at once, he had made it clear that it was part of that fantasy to please Tracy. It was just that, in this dream, the dream "Tracy" had been pleased by him f**king another woman hard.

That was one fantasy of his that would have to stay in his dreams, Tracy thought. She thought about what it would be like, and decided it wouldn't be so bad. Maybe she would let it happen one day, but with some bimbo that meant nothing to him, not Jenna. She knew that her position as his girlfriend was not impossible to topple. Encouraging him to have sex with a woman, a girl, who he'd have to see on a semi-regular basis was something she'd have to avoid.

It'd have to be something that she used infrequently, but she could see making it work for her situation. She thought about doing it the next evening, when they went out for dinner and dancing, but decided that she'd wait until after the Ronald Hayes Cancer Research Charity Ball. Wouldn't want to give him any ideas about trying to bring both Tracy and Jenna.

She brushed her teeth again, and before she knew it, she was back to sleep, dreaming her own dreams.

▪▪▪

Tracy looked herself over one last time. No wonder Mr. Hayes likes this dress so much, it does look good on me, she thought. Not quite as good as it had looked on the dream version of her, but it did seem to hug in all the right places. The cowl neck showed off the cle**age of her B-sized tits, and it made her h*ps look fantastic. She still didn't make it to the gym as often as she'd like, but this dress seemed to make all her extra weight melt away.

She was glad she was still a looker. So much of her plan relied on the fact that she was physically attractive, even if she was no model. She strapped her heels on, the ones that were comfy at the end of a long night of dancing. She took one last look at herself in the mirror before walking out the door. She never wanted to be skinny enough to be a runway model, she thought, but maybe a career as a plus sized model wouldn't be so bad.

When she left her apartment, Mr. Hayes was already waiting for her in his black sports car. She always made sure to be ready at least five minutes late for every date, but no more than thirty. Mr. Hayes had come to expect it, and no longer called to make sure she was coming out.

At the first sight of her leaving her apartment, he left the driver's seat and walked around to the passenger's side door, opening it for her. His eyes were on her the entire time she walked over to him, as he drank in the sight of her in the dress. He didn't make eye contact with her until she was within earshot.

"Wow," he said. "You look spectacular."

She blushed, but at the same time, she knew it was true. There would be more than just Mr. Hayes' eyes on her this night. She hoped that she didn't get a connection with too many guys tonight, because she knew that several of them would be dreaming about her in this dress.

She stepped into the car and sat down, and Mr. Hayes got in the driver's seat. He always drove himself. He never even had a chauffeur drive him. To those who just met him, that might have seemed weird, but to Tracy, it was just another telltale sign that he was a control freak. He was a good driver, though, no mistake about that.

Mr. Hayes put his phone in the center console. "I've specifically asked not to be disturbed tonight, and nobody knows where we're going. This should be a great night for us."

"Where are we going tonight?" Tracy asked, intrigued. Mr. Hayes never left his phone anywhere.

Mr. Hayes smiled. "At the last minute, James got us tickets to the Grand Opening of a salsa club. I wasn't kidding about you wearing your dancing shoes."

Tracy smiled back. "As long as they have good dessert, I'll dance all night."

▪▪▪

When they got to the club, there was a line out the door. The event was supposed to be invite-only, but it looked like they were trying to pack the place. Tracy had gradually come to realize that Mr. Hayes didn't really care what happened to any his cars, just as long as he wasn't in it. It came as no surprise to her that he eagerly handed the keys over to the valet to park it. They headed to the door, past the line, and sure enough, "Paul Hayes plus one" was on the list.

The club owner was just inside, obviously alerted that a VIP had entered. "Mr. Hayes, come with me. Your table and bottle service are on the second floor, overlooking the entire club."

They went past a second bouncer to a set of stairs that led to a small hallway and balcony that ran around the entire perimeter of the club. Tables lined a railing that looked out across the dance floor. The lighting was dim up there, probably so that the people below couldn't see the people above clearly. Many of the tables were deserted for now, but at least some of them had people, and Tracy couldn't make out any of their faces. At least there was floor lighting, Tracy thought.

The club owner led them to a table with four chairs around it. There was a bottle of top shelf vodka, a carafe of both orange juice and cranberry juice, and six cans of energy drinks. There were also four glasses and four shot glasses. "If you require anything else, please, let me know. In addition, all the waitresses and bartenders are instructed to give you whatever you need."

Mr. Hayes may have been used to this type of service, but it never got old for Tracy. After the two of them sat down, Mr. Hayes poured a shot for the two of them. "To getting what we want," he toasted. She clinked her shot glass with his and downed it. She never was much of a shots girl, but this vodka was really smooth. She quickly poured herself a screwdriver with the orange juice there and used it to chase.

"I want to dance," Mr. Hayes said, as he looked over the railing.

"I want dessert," Tracy said, smiling.

Mr. Hayes grabbed the next passing waitress that was walking down. "My girlfriend and I are going down to dance. When we get back up, we want a chocolate torte waiting for us on the table." The waitress smiled and nodded.

Mr. Hayes stood and extended his hand. She smiled and accepted it. Again, she passed tables where there were people. Although she couldn't see their faces, she knew that their eyes were on her.

Mr. Hayes led her to the middle of the dance floor. Although he wasn't Latin, he had rhythm and confidence, two of the main ingredients of a good dancer. They were also the two main ingredients of a good lover, she thought while smiling. As he twirled her and dipped her, she could feel herself sweating. During the second song, he turned her around and grinded on her ass for a moment, and she felt herself getting wet. By the end of the third song, she was ready to make love to him right there on the dance floor.

"Let's go upstairs," she said. "I need my torte."

He smiled. This time, he let her walk in front, his hands on her h*ps as she slowly walked to the stairs. The stairs were mostly deserted, and he took the opportunity to run his hands down her inner thigh as she walked. She knew that all he was trying to do was turn her on, and he was succeeding.

They sat down at the table, and there was the desert. It was beautifully presented, with whipped cream and even a single little cherry on top. There were two spoons, and Tracy grabbed one of them and broke off a little taste. It melted in her mouth, the taste touching all of her taste buds, and it was amazing. After being turned on so much and now having this delicious dessert, she figured this to be one of the best nights out since she had started dating Mr. Hayes.

She looked up to tell Mr. Hayes to try it, but his eyes were focused to someone in the hallway behind her. She heard a female voice behind her. "Mr. Hayes?"

Tracy turned, and even though she hadn't met the woman personally, she already knew who the woman was. Or rather, she knew who this girl was.

"Jenna!" Mr. Hayes exclaimed, a little more excited than he should have been.

This young girl wasn't quite as young as she had been in Mr. Hayes' dream, but she was pretty close. She could almost be considered as angelic as Mr. Hayes' dream had made her out to be. Her eyes were so cheerful. She still had the light freckles. Her cheeks were slightly chubby. The most striking differences were that she had pale skin, and her long hair was so dark that Tracy was sure that she must have dyed it.

Jenna wore a strapless, black, sweetheart cut dress. At the bottom was a frilly line of lace, and around her midsection was a pink bow, tied up like she was a little present. She had on a beautiful set of black heels, which added a few inches to her height. There was no doubt about it. The package was all there, and she knew just how to attract eyes to her. She was beautiful, Tracy admitted. Absolutely beautiful.

Jenna smiled a smile that could be seen even with the dim lights. She shrieked, and as Mr. Hayes stood she gave him a big hug. "I haven't seen you since my high school graduation. How are you?"

Tracy could see all the signs of a schoolgirl crush. Mr. Hayes didn't need to be a psychic to see the same thing. "I'm great, just great. Jenna, meet my girlfriend, Tracy!"

Jenna leaned down and hugged Tracy. "So great to meet you!"

Tracy put on a smile, but her fantastic evening seemed like it might be over. She told herself she wasn't jealous, but this was the exact type of scenario she had been trying to avoid. A younger, beautiful girl who just happens to be the daughter of one of his oldest friends was exactly the type of girl who could steal Mr. Hayes right out from under her.

"Take a shot with us, Jenna," Mr. Hayes said, as he pulled a third shot glass from the arrangement on the table.

"Sounds great!" Jenna said. Tracy made note of the way she set down her purse on one of the chairs. Jenna intended to stay there the rest of the evening, Tracy thought. Mr. Hayes poured three shots and put one down in front of Tracy. He handed the other one to Jenna.

"Thanks, Mr. Hayes!" she said, the girlish charm oozing through.

"Please, call me Paul," he said. He had made the offer many times to Tracy, and she had never taken him up on it, but now she really could feel the jealousy rising within her. It surprised her, but she at least admitted it to herself.

Jenna smiled. "Paul," she said, as if confirming it. "What should we cheers to, Paul?"

"I don't know. Tracy, do you have any ideas?" Mr. Hayes asked.

Tracy shrugged, and Jenna spoke back up. "To seeing old friends."

Mr. Hayes smiled and locked eyes with Jenna. "To old friends," he said, and clinked shot glasses with Jenna. For a moment, Tracy thought they might forget all about her, but Jenna made a point of clinking with her, before Mr. Hayes remembered too. As their eyes met, Tracy smiled.

▪▪▪

The rest of the night was no longer about Tracy, but she didn't exactly feel like she was the third wheel either. Jenna did end up sitting with them, and immediately engaged Tracy in a conversation. She seemed more interested in what Tracy had been up to in the past couple years than Mr. Hayes. In fact, she almost seemed to be ignoring him and concentrating solely on Tracy.

The cynical side of Tracy thought that it was because she could already sense that she had Mr. Hayes wrapped around her little finger. Or maybe it was that she knew that she had to act aloof to get his attention. Either way, Tracy knew that she should feel threatened. After another drink, however, she felt herself intoxicated by Jenna.

She didn't know if it was her bubbly demeanor, the rapt attention with which Jenna listened to her, or the alcohol. All she knew is that her resistance to Jenna hanging out with them was slowly fading away.

Mr. Hayes, apparently tired of being the third wheel on this date, insisted on going and dancing with Jenna. He asked Tracy if it was okay, to which she smiled and said it was. Tracy watched from the balcony as Mr. Hayes danced at least as dirty with Jenna as he had with Tracy. She watched as they stayed out there for two, three, four songs. During the fifth song she finally got tired of watching them and headed down to the dance floor herself. She caught up with the two of them on the dance floor and tapped on Mr. Hayes' shoulder. He looked back and smiled, then immediately broke from Jenna and turned to Tracy.

Jenna said something to Mr. Hayes which Tracy couldn't hear over the music, then disappeared into the crowd. Tracy noticed that Mr. Hayes was covered in sweat from dancing on the hot dance floor. He looked exhausted, and his dancing didn't have quite the energy that it had an hour ago.

"Hey, do you want to have another shot?" he asked in her ear as they danced close.

"Why do you ask? Is Jenna up there waiting for us?" she asked, teasingly.

He looked down for a moment, before making eye contact with her. "I'm sorry if you feel like she's intruding on our date. I can send her away for the rest of the evening if you'd like."

Tracy laughed. "Don't worry about it, I'm having a great time!"

Mr. Hayes pulled her in close. "Just how great a time are you having?"

Tracy leaned into him and whispered, "If you have a question to ask me, why don't you just get to the point?" As Tracy leaned into him, she could feel the bulge in his pants growing.

"Well, what do you think of asking Jenna to join us tonight?" he asked.

There was the question. At least he had got it out. "It looks like she already has joined us tonight. I'm sure she's waiting at our table right now," she said.

"Don't act coy. You know what I mean," he said.

She leaned back and laughed, doing a couple dance moves. He didn't miss a beat, twirling and spinning her before pulling her back again.

She knew that it was a bad idea, and that she would probably regret it later, but between his dancing and his obvious attraction to Jenna, she was finding it difficult to say no. "What are you going to do for me?" she asked.

He smiled broadly. "I don't know. What do you want?"

Tracy had pretty much everything she wanted already. It was nice being the girlfriend of a billionaire. "How about a seat on the company's board of directors?"

Mr. Hayes chuckled. "I want this badly enough to say yes, however, every new member has to get a majority of the current board's votes. I doubt you'd get approved, unfortunately."

Tracy shrugged and smiled, twirling away from him again. She could play hard to get, for sure. Mr. Hayes wanted this to happen way more than she did. He pulled her back in and spun her around, grinding into her backside.

"How about the restaurant you used to work at?" he whispered in her ear.

She stopped cold, right there on the dance floor. She had never told him that she wanted to own the thing, but it had been her dream to own some kind of restaurant for years now. With Mr. Hayes bankrolling the project, she'd make that place the greatest restaurant in the city.

"Are you serious?" she asked.

He nodded.

She thought about it for a moment. It was a dream come true. She had already tipped her hand that it was important to her, so she couldn't easily trade something else for it. She smiled and pulled him close, dancing slowly with him.

"I have three conditions," she finally said.

"I expected that," he said.

"One. The restaurant and a budget for the complete redecoration of it," she said, already thinking of the new decor.

"Agreed," he said.

"Two. This is a one time thing," she said.

He cocked his eyebrows. "You mean you'll never have another woman join us? Ever?" he asked.

She smiled briefly. "That's not quite what I meant. I might be convinced to do it again, but never again with Jenna. It'll have to be a different woman next time."

Mr. Hayes hesitated for just long enough that Tracy added,"These conditions are non-negotiable."

"Alright, I agree," he said. Tracy wasn't sure if he meant it, but she would stand fast. "And the third condition?"

She leaned in close. "You may f**k her tonight, but only if you please me for the rest of this song."

Mr. Hayes smiled and kicked it into overdrive. His dancing instantly took on a new energy, and it was as if she were dancing with a new man. Every thrust, every dip, every time they locked eyes, they all reminded her that he knew who he was really here with, even if he might be going home with two women tonight.

As the song ended, he dipped her very low. At the very bottom of the dip, he held her there. His eyebrows lifted, as if to ask, "Was that good enough?" Without waiting for an answer, he pulled her back up, and immediately gestured towards the stairs. She led the way. The hands on her h*ps groped her with even more intensity than they had last time, and she could feel his manhood brushing up against her. She was completely turned on.

When they got back to the table, Jenna, of course, was there. What surprised Tracy was that she was eating a piece of cake...her cake! She was furious for a moment, then laughed at herself when she realized that she would be okay with sharing her man tonight, but would flip out over sharing a chocolate torte.

Jenna smiled as she saw them, and immediately began pouring three shots. Tracy almost refused hers, but when Mr. Hayes picked it up and handed it to her, she found it hard to resist. Mr. Hayes raised his shot glass in the air. "To negotiation!"

When Jenna looked confused, Tracy put her shot glass up. "How about this instead?" She looked at Jenna. "To new experiences." They all clinked shot glasses.

▪▪▪

For the rest of the evening, Mr. Hayes divided his attention evenly between the two women. Jenna seemed strangely aloof, as if she didn't care that he was hitting on her. However, the man kept dancing, the shots kept being poured, and soon all three were sweaty and drunk. Tracy hoped that Mr. Hayes had paced himself. It would be quite embarrassing if he exhausted himself before he was required to perform that evening.

At one point Mr. Hayes was dancing with the girl, and Tracy looked over the balcony at them. Jenna looked absolutely fabulous when she was out on the dance floor with Mr. Hayes, and Tracy knew that this would be a night that they would all remember. She found herself glad that she had agreed to this. New experiences, indeed.

As the two stumbled their way back to the table from the dance floor, Jenna took a sip from her cranberry drink. She looked a little woozy. Tracy wouldn't have been surprised if she couldn't hold her alcohol at her age and weight. "Hey, Jenna. Would you come to the bathroom with me?"

Jenna smiled up at her and nodded. The two grabbed their purses and left Mr. Hayes all alone at the table.

There was a line at the bathroom on the first floor, but the VIP had a bathroom all to itself, and there was no line at all. As a couple girls walked out, Jenna and Tracy walked in.

In the bright lights of the mirror, Tracy could tell for sure. Jenna was trashed. "Mr. Hayes sure is a lot of fun to hang out with," she said, running some water onto her hands.

Tracy smiled. "He sure is."

Jenna looked Tracy up and down in the mirror. "You're a lucky woman to be with him. I keep thinking he's going to ask me to come home with him, but then I remember that you came here with him."

Tracy smiled. If Mr. Hayes hadn't yet "sealed the deal", Tracy was unsure if she should help him or not. She decided, however, that she could help ensure that her conditions were met if she helped the process along.

"He is going to ask you to come home with him. I'm coming too. Enjoy it, and enjoy him, because this is a one-time event," Tracy said.

Jenna's jaw dropped a little bit. "You're serious?"

Tracy was still all smiles. "Of course I'm serious. You're not prude, are you?"

Jenna, her mouth still agape, shook her head. "Of course not. You're one of the most beautiful women I've ever met."

Tracy looked at the two of them in the mirror. The two women in their black dresses made quite a pair, and she was sure that they would blow Mr. Hayes away.

"Now, let's not keep him waiting. Oh, and Jenna?" Tracy stopped.

Jenna looked back.

"Don't tip him off about what I told you."

Jenna smiled and winked at her before wobbling out of the restroom. Tracy followed her, watching the girl sashay out. She watched her h*ps sway from side to side and decided that this was going to be a fun experience.

▪▪▪

"Well ladies? Another shot?" Mr. Hayes asked holding up what was left of the bottle. They both nodded and he poured the last of the liquor into the glasses. They clinked glasses and swallowed the bitter liquid. A waitress came by and picked up the empty bottle.

"Can we please get another?" Mr. Hayes asked, catching the waitress's elbow. The waitress's face furrowed and she bit her lip.

"I'm very sorry sir, but the bar has closed. If you would like, I can get the manager and he can unlock the bar..." she said trying to keep him happy. Mr. Hayes frowned, his eyes going dark.

"Paul, I'm sure you have something at your house. My father is always talking about your amazing wine cellar," Jenna interjected, catching Mr. Hayes's attention. The waitress hovered for a moment, looking anxious until Mr. Hayes smiled.

"Jenna, that is a wonderful suggestion," he smiled drunkenly at Tracy. Tracy nodded and she could practically see him wiggle with excitement. Tracy waved the waitress away, smiling at the look of relief flooding the poor thing's features. She knew what it was like to not be able to make a customer happy. She had been in that situation one too many times herself.

The three of them worked their way to the entrance of the club. Mr. Hayes began looking for his keys before remembering that he had given them to the valet. He laughed a little too loud and caught the attention of the club owner.

"Mr. Hayes, I hope you had a wonderful time this evening," the owner said smiling at him. The glazed expression on Mr. Hayes' face revealed just how much he had to drink. "I would like to offer you the services of the club car to return you to your home. If you would like, I can have your car delivered to you."

"What do you mean the "club car"? I only drive myself," Mr. Hayes said stubbornly. The club owner looked uncomfortable for a moment, but held firm.

"Mr. Hayes, I can't in good conscience let one of my favorite customers drive home drunk. I have been informed that there is a sobriety check point outside the city tonight. I insist on providing you a way home," the owner said, and stood firm, planting his feet in front of the valet.

"But...it's a forty minute drive to my house!" Mr. Hayes sputtered.

"All the more reason why I can't let you drive. You understand, don't you?" The club owner was starting to look more and more panicked.

Luckily, Jenna stepped in. "Oh, Paul, let's just go to my apartment. It's only twelve blocks from here, and the drive won't be so bad. I'll find a way to keep you distracted," Jenna said sweetly. She batted her eyelashes up at him.

Tracy jumped in as well. "Besides, you know how I feel about drunk drivers," she said, rubbing the scar that ran from her eyebrow to her forehead. A souvenir of the time a drunk driver had almost ended her life.

He swallowed hard and nodded slowly. Tracy could tell he was feeling trapped, but he didn't want to miss this opportunity with Jenna. The club owner wiped a nervous hand across his brow, smiling at the three of us.

A large, fancy, black town car pulled up the curb and the driver hurried around to open the door. Jenna squeaked with excitement and quickly climbed into the car, giving the driver her address. Tracy gave Mr. Hayes a gentle push towards the car. He swallowed again, clearly uncomfortable with the idea and moving slowly. He climbed into the back seat next to Jenna, trying to smile as she jabbered away about how she always enjoyed being chauffeured around as a kid. Tracy smiled at the club owner and slid into the car.

The backseat was just large enough to hold the three passengers comfortably. Mr. Hayes's knees pressed into both Jenna and Tracy's knees, but there was enough space that they didn't feel cramped. The driver entered the car and turned on the ignition. As the car started rolling forward, Mr. Hayes' hands clenched into balls of tension. He licked his lips nervously, glancing out the windows and down the side streets.

The driver slowed for a red light and prepared to turn. He inched out into the intersection and began pulling into the intersection when the signal turned green. He started to accelerate towards the green light when a car blazed through a red light.

"What do you think you are doing? You are going to get us killed!" Mr. Hayes screamed at the driver. "Get out. I'll drive."

"Sir, I can't allow that. Please sit back and try to relax," the driver said calmly. He began pulling forward again, the car picking up speed. Mr. Hayes wiped his sweaty palms on his pants. Tracy could see perspiration beading on his forehead as he struggled to maintain his composure.

Jenna was oblivious to Mr. Hayes' obvious discomfort and continued trying to tell him funny stories about her prep school days. He gave her an empty smile, his eyes darting wildly around the cabin of the car.

"You need to be in the other lane. Did you even see that other car? I am complaining to your supervisor," Mr. Hayes growled at the driver. His hands were white knuckled on his knees. Tracy put a hand on his. She could feel every muscle of his body tense and ready to run. His skin was cold and clammy. She could tell that it was only through sheer force of will that he hadn't jumped out of the car. She had never seen him look so nervous. If she didn't know better, she would have said he looked afraid.

Tracy turned to Jenna. "Jenna, I think Mr. Hayes needs a little distraction." She pulled Mr. Hayes' face towards hers and kissed him, deeply. He did seem to forget for a moment about not being in control, and ran his hand up her side. Jenna openly stared at them, her lip bit.

"Now, Jenna, why don't you distract him for a moment?" Jenna smiled like a kid in a candy store, and threw herself at Mr. Hayes. While Tracy's kiss had been slow and sensual, Jenna's kiss was hungry, like the two were teenagers parked at Lover's Lane. It was a stark contrast.

Tracy leaned in, and grabbed Jenna's chin. "This might distract you as well," she said, and leaned across Mr. Hayes. Jenna leaned in as well, and the two locked lips. Tracy noticed how soft Jenna's lips were. Her youthful energy didn't subside for the kiss with Tracy, and soon her tongue was darting in and out of Tracy's mouth. Tracy's hand went to Jenna's hair. It was working as a distraction, as the two women stole glances at Mr. Hayes. His eyes were fixed on them, and he was definitely excited. She wondered how far this kiss was going to go.

She didn't need to worry, after all. Either something happened in front of them, or the driver had looked back and become distracted by the two women making out. He swerved to miss something, and Mr. Hayes was broken from his trance. "Damn it, you are the worst driver I have ever known. How did you even get this job?"

The driver didn't even look back, didn't even provide an excuse this time. Jenna kissed Mr. Hayes' cheek, tried to pull him in for another kiss, but his eyes were fixed on the road. The moment was over. They'd have to wait until they got to Jenna's apartment to do any more.

▪▪▪

Mr. Hayes nearly bowled Tracy over when the car came to a stop in front of Jenna's high rise apartment building. He bolted out of the car and onto the curb. Tracy could hear him breathing hard as he headed towards the steps. Putting his life in the driver's hands, a complete stranger, was torture for him.

Jenna giggled as she exited the car, still tipsy from the club. "Oh, this place gets bigger every time I come home!" Jenna said, dancing up the stairs. Tracy handed the driver some money and thanked him. She knew that there was no way Mr. Hayes was going to tip him despite the fact that he had done his job well. At least money wasn't an issue for her anymore. She would just get more from him later to make up for it.

By the time that she turned back to the apartment, the doorman had the door open and Jenna was on her way in. "I love the marble floors of the lobby, too!" She spun in circles, nearly colliding with a man exiting the building. Tracy watched her youthful energy. Tracy knew that she was still young as well, but could she keep up with this?

Mr. Hayes followed, seeming to forget the horrible car ride over here. It did seem to sober him up a little bit, though. He was no longer swaying as he walked, now fixated on Jenna as she playfully made her way to the elevator. The three of them got in, and Jenna pushed the button to the top floor. Tracy felt as Mr. Hayes began to rub her backside, and she looked over to see that he was doing the same to Jenna. This was definitely going to be a night he never forgot.

As soon as the elevator doors opened, Jenna began to skip down the hall towards her apartment. Mr. Hayes was right behind her, but Tracy caught his arm. He looked at her, questioning.

Tracy smiled. "Enjoy yourself tonight, but don't forget: this is a one time experience. Don't make any promises you can't keep."

Mr. Hayes smiled and nodded, then went to follow. Jenna got the door open to her apartment, and immediately took her shoes off, throwing them in the closet with what looked like a hundred others. "Those shoes are pretty, but they hurt my feet!" she said, very matter-of-factly. She danced over to her kitchen cabinets and got out three glasses and a bottle of champagne.

Mr. Hayes finally seemed to be recovered from the trip over. "Why don't we skip the champagne and you give us a tour of your place?"

Jenna smiled and put down the bottle. "Maybe we'll open this later," she said with a smile. She seemed to dance her way through her apartment, her bare feet barely touching the ground.

Tracy noticed that she wasn't actually showing them the apartment, instead going straight for the bedroom. That was fine with her.

When they stepped into the bedroom, Mr. Hayes wrapped her arms around Jenna's waist from behind. Jenna's smile beamed across the room. This was her dream, Tracy realized. She had probably had a crush on Mr. Hayes for the past ten years, ever since her father invested in his company. Now, she was finally going to have him.

Jenna turned around, her hands going to Mr. Hayes' face. He leaned in, kissing her fiercely. She squeaked, obviously not expecting him to be so forward. As his mouth went down to her neck, sucking on her, she moaned. "Paul..."

Tracy didn't want to be the third wheel throughout this entire experience, so she moved behind Jenna. She quickly unzipped the zipper, and the sweetheart cut dress fell to the floor immediately. Jenna's small br**sts were exposed, her cute ni**les perky and obviously stimulated. Jenna worked Mr. Hayes' dress shirt open, her hands running over his pecs.

Tracy stepped back and looked at the sight. The strong, muscular billionaire. The petite, flawless younger woman. It's like something she would read in a paperback romance novel. Fortunately, she was here to make sure this didn't turn into a romance. However, she was going to have a good time tonight.

She moved behind Mr. Hayes and pulled his shirt off the rest of the way, then forcefully turned him around. He wasted no time, rubbing his hands all over Tracy's body through the dress. Jenna stayed behind him, rubbing her body against his back and her hands against his chest.

Mr. Hayes' hands went to the back of Tracy's neck, lifting the strap of her cowl neck dress and letting it slide off her body. As the dress fell off her br**sts, Mr. Hayes looked at her with hungry eyes. Tracy appreciated the attention; even with the slender brunette behind him, he still had the courtesy to check her out.

Mr. Hayes buried his face in her br**sts, his stubble rubbing pleasantly against them. His kisses went all the way down her belly, and he fell to his knees in front of her.

Jenna giggled a little bit. "Why don't you go sit on the bed, and the two of us will get on our knees for you?" Mr. Hayes broke out in a grin, stood up, and did as he was told. He laid on the bed, and Jenna was in front of him in a heartbeat. As Tracy removed her heels, Jenna worked Mr. Hayes' pants down, removing his shoes and socks dutifully. Finally, Jenna put her fingers in his boxers and worked them down, marveling at the c**k she revealed.

She looked at Tracy, briefly, a tinge of jealousy in her eyes. Then she gestured for Tracy to join her in front of him. Tracy smiled and knelt next to her. Jenna rubbed her fingers up Tracy's back, eventually going to Tracy's face. As she grabbed Tracy's chin, the two moved in, a light kiss on each other's lips. Tracy watched as Mr. Hayes' c**k went from being half-erect to straight-as-an-arrow in a heartbeat.

Jenna must have noticed too, because she came in for even more of a kiss. The two of them moved in closer, their br**sts brushing against each other lightly. Tracy had never gone quite this far with another woman, but it was far from unpleasant. The two made out with each other for a few more moments before Jenna broke away, her eyes feasting on the c**k in front of them.

Jenna moved in, grabbing his dick and taking it in her mouth. Tracy ran her nails lightly up Jenna's back, and Jenna shivered slightly in pleasure. She moved up and down, obviously with a lot of practice at this kind of thing. Tracy smiled. Maybe she wasn't as sweet and innocent as she looked, and maybe Mr. Hayes might be in for more of a treat than he had even expected.

Tracy moved in as well, and Mr. Hayes was given a show that he was sure to never forget. Jenna moved to one side of his rod, her tongue licking the side. Tracy moved to the other side and did the same with her tongue. The two women moved their tongues all over his dick, sometimes meeting, but always keeping Mr. Hayes' pleasure in mind.

Tracy grabbed Mr. Hayes' dick and Jenna's head, pushing her onto it. "You take over," she said, and Jenna did exactly that. Tracy moved on to the bed, pushing Mr. Hayes down onto the bed. She worked her way up the bed, sitting on Mr. Hayes' stomach. She leaned down to kiss him, and whispered in his ear. "Don't forget. I can only please you if you please me."

Mr. Hayes smiled, clearly on Cloud Nine while his dick was being sucked. Tracy turned around, putting her ass in Mr. Hayes' face. As she worked her way to a good 69 position, she lightly grabbed Jenna's hair, moving the young girl's head up and down. She felt as Mr. Hayes slipped her panties to the side and buried his face in her warm sex. She moaned, "Mr. Hayes." Jenna looked up and smiled. She grabbed Mr. Hayes' c**k to Tracy, who stuck it in her mouth with pleasure. Jenna stood up and removed her panties, revealing a cute landing strip patch of hair.

Jenna moved up, running her nails over Tracy's back as Tracy had just done to her. She ran her fingers lightly over her ass before running them through Mr. Hayes' hair. She giggled, then Tracy heard her say, "I can't wait to see you make her come."

With that, Mr. Hayes increased his efforts. Tracy felt his tongue move into overdrive as he began to concentrate on her clit. She lifted her head up, lifted her whole body up, until she was practically sitting on his face. He never paused, never slowed down, just kept flicking his tongue against that clit. Jenna stood next to her, and ran her fingers from her side to her front, then up. As her fingers touched her ni**les, Tracy brought her hands up and held Jenna's hands against her, cupping her br**sts. She leaned back and kissed Jenna, a deep kiss, before the pleasure overwhelmed her.

She leaned back, every muscle tensed, before the dam of her orgasm broke. Every muscle spasmed as the electricity of her orgasm shocked her, as her two lovers touched her as she'd never quite been touched before. The intensity of the orgasm ebbed and flowed, like an electric current, and when it finally subsided, she was spent.

"I am so turned on right now, Paul," Jenna said. As Tracy rolled off of Mr. Hayes, Jenna whispered in his ear. He smiled, and moved all the way onto the bed, so he was now laying with his head on the pillows. In an instant, Jenna was on him. Tracy heard Mr. Hayes and Jenna gasp together as she lowered her soaking pu**y onto his rod.

She began bouncing on him, really looking youthful as her energy worked herself into him. All of a sudden, he put his hand on her back and brought her down. She continued to writhe against him, and he whispered in her ear. "You're on the pill, right?"

She blushed and froze. "Of course, Paul. A girl has to take every precaution nowadays."

Tracy bit her lip. She believed Jenna, but she knew that for Mr. Hayes to ask, he intended to come inside Jenna. Should she stop it?

She didn't need to worry. As Jenna started to grind on his c**k again, she ran her hands through her hair. "Oh, it's going to be so hot to watch you come inside your girlfriend."

Tracy smiled. Jenna knew the most tactful way for her to say "There's no way you're going to come inside me."

Mr. Hayes smiled, understanding loud and clear. His hands moved to her ass, and he started to thrust in her quickly. Tracy watched as Jenna squeaked at every deep thrust within her. This was better than any p**n she had ever watched.

Mr. Hayes let go of her ass and she straightened back up, writhing like a snake on his cock. As she gyrated her h*ps in circles, Tracy came up behind her, wrapping her hands around her body to grab her perky little tits. Jenna leaned back, running her fingers through Tracy's hair. Mr. Hayes ran his hands up Jenna's body, eventually going to Tracy's body.

Suddenly, Tracy ran her fingers up Jenna's back, eventually grabbing a fistful of Jenna's hair and pulling slightly. It was a little out of character for her, but she heard Jenna gasp and she knew that she tightened up, because Mr. Hayes gasped as well. Tracy pulled the hair from Jenna's ear and whispered. "Why don't you let Mr. Hayes have a taste of that pu**y?"

Jenna giggled a little, and when Tracy let go of her hair, she lifted herself from Mr. Hayes' cock. She stood and walked on the bed over to Mr. Hayes, then lay down on him so that they were now in a 69 position. Mr. Hayes wrapped his arms around Jenna's slender legs and began to lick.

Jenna took Mr. Hayes' dick in her mouth again, sucking her sweet juices off of it. When she pulled her face away from it, a river of her spit ran from her mouth to lubricate him. Tracy smiled, and began to mount him. Jenna sat up, her eyes fixated on his c**k and her pu**y. Tracy slid down onto his waiting rod, and Jenna moaned louder than she did.

Tracy bounced up and down on his cock, enjoying how hard he was. This was an exciting time for him, she could tell. Jenna's hands touched Tracy's boobs, enjoying the extra bounce they had. Tracy knew her br**sts were smaller than average, but they looked good on her body, and more than one man had commented on how nicely they bounced.

Jenna removed herself from Mr. Hayes face and laid next to him, offering him a long kiss. Tracy got up too, and lay on his other side. He moved over to kiss Tracy, and it must have been heaven for him, sandwiched between these two lovely young women.

Tracy whispered to him in a commanding voice. "Stand up."

He immediately sat up and swung his legs off the bed on Jenna's side. Tracy smiled. I'm still in control, she thought.

Tracy moved closer to Jenna. She rubbed her nails up the soft, na**d skin of her legs. "I want you to f**k Jenna while she lies on the bed. I want you to f**k her like you've never f**ked a woman before."

Mr. Hayes smiled. Tracy knew this was his dream, to please Tracy while f**king Jenna. Jenna smiled as she moved to face him. Mr. Hayes put Jenna's legs on his shoulders, and moved his c**k to the precipice. Tracy lifted Jenna's head up and moved underneath her, setting her head on his lap. Tracy's hands went to Jenna's tits, grabbing at them, while she looked Mr. Hayes in the eye.

Mr. Hayes winked at her, and then slid inside of Jenna. Jenna was instantly moaning, practically screaming, as Mr. Hayes pounded her pu**y. Tracy kept her hands on Jenna, and Mr. Hayes moved Jenna's legs so that her knees touched her belly, eyes locked with Tracy the whole time. Jenna leaned back, her moans turning into frantic cries of pleasure. Her hand went to her clit, and she began to rub it.

A sheen of sweat broke out on Mr. Hayes' muscular body as he continued to pump inside of the young woman, and Tracy found herself being turned on by the sight and by the repeated thrust of Jenna against her legs. Suddenly, Jenna's cries took on a different tenor, as she began rubbing her cl*t even quicker. Her jaw dropped, and she looked up at Jenna. Tracy looked down at her, and Jenna smiled.

The two girls locked eyes, until Tracy felt a familiar burning sensation behind her eyes. Just as Jenna closed her eyes in orgasm, Tracy closed her eyes against the blinding flash that accompanied a link with another person. To Mr. Hayes, it may have seemed that they came at the same time, Tracy so turned on by her gyrations that she had an orgasm herself. It was a dream come true for him.

Tracy recovered from the link before Jenna's orgasm ended, but she moved from underneath Jenna immediately. She looked Mr. Hayes in the eye. "I want your cum," she said.

Mr. Hayes smiled, and Tracy turned around, getting on her hands and knees above Jenna. Mr. Hayes pulled out of Jenna, and Jenna looked as if she were lost without his c**k filling her. However, when Mr. Hayes pushed into Tracy's wet slit, Tracy leaned down and kissed her.

From the rhythm of Mr. Hayes' thrusts, Tracy knew that it wouldn't be long until he came. She leaned onto Jenna more heavily, and Jenna's legs wrapped around her body. She knew that Mr. Hayes would enjoy the sight of a pair of female legs wrapped around her body, and she continued to kiss Jenna.

Jenna broke from the kiss. "Come in her, Paul. Fuck her hard. Fuck her until you come," she cried, egging him on. Tracy felt him swell in size as he let out a huge groan. Jenna leaned back and moaned as Mr. Hayes' hot seed coated Tracy's insides. Tracy had never seen someone so turned on by sex, and it was contagious. She moaned as well, the two women's sounds probably waking up everyone else in the apartment building.

Mr. Hayes pulled out of Tracy, and she could immediately feel the liquid leaking out of her. She stood up quickly. "Where's your bathroom? I'm afraid the tour guide must have missed it earlier," she said with a smile.

Jenna giggled. "Across the hall."

Tracy rushed across the hall and cleaned up as much as she could. She thought about taking a shower, then decided to ask if either of the other two wanted to join her. She came back into the bedroom, and to her surprise, the two were curled up in bed together, Jenna's head resting on Mr. Hayes' arm. Both of them were already asleep. Typical, Tracy thought. I'd expect that from a man, but Jenna too?

There was plenty of room on the bed, so Tracy got on the other side of Mr. Hayes. She didn't particularly like to sleep naked, but she doubted any of Jenna's clothes would fit her. Still, it was warm in the apartment, and she was able to go to sleep almost immediately.

▪▪▪

As expected, Tracy soon found herself a floating pair of eyes in someone else's dream. She remembered the link she had experienced with Jenna as they made love, and figured this must be her dream.

She was in a gigantic ball room, lined with mirrors on both sides. It was like something out of Cinderella, or a Victorian-era movie.

There were people all over, all very generic but all dressed fancy. Their clothes were in more focus than their faces. Tracy watched as they all danced in time with each other, but in a very dream-like trance.

Suddenly, trumpets sounded, and everyone looked towards the door. There, in a cream-colored dress, was Jenna. Her arm was locked around the arm of Mr. Hayes, who was much larger than he was in real life. I suppose he can seem larger than life sometimes, she thought. They were obviously the honored guests of the ball.

Ha, Tracy thought. Jenna's in for a rude awakening if she thinks that she'll be going to the ball with Mr. Hayes. Tracy watched as the two of them made it to the dance floor, Jenna radiating happiness the whole time.

The two began to dance, and Jenna's dress fell out of focus. In fact, the only thing that was in focus were her beautiful cream colored high heels, which seemed to dance with a life all their own. Mr. Hayes kept up with every dance move she made, even though they seemed random.

A waiter in a tuxedo walked by with a tray of wine glasses. Jenna grabbed his arm and the man stood by, looking as if he hardly noticed the delay. Jenna stooped down and grabbed her shoe, pulling it off. She somehow opened the heel of the shoe up, and pulled out a large vial with a skull and crossbones on it. She dumped the contents of the vial in one of the wine glasses. Neither man in front of her seemed to even notice her doing any of this.

As she spiked the wine, it turned purple and steamed. She handed the glass to Mr. Hayes, and the two klinked glasses. As soon as he took a sip of the drink, he gasped. He began to shrink immediately. Soon he was shorter than Jenna, and kept shrinking. She began to laugh, and he kept getting smaller. When he was about six inches tall, she lifted up her heel and brought it down on him, and he immediately melted into a red puddle.

▪▪▪

Tracy awoke with a start. She looked over at Jenna, peacefully sleeping in Mr. Hayes' nook, a smile on her face. What a violent dream to have, Tracy thought. And she seemed like such a nice girl, Tracy thought.

She stood, needing a glass of water to go back to sleep. She went all the way back to the kitchen, which was in the front of the apartment, before turning on a light. She felt silly standing in another woman's kitchen completely naked, but the water was helping to steady her nerves.

She looked around. There, by the door, she could see the pair of heels that Jenna had carelessly tossed in the closet when they had arrived. The closet door was still open, and she could see several rows of shoes. Typical of a girl this rich, Tracy thought.

Still, the dream troubled her. She walked over to the closet and opened it all the way. There were shoes of every color and type, sandals, sneakers...

And there, at the back of the closer, was the pair of shoes she had been wearing in the dream. Not a similar pair of shoes, these heels had the same straps, the same coloring, the same everything. Tracy knew that this was the exact pair. They were gorgeous, and had been the only part of Jenna's dream in complete focus.

Tracy went to her knees, and grabbed the two shoes. They felt normal enough for shoes that cost more than she used to make as a waitress in a week. Tracy inspected the heel of one shoe. She knocked her fingers against it, tried to lift off the bottom. Nothing. She grabbed the other shoe, and as soon as she pressed the front of the heel, a spring loaded compartment popped out. Nowhere near big enough to hold the vial from her dreams, but definitely big enough to hold a small vial.

Tracy thought about it. Did Jenna mean to poison Mr. Hayes in front of everyone? It could be something like a laxative or a chemical designed to make him throw up, something just to embarrass him. Tracy hoped it was as benign as that, but something about the dream made her think it was much worse. She wanted him dead.

Tracy had no idea what Jenna could have against Mr. Hayes, but she knew she wasn't going to find out by just sitting here looking at the shoes. She carefully replaced the shoes, drank the rest of her water, and went back to bed. She'd have to let Mr. Hayes know in the morning. She looked over at Jenna, the angelic smile on her face telling the opposite story of what her dreams told.

▪▪▪

"Yes James, I understand... yes, of course... yes... very good." Mr. Hayes spoke smartly into his phone as he and Tracy rode down in the elevator. Tracy had gotten used to the morning calls from James and had stopped paying attention whenever Mr. Hayes's phone rang. He hung up the phone as they exited the elevator and headed through the main lobby.

The doorman met them with a set of keys. Tracy smiled knowing that Mr. Hayes probably had the car arranged the moment he had gotten out of the chauffeured car the night before. His shoulders relaxed as the keys slid into his hand and he knew he was in control yet again.

Tracy was quiet as Mr. Hayes started the car. She was still reeling from her premonition and her discovery of the spring-loaded shoe-heel. The implications were staggering. Tracy tried to figure out what Jenna would gain from killing Mr. Hayes.

Was it a financial motivation? Jenna's father was simply an investor and would actually lose money if Mr. Hayes died. Jenna was not in Mr. Hayes' will. Emotional reasons perhaps? No, Tracy sighed as she shook her head. Jenna obviously had enjoyed his company, both at the salsa club and in the bedroom. She didn't have an emotional reason to kill him. It just didn't make sense, but the dreams had never been wrong.

"You are awfully quiet, Tracy. Are you alright?" Mr. Hayes asked, glancing over at her in the passenger seat. He looked so comfortable in the driver's seat, carefully guiding the car back to his mansion. She shifted on the leather seats, her dress uncomfortable being worn the morning after.

"Bad dreams," Tracy said carefully. She wasn't sure if she should tell him what she had seen. There was a very real possibility that he was just going to dismiss her concerns as nothing but nightmares.

"I had great dreams last night," he said with a smile. He turned and caught her eye. "Thank you for that."

Tracy bit her lip before speaking. "I don't think Jenna is quite what she appears to be."

"What do you mean?" Mr. Hayes asked, his eyebrows coming together.

Tracy paused. Best to be as direct as possible without mentioning the fact that she saw Jenna's dream. "Last night, I got up to get a drink of water. I saw her shoe collection, and grabbed one of them. There was a spring-loaded chamber in one of them."

Mr. Hayes scoffed. "So, what? You think she hides coc**ne in there?"

Tracy sighed. "I'm actually kind of suspicious about what Jenna has planned for you. I think she might try to poison you, specifically at the charity ball."

Mr. Hayes looked over at her, his mouth agape. "I can hardly believe my ears. You're jealous! I didn't think you'd be jealous, especially after how much fun you were last night."

"I'm not jealous!" she practically screamed. It sounded untrue, even to her. "I am actually concerned for your well-being. I just don't want you to go with her to the ball. I don't trust her," Jenna responded. His patronizing tone grated on her. If only Mr. Hayes knew about Tracy's dream connections, he wouldn't dismiss her so lightly. Then again, he'd probably dump her immediately.

"Tracy, I didn't want to bring this up until later, but I am going to the charity ball with Jenna. It's already been arranged," he said, having the decency to at least look slightly embarrassed.

"WHAT!? No! You can't go with her!" Tracy nearly screamed. It took all of her will power not to completely lose her cool. There was no way that she could allow this.

"I'm sorry, Tracy. Jenna's father insisted. I owe too much to that man not to do this," he said.

She decided to use the one phrase she knew had worked before. "Going to the ball with Jenna would displease me greatly and I know how much you want to please me," Tracy tried desperately to hold onto her composure. She hoped this tactic would work again.

"Tracy, this has already been arranged. I can't change it now. I am going to the ball with Jenna whether it pleases you or not. Please, don't let your jealousy ruin this for both of us," Mr. Hayes said, trying to sound authoritarian. It made Tracy's blood boil.

"I don't want you to go with her. You can't. Bring anyone else. Anyone. I know you have a book full of beautiful bimbos who would do anything to be seen with you. Bring one of them. Anyone but her," Tracy pleaded.

"No, Tracy. I am going with Jenna," Mr. Hayes said coldly.

"She is going to kill you," Tracy enunciated every word as carefully as she could.

"Jenna is not going to kill me. You are just jealous and had a bad dream. Don't make wild claims you can't support." Mr. Hayes took a quick look over at her, as if to make sure she was okay. "This isn't like you, Tracy," Mr. Hayes said, and Tracy couldn't tell if it was concern or anger starting to creep into his voice.

"You aren't listening to me at all. I just told you that I think Jenna is going to murder you and you shrug it off and tell me you are going to go to the social event of the year with her. You know what? You can just drop me off here," Tracy replied angrily. This wasn't how she had envisioned the day going.

"I am not dropping you off here. Your apartment is only a few blocks from here," Mr. Hayes said and rolled his eyes. Tracy gave serious thought to hitting him.

"Fine. Just know that I am incredibly displeased," Tracy growled and slammed her body into the back of her seat. She refused to look at him or answer him after that, instead just staring out the window until he pulled up at her apartment.

As soon as the car stopped, she unbuckled her seat and stepped out of the car.

"I'll have the paperwork for the restaurant drawn up. Do you want to talk about it over dinner?" he called out hopefully after her. She didn't say a word to him as she slammed the door shut and headed up to the front door.

▪▪▪

"Who does that!?" Tracy yelled at the empty apartment. She wasn't sure if she was referencing herself or Mr. Hayes. She flung her shoes on the floor near the door, feeling a perverse satisfaction at the way they banged the floor. He had paid for this apartment, not her. The scuff didn't bother her at all. She knew in the back of her mind that she would regret it later, but for the moment it felt like a small way to get back at him.

She pulled the dress off over her head and left it laying on the floor. She went in the bathroom and slammed the dials until hot water came out. She wanted to break everything she touched just to get the frustration out of her system. She stepped into the steaming water and let it wash over her.

Hot tears poured out, her frustration and pain finally releasing in the hot water. How could he do this to her? She screamed at the water, wanting to know why he would choose to hurt her like that. He knew that Jenna sparked a small jealousy in her, but to keep throwing it in her face was just mean. She had given him his greatest desire: a threesome, with a girl he had lusted after for a long time and yet he refused to listen to her.

Slowly, the pain started to recede, leaving Tracy feeling hollow and worn out. I should just let him go with her. Won't he be surprised when he's dead, she thought to herself. The lack of warmth in the thought surprised her. Why do I have to do anything anyway? Her mind asked her coldly.

The question made her stop. Why did she care what happened to him? She had gotten everything she wanted out of him already. She had her bills paid, the apartment was in her name and completely paid for, the restaurant was days away from being in her name and she had enough extra funds to pay for everything she could possibly want. She didn't need him anymore.

Tracy ran a handful of shampoo through her hair. She didn't need him anymore, but she didn't want to lose him. The idea that he could choose someone else over her suddenly made her grow cold. Their relationship had started out as a business transaction, but she was feeling an odd amount of tension over losing him if that was all it was. It wasn't just the idea of Jenna poisoning him, it was the fact that Jenna was stealing him away from her. She leaned back and rinsed the soap out of her hair, trying to process her emotions.

Sudden understanding hit her hard and she nearly went to her knees. I think I love him, Tracy realized. She wiped the water out of her eyes. Maybe she did love him. Despite her best efforts to stay distant and aloof, she had finally fallen for him. The idea that he would chose Jenna over her cut deeper than she thought possible. He was supposed to trust her. He was supposed to want only her. Tracy had been taking his desire to please her for granted, and now that it was in danger of being taken away, she realized how much she needed him.

"I have to do something," she whispered into the water. A need to do something, to save him suddenly filled her. She was not going to let a pampered little rich girl steal her man and she definitely wasn't going to let her kill him. Jenna turned off the shower and grabbed her towel. She picked up her phone and dialed Mr. Hayes' secretary.

"Hi, Ms. Wolf. What time is my dress fitting for the Ball?"

▪▪▪

Tracy opened her car door. The valet walked up to her and waited while she put her high heels on. No way she would have driven her car up these windy mountain roads in heels- she might never have made it! She stood up and smoothed her off-white satin gown, then handed the keys to the valet.

She looked at the structure in front of her. The mountain chalet was gorgeous, even if it was at the end of a long and windy road. The view from the balcony would be spectacular, she knew. This far out of town, she might even be able to see stars tonight.

She walked up the stairs. There was a lot of security in here tonight. She hoped that they would buy her story.

The head of Mr. Hayes' regular security detail, Greg, was at the door. He smiled as he saw her. "Ms. Collins, a pleasure to see you!" For a moment, he looked confused.

Tracy spoke before he could ask any questions. "I'm Mr. Hayes' 'plus one'."

Greg looked at his list. "Mr. Hayes has already arrived with Jenna Tice," he said.

Tracy waved her hand dismissively. "That was for appearances. I'm his official date for tonight," she said, confidently.

He looked over his list again. "Well... Jenna is on the list anyway, so he's still got his 'plus one' available." He looked behind him, as if he were going to call for someone to check. Tracy started to sweat a little bit, thinking that her plan was about to come crashing down. However, Greg turned back to her with a smile, gesturing over his shoulder. "Go on ahead, Ms. Collins."

Tracy smiled at him. She knew she liked him for a reason. She stepped through the metal detector, wondering how Jenna had made it through with her shoe. Then she realized that the buckles were made of metal and that the machine was probably designed to ignore shoes.

She stepped into the main ballroom. Not quite the hall of mirrors that it had been in Jenna's dream, but still a fancy looking place. There were all sorts of important looking people there, several of which were members of the Board of Directors for Mr. Hayes' company. She thought that it was probable that she was the only person here with a net worth of less than a million dollars.

She began to scan the crowd for Mr. Hayes, but she didn't have to look long. A hush came over the crowd as a man began to announce the charity's functions and how each donation went to help cancer patients worldwide. Then, the man called Mr. Hayes up to give a speech.

Tracy knew he had rehearsed this speech a lot, but she knew he would manage to deliver it as if it were off the cuff.

"You know me, and you know I don't like to talk for long, so I'll keep this brief.

My father died of cancer ten years ago. A self made millionaire, he invested in my company early on, and I wouldn't be the man I am today if not for him. I owe it to his legacy to try and donate more and more of the fortune we accumulated together to try and beat his killer.

I owe even more of my success to our biggest investor, and he's here tonight. When my father died, he took over, becoming like a father to me. John Tice, where are you? Let's give him a round of applause!"

He scanned the audience, looking for John Tice. His eyes briefly passed over Tracy, then snapped back to her. As he confirmed it was her, a brief scowl passed across his face, then a big smile. He thinks I'm here to apologize, she thought.

His eyes moved on, and finally found John Tice. He was standing with his daughter, Jenna, and accepting his round of applause. When Tracy laid eyes on Jenna, she knew that her dream had been true. She was in the same dress as she had been in the dream. Tracy couldn't see her shoes with all the people between them, but she didn't need to. While everyone was clapping and smiling, Jenna was staring up at Mr. Hayes, a cold determination in her eyes. It was the look of a woman about to murder.

Mr. Hayes continued with his speech. "That's all I've got for you tonight, so give what you can, and drink enough to make my Dad proud!" A cheer rose up from the crowd, and Mr. Hayes walked off the stage.

Most people expected him to walk to John Tice, but instead, he made a bee-line to Tracy.

"Tracy. Since you're already in, I won't have security escort you out." It was a serious thing to say, but Mr. Hayes said it like it was a joke, so Tracy let it slide. "Truthfully, I'm glad to see you. I'm sorry we fought."

It wasn't quite an apology, but it would do for now. "Thank you, Mr. Hayes."

He moved his hands to her shoulders. "I know we were both hungover, and I understand your jealousy. I totally get it. But you're the only woman for me. You have nothing to worry about," he said, looking into her eyes.

Tracy might have melted at his words, his voice, his look. "Oh, Paul," she said, calling him by his first name for the very first time.

He looked as if he might melt too, it was so sweet a moment. Tracy's mood, however, quickly hardened as she saw Jenna walking up with two wine glasses.

"Oh. Hi, Tracy!" Jenna said, as bubbly as she was the night before. "That dress looks great on you!"

Tracy knew that Jenna had no idea that she knew her plans. When Jenna handed Mr. Hayes a glass of champagne, Tracy cried out, "Don't drink that!"

Mr. Hayes looked shocked. "I thought we were past this, Tracy."

"What's the matter?" Jenna asked.

Mr. Hayes turned to Jenna. "Tracy thinks you're going to try to poison me tonight."

A momentary flash of anger and then horror that Tracy knew and that she would suggest something that was going to ruin her plans. "That's ridiculous! Here." She took his glass of champagne and took a sip of it, then took a sip of her own champagne.

Mr. Hayes turned back to Tracy. "Are you satisfied?"

Tracy knew that she only had one last chance. "Please, Mr. Hayes, just look in her shoe. Check to see if there's anything in the compartment."

The color drained from Jenna's face, but again she recovered quickly. "Look, Tracy, I'm sorry that you're jealous. I should have known that last night was a mistake, but I can promise you that Paul's place is by your side. I'm not here to replace you."

It was exactly what Mr. Hayes needed to hear to turn against Tracy. "See? Please, Tracy, enjoy the rest of the night, but leave the two of us alone."

Tracy felt sick to her stomach. "Mr. Hayes, please! If you check her shoes, I promise I'll leave and give you as much space as you need."

Mr. Hayes looked really angry. "You know what? Fine. I'm sorry to do this Jenna, but please take off your shoes."

Jenna turned completely pale. "N- no."

Mr. Hayes chuckled. "It's fine, I'll return them immediately. I'll even buy you new ones if Tracy damaged them."

Jenna looked towards the exit. She took a step backwards. "You can't see them."

Mr. Hayes turned to face her completely. "What?"

Jenna looked as if she had something else to say, then suddenly ran for the door, surprisingly fast for someone on high heels. Tracy knew there was no way for her to catch up, and Mr. Hayes was in shock. "Stop her!" Tracy cried out.

There was too much security at the door for her to just run out. One of the security guards caught her. Jenna cried out hysterically, obviously terrified. Tears streamed down her face as she struggled to get free. Tracy pitied her, but she knew she had won.

▪▪▪

There were six people in the upstairs room of the mountain chalet while the rest of the party bustled along downstairs. Tracy and Mr. Hayes held each other tight. John Tice sat in a chair in the corner, his head in his hands. Greg, the security chief, and James, Mr. Hayes' personal assistant, argued about what should be done, while Jenna sat with her hands zip-tied to a chair.

The vial had been small, small enough to fit in Jenna's heel compartment. Greg's men had whisked it away to be analyzed, but Greg had smelled the hidden compartment it came from. "Smell the almond smell? Cyanide. You would have been dead before you hit the ground if you had drank it."

John had first fought the men to try to get his daughter released, but had relented when they said that they had not called the cops yet. As the men had argued in front of the tied up Jenna, John had turned to his daughter and asked, "You weren't going to kill Paul, were you?"

"Yes, I was," she replied, matter-of-factly.

"I forbid you to say another word until our lawyer gets here," he commanded, and she obeyed. She always obeyed him.

Eventually, James and Greg went to talk to John. They spoke in hushed tones, then the three men walked over to Mr. Hayes and Tracy.

James started. "Mr. Hayes, I think you can agree with us that this is a delicate situation."

Mr. Hayes nodded slowly.

"Jenna won't tell us why she wanted you dead, or if anyone put her up to it. If she won't tell her father, she won't tell the police either," James said.

"Go on," Mr. Hayes said.

James took a deep breath. "We all think it would be best if you let Jenna go with her father. He would ensure that she never step foot in this city again, and that she would be accompanied by two men at all times."

Mr. Hayes sneered. "The benefit of being rich, I suppose. I can trust you to place your own daughter under arrest, rather than leave her to the mercy of the justice system."

John looked solemn. "You can trust me. You always can."

Tracy was incredulous. "There's no way we can let her go. She-"

Mr. Hayes cut her off and continued. "You've always been like a father to me, John. I owe you so much. I would like it if our relationship weren't impacted by this incident," he said. "I have a question, though. Did James suggest that I go to this ball with Jenna?"

John nodded. "How did you know?"

Mr. Hayes turned to James. "James told me that you insisted that she be my date tonight. James, I don't know if you're a part of this conspiracy or not, but I can't have you in my organization any more."

James' eyes bugged out of his head. "What!? But-"

"But nothing. You've never wanted me to be with Tracy. It was you who let Jenna know that we were going to the salsa club, wasn't it?"

James sputtered. "Yes, b-but I never meant for her to hurt you. Either of you! I knew that you wanted to be with her anyway! I was looking out for your best interests!"

Mr. Hayes turned to Greg. "This man is no longer a member of this organization. I'd like him escorted out immediately. Send two of your men up to cut Jenna loose and escort her out as well."

"Yes, sir," Greg said.

Greg and James left, and Mr. Hayes turned back to John. "I'll meet with you on Monday at 1 pm to discuss the terms of me not going to the police. Nothing serious, but I'm going to insist that one of the men on Jenna's detail be on my payroll."

John looked furious. "Son! You don't trust me?"

Mr. Hayes took a quick glance at Tracy, then replied. "It's not a matter of trust. When I give up control, things don't work out quite the way I intended. I refuse to completely give up control of my attempted murderer to her father." John paused, as if to try to bargain. "This is non-negotiable," Mr. Hayes added, a mirror of the negotiation on the salsa floor the night before.

Two men appeared from downstairs and cut Jenna loose. "These two men will stay with Jenna until Monday. She is to stay in town until then, and they'll be relieved by a full time guard after our meeting. You can fly her wherever you wish after that."

John nodded, a little dejected. He did realize it was almost as good as he could have hoped for. The four left the chalet together, and Jenna even managed to smile as they passed the other people. Appearances were everything.

▪▪▪

Mr. Hayes turned to Tracy. "There is one person I can give up control to," he said. He leaned in for a kiss.

Tracy stopped him. "You obviously don't trust me, Mr. Hayes."

Mr. Hayes looked hurt. He was still pretty calm for having almost been killed. "I definitely trust you, Tracy. I've never trusted anyone like I trust you."

"I don't believe it," Tracy said, sounding as hard as she had during their first sexual encounter, when she had left him tied up in the bed.

"What do I have to do to prove it to you?" Mr. Hayes asked.

Tracy grabbed his hand and walked down the stairs. Mr. Hayes smiled as they walked past the people at the party. Tracy smiled too, but kept right on walking out the exit. She handed the valet her ticket.

"You have to show me that you trust me," Tracy said as the car pulled up. She opened the passenger side door. "Get in the car."

Mr. Hayes nodded and slowly slid into the passenger seat. Tracy could see him tensing as he reached for the seat belt. She revved the engine and took off onto the road. His foot hit an imaginary brake pedal as she sped down the small road and up the mountain. He looked as though he was going to be sick, his eyes wide and glancing frantically through the windows. His hand went to her leg, gripping hard, then pulling away at the next turn.

"Tracy, please slow down," he said through clenched teeth. His hands clenched in his lap and every muscle in his body screamed with tension.

"No. You have to show me that you trust me. I won't let anything happen to you. You just have to show me that you trust me," Tracy reiterated. She carefully turned the sports car onto the mountain pass. Tracy had driven this pass several times. It was a beautiful place to look at leaves in the fall. She knew it was going to be a difficult drive for Mr. Hayes though, as it was a twisting road with a sharp fall-off as the road climbed up the mountain.

"Alright Tracy. I trust you," Mr. Hayes said softly. He closed his eyes for moment, concentrating on his breathing. He took a deep breath in and unclenched his fists. "I love you."

Tracy took a tight turn, speeding up as she exited and headed into another. She smiled. Three little words weren't going to make her go easy on him.

She felt him put a hand on her leg and she looked down. His hand lay gently on her thigh, relaxed and comfortable. Tracy looked over at Mr. Hayes and he smiled at her. There was just a hint of tension in his shoulders, but his face was serene as he gazed at her.

"I trust you Tracy," he whispered, his lips curving into a smile. His eyes stayed on her face, his body relaxing into the seat. Tracy smiled and sped up. She hugged a corner, pushing the little sports car to its limits in the high altitude. His hand rested gently on her lap, never squeezing or flinching despite the twists and turns. Every time she looked over at him, he simply sat looking at her with absolute trust in his eyes.

By the time they reached the top of the mountain, Tracy knew without a doubt that Mr Hayes trusted her implicitly. She slowed the car into the scenic overlook at the top of the mountain and turned to face him. The view was spectacular; the mountains peeked their heads out of the clouds like sleepy giants. He smiled at her, his eyes dancing with excitement.

"You do trust me," she said, putting her hand on his.

"Forevermore. I am so sorry I didn't believe you at first. I promise to always believe you from now on," he promised earnestly.

Tracy leaned over and kissed him softly. His lips pressed against hers, starting sweet but quickly growing stronger. Mr. Hayes reached up and pulled her in for another kiss, exploring her mouth with his tongue. She darted her tongue out to meet his, beckoning him in for more.

"We should move to the backseat," he said with a glint in his eye. Tracy grinned back at him and quickly undid her seat belt and slid into the back seat. The leather was cool against her skin, the long satin dress sliding easily against the seat. Mr. Hayes was beside her in a moment, ready to kiss her again.

She reached up and pulled at his bow-tie, watching it disintegrate in her fingers before undoing the top button of his shirt. He quickly shrugged out of his jacket, tossing it carelessly on the car floor. Mr. Hayes reached with both hands and cupped Tracy's face in his fingers, drawing her in for yet another heavenly kiss, his tongue slipping between her lips. She fumbled frantically with the buttons of his dress shirt, opening them up to her as quickly as possible.

Tracy ran her fingers along his open skin, electricity passing between them like lightning. The hard muscles of his chest and abs radiated heat, calling her to touch him. He kissed down her neck, biting her collarbone gently as he pushed a strap of the satin gown off her shoulder. She shivered with anticipation as he kissed her shoulder. Mr. Hayes chuckled softly and bit down, spiking just enough pain to cause pleasure.

Tracy pulled at his shirt, and he sat back long enough to remove it. She bit her lip as she looked him up and down, enjoying his physique. She loved the way his muscles moved under his skin, beckoning her to touch him. He kissed her again, a short but passionate kiss, before moving to her shoulder again. She reached behind her, gently tugging on the zipper running down her back.

The dress opened easily, and he wasted no time pulling it off her shoulders and down to her waist. He sucked his breath in appreciatively as he looked her over, moving his hand to caress the tops of her br**sts. Her sweetly curved mounds moved gently up and down as she breathed, the pretty lacy bra she was wearing barely containing them. She loved the way the bra pushed her small br**sts into something worth drooling over.

Mr. Hayes licked his lips and kissed each breast, his hands slowly circling around to unlatch the clasps holding the captive. It only took a moment before he released the tender flesh. His hands were instantly upon her, caressing and cupping each breast like a precious jewel. He rubbed his thumbs against her ni**les, turning them into tight pink buds of pleasure. Tracy moaned softly and he leaned over to take one in his mouth. He ran his tongue along her skin, tasting her.

"I want to please you ," he whispered.

"Then do it. Show me what you can do," Tracy whispered back.

With gentle hands, Mr. Hayes worked the dress down her hips. Tracy arched and moved her body to slither out of the beautiful dress. She let it fall to the floor as she stretched out across the back seat of the car. He touched her softly all over her legs. His fingers worked their way up to her underwear, pulling them down to her feet. She lay before him, exposed.

He worked his tongue up her legs, all the way to her opening. She sighed as pleasure washed over her. He started to move his tongue against her cl*t in a new way, an undulating wave, almost as if a snake were darting its tongue in and out of its mouth. It was amazing, and she soon felt like she was rising. She felt like he was driving the car up the mountain pass, and she was along for the ride. All the twists and turns just served to excite her, and within moments, she found herself tensing up like she had made him.

"Relax," he said. She smiled down at him, letting her muscles go slack. He kept the same rhythm and intensity, and again she was climbing the mountain pass. Just when she started to tense up again, she forced herself to relax, trusting him the same way that he trusted her. He stuck a finger inside of her, then two, continuing to lick. The two fingers curled up, touching the top of her vaginal canal. The feeling was amazing.

"Stop, stop, it's too intense," she said, trying to push him away.

"Trust me, this will feel fantastic," he said. She began to moan, leaning back and wrapping her hands around the handle of the door. She felt herself climbing to the peak of her orgasmic mountain, and the car wasn't about to stop. She practically screamed as she felt a rush of fluid escape her body, as her body spasmed and her pu**y contracted on Mr. Hayes' fingers. She trusted him completely as she careened off the edge of the Earth. Her orgasm rocked her completely, sending her into space. She saw stars.

Mr. Hayes was apparently turned on by all this. He wasted no time getting his pants off and positioning himself on top of her. "Yes, f**k me," she said breathlessly, coming down from her orgasm. He entered her quickly, his lust overcoming any chance of taking this slow.

She dug her fingernails into his back as he thrust deep inside of her, his need taking over. Her fingers ran up his back to his hair, pulling him into her shoulder. He bit down as his muscular h*ps continued to pound into her, and she got the perfect view of his ass gyrating against her. She moaned at the sight, it was so hot.

She lifted her legs up and wrapped them around his legs, letting him know exactly who was in control. She brought his legs in further, increasing his penetration of her, while she writhed in ecstasy. She kept her fingers in his hair, bringing him in further, causing every inch of their flesh to be touching.

She pushed him back, and he began thrusting again with fury. She smiled at him. "I'm going to get on top of you, now." Not a request, a demand.

He smiled and pulled out. She got up and he laid on the seat. She was on his c**k in an instant, gyrating against him. "Lay perfectly still," she said.

He smiled and lay back, and she slowly gyrated against him, moving her h*ps to maximize her pleasure. Her hand went to her clit, and she began to rub herself as she bounced a little faster. He moved his hands to grab her h*ps and she pushed them away. "Let me do it," she commanded.

His eyes closed as he let her do all the work. She worked her h*ps against him, as quickly as she could, her own hand playing with her clit, sending waves of pleasure through her body. "I want you to come. Will you come for me?" she asked.

He shook his head quickly, biting his lip. She continued to rock against him, using every bit of her energy to milk him. "Come. Come for me. I want your come," she said, encouraging him. "I'm in control, and I want you to come."

At that last phrase, he seemed to surrender to her, and within a dozen more strokes, she saw his head lean back a little more, and all his muscles tensed up. His knees hit her in the ass, but she kept gyrating on him. She was rewarded with a warm, wet splash within her. He opened his mouth and uttered a soundless cry, almost as if his voice had cracked. She knew she was causing him so much pleasure, and she didn't want it to end for him. She quickly removed herself from his dick, and moved her mouth down to continue.

"Oh my god, Tracy. I love you," he said as she sucked on his cock. She smiled on the inside. Men would say anything to get this kind of treatment, but she knew that he meant it. She knew that she had him.

When he began to get soft in her mouth, she stopped. She squeezed next to him on the car seat, and put her head on his shoulder.

"Do you trust me?" she asked one last time.

Out of breath, gasping for air, he answered a quick, "Yes."

She snuggled into him, feeling his warmth touch her on the outside as it just recently had on her inside. "Then you have pleased me." They looked into each other's eyes, and Tracy felt the link between them. She knew that she would be dreaming his dreams that night, and smiled even as the pain built behind her eyes. As the blinding light subsided, Mr. Hayes looked at her, concern in his eyes. She continued to smile. "I am pleased."

