Tracy sighed to herself. Another month had passed, and another month she was stuck here, doing this crummy job. She looked at her surroundings. In a fancy restaurant like this, a waitress should be making at least minimum wage. If not for the tips, she'd probably go under.

A couple of years into medical school, she had recently failed out after working a few late shifts too many and failing an important exam. Now she was stuck with a gigantic student loan bill. Just the thought of how long it would be before she could claw her way out of that debt was enough to bring her to tears sometimes.

She sighed again while wiping the spilled wine off of a table where one of her rich patrons had got drunk and spilled half the $200 bottle of wine all over himself and the floozy he had brought to dinner. Only a couple years older than Tracy, Paul Hayes ran his own company, and was rumored to soon be one of the world's youngest self-made billionaires.

Everyone knew about him, the way he loved to throw around money, the way he had to be in control. He insisted every time he came in that Tracy be his waitress, and why not? She was the smartest and most competent waitress in the whole restaurant, not to mention one of the prettiest. He had often hinted, sometimes quite strongly, that she could be one of his floozies if she wanted to be, but Tracy always smiled and easily managed to stop his advances. It's not that she couldn't do it, she thought to herself.

She had often looked at her body in the mirror and wondered how she continued to be blessed with such a fit physique even with her infrequent trips to the gym. She still had the tight legs she had had since high school, and though she had filled out a little, she was still quite pleased with how she looked. Her br**sts were a B cup but pushed together nicely to give her cle**age when she wanted it, even though they were covered completely by her waitress outfit. Her ass was nice and round, filling out every pair of jeans or skirt that she wore, especially when she wore heels.

No, it wasn't her body that made her hesitate. It's that she had no idea what Mr. Hayes wanted. She knew that if she slept with him and didn't give him exactly what he wanted, he would be done with her and probably this restaurant as well. He was a real good looking guy who kept himself in great shape, with broad shoulders and a nice chest, but he was also her biggest tipper and she couldn't afford to trade the short term high life for the long-term tip dollars that he could offer. It was a pragmatic decision which sometimes disgusted her, but she knew that everyone works for someone else, and that she was no different than anyone else who made these types of decisions.

The thing he wanted had to be something that none of these girls would give him, since he was with a different girl almost every time he came in, but it was surely nothing that Tracy could offer him. She was prettier than average, sure, but nowhere near as hot as some of the girls he came in with. If she got a little more desperate for money, though, then perhaps...

She put the thought out of her mind, and finished closing down the restaurant. As she waved goodbye to her co-workers, she again lost herself in ideas about how to make money. Maybe she could start her own restaurant...

In a moment, her life changed forever. A drunk driver came around a corner and lost control, driving onto the sidewalk. Tracy jumped but her head hit the car's windshield and she tumbled over the top of the car. She lost consciousness just after she hit the sidewalk, and the driver never even slowed down to see if she was okay.

***

Tracy awoke a few hours later. Her whole body ached and she was pretty much immobile from all the wires and the IV in her, but otherwise she felt like nothing was broken. A nurse was in the room with her, and soon a doctor came to visit her. A few scrapes, many bruises, and a few stitches in her forehead, but nothing major. The doctor said it was practically a miracle, that she seriously had a guardian angel watching out for her. Tracy might have believed that if she wasn't already thinking about how much this was going to cost her without insurance. Just one more thing, she thought.

She returned home that very evening, refusing to spend a night in the hospital bed that would have just cost more money. She wondered how she would ever fall asleep with as much pain as she was in, but as the taxi dropped her off, she realized she could barely keep her eyes open. Must have been that pain medication they gave me, she thought. She managed to get inside and lock the door before stumbling to her bedroom and falling into bed. Instantly asleep, she dreamed strange dreams for a while, but eventually fell into a deep slumber.

***

Tracy called in sick, or rather injured, to work the next day, but she knew she couldn't take much time off work. She agreed to come back in on Friday and Saturday night to make up for it, and knew she'd be doing that an awful lot over the next few months. Kiss my life goodbye, she thought to herself. Friday night she rousted herself out of bed, took some pain medication, and made it to her waitress job only fifteen minutes late.

The manager, while mostly an uncaring prick, let it slide this one time, making it clear he thought he was doing her a huge favor. A great way to start the night, she thought. She was mostly slow and stiff doing her job, but she could do it. The three days she had taken off ended up being a life saver. All of her bruises were gone, and the stitches had already dissolved, leaving a small scar that ran from the edge of her right eyebrow to the middle of her forehead. It wasn't too noticeable, and in fact she thought it looked kind of cool. She had thrown a little blush on to mask it, but otherwise didn't think it hurt her appearance whatsoever. She was a little slow serving each of her first customers, but soon she was back into the swing of things, with just a little creak of pain here and there.

At about eight, Mr. Hayes came in with a new young woman on his arm. She showed the two of them to their table, and his date quickly excused herself to go to the bathroom while Tracy went to take the rich man's wine order.

"Tracy, when I heard what had happened to you, I hoped everything was okay. You look remarkably well healed," Mr. Hayes said, actual concern in his voice.

"Oh I'm fine, sir. I must be made of steel," she joked.

"You know, if any of your medical bills are going to be an issue, I have a friend or two at the Chamber of Commerce who might be able to help you out," he said, very matter of factly.

"Really?" she said, maybe with a little too much hope in her voice.

"Yes, really. Why don't you come back to my place with us tonight and we can talk it over?" he said. The tone of his voice betrayed exactly what they'd be "talking" about if she went home with him.

Tracy's hope instantly deflated. It's not that she didn't want to have sex with him, but she knew that if she went home with him tonight, she'd just be used up and thrown away in the morning. He might not even have the connections he claimed to have, but there's no doubt that he'd pressure her into sleeping with him if she went home with him. "I'm sorry, I've got to get home early tonight, doctor's orders. Maybe another night?" she said, hoping it wouldn't come to that.

He sounded honestly a little deflated himself by her answer. "Yes, of course. Another time." He looked down at his menu, then his eyes slowly crept up Tracy's body, as if taking a panoramic snapshot. Tracy let it happen of course. After all, he was probably going to be her biggest tipper of the night, but it still felt demeaning.

She expected him to stop at her tits, but he kept going, and they locked eyes. Suddenly, Tracy felt a blinding flash from behind her eyes, and nearly lost her balance. She closed her eyes until the sensation went away, and opened them again when she heard the rich man's voice.

"Are you okay?" he asked, the real concern back in his voice.

"Yeah, just a little headache," she said, unsure of what had just happened.

"Well, you make sure to take care of yourself, and think over my offer," he said. His date returned from the bathroom, and the rest of the night went pretty smoothly. The way the young bimbo looked at him, she could tell that she was going to sleep with him that night. Knowing him, he'd probably be dumping her in the morning. Tracy left a little after Mr. Hayes did, feeling too sleepy to close down the restaurant for the night due to the pain medication she had taken, and went straight back home and went to bed.

Her dreams started fitfully, making no real sense. She remembered flying through space, a bunch of plus signs coming out of nowhere, some swirls of light, and then:

All of a sudden her dream became crystal clear. She was in a room, and the lights were dim. She looked down but only saw floor. I guess I'm just a disembodied set of eyes, she thought to herself. She looked around and saw a king-sized bed. Focusing closer on the bed, she saw the Mr. Hayes on it, naked. His details were fuzzier than the rest of the dream world, but she could still see his six-pack abs and huge pectorals.

A woman sauntered out of the bathroom, dressed in black lingerie. Tracy looked closer and saw that the girl was her! Well, maybe not quite, but at least a close representation of her. Her hair was much darker, and her stare was much more intense than anything she could pull off. Other than that, it was her face and body. She came out and walked right to the foot of the bed. His eyes were fixated on her, and other than the bed, the rest of the room lost focus and sort of faded away. Tracy watched with fascination as "she" looked at him up and down.

"You disgust me," she said, her voice deeper and huskier than Tracy's was in real life.

"But I just want to please you," he said.

"You'll never please me," she replied.

"But..."

"Get back down," she barked at him, and suddenly a pair of wraps materialized and tied his hands to the head of the bed.

He seemed to lie there, paralyzed, as she crawled up on the foot of the bed. She moved her way up slowly, maintaining eye contact the entire time. He was visually getting anxious, shifting back and forth a little as she slowly made her way up to his cock. All of a sudden Mr. Hayes' body came into focus, and his c**k was rock hard. "Tracy" grabbed it, and held it. She seemed to squeeze it, and for a moment Tracy thought she might break it in half. Instead, with eyes still locked on Mr. Hayes' eyes, she asked him a question.

"What do you want?" The question seemed to echo in a thousand different voices, as if a thousand different girls had asked him the question before. Complete silence for a moment as the two of them continued to lock eyes.

Mr. Hayes answer came in the same form. A thousand different quiet voices, all his own this time, came back with answers like "Let me do it," and "I'll take it from here," and "If you want something done right..." But as these answers rang out, a single voice, sharper, clearer, rang out. It was pleading, hopeful with some statements but full of despair in others. "Please, do this," and "I need your help with this," and "I'm counting on you." Eventually, the voice began repeating the same phrase over and over.

"I want you to take control."

"Tracy" started to move on top of him, while still holding his c**k in her hand. The panties of her lingerie seemed to dissolve, while the rest of her lingerie stayed on. It was hard to make out details, but it was clear that she was very close to lowering herself onto him.

"You want me to take control?" she asked. He nodded furiously. "You want this?" she asked. He nodded again. She pounced on his chest, so quickly in the dream that it shocked Tracy, and yelled at him loudly, "I'm sorry, did you say you want this?"

"Yes, ma'am," he said with no hesitation.

"Say what you want. Tell me what you want me to control," she demanded.

"I want you to take control...of me."

"Good..." she said, and then moved back down towards his cock. "Maybe you deserve just a taste..." She lowered her pu**y down to his cock.

"Tracy!" he moaned...

***

Tracy awoke with a start. She didn't know how, but she knew she had just experienced a connection with Mr. Hayes. It was incredible. She knew it had something to do with the blinding flash she had experienced this evening, but beyond that she had no idea. She had never had even the slightest desire to dominate a man like that, but the idea made her so hot that she knew she just had to break out her vibrator...

She spent the weekend trying to decide what to do with this new information. She felt in her heart that the dream was a thought she had shared with Mr. Hayes, a real thing that he wished for. She knew now exactly what he wanted, but she was torn on what to do next. Should she compromise her ideals and sleep with Mr. Hayes in order to get ahead in life?

She technically served people what they wanted all the time in a restaurant, so what was the difference between that and serving a rich man what he wanted sexually. Her pride was in the way, she knew. More than that, she had doubts. What if her head injury caused her to have this vivid dream and the feeling she got was just a hallucination? What if this was a real psychic link, but the real Mr. Hayes wouldn't give up control? Plenty of people had fantasies that they had no intention of ever carrying out, and this might be one of them.

No, she decided, he came in with a different girl every week because he wanted one of those girls to take initiative, to control him. Would she let that girl be her?

She came into work on Monday and picked up several hours of overtime, and came home exhausted. Tuesday morning's mail brought her medical bills, and she quickly did the math to see how many hours of overtime that it would take to pay them back. She decided then and there that her pride wasn't worth that many hours.

***

Friday came, and Tracy was so nervous. Today was the first day that she was hopeful for the future. She was also a little ashamed that it had come to this, but this had to be done. She put on a light brushing of make-up and a spray of perfume, something she hardly did for work, but tonight was a special occasion. She arrived early, and made sure not to get any stains on her uniform. She would need it all the help she could get, and a lack of confidence caused by a ketchup spot would ruin this whole plan.

Sure enough, at about the same time as usual, Mr. Hayes showed up. This time he had a buxom blonde with him, wearing a dress that showed off all that she had to offer. He was wearing his usual suit, and he smiled when he saw Tracy. Tracy smiled at the two of them and showed the two of them to their table. Mr. Hayes started to look over the wine list while his bimbo went to the bathroom.

"So," he said without looking up from the wine menu. "Have you thought over my offer?" It was clear from his body language that he expected another refusal.

"Yes, I have," she said. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Here goes nothing. "If you want me, you'll get up and walk out of here right now with me."

He looked up at her, puzzled, then looked back down at the menu. "That's pretty funny, sweetheart. If you didn't notice, I brought a date with me. But, if you're interested, maybe the three of us..."

She cut him off right there. "If you want me, ever, you'll leave this woman at the restaurant and walk out the door with me. This is a one-time offer."

For a moment he seemed taken aback. He was clearly not used to being talked to this way, and she could tell that he almost came back with an angry response. But then, he took a look down her body, nodded his head and stood up. As they walked quickly to the exit, he put his strong hand on her back, guiding her past the line of people at the door. The sensation sent a tingle down her spine, and she knew that this was going to be a great experience after all.

Luckily, thought Tracy as they stepped into the warm summer evening, the only employee who saw them leave was the doorman. When the bimbo came back from the bathroom, and when her manager found out she had walked out on a Friday, there would be hell to pay. This was going to be worth it, though.

When they got to the car, Mr. Hayes opened the back door to his black sedan. Tracy peered inside and saw no driver in the car. He thinks he's just going to f**k me in his car, then go back to his date, she thought. She managed to not lose her temper, but instead said, "Wait until we get home." He smiled wide and closed the back door, and opened the front door for her. She got in, and he got in the driver's seat.

"I would have thought a guy like you would have had a chauffeur," she said.

"No, I prefer driving myself. I like to drive and hate to be the passenger," he said. It told her all she needed to know. He had to be in control because no one else would do it right. The dream was a psychic link, of that there could be almost no doubt.

As they pulled out of the parking lot, he put his hand on her knee. Again, it almost sent an electric shock through her body, his powerful hand beginning to massage her leg. He wasn't going to get much of a feel through the pants of her waitress outfit, she thought, but she ought to set the record straight right away.

"Mr. Hayes..." she started.

"Please, call me Paul."

"Mr. Hayes," she said again. "I know what it is you want."

"I think we both have a pretty good idea of what, or who, I want," he said.

The way he said it gave her pause. I could f**k him, just for my own enjoyment. She quickly shook that thought away. She was a woman on a mission, and no sweet talker could dissuade her from her mission.

"I know what it is you want," she repeated. "But what's more important is what I want."

"Is that right?" he asked, almost a little mockingly. "I think you want the same thing I want anyway."

"Maybe, or maybe not. I guess we'll have to see when we get to your house," she teased. Keep your libido under control, girl, you've got to pull this off.

***

When she first saw his mansion, she almost whistled. It was at least twice as big as she would have guessed, and was located directly on the beach. It had to be a ten million dollar house, she thought. He parked the car in the garage, and the two of them went in the door. The butler was waiting for him there. So, I guess he does have some people that do things for him, she thought. He didn't seem too surprised to see Mr. Hayes with a different woman, but he probably saw a lot of that while working here. He said a quick hello and then the two of them went upstairs. The bedroom was at the end of a long hallway, and Tracy made sure to remember how to get back out the door.

When he opened the door to the bedroom, she once again had confirmation. It was, more or less, the same bedroom as in the dream. The bed was the same too, big and with a giant brass headboard. Once inside the bedroom, Mr. Hayes turned to Tracy. She knew she had to give him something, so she let him take her in his arms. He kissed her, and she kissed back, hungrily, feeling the lust within her grow.

Both the devil on one shoulder and the angel on the other shoulder were giving her mixed signals, at times telling her to give in, at others telling her to flee with her dignity intact. Finally, her brain overrode her loins, and she pulled away from him. She stepped away from him, and he looked her up and down.

"Get on the bed and take off your clothes, I have a little show for you," she said.

"I've got a better idea," he started as he walked towards her, and put his hands back around her waist. "I've got a bottle of wine just waiting to be uncorked. Why don't we..."

She cut him off. "Mr. Hayes, remember what I said. It's more important for me to get what I want. Get on the bed. You'll enjoy the show, I promise."

He looked the same as he had in the restaurant, like he had never had a woman resist his advances for even a moment. But, again, he smiled wryly and backed away. He took off his suit coat and his tie, kicked his shoes off, and laid on the bed.

Tracy went to a nearby closet and quickly found what she was looking for - two black ties. She moved over to the bed, and smiled at him. "Put your hands up," she said.

"Oh, some kinky stuff. I can get into that," he said, with a slight amount of discomfort in his voice. He was clearly unsure of where this was going, but was not used to giving up his control. Tracy had looked up a lot of different knots this week, and she knew the best one to keep him completely fastened to the bed without cutting off circulation to his hands.

When she had finished she smiled and got back up. She slipped her shoes off and turned around. She slowly walked away from him, unbuttoning the dress shirt to her waitress outfit. Underneath it was the black lingerie she had carefully put on underneath, and she wanted to make sure it was still completely straight before she turned around for him to see it. It looked good, so she took the shirt off, turning around.

His eyes widened, and he smiled, as she undid her pants. She slowly worked them down, showing her black thong, garter belt, and stockings that had been hiding underneath. This set of underwear had maxed out her last credit card with any money left on it, but by this point she was sure she had made the right choice. Her body filled out the lingerie in all the right ways, and she was sure she looked better in it than that skinny bimbo would have.

She smiled, and did a little turn. "Do you like what you see?" she asked.

"Yeah! Come on over here and I'll show you," he said.

She smiled, and she knew it'd be her last smile for a few minutes. Again, she took a deep breath, then breathed it out, knowing there was no going back after this. "Really? Because I don't like what I see."

He frowned. "Oh come on, you look great! I hate it when hot girls demean themselves."

She laughed, a fake laugh. "Oh, not me! I look great! I was talking about you. I don't like what I see in you."

His smile vanished. "What?"

"Right now, I'm looking at something that disgusts me."

He looked shocked, and began to struggle against his bonds. "Hey, if this your idea of foreplay, then you're pretty weird."

She ignored him. "What I see is a helpless billionaire, tied to a bed, not in control at all. Just like he's a helpless billionaire, tied to a company, not in control at all."

He struggled more. "Look, I think we've had a misunderstanding. Untie me and I'll take you back home. We'll forget this ever happened."

She felt like she might be losing control of the situation. She got to the foot of the bed, and touched his foot lightly. He relaxed a little bit.

"I think I know what you want, but I want to hear it from you," she said.

He looked flabbergasted. "What do you think I want? Why do you think I brought you to my bedroom?"

She got up on the bed, moving her hands up his legs. "What do you want?" she asked again.

He blinked. "I want to f**k you, Tracy." He started to sound a little frantic.

She frowned and grabbed his legs hard. "You want to please me?"

He smiled, thinking that he finally caught on to the game. "Yes!" he said, sighing as he did so. He was starting to get worked up, unsure if he was about to be robbed, murdered, or have fantastic sex. "Yes, Tracy, I just want to please you."

"Really? Because, I don't think you can please me," she said.

He got real quiet. Something inside of him, maybe deja vu, had stirred. He remembered the dream, she could tell. Suddenly the bulge in his pants grew in size, turned on by this woman in charge of him.

"That's right. I've known what you want all along," she said, and reached up to unzip his pants. He moaned a little as his c**k sprang free from his pants. His member was long and thick, and I'm sure he was used to giving women the ride of their lives with it. It explained quite a bit of his confidence, Tracy thought. She began to get wet just thinking about lowering herself onto that beautiful cock, but she forced herself to snap out of it.

"What do you want?" she asked again.

This time he seemed to get the hint. "I want to please you," he said.

"You'll never please me," she said, surprised that she had managed to get that line out as confidently as she had. She grabbed onto his cock, holding it like she had in the dream. She didn't squeeze quite as hard as the dream Tracy had, but she was firm. He began to thrust into her hand, but she didn't do anything resembling a hand job to him.

"What do you want?" she asked once more.

"Oh God Tracy, I want to f**k you. I want to please you. I'll do anything. Tell me what it is and I'll do it. Just let me do it."

She let go of his dick, and climbed on top of him, straddling him. His c**k thrust in the air, questing, trying to get to her still clothed pu**y. Occasionally it would brush against her panties, and she wanted to gasp, but she knew she had to remain in control. With her hands on his chest, she said, "That's not what you want. I know what you want, and it's not for you to take over from here." She paused for effect, then,

"What do you want?"

"I want you to take control," he said, shifting back and forth. His dick felt ready to explode from how hard it was behind her pu**y and ass.

"You want me to take control of...what?" she said, leading him to what she wanted him to say.

"I want you to take control of me!" he yelled.

"Good," she said, her pu**y leaning up against his cock. Only that last little bit of fabric was stopping him. She could have sex with him now, get plowed for her own release, and it might still fit with her plan. No...

She got up. He writhed on the bed, half in ecstasy, half in agony. She walked over to where she had taken off her waitress pants and pulled a paper out of the pocket.

"You said the other day that you could help me with my medical bills," she said, completely business-like.

He looked shocked, "You want to talk about this now!? Trust me, we can take care of this later."

She ignored him. "You mentioned some friends with the Chamber of Commerce and other doctor friends. I don't care how you take care of this, but you're going to take care of it."

He smiled. "Yes, yes, the bill will be paid. If that's what you want, if that's your price, you've got it. Money is no object. Now, can you come back into bed."

She continued, "When this is taken care of, you'll come to the restaurant again. Then..." she ran her fingers through her hair, like she was getting turned on. "Well, then you'll see how I treat people who begin to please me."

He was in shock. "I'll call them right now, just untie me. Please!"

"One last thing," she said. "If you ever..." she paused again, and took a deep breath in. "EVER... want some of this, you won't make me ask twice." She set the paper down on the foot of the bed, and walked back to her clothes.

"What are you doing? Untie me! Please!" he cried out. She ignored him, putting her pants on, then her shirt. All the time, he cried out and thrashed against his bonds. "Please! I want you to take control of me! I'll give you anything you want! I'll give you the cash right now for that medical bill." That last one was tempting, but she felt like he could still f**k her, physically and monetarily, if she gave him what he wanted right now.

When she was finished dressing, she walked back up to the foot of the bed. Her eyes fixated on his dick, she touched her pu**y through her dress pants. "I am so wet just thinking about how our next encounter is going to go, and how you're going to please me." Her eyes wandered up to his chest, to his face, and their eyes locked. As had happened last week, a blinding light seemed to come from behind her eyes, and she once again was dizzy. This time, she managed to turn the wince into what looked like a pleasurable hiss. She knew she'd be sharing his dreams again tonight.

She again turned and walked away from him, and out the door. "I'll let the butler know about you on my way out." She heard his yells all the way down the hall, and down into the living room. The butler was awake, reading a newspaper. He was obviously used to having to drive women home after their late-night trysts with the master of the house, and she smiled and asked him for a ride. She had him drop her off at a friend's house that didn't live anywhere near her, in case he decided to track her down.

A couple of blocks away from the end of the trip, she started to tell the butler about how Mr. Hayes was still tied up on the bed. He laughed and thanked her for telling him, and said he'd take care of it. Tracy's friend was glad to take her in for the evening. As Tracy settled into the couch, she reflected on the evening. She was exhausted, but she knew that she was going to have at least one good dream...

***

Again, her dreams were full of sex, much more explicit this time, though far more varied. It would start with a fantasy, perhaps the two of them on the beach, or on a ship. She'd be feeling his chest, enjoying the muscles of his abs, and then another dream would snap into focus. It was always clear when her dreams ended and his began. He had several dreams about her, and they were all much more wild, more animal than they were the other night.

She would start out in charge, keeping him on edge while he was tied up, but he would always get free. Then, he would take over completely, dominating her. She hesitated to call it her own rape, since it was clear she was enjoying it, but she resisted every time. Tracy woke up after every one of them, moaning and writhing, wet as she had ever been. She masturbated a couple times that evening, quietly to avoid waking her friend, but every time she fell back asleep, there was Mr. Hayes, f**king her brains out once again.

***

She woke up around noon. She was exhausted, but she knew there were things to be done. Her friend offered to be her taxi after hearing her story, other than the dream parts. She went into work and apologized to her manager, but claimed that Mr. Hayes had insisted she leave with him and that she felt that it was best for the restaurant if she went with him. The manager said he understood, but that she wouldn't get credit for the hour she had worked prior to that. He also said that he gave away her shift that evening since he had no idea if she had quit or not. She could start up again Sunday night.

No worries, she thought, with any luck I won't be here long enough to care. As she left the restaurant in her friend's car, she noticed a black sedan pull out behind them. She couldn't be sure, but she figured that there was no real point in trying to hide from a billionaire anyway. There was no chance he was in the car himself, he had a business to run. He probably had hired goons that did a lot of clandestine stuff for him, so tailing her would be a piece of cake. She had her friend drive her back to her place.

About four blocks away from her apartment, the car made a turn that would bring it back to the highway. Maybe she was wrong, she thought. The thought quickly passed when she got home and saw a similar sedan parked directly across the street from her apartment complex. She sighed, knowing that it'd be a life without privacy until she gave Mr. Hayes what he wanted.

When she got home, she carefully inspected the door. It looked like it hadn't been tampered with, but she decided that she would be careful in this place for the foreseeable future. She felt like it was on the one hand impossible for him to try anything considering how much in the public eye he was in, but on the other hand, with as much money as he had, anything was possible.

She looked over towards her computer. Who knew what he was capable of? Her passwords were all really good but what if he had installed something on her computer? She decided she didn't really want to stick around here all that much anyway, so she went down to the local library. The black sedan didn't follow, but she had no idea what she'd be looking for if she were being followed on foot.

When Tracy got to the library, she quickly checked her email. Nothing suspicious, no "your password has been reset" emails from the various websites she was a part of, no emails that were marked "read" that should have been marked "unread". She breathed a sigh of relief. She may have had to call this whole thing off if he had proved too obsessive.

While she was at the library, she figured she ought to read up on exactly what she was doing. As she started to read into domination and submission culture, she realized something. In almost all cases throughout history, the rich man was dominated by a woman who he was paying and could cut off at any time, truly giving him all the power even though the illusion was there that the dominatrix was in charge. Tracy was in unexplored territory, a stranger in a strange land. The more she read, the more she thought she was stumbling around in the dark, and that her success up to this point had been a fluke, even with her new power to enter Mr. Hayes' dreams.

She stayed until late at the library, reading one book after another and trying to figure out what her next move would be. If someone was following her, she thought, they'd be bored out of their mind by now. Suddenly, a thought flashed through her head. They'd also know that she was doing research on how to dominate their boss. She took a quick look around, and then quickly put the book back on the shelf.

She knew she couldn't check out any book on the subject, but maybe she'd come back again tomorrow. The walk home in the dark was a little stressful, and she felt her most vulnerable, but she made it home just fine. She checked her apartment one last time for tampering, finding none, and drifted off to sleep.

***

The dreams that evening were much gentler, much more filled with a desire to please. In each of them, Tracy saw herself on a different type of date. In every one of them, he did things for her that you'd never find on a regular date. While on a picnic, a helicopter dropped off her favorite flowers from a distant country.

In another dream, Mr. Hayes rented out a theater to show her favorite movie for just the two of them. In each of the dreams, "Tracy" went from being ice cold to being very warm, smiling, and open to his advances. It was clear that she was always pleased by whatever he had done, but whatever he did was always possible because of his money. Tracy knew exactly what to do to keep this game going a little longer.

***

When she woke up the next morning, Tracy immediately took out her vibrator. She would need her mind clear during this evening's events, so she needed to get all of her sexual tension out right away. As she switched it on, she thought of Mr. Hayes' bulging biceps wrapped around her, his massive c**k filling her completely. Orgasms came quickly and easily for her today, and afterwords she found herself completely energized and ready to tackle the day.

She called the number on her hospital bill to check on the total. It came as no surprise when she was told that her remaining balance was zero, and that the hospital appreciated her business. Her mind turned to this evening. If she played her cards right, she'd be one step closer to not having to worry about any of her bills.

She arrived right on time for her shift, and began to seat customers. It was a Sunday night, so she'd expect it to be pretty slow usually, but today it seemed a little bit more busy than usual. She got into the swing of things, but in the back of her mind she kept looking out for Mr. Hayes to walk in through the door. Sure enough, about eight, he arrived. There was no girl on his arm tonight. Tracy smiled as he caught her eye, and greeted him warmly. "Hello, Mr. Hayes! May I interest you in your usual seat?"

He looked confused for a moment, but then, Tracy guessed that he decided to play along. "Yes of course. I'll take a wine menu as well." She grabbed a food and wine menu and led him to his table.

After he sat down at his usual booth, he smiled at Tracy. "I don't know if you've checked with the hospital yet, but I've taken care of everything." He was obviously quite pleased with himself.

Tracy smiled back. "I did, actually. It pleases me deeply to be taken care of like that." Her extra emphasis on the word pleases got an obvious rise out of Mr. Hayes. He began to look her up and down, probably imagining what she'd look like with that set of lingerie on again. She had not worn it again today, and was glad, because she had a long shift left ahead of her. She recomposed herself as a waitress.

"Our soup of the day is lobster bisque, and if you'd like I can have the sommelier bring you out your usual bottle of wine." He looked a little crestfallen, and she didn't want him leaving, so she sat down next to him. He instantly slid a hand into her lap underneath the table, and she leaned into him. "You've pleased me greatly, but much like you, I have to put business before pleasure..." Before he could respond, she stood back up. "So do you have a soup order?"

He smiled. "You know, lobster bisque sounds great. Tell Jim I won't be needing the wine tonight, because I won't be drinking. After all, I have to drive back to my place tonight..." He let the sentence hang, but she knew that he intended for her to be riding back with him.

The night went as usual, with customers coming and going, and Tracy serving each of them the best she could. Every time she passed Mr. Hayes, though, she had a touch on the shoulder, or a wink as she asked, "Is there anything else I can get you tonight?" He continued to act like his normal flirtatious self, pushing the boundaries, but never quite crossing the line.

As the number of patrons in the restaurant started to dwindle, he began to look more and more impatient, like he wished he had ordered that bottle of wine. He attended to some business on his cell phone, but was constantly looking around for where Tracy was at, and never missed when she walked by.

At ten, he settled his bill. Tracy smiled, and when she returned with his card, she brought two wash cloths. He looked up at her quizzically. "The sooner you and I clean all these tables, the sooner you and I can get out of here."

He sat there with his mouth agape. "I could get a dozen men to clean this place from top to bottom, and you and I could take off right now." He pulled out his cell phone and began to thumb through his contacts.

Tracy took his cell phone from him and closed it. "A dozen men cleaning this place wouldn't please me, and I know you want to please me..."

Mr. Hayes looked at her, then said very coldly, "I don't have time for this. I should have left two hours ago." He began to put on his coat.

Tracy might have panicked a little bit, but she knew she could reel him back in. "You're so close too. But, if you walk out that door, you'll never get the chance to please me again." She sashayed away from him, and bent over to wipe down one of the tables. Her ass stuck out at him, swaying a little as she hummed. He reluctantly picked up the wash cloth and began to wipe down his own table.

Soon, he seemed to get into it, and the other waiters and waitresses enjoyed the help. The question was obviously on all their minds, "Why is this rich guy helping us clean?" but they let it happen. Mr. Hayes stared at Tracy almost the whole time, clearly just doing this to win her favor. When all the tables were washed down, he eagerly grabbed a mop and mopped up the floor, splashing the dirty water on his shoes that probably cost more than she made in a week. It was something of a spectacle, but she was convinced she had him where she wanted him.

When they had finished, he made like he was going to leave, and that he expected Tracy to come too. Tracy yelled at her manager, "I'll lock up tonight, leave the keys on the bar!"

"Alright Tracy, see you tomorrow!"

When he left, it was the just the two of them, the billionaire waiter and blue collar waitress, left in the restaurant together. She smiled at him. "Take off your coat, I don't think that we're done cleaning yet."

He took off his coat and threw it on a chair, then walked toward her. "How did I do tonight?" he asked, obviously a little nervous.

She smiled. She did have him just where she wanted him. "I'll put it this way. No man has ever pleased me the way you have tonight."

She could see him start to get hard. "Like you said the other night, once you've been pleased...," he smiled at her, a wolfish grin. "...then I can be pleased."

"Mmm, that's not quite what I said," she objected. "I said that it was more important that I got what I wanted, and that I didn't think that you could please me. You, Mr. Hayes, have started to please me, and I am pleasantly surprised."

He came in, right next to her, and moved in for a kiss. She let him take it, kissing him back for a few moments, before pushing him away. "Let's get one thing straight, Mr. Hayes. I am not one of your bimbos that you can use up and throw away. If you think you've got an easy lay coming your way, you are mistaken."

Again, he looked a little crestfallen, but she could see the way it turned him on. She decided to go with it. She unbuttoned a couple buttons from her blouse, and he eagerly looked at her black bra.

"We are going to have some fun tonight, but on my terms. If you start to get out of line, I am going to reel you back in. If you get way out of control, then this is over and you'll never touch me again. If you keep going from there..."

She gestured around. "There are several cameras in this restaurant, and I know where each of them are. In addition, I've installed one of my own, and it's been running all night, streaming to a friend of mine's computer. It's shown you watching me all night, touching me, and helping me clean up. It'll also pick up whatever you do here tonight."

He went pale, leaning back against the table. "It's encrypted, so he won't be able to watch it or copy it. If you do things to me that I don't want, I'll release the file and the password to the media. However, if you manage to continue to please me tonight, then the file and the hard drive it's been printed on will be yours."

He still looked stunned. "Why are you doing all this?" he asked.

She looked him dead in the eye. "You're a very dangerous man, Mr. Hayes. Not only are you physically able to assault me, but you're able to buy your way out of most trouble. So far, you've been willing to please me, but, like most men..." she paused for effect. "...You could change your mind."

She walked toward him, put her hand on his chest, and kissed him. It was the first kiss that she had given him without prompting, and he seemed like he was instantly back in the mood. They kissed for a few moments more, and she pulled away and whispered in his ear. "Forget about the cameras for now. You've begun to please me, and I can see things going your way for the rest of the night." He began to unbutton the buttons on her blouse, and she dug her nails into his back. When her shirt opened, he ran his fingers past her sides to her back, instantly going for her bra strap. She pushed him away.

"I would have thought you knew that this wasn't going to go quite the normal way for you," she said as she walked away from him. He started to protest, but she just went behind the bar and grabbed a bottle. She quickly pulled her shoes and pants off, and the rest of her blouse, so she was just wearing a black bra and black thong.

"Stealing alcohol from the restaurant, now? And with all the cameras you pointed out. Tsk tsk. I think I could get you in serious trouble."

"Oh I wouldn't worry about it, Mr. Hayes. You bought it when I swiped your card for dinner tonight."

He fished in his pocket for his receipt, and smiled. "I guess I should start looking at these more closely. Who knows how much you've stolen from me over the years."

"There's a first for everything, Mr. Hayes. Tonight, I hope we'll both have a couple of firsts." She took a swig from the bottle, and handed it to Mr. Hayes. "To a first time for everything."

He smiled. "To a first time for everything," he said, and took a deep drink. When he set the bottle down, Tracy was already next to him, moving in for another kiss. Their kiss, spiked by champagne, was even sweeter than the first, and soon Tracy found herself unbuttoning his dress shirt as well.

She was surprised at how much this domination stuff was coming naturally to her. When he moved to take off her bra, she stopped him, her voice gruff with control. "I'll be taking off the clothes. On both of us." His hands moved away from her bra in a hurry, not wanting to mess this up for himself.

She stepped back and turned around. Her tits were bulging against the fabric of her bra, and when she reached back and unfastened the snaps of her bra, it fell off her shoulders immediately. She walked over to the bottle of champagne and grabbed it.

When she turned and faced Mr. Hayes, his eyes practically bulged out of his head. "Sit down and put your hands behind your back, Mr. Hayes," she said. He did as he was told, sitting on the nearest table, and she walked toward him and straddled his leg. "Since you helped me clean up this restaurant, I also want you to help me clean up my body." She poured a little champagne on her tits, the chilled liquid sending shivers up her spine. Some got on his chest and his expensive dress pants, but he didn't seem to mind, as he instantly went in to lick her tits.

He sloppily moved his tongue from one nipple to the other, lapping the alcoholic drink from her body. She poured a little more on herself, then set down the champagne bottle. She shoved her tits together, pushing them up into Mr. Hayes' face.

"Do you like the way they taste?" He nodded, his face buried in her cle**age. "Do you like the way I taste?" she asked, and again he nodded furiously. He moved his hands from behind his back to her sides, but it was not an attempt to gain control. Rather, he was just trying to steady himself, and his hands felt so good against her skin. She let him keep his hands there, and moved her own hands to behind his head. She pulled him in, smothering him with her boobs. When she moved her hands in, it pushed her tits up even more into his face. His five o'clock shadow prickled against her exposed skin.

When she finally pulled him away, he was gasping for air, but obviously enjoying the hell out of himself. She immediately pushed him back in to her tits, and his tongue instantly went back to work, and his mouth struggling to get to her ni**les. She smiled as she looked down, looking into his eyes, which were expectantly looking up at her. She pulled away a little, grabbing the champagne bottle again. She took a drink, then looked at him.

"Stick your tongue out," she said. He smiled and did so where he sat, and she shook her head with a smile. She moved toward him, and put her nipple near his mouth. He got the idea, and moved his face the rest of the way, his tongue lightly against her nipple. When she poured, he moved in closer, lapping it up like a dog. She knew she'd have another mess to clean up when they were done, the table and floor were getting soaked! She put the bottle back down, then pulled his head up for a kiss. He kissed at her hungrily, his fingers digging into her a little as she pushed down into him, tasting the champagne he had cleaned off of her.

She pulled away again. "Stay there," she commanded, and she meant it. She backed up slowly, and put her thumbs under the straps of her thong. His eyes bulged as she slowly pulled down her underwear, exposing her dripping mound. She had done a little landscaping today, trimming herself into a nice landing strip, which Mr. Hayes' eyes were now fixated on. When the underwear was off, she did a little turn for him, giving him a good look at her na**d backside.

"Wow," he whispered, finally getting a look at her ass, which had filled out nicely over the past few years. She turned back towards him, letting her hair fall down her back, and gave him the "Come hither," finger beckon.

"Bring the champagne," she said as she walked away. She turned around, jumping up on the bar backwards, her bare ass on the counter. Another thing I'll have to clean, she thought, as she crossed her legs and watched as he got closer. When he got to the bar, he put the champagne bottle down and came in for another kiss.

She leaned down and kissed him for a few moments before pushing him away. She grabbed the champagne bottle, taking another drink. Her legs opened up, and his eyes again fixated on her sweet sex. She thought about what he would feel like inside her, and she wanted it so bad, but she had to stick with her plan.

"Put your hands behind your back again, and try to please me with your tongue," she said. He smiled once more, and moved to between her legs. She put one leg on each of his shoulder's as he began to taste her legs. He kissed his way up one foot, building the anticipation as he went. Every kiss was like a jolt of electricity down her spine. He was really good at this, she thought. When he got to her dripping snatch, he began to move down the other leg.

Oh no, she thought, and she grabbed his head, putting it right where she wanted it. He moaned, and began to lick her pu**y. Her legs clenched a little, holding his head in place. She grabbed the bottle of champagne, and poured it near her belly button, letting it flow down to her pulsating clit. He eagerly licked it up, running his tongue up and down her labia, licking it all up. Soon she leaned back, enjoying the sensation of his tongue.

Again he put his hands on her, bracing himself by wrapping his muscular arms around her legs, his hands resting on top of her legs. She felt the heat within her rising, and she began to moan herself. She let go of his head, and he continued to tease at her clit. She tensed, and relaxed, and tensed, and finally she released all her tension. When she came, she clenched his head tightly between her legs, and still he managed to soldier on. It was a short, intense orgasm, and it left her gasping for air.

When she finally relaxed her legs, he, too, was gasping for air. He pulled away a little, and grinned up at her. She smiled at him gently, then put her hands on the back of his head again. "You're not done yet, Mr. Hayes," she said, as she jerked him back into her muff. He eagerly went back to work, this time rougher.

She again released his head, and this time he moved his hand to her clit, flicking it back and forth. She figured he'd earned a little break, and she leaned back and enjoyed it. She began to whimper, as again she felt herself about to cum. The release this time was a slow burn, as she squeaked and tensed her legs again, feeling his fingers furiously rubbing her clit. She didn't know how long she lay there, enjoying the feeling.

When she recovered, pushed him away and stood up next to him. "I think you deserve a little reward," she said, feeling his huge member straining against the fabric of his dress pants. He smiled, and began to grind against her. She tasted her own sweet cum in his mouth, and it turned her on that much more. Once again, she had to calm her raging libido to keep from surrendering to his advances.

"Get up on the bar," she demanded after breaking from a kiss. He did as he was told, hopping up in the puddle of champagne that was already there. She instantly went for his zipper, pulling it down and pulling his c**k out. Again, she was surprised at how big it was. He groaned with pleasure as she began to stroke his cock, looking up at his eyes. Suddenly, she grabbed the bottle of champagne.

"You know, I'm feeling a little thirsty," she said, as she poured a little of it on his dick. He gasped, same as she had gasped, at the sensation of the still cold liquid. She immediately took his c**k in her mouth, sucking all the champagne off, while he smiled and moaned softly. She moved up and down, savoring the feeling of this massive c**k in her mouth. He moved his hands to the back of her head, trying to push her down, and she threw his hands off. She stood up.

"Oh no, Mr. Hayes. Put your hands back behind your back," she ordered. He did as he was told. "Hmm... Since you can't be trusted not to f**k my face, what else can you f**k?"

"I've got an idea," he said, a grin on his face.

"I'm sure you do, but I'm sure that you should not be rewarded for this," she said. She seemed to think for a moment, then commanded, "Lean back."

He leaned back, those muscular abs having no trouble holding himself steady as he braced himself with his elbows. She moved in, putting his rod, now wet with her saliva, between her tits. She moved her arms together again, and they made a pleasing tunnel for him. She moved them up and down, stroking his cock, making a fantastic image for him. When his c**k began to get dry, she poured the rest of the champagne in the bottle on her tits, making them slick with alcohol and sweat. His hands gripped the edge of the bar, and his face began to contort a little.

She moved faster, trying to get his release. In a few more moments, the friction from rubbing against her tits made him dry again. She moved her boobs out of the way, and gave the top of his c**k a sloppy kiss. He moaned again, saying "Don't stop..." She did stop, but her saliva made a great lube as she began to jerk him off. He bit his lip and held on tight, and within a few moments, great ropes of cum shot out of his cock.

It turned her on so much to know that she was causing his orgasm, that the mess that was now pooling around the base of his c**k was her doing. She jerked him off until he stopped gasping, until he collapsed backward from the intensity of it all.

She went to the sink and washed her hands, then grabbed three washcloths. With the first, she gently cleaned up his c**k and pants the best she could, while he looked on, a gentle smile on his face. When she was done, she threw the second washcloth on his chest.

"No time to rest, Mr. Hayes, we've got to clean up our mess." He laughed a little, but watched as she moved over to the table they had started on and bent over, cleaning the champagne up with her ass sticking in the air. He moved to clean the bar...

***

When all evidence of their encounter was gone, and they were both fully dressed, Mr. Hayes moved in for another kiss. Tracy let it come, and didn't pull away. They made out for a minute or so, before Mr. Hayes said, "So when can we do this again?"

Tracy smiled. She had been waiting for this moment. "You are so close, Mr. Hayes. So close to actually pleasing me." She walked away from him, and pulled out a stack of envelopes, each with papers in them, held together by a rubber band. She came in close to him.

"I'm going to tell you how this is going to go, and it's up to you to decide if you want to keep going or not, if you really want to please me. First, you're going to pay off all these credit card bills. It's a drop in the bucket for you, but it's the very last step you need to take before I'm ready to take this to the next level."

"Consider it done," he said, moving in for another kiss. She stopped him.

"When that's complete, and not a moment before, you're going to take me on a date. Not quite the same kind of date you take each of the sluts you usually get with. No, I want something classy. There's a restaurant I want to try downtown called The Pier. It's a seafood restaurant where they fly the fish in daily. They say you need to make reservations about three months in advance, so you might want to call them tomorrow."

He smiled. "Honey, if we get in the car, I'll have the restaurant opened back up and fully staffed before we get there."

She giggled. "As impressed as I know I'm supposed to be, I guess I'll put a minimum time on this as tomorrow afternoon."

He shrugged. "Suit yourself."

She continued and moved in, kissing him again. She moved to whisper in his ear. "After all that, and assuming you don't mess anything up, then, I'll be pleased. And if I'm pleased," she paused, sticking her tongue in his ear, "then I'll be sure to please you."

They locked eyes again, and once again Tracy felt the mysterious flash behind her eyes, and hugged Mr. Hayes to keep her balance. He gripped her tight, then went back to kissing her passionately. She pulled away again. "My ride is here. Too much booze to drive home tonight. I'll set the hard drive on the ground as we drive away, and you can pick it up without being seen."

He smiled. "I appreciate it. Can I have the password? I might want to watch this video again."

"Sure. The password is 'mypleasure'. It should be easy to remember, because it should be the most important thing to you right now. My phone number is also on the hard drive, so you'll know who to call."

He almost spoke, but instead said, "Thanks." As Tracy walked out, she knew that he was about to say something about already having her phone number. He was wise not to speak up. When she got in the car, she set the hard drive on the ground as promised, and her friend drove them away, her friend poking fun at how much champagne she must have drank to smell like she did.

***

After showering, she fell asleep almost immediately. Her dreams were once again filled with visions of dates with Mr. Hayes, only this time he was much more willing to be submissive. In one dream, he took her horseback riding, and afterwords ate her out under an apple tree, only to have her push him away. In another, he tied himself to the bed, before allowing her to tease him, and her walking out in disgust. The dreams were no longer about never being able to please her, but rather him doing everything in his power to please her, and it just falling short. She awoke, glad that she was about to let Mr. Hayes have his release.

Tracy had a free schedule in front of her for the next few days, so she spent most of the next morning reading and waiting for his phone call. She went to the mall and bought a dress and shoes that she normally would have felt like she didn't have the money for, but she figured her credit cards were about to be paid off, so she'd have something to fall back on soon. At about noon, her cell phone rang with an unlisted number. She let it go to voice mail, as she would have done anyway, but as soon as her phone beeped with a new message, she checked it.

"Hey Tracy. I took care of you the way you requested. I've also got reservations at eight at The Pier. I'll be waiting for your call."

The way he said "I'll be waiting" let her know, once again, that she had him where she wanted him. She called him back.

"Tracy!" he exclaimed, his excitement perceivable even over the phone.

"I'm glad you've done what I asked. If it all turns out okay, then I'll be arriving at your house at seven," she said, with authority in her voice.

"That sounds marvelous, I..."

"I also want you to be dressed to kill," she cut him off. "If I'm not impressed, I'll walk right out the door and we can try this again a different night."

"Tracy, I always dress to impress," he said.

"Good! I'll see you then!" She hung up before he had a chance to respond.

***

Tracy checked her computer when she got home. She figured that since Mr. Hayes was going to get what he wanted, her computer was probably okay to use now. Sure enough, every credit card bill was paid off. Her student loans remained, but the payments on those would be manageable with a clean credit slate. She looked at the clock and saw that it was three o'clock already. She had best not keep the billionaire waiting.

She got in the shower, and again was dizzy with happiness by the fact that her debt problems were over. She began to think of how much she had enjoyed this, and slowly, she began to move the shower head down. When the water hit her clit, her mouth opened in wordless pleasure.

She thought of Mr. Hayes, touching her, kissing her, his desire palpable. She had resisted him for so long, longer than she had thought possible, but she had done it. All her hard work had paid off, and tonight, she was in for the sexual experience of her lifetime. She came hard, legs buckling a little with the force of it...

At 7:04 she drove up to Mr. Hayes' house. It seemed almost silly to drive her beaten up car to such a nice mansion, but she knew she'd need a ride home in the morning, and didn't want to rely on Mr. Hayes if things went sour. She checked her makeup in the rear-view mirror quickly before walking up to the door. She wore black high heels, and knew that her feet would be sore by the end of the evening. It would be worth it, when she thought of how well they went with her dress.

It was a simple black dress, with an open back that she knew would drive Mr. Hayes wild. She had decided at the last minute not to wear a bra or panties, just in case an opportunity presented itself for her to tease him a little more. The butler showed her in, smile on his face as he remembered the last time she had entered this house. Still, even at his advanced age, he checked her out from head to toe. She knew she'd be getting a lot of this kind of attention tonight.

The butler showed her to Mr. Hayes' office. He was dressed in his tuxedo already, and was on what appeared to be a conference call. A British person was laying out some kind of proposal on the phone. When Tracy walked in, in her little black dress, Mr. Hayes looked her over. His eyes seemed to bulge and he smiled and shook his head. "You look better every time I see you, I don't know how you do it." She blushed, and he stared her over for a few more moments, ignoring the telephone, before hitting another button on his phone.

"Jack, I'm going to need you to take over from here," he barked.

"Yes, sir!" The man on the other end of the phone seemed too eager. "What should I do about the acquisition, sir?"

"I'm on the fence, but do your research and make a decision. That's what I f**king pay you for after all. Send me an email with all the relevant information, and don't wait until morning to do it," he snarled.

"Yes sir."

Mr. Hayes hung up the phone and looked at Tracy. "Sometimes I feel like it'd be better if I just cloned myself a few times to get this work done."

Tracy smiled. "I know what you feel like. Sometimes I feel like I should clone myself, but as a man, so I'd have a man who pleased me and a man that I could please."

At Tracy's use of the word "pleased", Mr. Hayes stiffened. He looked like he wanted to f**k her right then, but he managed to restrain himself. When he stood up, Tracy could see that he really was dressed to impress, with a designer black tuxedo, a long silk tie, cleanly shaven, the whole nine yards. Tracy smiled again when she thought of how tonight was going to go. Mr. Hayes showed Tracy to his car and off they went.

Dinner was beautiful, and the restaurant definitely lived up to its reputation. Mr. Hayes didn't try to order for her, and was a perfect gentleman to her the entire evening. She ordered the most expensive thing off the menu and a white wine that cost $300. He had simply smiled and ordered a bottle of red to match.

At times, she felt like he acted like a smitten young teenage boy, and others he acted like he had the confidence to do whatever he wanted. It was a very endearing trait, and she found herself liking him more and more, even seeing how he treated other people. He was never rude, but just less than polite, as if whomever he was speaking to was just a little slow in the head. He made sure that they knew he was superior, that he was in charge.

She could see why his fantasy was to have someone to take control. She watched the waitress and saw the same tired face she knew she must wear most nights and felt a surge of gratitude flood through her for this opportunity. It was strange being served instead of doing the serving. She had to stop herself from tidying the dishes and arranging the silverware.

"I'm sure if I asked they would give you a job," he remarked after she stacked the soup bowls and brushed the cracker crumbs from the tablecloth. She blushed and they had an animated conversation about the waitressing profession. When she tried to get him to talk about his work, he told her it was far too boring. Something in the tone of his voice made her drop it and change the subject.

They continued to talk for a while after dessert, an amazing raspberry scented flour-less chocolate cake with creme anglaise and raspberry coulis. It was the most delicious thing she had ever eaten. She felt like a princess. He had finished his dessert and was reaching for his wallet to pay the bill. She reached her hand out and stopped the motion.

"I am not done yet." She used the same voice he used with the waitress to show his superiority. He halted, and slowly returned his wallet to his pocket. She ordered a cappuccino and took her time, savoring the flavor and letting him wait for her to finish. The discussion shifted to multiple topics and when she was ready, continued out the door and on the ride home. She felt her dominating demeanor melting away, but she knew that she needed to still be in charge when they got back to his house.

When they returned home, he again opened her car door for her. By now, she was practically giddy with the thought of him f**king her, so when he leaned in for a kiss, she was eager and ready. They kissed passionately before he broke away and led her by the hand inside. They walked straight up to the bedroom, her heels slowing her down, making the wait a little longer than she thought she could stand. When they finally got in the room, his hands were on her in a flash. They kissed again, and then he broke away from her. "Have I pleased you?"

She knew this was an important question to him, so she backed away and pretended to think about it. "You have pleased me more than any other man ever has. I'm beginning to think your reputation as a competent businessman might cross over to a reputation as a gentleman."

He smiled and began to get closer. "BUT," she said with the sternest voice she could muster, and it stopped him in his tracks. "There's one more thing you have to do to please me."

"Anything Tracy. Please, just say the word and it'll be done. I want this so badly."

She came in close to him, and breathed in his ear. "Fuck me like I've never been f**ked before. Make me cum all over your dick, and cum inside me. That will please me."

With that, he placed his hands on her ass and lifted, his muscled arms carrying her to the bed. He pulled the jacket of his tuxedo off, and started to unbutton the shirt. He loosed his tie.

"Keep the tie on," Tracy commanded, and he smiled and did what he was told, keeping his dress shirt on but unbuttoned. He unbuttoned his pants too, but then decided he couldn't wait any longer and got on the bed. He covered Tracy, kissing her mouth, her chin, her neck, down to her shoulder. He pulled at her shoulder strap, sliding it down to her arm. She let go, surrendering herself to his desires.

She knew he wasn't being very careful with her dress, but she also knew that she could get him to buy her a hundred more. His animal lust was tearing through him, and she herself was no longer able to control her own desires. He slipped both of her arms out of her dress and pulled it down to reveal her br**sts. He devoured them, licking and biting at each nipple in turn, and she was getting incredibly wet. When she had had enough, she pulled on his tie, letting him know who was still in charge.

"Take off my shoes, and I'll let you kiss up my legs," she said, in command once again. She let go of the tie, and he moved to the edge of the bed. She hung her feet off the bed, and he gently removed the straps and took them off. He kissed her feet, sucking on each toe, before licking her legs all the way up.

He pulled her dress up past her hips, so that it was scrunched up around her belly. She spread her legs, and he instantly dove in for her sopping wet opening. He began his furious licking and she felt her orgasm rising within her almost immediately, the desire she had felt since last night building within her. She pinched her ni**les, and bit her lip, as a rush of pleasure passed through her.

Mr. Hayes moaned as she bucked her hips, thrashing with the intensity of the orgasm. His tongue moved like a snake's, in and out of his mouth, and the orgasm lasted long enough to make her sweat. She looked down at him, and his eyes were looking at her expectantly. She sat up, and pulled him in for a kiss. Same as last time, she tasted her own sweet cum, and it turned her on even more.

"Stand up," she demanded, and he was up in a flash. Tracy pulled his unbuttoned pants down, and immediately pulled down his boxers. He stepped out of his shoes and the pile of clothes around his ankles, while Tracy marveled at his c**k once again. She began to stroke it while it hardened, quickly growing to it's full length. She looked up at him as she licked the bottom of it, and he ran his fingers through her hair.

When she took him in her mouth, he moaned a little to himself. She sucked on him for a few moments, before pulling away and saying, "Get on the bed." He immediately sat, then lay down on the bed. Tracy positioned herself over him, so that they were in the 69 position. He eagerly went to town on her dripping vagina, and she followed suit, her tongue circling his shaft and caressing him with her mouth. Mr. Hayes hands were around Tracy's ass, and soon one of them had a thumb inside her slit, loosening her up gently. The pleasure was too much for Tracy to stand any longer. This is it, she thought to herself.

She got off of him and turned around, positioning herself over his cock. It brushed against her pu**y, and she almost let it enter, but waited. "Do you want this?" she asked. He nodded. She grabbed his tie, and again asked, as loudly as she could, "Do you want this?"

"Yes, oh god yes, Tracy. I've never wanted any thing more in my life," he whimpered.

Her mind flashed back to the first dream she had had of his. "Then I think you deserve at least a taste," she said, as she let him enter her. They both gasped together, and Mr. Hayes' hands were on her ass in a heartbeat. He felt so huge inside her, better than she had imagined. Every stroke out filled her with longing for more, and each thrust in fulfilled it and made the yearning inside deeper. He pounded into her cunt, and Tracy began to scream with pleasure.

He moved his hands up to her back, holding her against him as he thrust again and again. He was hitting the perfect spot, and she knew just how to make herself cum. She wrestled herself from his grasp, and thrust her tits into his face. He eagerly lapped at her ni**les, grabbing both tits and pushing them together.

She pulled on his tie, and he continued to plow her without mercy. Almost there, she thought. All of a sudden, he ran one of his hands up her back, his nails sending shivers up her spine. That's it, she thought, as she contracted on his cock, and a gush of fluid splashed onto his cock. She collapsed into him a little, as he plunged into her with renewed vigor. When she regained her senses, she kissed him again, and he returned the kiss.

She got up, no small feat after the mind-blowing orgasm she had just had. When she got to the edge of the bed, she grabbed Mr. Hayes' tie and dragged him along behind her bringing him to the nearest wall. When she put her hands on the wall and got on her tip-toes, Mr. Hayes crouched down a little, and his rod found the hole it was designed to go in. Tracy reached back and grabbed Mr. Hayes' tie, and pulled him in closer. He kissed her back while pushing her against the wall, and soon she was up against the wall completely, screaming as Mr. Hayes continued to push in and out of her.

When she felt like her legs could no longer support her, she pushed him to the bed. "Sit here," she commanded. He watched as she shook that ass in front of him, giving a dance that you'd normally have to go to a strip club to see. She backed up and put her hands on his knees, continuing to dance, her tight pu**y just inches from his wet cock.

She bent over a little, and felt his hands go to her ass. She slowly lowered herself onto him, giving him a great view of his dick penetrating her. She moved like she was in an exercise video, up and down, doing squats, filling herself with his c**k while he moaned and groaned behind her. She again started to play with her tits, and knew what she wanted next.

When her calves and thighs were on fire from the effort, she pulled Mr. Hayes up from the bed by his tie. She kissed at hum hungrily as his hands ran all over her body, his c**k rubbing against her legs. This time, she laid down, and pulled him onto her.

"Fuck me, Mr. Hayes, and cum deep inside me," she ordered. He entered her, and she could feel his c**k filling her completely. Soon she had her hands behind him, scratching his back, digging his nails into her. She didn't even care if she drew a blood.

"Fuck me harder," she cried. "Harder!" He did as he was told, until sweat was dripping off of him and onto her. "HARDER! Cum in me! I want your cum!" she screamed, and she could hear him start to make a guttural grunt. He was f**king her so hard that the headboard was slamming into the wall, a rhythmic knocking that was in time with her waves of pleasure. Soon, his rhythm slowed down, becoming erratic, as he continued his grunt. The grunt turned into an animal roar, as he pumped streams of white cum into her body.

She cried out with pleasure, feeling his fluids mixing with hers. He continued to pump, as she grabbed his tie again. "Every last drop. Fuck me until you can't f**k any longer." He did as he was told, and when she felt his c**k begin to soften, she pulled him in, letting him stay within her for a few minutes. The two of them breathed heavily, their sweat mingling, and he softly kissed her shoulder. She felt she could die of contentment.

***

When he finally pulled out, she went to the bathroom while he still lay there wrapped in satisfaction. She jumped in the shower, and in a minute or so Mr. Hayes joined her. She set the water on the digital display and turned on the steam function, reveling in the luxury. They smiled and wordlessly washed each other.

The warm water felt amazing on her skin as he rubbed soap between his hands and down her back. She leaned into his hands as he worked the lather across her skin, gently exploring her body. She rinsed in the hot water and returned the soapy favor. He grabbed a big fluffy towel and dried her back before grabbing one himself. She watched as he dried his hair, some water droplets still hanging to his abs and chest. She reached out with her towel and dried them off, her hand brushing his skin. A tingle of electricity passed through her, but she could feel sleep pulling at her too hard. Maybe in the morning...

They stumbled back to the bed and snuggled into each other, Tracy turned to him and whispered, "In case you were wondering, I am still not one of your whores. You will need to please me like this every time we go out, and I will still have things for you to do for me from time to time. I will not be easy, but I will be worth it."

He smiled, already half asleep. "I wouldn't have it any other way." Soon he had drifted off to sleep, his arms wrapped protectively around her.

Tracy reflected on the events that had led her to the billionaire's bed. She touched the scar on her forehead, knowing that the accident had truly saved her life when it could have killed her. She knew that she was happy here with Mr. Hayes, and she hoped that it would stay that way. She wondered if ability to read dreams would work on others, the idea of pleasing and enjoying other men like this sparking an ember of desire in her.

She wondered if she would have more dreams from Mr. Hayes. This new power was something she was going to enjoy exploring and testing. She nestled deeper into his arms, drifting into sleep, and, for the first time that week, dreamed her own dreams.

If you liked this work, you might also enjoy:

The Woman of Her Enemy's Nightmares

The long-awaited sequel to Krista Lakes' story "The Woman of the Billionaire's Dreams"!

Tracy has positioned herself as billionaire Paul Hayes' woman, successfully taking control of his social life and paying off all her bills. However, when a young woman from from his past threatens to steal him away, Tracy finds herself in less control than she thought. Will she let Jenna take away everything she's worked so hard for, including the man she increasingly finds herself falling for?

This 18k word story includes teasing, dancing, and two women competing to give a lucky billionaire all he could ever ask for. More importantly, it includes the continuing romance of the Woman of the Billionaire's Dreams!

"I have an important business meeting in seventeen minutes. You're more important than the meeting, but I should call ahead if I'm going to be late," Hayes said.

"And why, Mr. Hayes, would you be late?" Tracy said, teasingly, in between kisses.

"Well, I wanted to show you exactly who I'd like to go to the dance with," he said.

Tracy looked thoughtful. "Gee, I'm not sure if Jenna Tice can make it here in seventeen minutes." Hayes looked hurt for a moment, so Tracy followed with. "I, on the other hand, will be more than happy to let you apologize for wanting to see her."

Hayes gave her a smile, but it was a strained smile. "Don't let it turn into this. John Tice is an old friend of mine. This company would not exist, and I literally would not be the man I am today, if not for him. It would be my privilege to escort his daughter around. She doesn't hold a candle to you. You're more of a woman than she'll ever be. You're the one that I want to please."

Tracy couldn't help but smile. She knew the words were true, but it was always nice to hear them. She leaned in and whispered in his ear, "Then please me."

Hayes grabbed his cell phone out of his pocket and dialed a number. "James? I'm going to run a little over with some damage control. Hand out the packets and let everyone know to have the details on page six memorized by the time I get there." He hung up without waiting for a response and threw his cell phone back in his pocket.

"Damage control? Is that code for some depraved sexual act?" Tracy asked teasingly.

Mr. Hayes looked at her with a smirk. "Why? What did you have in mind?"

