Chapter 1

I couldn't have been more frazzled as I pulled into the studio parking lot. Running late for such an important meeting was not a good thing and the thought of what would happen if I lost that business for the law firm made my stomach crawl. I played out my introduction in my head. Mr. Kent, I am Rebecca Rowland, but you can call me Becca. I wasn't sure why I had gotten myself so nervous about an introduction, but men like Marshall Kent were legendary in the greater LA area and it was only through my awesome friend, Sophia Leon, whom I met through a Jane Austen and Women's Literature book club meeting, that I had this opportunity. It was great for me and my dad's law firm, which I recently joined straight out of law school. I couldn't turn down the offer for the meeting, despite how nervous I was. A-list actors like Marshall Kent, was out of my league. They were always surrounded by a beauty of such perfection that these women were considered the "model" or the epitome of women's beauty. I, on the other hand, did not have time for all of that...having been putting in all-nighters for the last four years in to graduate a year early from college to go straight into law school, and graduate at the top of my class. But, I didn't want to represent Sophia poorly either.

I was getting tired of waiting patiently by the closed gate to LA's latest movie and production studio, Foothill Studios West Coast Division. It was owned and run by Mr. Kent, the fairly popular actor turned movie maker mogul. Who knew a pretty face like him would want to take a stab at running a major operation like a studio, and get behind the camera. He'd been wildly successful thus far, even winning an award for his documentary, Amber Distortion, at the Venice Film Festival the year before. Aside from an interesting Hollywood tale, one that took him from rags to riches after it was discovered that he was the son of eccentric billionaire, Hugh Henley; Marshall was best noted for being a very alluring and sexy hunk of a playboy. He made the Most Beautiful People list by that popular entertainment magazine at least twice, and he was the face for Sophia Leon's family's fashion line for men called Sergio, aptly named after Sophia's recently married hot former billionaire playboy brother.

Just thinking of playboys made me frustrated, reminding me of Brandon-my ex. I'd loved him so much and had even started planning the wedding I thought was in my future when we finished law school. Within one month of graduation he dumped me and professed that he just wanted to be friends. Friends! Who had he been kidding? Just his name still ticked me off. Maybe it was a good thing that he had just popped into my mind at that moment. It might be fate telling me to be sure that I didn't fall victim to the infamous charms of Marshall Kent if he should make a move. That type of distraction would be too much. Besides, focusing on my new career as an attorney needed to be my priority. I needed new clients way more than I needed the distraction of a man.

Today's opportunity to help grow my father's law firm, Rowland Law Practice, with a lucrative and wealthy client was exciting. Running late due to another moron tempting to flee the cops with a high speed chase down the Los Angeles interstate was not a good start. What is taking that guard so long? I've got to get him moving. I rolled down my window to poke my head out, hoping the security guard would get the not so subtle hint that I was in a hurry.

He walked up to me, not looking the least bit enthusiastic. "Name?"

"Rebecca Rowland here to meet with Marshall Kent."

"ID please." I grabbed my Gucci purse and took out my wallet, handing my driver's license and a business card to the security guard.

"I'll be back to confirm, ma'am," the guard said. He started walking back to the building where he monitored the gate from.

I looked down at my long red fingernails to make sure they weren't chipped at all and tapped them patiently on my little Audi A4S convertible steering wheel. After a quick appraisal in the mirror I was glad to see that my chestnut hair didn't look crazy on the outside because I was feeling a bit crazy on the inside, trying to regain my composure. My eyes had an intense look to them, one that was familiar when I was nervous. They always got darker green when I was excited about something. It made it pretty hard to keep secrets when I wanted to as a child.

As I waited I kept reminding myself to take extra caution today. I wouldn't have necessarily thought anything about it before, but after my call with Sophia on the way over here I couldn't help but make sure I did. She'd hinted that perhaps Marshall and I could be more than business acquaintances. I'd smiled when she said that, knowing that my friend was the eternal romantic and matchmaker. She couldn't help herself. I'd put the axe to that suggestion right away on the telephone, not wanting to go there.

Although I have never personally met Marshall Kent in person I did briefly recall Sophia being attracted to him in the past, calling him rocking sexy. Now that she was in a relationship with a guy named Andre she was off the market and passing on rights to pursuing Mr. Kent to someone else. I'm sure it wouldn't be hard for her to find a taker either. I'll admit that she must be decent at matchmaking though because our mutual friend, Mandi, had just married Sophia's brother Sergio-who was, as I stated before, another well noted playboy.

Come on, where are you, I thought, looking for the slow paced guard. I had to get myself focused on business. I needed to land this deal and anything short of obtaining Marshall Kent for a client would be a failure.

The security guard finally came back, handing me my ID and business card with a polite smile. "You are good to go, Ms. Rowland. You'll go straight ahead until you see a street marked Amber Way and then turn right. There's a two story building at the very end of it with a fountain in front of it. Just park there and go in. Mr. Kent will be expecting you."

"Thank you," I said, barely giving him time to move away before I sped off. I looked at the clock on my dash and saw that I was now twenty minutes late. Thankfully Mr. Kent had agreed to see me still. I wished I could have zipped through the studio grounds, but there were people, carts, and props all over the place. People were buzzing and moving about. It was definitely a busy and action packed studio-very impressive.

I found the road I needed to turn right on and immediately saw the home at the end of it. It was a large California style cottage that looked nicer than many people's homes...a Frank Lloyd Wright design. All the main offices for the studio must be in there. It didn't look like a set prop or anything like that.

After one quick last glance and a freshening up of lipstick I got out of the car and made my way into the front door of the home. When I opened it up I didn't see anyone around. No workers, no receptionist, no Mr. Kent.

There were some voices coming from the back end of the house and I called out. "Hello." There was no answer, but I still heard the voices. Deciding to investigate, I walked closer to them and noticed the echo of my tall red heels as they clicked on the tile floor. "Hello," I called out again.

I still didn't get an answer and walked to the back of the house, assuming that Mr. Kent's office must be there and he just hadn't heard me or was in a meeting. Maybe that's where is assistant was. After my third called out hello I paused, wondering if it would be rude to just walk into his office unannounced. I decided it wouldn't be rude at all because I had announced my presence several times already.

Chapter 2

I quickly discovered that there was no one in the main house and the sounds I was hearing were coming from a small bungalow that was on the backside of the house I'd just walked to the back of. Wow, the place was so big and I couldn't help but admire some of the art deco inspired work on the walls. I wondered if they had been purchased at the gallery that Mandi owned and operated in New York City. I'd have to ask for some small talk if the opportunity arose.

As I neared the bungalow where I heard the voices coming from I called out again, understanding why they hadn't heard me initially. The voices still sounded out, a man and a woman's, but there was no response. I slowly turned the door knob and opened up the door that must be the office-the one where the noises were coming from.

Feeling like a spy during an investigation, I poked my head around the corner and stopped dead in my tracks. I couldn't believe what I was seeing and I could feel the crimson start flooding my face as I stared at them-the naked man and woman all sweaty and enjoying the most intimate of pleasures with each other. Did I just walk in on an adult film in the making? I looked around, wondering if that was the case. There were no cameras though or any other crew member to indicate that was what it was. I was standing there watching two people have sex-pretty wild sex from the looks of it.

I never would have thought it possible, but it was happening. I couldn't take my eyes off of the two people in front of me either. They were physically perfect and the man was absolutely gorgeous, hotter than any guy I'd ever seen before. He was grabbing the voluptuous breasts of the woman and biting them somewhat aggressively in his mouth, then sucking on them. She moaned with excitement, arching her back to allow him to roam over her skin even more.

Watching this intimate scene was absolutely provocative to me and I could feel myself getting wet in my panties just from viewing the two people giving each other such responsive pleasure. I'd never been in an intimate situation like that before and a part of me immediately knew I'd love to find out what it was all about and give it a try. Brandon had been okay in bed, but the fireworks were not always that intense or interesting. I always felt it was more for him to enjoy than for me. But this, even just watching this, made me hotter than I've ever been. I wanted this man's hand and mouth all over me like this.

Who is this guy, I thought. I tried to figure it out, staring at him the entire time. I suddenly realized that a pair of piercing beautiful blue eyes was staring at me while the owner's lips continued to suck and nibble on the woman's breasts. At that moment it dawned on me. I was standing in Marshall Kent's office watching him in a most intimate situation. Unbelievable!

There must have been a peculiar expression on my face because I saw Marshall wink at me as he slid the woman onto his hard-on with her legs wrapped around his waist. She started gyrating on him, moving her hips in ways that would allow him to enter her deeper and thrust harder. The two rocked back and forth in perfect sync and the woman couldn't stop groaning. Her long brown hair was hanging loosely down her back and her hard nipples were sticking straight out with excitement. Seconds later the intense groan that comes with an equally intense climax escaped her lips. And again...and again.

If anyone were to ask me I would have no clue why I couldn't turn away from what I was watching. I was frozen in place, intrigued, and fascinated at the sight of watching them both get off on me watching them. It was insane. At that moment Marshall finally took his eyes off her and thrust forward, moaning as he finally had his climax.

Now the woman was also looking at me and I immediately recognized her. She was an actress that had recently been in a film that had catapulted her career to a new level. Marshall must have signed her on for his studio. I must say, I didn't blame her one bit if she chose to sleep her way to the top if she got to experience that. That was amazing looking!

The woman got up and smiled at me, acting like nothing unusual had just happened. She leaned down and picked up her slinky cotton dress which had been casually flung to the side and slid it on and walked past me to the door and left.

The flush on my face deepened now and I became very embarrassed about my act of voyeurism. Marshall Kent didn't seem to care though. He walked over to me, naked as naked could be, and erection still hard.

Those blue eyes made me so instantly horny when they looked at me, his face still hungry and sex-charged. When I looked at the abundant size of his cock it made my imagination go wild with possibilities. What would it feel like to have that slide in me? The rippling muscles and tanned skin with no tan lines didn't hurt either. The guy was absolutely incredible-an Adonis among mortals. Focus Becca...you cannot get distracted by this package right now...no matter how delicious it looks.

"Miss Rowland, you're late," Marshall said, snapping me back to reality.

"I apologize, Mr. Kent. That's not something that usually happens to me, but I didn't plan for an interstate chase today."

"Call me Marshall. I'm a busy man and don't like tardiness. Thankfully I was able to give myself a bit of a distraction while I waited for you," Marshall said.

"I...uh...ah," I mumbled, not knowing how to respond. "I'm sorry and it won't happen again."

"It better not. Tardiness is a lack of respect and I can't have that, can I, Miss Rowland?" Marshall asked, arching his eyebrows. Even that was sexy. His voice was condescending and bossy, something that would normally irk me greatly, but when he did it, the sound was somehow a turn-on. Plus, I could still feel the intense sexual heat radiating from Marshall. I could not stop staring at his delicious smooth muscles all over his body, and his enormous cock. It was practically staring at me. Why wasn't I ever turned on as much by my ex? I licked my lips nervously. If I keep looking, I was going to lose this deal. Boy, I had to get focused and do it quickly.

"Good, now come over here, Miss Rowland."

"Becca please." I realized that my voice was very low, almost demure as I talked to him.

"Submissive tone...interesting. I wouldn't think attorneys would have that, or friends of Sophia and Mandi either."

I walked over to Marshall, fully aware that he was still naked. I was mesmerized when I looked into his beautiful blue eyes, but I was really intrigued when I looked at his gigantic cock. Maybe it was in an effort to be eccentric or to get the upper hand, but I couldn't help but be amused when Marshall slid on a crisp white linen shirt, but left his pants off.

Without realizing I did it, I stuck out my tongue and licked my lips again, lingering longer at the corners of my lips while I kept staring at his cock. It was like a sculpture at a museum-beautiful and perfect. He was a marble statue come alive. I've never seen a more perfect male body.

"Hungry?"

I would have shouted out yes to his bold question if I could talk. What I wanted to do more than anything at that moment was get down on my knees and put that cock into my mouth and see what it felt like as I moved my mouth up and down it, making Marshall Kent groan from the pleasure of my attention. "Yes, I'm hungry," I finally said, snapping myself out of the highly arousing daydream I'd just lived out.

"Excellent, me too. Let's go get a bite to eat. I just have to get dressed first." He slowly buttoned up his shirt, making me groan inwardly. Why couldn't he keep his shirt open? Better yet, why couldn't he keep his shirt off?

"Sounds great." I decided that I'd already been embarrassed enough so there was no need to turn away as Marshall put on his boxers and gray slacks, followed by a matching sports jacket.

A minute later Marshall reached my arm, telling me to come. "We can conduct your interview over lunch. Not in here."

"Why not?" I asked. Why did you ask that? If you stay in this room you know what you'll want and there'll be no stopping you if he wants it too.

"Because this is my personal space while I'm in California. For this interview I think that it's best for me to be in a place that's a bit less intimate."

"I understand," I said. I should have been relieved, but that wasn't the case. My imagination was on overdrive.

Marshall nodded, looking me over from top to bottom. It was so obvious and bold, not that I should be shocked by that. I had always tried dressing flattering; finding clothes that were professional yet showed off my physique that I worked so hard to keep. One look from those intense blue eyes told me that I'd made a great choice when I chose the red lizard skinned pumps, gray pencil skirt, red cami, and short matching jacket that morning. I wish he'd stop looking at me that way. I'm getting so hot and bothered that I am nearly ready to star in a porno of my own with him as the co-star.

As an afterthought, Marshall said, "If you understand what I want to begin with, Miss Rowland, I believe you'll find yourself quite satisfied."

"I think I'll be able to figure it out," I said boldly, figuring that I had to up my innuendos and business savvy to keep up with this guy.

We went into Marshall's car, a black Bentley GT Coupe, and made our way across the street from the studio to a restaurant that looked similar to a steak house. I couldn't believe how amazing the soft leather felt on the back of my legs as I sat down into the seat.

Once at the restaurant, it was clear that everyone at the restaurant recognized Marshall and was willing to bend over backwards to serve him. It started with the maitre de and ended with the waitress who didn't bother to hide the lust in her eyes as she asked what Marshall wanted. I smiled as I thought that it was very easy to see what she wanted.

Watching the people walk by Marshall was almost comical to me at first, just before we started to talk business. It was clear everyone wanted something from him and you could see it in their eyes. Men and women both seemed enamored with him sexually and as a means in using the Marshall Kent avenue to become the next big thing on the silver screen. He was hot and in demand...not only because of his intense sexual presence, but because of the power he radiated from being one of the most powerful men in front of the screen and behind.

As far as I was concerned, even if I didn't see him in his full-blown glory, giving one of the sexiest actresses an earth-shattering orgasm, I would be intoxicated by his beautiful face, his blue eyes, and full sensual lips itself. This man was sex on legs, and if I'm not careful, I would not be able to stay professional with him, which I could not afford, as a new attorney.

Chapter 3

I've always been a master interviewer, considering it one of my best skills ever since I had landed my first job when I was sixteen. I was confident, ready to share my experiences, and give the pitch of a lifetime as to why Marshall Kent should do business with Rowland Law Practice. I looked at him and he was staring back at me, relaxed and content, with those intense blue eyes looking like he was in the middle of some practical joke. What was going on? Finally after some intense scrutiny he talked. "So, why are you here?"

"I'm here to tell you more about the services that my firm offers. I'm sure you'll gain confidence that we are best equipped to handle the services you require," I said, taking my pause at just the right moment. Marshall stared at me, not responding immediately. I began to get uncomfortable as I waited for a reply...anything to show that I hadn't lost him on the first question.

Marshall cocked his head to one side. "What kind of services, Ms. Rowland?"

"Whatever services you may need," I replied. I instantly blushed, realizing the innuendo that came with that reply and added, "Legal services that is. You see, Mr. Kent, my father has many years of legal expertise in contract laws, negotiations, and tax structure, plus an associate who is highly skilled in entertainment law. We have the ability to fit all your needs...legal needs."

I paused, waiting for a reply like a normal person would. There was no reply again. Instead Mr. Kent reached over to grab his glass of iced tea, swirling it around incessantly as if to mix it up, and then taking a drink. Okay fine, he's thirsty. With a wetted whistle there were still no words that came from his utterly sexy plump lips. He kept staring at me the entire time and honestly, it began to unnerve me on more levels than I wanted to show. If I could have walked away from him at that moment or excused myself I would have.

Feelings of self-consciousness flooded me as I tried to assess what was going on. Part of me wanted to please him greatly and the other part of me wanted to wipe that smarmy look off his face. What was wrong with me? I'm a pretty smart, intelligent woman and I'm certainly used to having men look at me a certain way, but nothing in my frame of reference could have prepared me for the intensity of this brief moment. I didn't get it.

As we sat there in silence my mind drifted off into a mini movie of what I'd seen earlier. I could see Marshall having sex with that woman and I knew it was the kind of sex I wished I could have at that moment. If Brandon would have been able to deliver like that it would have been amazing. And even more heart breaking when he left you. You can't just replace sex like that, can you? Sometimes I really despised that argumentative side of my inner attorney.

Marshall licked his lips softly, making me wonder if he had read my mind just before. I sure hoped that wasn't the case. I seemed to be like an open book with this guy and he somehow had an eerie way of tapping into what I was feeling. In an instant I knew that my form of small talk to break the silence would be utterly ineffective so I just chose to stare back at him for a bit. I felt like a kid in a staring contest and if this was like when I was a kid I'd likely lose. Marshall put his right hand up to his lips, rubbing his knuckle across that soft and sensual looking lower lip. I wanted to bite it so badly and in an instant I was backed into the emotion of horniness. I could safely say that I'd never experienced so many emotions with one guy in such a short amount of time.

Our food came and there was still silence. No word had been exchanged between us and the waitress who clearly desired Marshall was even silent, like she understood that's what he wanted. It was so bizarre. I realized that I hadn't even ordered the steak and veggies, but that's what I'd gotten. The nerve...not asking me what I wanted or choosing my own food. Was he some sort of control freak? It wouldn't have mattered anyway I determined. I was not hungry in the least. It was all too distracting for me to think about having an appetite. As for Marshall, that was a different case.

I watched Marshall begin to cut through his rare stake and devour big pieces of it like he was a carnivore eating in the wild. It barely took him a minute to eat and he still didn't talk. I was beginning to think he had been starving and that's why he'd stopped talking. Some people didn't function well at all when they were hungry. I certainly knew he'd worked up a plenty big appetite that morning.

After the steak was devoured, the glass of red wine was drunk down in about three swallows. Did he even enjoy the taste of it? I had no idea. I knew it was an expensive bottle despite not being overly knowledgeable in wine.

I just kept staring at Marshall, completely ticked off by his mannerisms, and starting to think he was a real asshole. Just because you were rich and sexy didn't mean you could act the way he was. It was uncivilized, almost barbaric. I could sense my eyes darkening as I stared at him, anger rising within me. Keep your cool. You can beat him at his own game.

Marshall hadn't really taken his eyes off me and he finally asked, "Is there something wrong with the steak?"

Was he kidding me? Something wrong with the steak? The only thing wrong with me was the whole bogus interview.

"My steak is fine."

"Then why haven't you eaten anything?" he continued.

"This is an interview so I'm waiting for you to ask me questions. It wouldn't do very well for me to shove a piece of steak in my mouth and then have you ask me a question, would it?"

"Oh, I see. I really only had that one question." Marshall shrugged his shoulders like our conversation was normal. It was far from normal in any sense of the word.

"What about what I've done previously and what I'm capable of..."

Marshall cut me off. "I can see those things from your resume and your resume speaks quite well for you. Why waste my time asking what I've already read? I just need to know why."

"So now you know," I said, starting to lose my cool. I was irked beyond anything I would have thought possible at the start of my day, including the interstate chase that had made me late.

"Now I know," Marshall agreed, void of all expression or emotion in his tone.

"Do you have anything else you'd like to know about me?" I asked, hoping to get this interview back on track.

Marshall paused briefly, assessing if he did indeed have anything else to ask me and eventually crinkled his eyes. "Yes I do have one more question." I nodded, showing that I was listening. "I'd like to know if you work weekends and evenings."

"Yes I do. It's a priority to get the job done, of course, and many times that involves working outside the usual office hours."

"Don't you have anything other than work to keep those nights and weekends occupied?" he asked.

Rude and inappropriate were the first two words that came to my mind. It shouldn't have been a surprise though because this entire interview had been off the charts crazy. "I don't. I am very devoted to my career at this moment."

"Good. I expected as much, but wanted to make sure. It would certainly put a kink in my plans if you didn't have the same kind of work ethic as me. That's good information to know should I choose to bring you on."

"That won't be a problem, Mr. Kent."

He smiled at me widely. We're talking that megawatt smile that can take a person's breath away when least expected. It was a transformation from the silent quirky man I'd just witnessed and most welcome. He actually looked civilized and sweet. "That's good to hear, Ms. Rowland."

Then, as fast as it had showed up, the megawatt smile disappeared and I was looking at the brooding and contemplative man again. He has more mood swings than any girl I've ever met, I thought. That's really saying something considering I had thirty sorority sisters that I lived with in college.

The server came over with a plate of apple pie and that was the end of the brief, yet awkward exchange between Marshall and me. He dug into that pie and devoured it like he was starving, ignoring me completely. Why was he acting so...so...dismissive? That was the word I was looking for.

I apparently was dismissed because not another word was muttered as Marshall continued to eat plate after plate of food. He had desserts, fruit, nuts, and wine. He didn't pay any attention to me the entire time. I might as well have been a bum on the street corner at that moment. I have had enough.

"I hate to end this interview, Mr. Kent, but I have another appointment to go to so I must be going."

He looked up at me, nodding his head. "Oh, then I won't keep you further, Ms. Rowland. Have a lovely day."

Have a lovely day? Was he serious? I grabbed my briefcase and looked at him, thanking him for the opportunity to meet. I knew my voice was indifferent and sounded a bit irritated. After all, I could hear my irritation screaming in my head. It was when Mr. Kent responded with a likewise that I lost it.

Marshall Kent may be handsome and sexy, but his boorish behavior during the lunch was unacceptable. And then there was the even more shocking behavior with his little sexcapade earlier, in which he clearly wanted me to watch. I decided to turn my filter off and unleash the fury of what I was feeling at that moment.

"Actually, Mr. Kent, it was not all that nice to meet you. I've never met a more self-absorbed, rude, and boorish man in all my life. That's really saying something because I'm usually very accepting of people. But having good looks and a body like yours is no excuse for rudeness. First of all you make sure I see you fucking the crap out of a woman in your private quarters and don't seem to care about any impropriety. Then you put me through this awful waste of time interview while acting like an arrogant prick. All I've seen today is a man who doesn't have any decent amount of people skills and it nauseates me. No wonder why you need a lawyer to manage your affairs and keep you from mishandling your own self. You are completely devoid of any decency. Were you raised by wolves or something?" I finally exhaled, shooting darts at Mr. Kent and challenging him to reply. The fact that many eyes were on me didn't escape my attention either, but I didn't care. Surely those people, ass kissers or not, felt the same way.

My heart was racing, but my scathing words barely registered in Marshall's response. "No, I was not raised by wolves."

"Well you sure act like it. I wouldn't have been surprised to find out that I was right on," I spat back.

"It was more like I was raised by zombies," he replied, making me pause. I narrowed my eyes at him in confusion. What was this guy's angle?

"What?"

"My mother was a doped out druggie, usually acting more like a zombie than a mother," he said softly. "She made money to buy drugs by prostituting herself, sometimes right in front of me. But that really isn't your concern is it, Ms. Rowland?"

I was taken aback at the direct honestly and vulnerability that Marshall had shown at that moment and suddenly felt like I was the one who'd been raised by wolves. I'd been rude and inconsiderate just because he didn't respond the way I felt he should. I didn't even know what to say and didn't have to decide. Marshall held out his hand and shook mine. "Thank you for coming, Ms. Rowland. This concludes our interview."

"Thank you, Mr. Kent," I said and walked out. Of course once I was in the parking lot I realized that I didn't have my car there. It was across the busy boulevard at Foothill Studios. Too embarrassed and humiliated to go back into the restaurant I started to make my way to the lights. It wasn't changing and the crossing signal was burnt out. I seriously debated taking my shoes off to run across the street, risking a cut or whatever just to get the hell away from that restaurant. My head was aching from humiliation and my dismal flop at the meeting.

With no choice left, I did take off my beautiful red lizard pumps and placed them in my free hand, darting across the busy road. It must have been some sight and I got a few cat calls and whistles as I did it. The humiliation was great, but not as bad as what I'd just experienced with Marshall Kent.

No sooner did the guard let me through the gate at the studios than Marshall Kent drove by, not even looking my way. Yah, I'd blown that one, but good. I couldn't wait to get home.

Chapter 4

By the time I got back home I was fuming once again. I was mad at myself and despite the story about his childhood, I was plenty mad at Marshall Kent too.

The self-directed anger came from knowing that I let someone get the best of me. I think it had been in my first year of law school that I learned that you can never let people get the best of you because your emotions take over and your logic leaves the building. Well, it was safe to say that my logic had left and it cost me a great client...not only me, but my Dad too. What would he say? He'd be so embarrassed of me.

As for Marshall Kent, did he think that a rough childhood meant he could just act so unconventional and use terrible manners? What person in their right state of mind had sex and let someone else watch, invited them to watch? Nobody that I'd ever met before. Still, you watched. I didn't get it and I briefly wondered why Sophia would sent me over to meet with someone, even suggest dating them, if they were so obviously messed up. He had to have shown that side to others before.

There was nothing left to do but take an indulgent bath, pour a nice glass of wine, and drown my sorrows in my Jacuzzi tub. That was what I needed. I didn't put the jets on so I could load it up with bubbles and enjoy their fragrant relaxing scent. I had chosen the jasmine blend-guaranteed to calm you. It was my modern version of the Calgon moment that I'd heard many an older woman talk about for years. I couldn't wait.

I didn't even take my cell phone into the bathroom, knowing that anybody who needed to talk with me could wait. I needed to diffuse and do it quickly so I could recollect myself and see if there was any way to recover the damage that I'd done.

After about five minutes of soaking I heard my phone go off. I had planned on ignoring it, but then I remembered that Sophia was supposed to call me. I got out of the tub as quickly as possible, wrapping my towel around me and ran out into the living room with little bubbles of foam falling off my body and leaving a trail on my plush tan carpeting.

"Hello," I said. I could barely breathe from hustling to get to my phone so quickly.

"Hello Ms. Rowland. How are you this evening? You sound...winded."

My heart sank, recognizing the voice instantly. "Mr. Kent, I wasn't expecting a call from you." What in the hell is he calling for?

"Why? Because you were so very rude to me during our interview and even walked out on it; also causing quite the scene in the restaurant, I might add," he said matter-of-factly.

My fuming anger instantly arose again. He had some nerve. "You've got to be kidding me. It's the other way around, Mr. Kent. You were the rude one, not me. Me pointing it out doesn't make me rude, just honest. Something you're probably not used to from all the ass kissers that flock to you on a daily basis. It's disgusting and you're just as disgusting for allowing it."

"You know, you're rather sexy when you're angry, Ms. Rowland," he replied. He was not even thrown off about my rant again. I guess he had no reason to be. If it didn't bother him face to face it was not going to bother him on the telephone. Wait. Hold on. Did he just say I'm sexy?

"There was a brief period in our interview, Miss Rowland, when I thought you were like all the other women around me. Always smiling and having a hidden agenda. You know, cool, vacant and too beautiful. It turns out that I misjudged you and I couldn't be more pleased about it. In fact, it fits my needs perfectly. I can't have someone looking out for my best interests if they are not tough enough to stand up to me after all. Wouldn't you agree?"

"I agree," I said hesitantly. I was stunned and not sure how to respond. I chose my words carefully. "So, what is it that I can do for you, Mr. Kent? I'm sure you didn't call just to tell me that I am sexy when I'm angry."

I heard a soft laugh come from the phone, but no response to my snide question. Instead, Mr. Kent asked, "Can you come in tomorrow so we can get started on everything?"

"Yes." He's actually hiring me! I cannot believe this.

"Good. Be here bright and early tomorrow, and Ms. Rowland, don't be late."

"I won't be. Same place?"

"Yes."

I hung up the telephone and jumped into the air, letting the few bubbles that remained on my skin go flying off onto the carpeting. I couldn't believe it. I hadn't blown it and I wouldn't have to tell my dad the distressing news. This was fantastic.

I ran to my closet, assessing what I should wear the next day. I wanted it to say something, but not too much. Why was I over thinking this? Because it's a big deal.

My phone rang again and this time it was Sophia. I didn't bother to tell her about the mishaps, but was more than happy to share that I'd gotten the account. She added, "He's a hottie, isn't he?" What could I say? There was no denying that. He was smoking and on fire hot.

Before Sophia and my call ended she added, "I bet it ends up turning into something more. Marshall always finds a way to get what he wants. You know who else is like that?"

"Who?" I asked, truly not understanding what she was talking about.

"You," she said. "Well, I'll let you get going. I can tell you have a lot on your mind."

"Love ya'...and thanks," I said.

"Love ya' too," Sophia responded.

I went back to my closet and looked at all my clothes, which all seemed suddenly wrong although they'd been fine just that morning.

Chapter 5

I arrived at the studio by 7:30 a.m. sharp, ready to start my day and prayed it would be better than the previous day. The same slow guard was at the security gate and I wondered why Marshall, who was so regimented, allowed for someone so slow to work there. I bet he moved faster for Marshall. I would have said something, but complaining about his lackadaisical attitude didn't seem like the type of gesture that would do me any good. Plus, if Marshall was so sporadic with everyone the guy might get fired. I didn't want him fired, just to get the lead out of his butt when he was walking up to the cars.

For the second day in a row, I walked into the main house and called out hello, waiting for someone to respond. Once again it was silent. Just as I was getting ready to call out again, a beautiful red head walked by me, buttoning her blouse as she passed by. She was grinning madly, but didn't look disheveled. Did Marshall just have sex with her? Wow, he started early and seemingly had a different woman for every day of the week.

I decided to stay put and sit down in a chair in the living room area. I didn't want any surprises this morning because I definitely had to focus and show that I was worth the firm's price of $300.00 per hour.

I looked around at everything, waiting patiently for Marshall to show himself. He must have been a ninja in some life because I didn't even hear him coming. "Hello, Ms. Rowland." I looked up and saw him walking toward me from the kitchen. He was only wearing a towel that was a bit wet and wrapped around his waist. I couldn't help but admire each rippling sexy abdominal muscle on his chest that made up more than a six pack. He was like an eight pack special.

That towel hung low just below his hip and looked like it could fall off any second. He was casually sipping his coffee and acting as nonchalantly as could be. I noticed him looking at me, as if he had x-ray goggles and knew exactly what I was wearing below my clothes. His eyes hovered at my cleavage, just above where my last button was fastened. I was used to men ogling my body because it was curvy and "built for fucking" as Brandon had put it several times. However, the way Marshall looked at me was making me unravel and desiring to have him take me in the living room I sat in at that very moment.

"It's nice to see you so bright and early...very punctual."

"As you requested, sir."

Marshall smirked at me, making me wonder what I could have possibly said to make him do that. "What's so funny?"

"I like the way you call me sir. From your mouth it sounds rather enticing."

I had to change the subject and start establishing some boundaries for this attorney/client relationship or it was never going to work. "Where do you want me to work, Mr. Kent?" Just go tear off that towel. You know you want to. You want to tear it off, get down on your knees, and suck him to pleasure.

"Why is your face so flushed, Ms. Rowland. Are you feeling alright? I could open the windows to get you some fresh air."

"That's very kind, but I'm good, Mr. Kent."

"Coffee or tea? You're welcome to take anything from the fridge you like."

"No thank you. I'm fine for now."

"I just want to make sure you're comfortable around here. After all, you're going to be spending a lot of time here, including some nights and weekends. You'll find this place adequately equipped with everything since I do live here when I'm in LA and prefer not to travel to an office if I can do everything from my home."

"How convenient," I replied, making him smile.

"Yes, very," he said. Then he pointed to the glass top table in the living room and told me that was where I'd be working from. "My assistant, Karen, has everything you need on there already and if you need anything else she is speed dial 1 on the phone."

"She's not in this building?"

"Oh no, as I told you yesterday this is my personal space."

I started to ask why I was there then, but decided to keep my mouth shut. No need to say something that I'd likely regret or worse yet, stick my foot in my mouth. "Sounds good," I said.

"Just shout out if you need me. I'll be around."

"Thank you." With that, Marshall left and I got down to work, sorting through the stacks of files and financial information that were on the glass table. It really was a lot to go through.

My main task was to review contracts and financial documents for a studio that Foothills Studios was trying to merge with called Silver Fern Productions. Before Marshall had an interest and ran the studio in LA, it seemed that merger proceedings had already been started.

Marshall stepped back in for a while to explain the merger to me. Apparently he didn't know the least thing about it. That was why he needed me to sort things out and explain everything to him. Most of all, he needed me to make sure that he wasn't getting screwed over and that everything was as organized as possible for the inevitable transaction. I somehow doubted that would be the case. He seemed to be the type of guy who made sure that he got the last word in despite the merger having been agreed upon long before he took over the studios.

After his explanation, I whole-heartedly dug into the files, trying to tackle at least the top third today. I didn't know how long I had been working, but time was flying by. The next thing I knew it was 12:30 in the afternoon. I didn't even know if I would have realized that, but Marshall brought me in a sandwich and a glass of Coke Classic-my favorite. He was also carrying his lunch and sat down to eat with me. Hopefully this would be a better lunch than yesterday, I thought, laughing at the thought of a repeat now.

"Thank you. I guess I am hungry now that I realized the time. There's a lot to go through here."

"You definitely have to eat. It's important to keep a clear mind and a high energy level, don't you think?"

"Absolutely," I agreed. I did need to keep a clear mind and a high energy level. There was a lot to do.

"I know you have a lot to do in a short period of time, but I'm highly confident that if anyone can manage this it is you."

"That's nice to say. So, if you don't mind my asking. How did you manage to inherit this studio?"

"It was a good companion piece to Foothill Studios, which I started in New York. As for the one that is the merger, that was an unexpected inheritance gift from my father, one that was lost in his estate for about eight years now. You see, I never knew my father existed until I was twenty years old. It seems that my mom had been an actress want-to-be before she was a druggie and didn't tell my dad that she was pregnant with me. Kind of odd, you would have assumed she would have taken advantage of the money, to support her habit if not me. Nope, it was the one time when she apparently didn't reach out for help. Rather ironic, don't you think?"

"Definitely. That must have been tough," I said, wanting to take back my heated comments from the day before in some way. Seeing this side of Marshall Kent before me, made me feel a bit more embarrassed about what I'd said to him yesterday. "I'm a survivor and that's in the past," he said. "My dad discovered that he had a son when I was twenty and had his attorney's contact me first. Once they determined that I wasn't completely crazy or troubled like my mom had been, he contacted me. Hugh Henley was a bold man, a real visionary. It was such a shame that I only got to know him for five years before he passed away. He never had any other children, but those who had thought they were going to get his estate were plenty mad when they discovered that the up and coming actor, Marshall Kent, was inheriting the entire thing."

"A common story for estates unfortunately," I added. People were always so greedy, thinking they were entitled to what was someone else's. "You seem to manage your wealth very well."

Marshall looked at me and had a half grin on his face. Okay, maybe that was an exaggeration because he was one eccentric guy for just barely being thirty years old.

"All I need to do is make sure you uncover everything and tell me everything before this merger goes through and we'll be off to a wonderful start," Marshall said.

"Sure. That's why I'm here."

With a mischievous grin on his face, Marshall got up and went to stand behind me. "Yes, that's one reason why you are here," he said. Before I knew what was happening I could feel his large firm hands gently kneading my shoulders, massaging them and making me instantly melt from their touch. It felt so good, I bit my tongue to keep from moaning. He kept going, reaching my shoulders and lower back too. I could get used to a massage like that.

"You're very responsive to my touch," Marshall said softly behind my ear. Yes, I was, but I couldn't admit that. "You're also very accommodating to my requests. It's rare to find someone as beautiful, fiery, and responsive as you. It's a very intoxicating blend of qualities, Ms. Rowland."

I was holding my breath, enjoying the moment and in awe at the silky tone of his seductive words. My inner voice saved me, helping me regain my composure. "Um, Mr. Kent..."

"Marshall," he said, interrupting me.

"Okay, Marshall. I think that I should..."

He interrupted again. "There you go, Ms. Rowland."

"Becca."

"There you go, Becca. I think I'd better leave you so you can finish your lunch and get back to work. Have a nice day." Without another word or even a glance backward, he walked out of the room and that was it. I didn't see him for the rest of the day. What a peculiar man; a peculiar man that I was longing to know more about on every level.

Chapter 6

I continued to work for the rest of the afternoon in complete silence. Nobody came back to this area unless Marshall was around. That much was clear. I'd wished there was some subtle music in the background or something to break the silence. For some reason it made it almost difficult to think. Plus, the lingering touch of Marshall's hands on my neck and shoulders remained, making me think of things that were definitely not related to law. He was so complex and that made him wildly desirable. Naturally every alarm I have about trusting a guy like Marshall was going off as a result.

Finally, my work flow settled back in and I began to move along, accomplishing quite a bit and getting wrapped up in the complexities and factors of the movie business. I heard the front door open and looked up to see who'd come in. Marshall came around the corner with a large basket and an incredible smile on his face.

"I've gotten us some dinner for tonight. I hope you weren't starving this afternoon," he said.

"No, I'm fine. I've made a lot of progress..."

Marshall looked at me, giving me an impish smile as he cut me off. "I'm sure you have, but you must eat too."

"Okay," I said. Since when you have been such an obedient person, just dropping something at the request of someone else? I thought. The answer was easy though. I had never been around a man that was as intoxicating and intriguing as Marshall. In fact, I didn't even know that they made such a man. Being around him seemed as dangerous as playing with dynamite by a fire.

I watched in fascination as Marshall pulled out two chicken dishes, loaded with steaming asparagus and a cream sauce, plus baby red potatoes along the side with rosemary and parmesan on them, instantly salivating at how fantastic they smelled. Accompanying them was a bottle of chilled white wine and some music that he turned on by pressing a few buttons on the console on the wall, making soft inviting music flow in the background. Wow-he knew how to make quite a presentation for a work dinner.

I was reading through an old movie contract while I ate, knowing that time was valuable. I'd have rather sat there and stared into those sapphire blue eyes that promised great sexual escapades, but unfortunately time was working against me.

As I read I didn't quite realize that Marshall had been watching me so intently. I'd just assumed he was devouring his meal just like he had at the restaurant. I must have gotten particularly distracted by something in the contract because I suddenly felt the gentle press of a piece of chicken on a fork by my lips. I looked at Marshall and he was sitting there with the fork by my mouth, giving a lazy grin, and staring at me, waiting for me to open it up, which I did. He fed me a piece of meat and continued to feed me bits of food every minute or so.

The sweetness of the gesture of cutting up my food and feeding me caught me off guard. Marshall was indeed a confusing man. For being an actor, typically someone self-absorbed, and growing up in a tough environment he was extremely cultured. This moment was so different than the one at the restaurant. Everything about him had me mesmerized, and I was pretty sure it showed that he was very interested in me. The thought made my entire body want to shudder. It was something that I definitely wanted on a physical level, but was not ready to tackle on an emotional level. I was not a woman who could embrace that friends with benefits type of mentality, but heaven knows, in this case that would have been fantastic. I'd already had the visual of just how equipped he was to please a woman on every physical level.

"Becca, it looks like I'll have to be going away to Vegas. The timing is horrible, having just hired you and knowing that I have to take care of this merger business quickly too. I can't have you here alone working on it because nobody at the studio knows what's going on."

"You must be going for business so what choice do you have, but go?" I asked. Great Becca, are you trying to feel out whether he was going to Vegas for business or pleasure...with some woman. Real pathetic.

I was starting to think that Marshall was a mind reader because he looked at me, turning his head to one side, as if entertained by my thoughts. "There's a convention there, an opportunity to pitch the movies that the studio is working on and also find new screenplays for us to work with. It's also about promotions, connections, and all the other aspects of the industry that are essential to success. I was hoping that you wouldn't be opposed to coming with me for the week. That way you could keep working along in secrecy and keep me informed on everything as you find out about it."

I paused, thinking about spending a week in Vegas with Marshall, working closely with him. He'd just been so gentle and nurturing to me just now, as if I was a newborn infant. It was surprisingly inviting to me, though. I began to believe there was more to him than raw sex appeal, a dynamic face and body, and eccentricity.

"I'll be ready to go. Just let me know the details, Marshall."

"Pack for a week and be ready to leave tomorrow morning at 12 noon. We'll take the jet over and get settled in."

"Do you want me in before that?"

"No, that won't be necessary. You'll have your work cut out for you this upcoming week."

"Okay," I said. I looked at Marshall and tried to determine why the gentle man had gone away so abruptly and the dominate decision maker had returned. He could switch gears in a single breath.

"I'll be ready."

"Excellent. Well, I'd suggest that you call it a night. I'll make sure all these documents are packed and on the jet to make their way to Vegas with us tomorrow. Don't keep me waiting when I get to your apartment."

"Would it be easier for me to meet you at the airport?" I asked.

"No, I'll pick you up at your apartment," Marshall said. He turned and walked out of the room.

As ordered, I packed up my things and headed to the apartment to pack and get ready to go. I wasn't excited about calling my father and telling him I'd be gone to Vegas for a week with Marshall Kent, but I had to. After all, it was firm business. My dad, like most people, had heard of the infamous personality of Marshall and was hesitant that this account was sending the lamb, in this case me, to the slaughter. I knew my dad trusted me and that was the way dads acted, but I couldn't help but heed his warning a little bit. If Marshall made a move toward something other than business what would I do? And would he do to me what he'd been doing to that actress that one day? I hope so, I thought. I couldn't have had more confusing signals going on in my brain at the possibilities that came with the question of Marshall making a move on me. Time would tell, I guessed.

Chapter 7

I'd eaten an early lunch before Marshall had picked me up-actually his chauffeur had picked me up. Apparently Marshall had some last minute details to attend to so he'd sent someone for me, which disappointed me. I guessed I was expecting him to show the sensitive sweet Marshall side I saw yesterday. Not the all-business one. The minute we met at the airport and boarded Marshall's jet the attendant brought out a gourmet plate of lunch to him, which he began to eat greedily. I couldn't help noticing that he looked incredibly sexy when he put the grapes to his lips though before tossing it in his mouth and chewing it hungrily. Finally, three platefuls later, he was done and he looked up at me, showing that he was satisfied. He ate as sensually and as enthusiastically as he had sex, I thought.

"A good lunch is just as essential as breakfast to a productive day," he said.

"That's why I ate."

"I cannot help but wonder if you ate enough. Oh well, if you're not hungry, you're not hungry. Please do not hesitate to let me know if you change your mind though. There's plenty of food for you here."

"I won't. Thank you, Marshall." I smiled at him, wondering how he could eat the way he did and keep in such great shape plus keep his white shirt immaculate the entire time. He should eat naked, I thought. My thoughts of late had no sort of decorum at all. It was like my inner voice was trying to break through and tell me that I needed to ravage this man regardless of what happened afterwards. It would be worth it.

"What's on your mind?"

"You," I blurted. I immediately blushed, knowing that sounded rather suggestive. "I mean...um...I was wondering where we'll be staying?"

Marshall cocked his eyebrow, and the corners of his mouth crinkled into a small smile. "I've gotten us two rooms at the Venetian, one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas."

"I've heard it's beautiful, but I've never stayed there myself," I replied.

"Well," Marshall said, his blue eyes staring intensely into mine. "Get used to it. We'll be there for a few days, and I want you to be comfortable."

* * *

Moments later, I was standing just behind Marshall as he talked to the hotel clerk, which was a good thing because I didn't want Marshall to see the expression I had on my face. The clerk informed him that they'd overbooked and the two rooms were no longer available, but they'd given him the VIP suite-one room, which we could share. Could I stay in the same room with him and not be tempted to explore more than legal documents? I wasn't so sure.

Marshall turned to me, looking at me with a whimsical expression. "Ms. Rowland, will you be comfortable sharing quarters with me? The suite is rather spacious-no closed quarters."

That sounded like a challenge. "We'll just make it work," I replied. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of showing him that I was the least bit nervous, despite my stomach doing flips inside of me.

We went to the elevators and once inside, placed a card in the slot, showing that we were going up to a level that was not for a majority of the guests. It made me feel like I was a famous person. For some reason, I kept thinking of the more intimate side of Marshall, the one that he'd shown me last night when he fed me, and that made me forget that he was a guy who was larger than life to a great many people. To me, he was just the guy that I had internal debates about in regards to wanting to have a sexual tryst with him or just remain business associates. At that moment, I didn't have too much faith that I'd be able to even mutter a weak "no" if he made a move on me. Hopefully my confused state of mind about wanting him and not wanting him, wasn't visible to the man himself, who seemed to read my mind so easily.

Marshall opened up the door to the suite and my jaw dropped. I'd never seen anything like it and it was absolutely amazing. The walls were a light golden tone with huge windows that overlooked the Vegas strip and provided a view of downtown Vegas in the distance too. I walked over to the window and looked down, seeing people on the sidewalks below who looked so tiny you could barely make out any details about them.

I realized that I was staring out the window and afraid to even turn around. I sensed that Marshall was behind me and my mind immediately jumped to conclusions that he was already making a move. What was I going to do? Should I? Could I handle it? The questions didn't stop.

"It is a rather lovely view, isn't it, Becca?"

"Sure is."

"Would you like to see our bedroom?"

I gulped. I knew I might as well get it over with. After all, we were going to have seven nights of sharing that room together coming up. "Sure. It can't be much more spectacular than this casual area though."

"We shall see," Marshall said, pressing his hand on my lower back. It sent a jolt through me that made my toes tingle and the hairs on my arm stand on end. In other words, it was arousing despite being a simple gesture on his part. I wondered if he knew that his touch did that? If he did he was certainly at no shortage of power for getting women to succumb to his will because I was about ready to turn around and pounce on him.

The bedroom was equally impressive to the casual area of the suite, showing a giant king sized bed lined with cream and golden sheets and blankets. I leaned over to touch them, and felt how they were so soft to the touch. I knew they were Egyptian cotton and I bet they were at least 1500 thread count. I ran my hands over them, wanting to put my cheeks to it to rub against. I just may have to set up my work station in that bed for this entire week and camp out there.

I'd paused at the bed, not really sure what to say. I was in awe and while I'd had a fairly privileged childhood, I'd never stayed in a place like this. My dad was more practical and that had rubbed off on me to a certain extent. Marshall grabbed my hand and said, "Here, I'll show you the bathroom."

The bathroom was equally wow! There were two showers next to each other, his and hers I guessed, but they were made of glass so there would never be a way to take a shower in privacy if more than one person was in the suite. I guessed friends didn't stay in the VIP suite. Images of Marshall walking out to greet me just yesterday with that towel wrapped loosely around his waist flooded my thoughts. I hoped I'd get to see that again because the pure sexiness of that towel wrapped so loosely, appearing like it was about to fall off, was tempting; especially since I knew what a humongous package he had underneath it.

I knew I was acting peculiarly odd and I had to snap out of it. I turned to Marshall. "This suite is absolutely stunning. I've never seen anything quite so amazing and beautiful."

"It looks better with you in it," Marshall said. I blushed a bit at the compliment, but thanked him.

There was a knock on the door and a voice called out that it was the porter with the luggage. I breathed a sigh of relief. It was not easy to be alone with a man like Marshall. In fact, it was too tempting. There was only one other man who'd ever tempted me that way and it was Brandon, but he'd never evoked emotional responses in me the way Marshall did and we hadn't even done anything-technically. I couldn't lie that he'd been on my mind in some very delightfully compromising positions the past few days. A vivid sexual daydream was rather easy to have when you knew what every muscular curve of a man looked like from his strong broad shoulders down to his enormous engorged member. Calm down...you're overheating.

"Well, as much as I'd like to stay and entertain you I must be off to the convention and make sure my marketing team is setting everything up for Foothill Studios the way I've ordered it to be," Marshall said.

"Sounds good. I'll get right to work so I can give you an update when you get back later tonight."

"I might be very long. Don't wait up if you get tired. You have plenty of time to work...and whatnot."

I didn't know what the whatnot was, but I was definitely intrigued.

Chapter 8

The table in the casual area of the suite easily fit my lap top and all the documents that were brought along for me to review. I am not sure why they were not scanned and in a folder that could be viewed online, but such wasn't the case. People had always said that Hugh Henley had been quirky and marched to a different beat so it must have been him. Marshall was organized, efficient, and made the most out of his time. It was easy to tell that.

After about six hours of working diligently on everything in front of me, I was interrupted by a knock on the door, saying that room service had arrived. It was a pleasant surprise and one that reminded me that I was indeed hungry. I looked over at the clock and it was 6 p.m.

I opened the door and there was a man with a cart that contained a vase of beautiful flowers, a bottle of red wine, and several plates of food. It smelled fantastic and the way it wafted into the room made me instantly hungry.

The room service attendant whose name tag stated Anthony, began to tell me what I was going to be enjoying that evening. I would be drinking a Harmonique 2002 Pinot Noir, which was the perfect accompaniment to the grilled fresh water salmon, homemade bread loaf with dill and herb whipped butter, plus the mixed vegetable blend. For desert, there was a platter of chocolate covered strawberries; each hand dipped just minutes earlier and all delightful with the wine.

The feast before me was one made for a queen and I was looking forward to playing the role of queen. I tried to tip room service, but he politely declined, telling me that Mr. Kent had already taken care of him quite well. Then just like that, he was gone and I was preparing to eat about as great a meal as I'd ever had by myself. I decided to take a break from work while I enjoyed it, not wanting to miss any part of the delectable combination that it was promised to be.

As if on cue, after one bite I received a text from Marshall, asking if I was enjoying the meal. I said that I was and offered to save a glass of the wine and strawberries for him when he returned. He told me that he'd be back well after midnight though, making my heart sink a bit. Even though I didn't know what was going to happen I enjoyed the thought of seeing how I'd respond if it did. Maybe he was keeping his distance from me too, not wanting to be distracted by me. I could tell by the way he looked at me and responded that he was interested, but also somewhat resistant. Did he wonder about the same things I did? We both clearly had relationship hesitations, but mine were certainly for a different reason. Brandon had really broken my heart and wore down my joy for a long time after the unexpected dump. I doubted that Marshall's heart had ever been truly broken, although I remembered a time when Sophia said that a woman did break his heart badly, only to try to get back together with him after he came into his fortune.

It was time for me to stop relaxing from a full stomach and get back to the paperwork for Marshall's merger. I was reviewing some information that really didn't add up for this merger. They seemed to be looking at purchasing a company that was interested in similar type films as what Foothill Studios was. That wasn't logical to me and it made me speculate just how involved Marshall's father had been in the merger idea before he passed away. His signature wasn't on anything and the people that had been making the shots were primarily executives that worked under him. They were all there now, but I didn't know what their involvement was at this point or if they'd simply been told to step aside for Marshall to handle the entire matter.

From my perspective, the merger was not a sound idea at this point and the more I reviewed, the more I believed that to definitely be the case. There were too many unanswered questions, including ones about the executives. What would they have to gain by the merger? From the looks of the documents in front of me they wouldn't gain a thing, which made their desire to make the merger happen suspect at best. I needed to find out what their intentions were.

I was typing notes into my laptop as fast as my mind could process them, ensuring that I had everything documented that I wanted to point out to Marshall. I couldn't wait for him to get back to the hotel and it was disappointing that he wouldn't be back so late. I looked up at the clock and saw that it was 10:00. I decided to take a shower and then enjoy another glass of wine before falling asleep.

The shower didn't disappoint and enjoying the glass of wine in the soft luxury of those Egyptian cotton sheets was like relaxing on a cloud. I set the timer on the television and drifted off to sleep long before it went off. I had on my tank top and pajama bottoms. Since I hadn't known we were going to be sharing a room I was thankful that I hadn't packed anything skimpier or anything frumpier either.

I must have been sleeping soundly because I woke up and saw that it was 4 a.m. I turned around and saw Marshall in the giant bed, very close to me. It was almost like he was spooning me, but had stopped just short of touching me. If I moved any more he might wake up and I chose that moment to just watch him sleep. I hoped that Marshall wouldn't wake up with me watching him, but I couldn't help myself. He seemed like such a different man as he slept there. He almost looked like an angel or a small innocent child. There were no signs of his punctual and dictatorial side, just evidence of an amazingly beautiful person who had a calm and serene look up on his face. His full lips were slightly separated and I could see his chest breathing in and out in the gentlest way.

Eventually I turned back around and faded back off into sleep. I didn't want to fall asleep looking at Marshall because if he woke up he'd be able to look at me too and somehow that made me uncomfortable. I wondered what I looked like when I was sleeping. Would I look as peaceful as Marshall? Was the reason why he slept so peacefully because he was able to work out his aggressions during the day? Whatever it was, I found myself drawn to this beautiful complex man more and more.

Chapter 9

Morning came and I had woken up to find that Marshall had already gotten up. I could hear the shower running and it made me instantly drift off into thoughts that were definitely not geared toward work. I still hadn't had a chance to talk to Marshall as in-depth as I would have liked to about the studio either. I'd hoped that I'd get that chance this morning.

I got dressed, deciding I'd shower later and went out into the living room of the suite, where I saw that breakfast had already been delivered. Marshall didn't skip a beat and neither did the service at the Venetian. I'm sure he was a well appreciated client there. Instantly feeling hungry, I sat down and started to sip on some orange juice and within a few minutes Marshall came out. He was still wearing a towel around his waist and I couldn't help but hope it would fall right off of him. No such luck.

"Good morning, Becca. I trust you slept well," Marshall said.

"I must have. I didn't even hear you come in or feel you slide into bed. I guess all the travel, work, and that great wine that had come with my dinner caught up with me."

"That's good to hear. I'm glad I didn't disturb you. Sadly, I must admit that on occasion I tend to mumble in my sleep."

"That's not a big deal."

"I just don't like it," Marshall said. I couldn't help but wonder why it was a big deal to him, but I shrugged it off.

"I was hoping that I could go over some information about the merger with you that I've discovered. Do you have some time this morning before you head off?"

"Sorry, won't work now. Maybe later. Today is pitch day, where people set up appointments to pitch their screenplays to certain studios."

"Hopefully you hear some good ones."

"I sure hope so. I get so sick of that shit that's all trend-vampire apocalypse, zombies, fairy tale retellings, etc. It's so blase. Even when I was an actor I always longed for something different. I'm hoping to provide those things as a studio owner to actors that I didn't have."

"A worthy goal. We'll do that later then," I said.

"Excellent. Now I must get dressed so I can be out of here in ten. I'll make sure you're well-tended to."

And with that, Marshall went back into the bathroom to finish getting ready, walked back out, and then gave me a casual wave goodbye.

I sighed. I knew I was here to work, but I was eager to experience a little bit of the great view that was just outside that big glorious window. I knew that I had to get that notion out of my mind because there was still a lot to uncover and I still had a hunch that there was something very suspicious about the merger. I'd do whatever it took to protect Marshall from a bad investment at all costs. It was the right thing to do as an attorney and as a friend. Are we friends? I don't even know what I'd call it, truth be told.

The task at hand was very hard for me to achieve that morning. I was having a hard time working and staying focused. I was so very distracted and I couldn't deny it any longer. I was horny and needed relief. All the thoughts about sex and if I'd do it with Marshall or not if given the opportunity was driving me crazy with need. I never felt so turned on just thinking of a man. After some long minutes trying to get any work done, but not succeeding, I was desperate. I snuck away into the bathroom, deciding to take a shower and give myself some much needed relief so I could focus on the task at hand.

Standing in the glass shower, pleasuring myself was kind of a sensual experience in itself, and I closed my eyes, fantasizing about Marshall walking in on me and watching me pleasure myself. I could see the look on his face. It was one of amusement, excitement, and anticipation, like I was his own little peep show in that glass shower case. My fingers knew the exact spots to reach to give me pleasure and I pressed my back against the glass, enjoying the hot steaming water cascading down my front side as I moaned gently, giving me the sexual release that my body had been craving.

After the shower I found myself quickly getting absorbed into work again, just to be surprised by Marshall showing up with some lunch for us to eat. Apparently his days' worth of meetings were taking place in a room he rented at the Venetian. It was a pleasant surprise and I was eager for the break so I could share some more of the information I'd been finding out about the merger.

The problem was that as soon as I started to talk about it Marshall began to cut my food and then feed me. It was an instant distraction that made my thoughts jump from talk of a business merger to thoughts of a more intimate sort of merger. I had to admit that I'd thought Marshall would have made a move by this time and it had me edgy. The more he teased me and did the little gestures that were so kind and sweet, the more I wanted him. Maybe that was his game. I wasn't sure, but I couldn't complain. It was working on me, and I was having a hard time fighting my overwhelming attraction to him.

I was wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans today, knowing that it would be rather foolish to get all dressed up just to sit in the hotel room all day. When Marshall came to stand behind me and give me another one of his famous sensual shoulder massages I nearly slid right off my chair. It felt that amazing.

"You seem so tense, Becca. You have to make sure you take care of yourself and stretch out. It'll help you feel better and think better," Marshall said. I couldn't respond because I was in bliss from his strong fingers giving me the massage.

Then Marshall's hands traveled to the front side of my shoulders and I could feel his fingertips graze my cleavage, instantly making me get goose bumps on my skin. His touch was unlike anything I'd ever experienced before. It was so soft, but it radiated such intensity that I was almost overwhelmed by it.

Much to my dismay, Marshall's internal clock went off and he realized that it was time for him to go again. Just as easy as he'd turned on that smooth sexy side he turned it off and was all business again. I wondered what it would be like to be able to change moods and emotions that quickly. It seemed like it would be exhausting.

With another casual farewell, Marshall made his way out of the room and I began my process of unwinding from thoughts of his touch and tried to focus on work. Admittedly, it was challenging and I decided that this was the perfect time to take another shower-a cold shower that snapped me back to reality and out of my dream state.

The shower did the trick and I began to work again. Once again, Marshall showed up for a quick supper and this time he brought a stuffed animal with him. It was a white tiger, like the ones that Siegfried and Roy had at their Secret Garden and Dolphin Exhibit at the Mirage. It was so big and soft, oddly enough reminding me of the way Marshall could be. Tender and larger than life one minute, but then all instincts and power the next.

This time Marshall massaged my calves and legs, almost making me purr...it was absolutely incredible. I had never experienced anything like it and it made my senses come alive from the tips of my toes and let's just say...further north. I'd hoped this may be it, the moment I'd been starting to long for. However, I was wrong. Once again that clock went off inside Marshall and the business side reigned supreme again. He said he'd be back later and wasn't sure of the time.

Once again, I was asleep when he got home and found that he was up before I awoke. I don't know how he was so stealthy, but I never heard him. I'd never thought of myself as that deep of a sleeper either. It must have been all that work I was doing. It was exhausting being so thorough and detail oriented with documents that I didn't know everything about. Luckily, I had the fortune to call up my dad's firm a few times for some resources. It was a blessing having my dad and a few of the other people at the office at my disposal when I had a pressing question.

Working non-stop through the files made me lose track of time. Day and night began to blur, and I was falling into a routine, but beginning to understand the entire case much better.

The next day proved to be another day devoted to business, not being able to get an audience with Marshall about the merger, and getting some awesome massages that sent my hormones into frenzy. I didn't know how long I'd be able to take this. I needed to get a release and I wanted it to be Marshall. My own hands were not cutting it any longer. No matter what, I was longing for Marshall's touch. Craving him to make a move on me...so much so, that I didn't care if it would interfere with our working relationship anymore.

Chapter 10

Something changed in Marshall after a few days in Vegas. It wasn't noticeable in the waking hours, as he was actually becoming quite easy for me to understand and keep up with. The changes occurred during the night time hours, when much needed sleep came. He started to have dreams. They didn't seem like nightmares necessarily, but he'd mumble in his sleep and whimper, sounding like a young boy more so than the in control billionaire. Naturally, the sounds would wake me up immediately and I always looked over to him to see what I could do.

The look on Marshall's face during these haunting dreams captivated me. He looked like a sweet and innocent child, but one that had been hurt by the actions of another. The pain in his voice would grow as his dream intensified. I remembered what he'd told me about his mother being a drug addict, a prostitute, and not a very good mother. I wondered if that was what he dreamt about. Were those memories still that vivid?

During these moments my hands went over to Marshall's back and I would rub it gently, hugging him closely as he slept, hoping that my embrace would let him know that someone was there who did care and would protect him. After the first night of these dreams I wanted to ask Marshall what the dreams were about so badly too, but decided against it in case it would embarrass him. That was the last thing I wanted and knowing that I could provide some sort of comfort to him during them was enough for me.

One night, after Marshall had drifted back off to sleep after an episode I couldn't fall back asleep. I thought about what his childhood must have been like and how much pain it must have still caused him despite his success. Maybe he'd never had the chance to heal or recover from it. My mother had passed away when I was twenty. It had been unexpected and in a car accident, but for Marshall, his mother not only kept him when she was in no condition to be a good mother, but she'd never told him he had a father-a father who may be known as a great eccentric when he was alive, but could have made a difference. It was so selfish and I just didn't understand how someone could do that. Problems or no problems, how could you not look at the man before me now as a small boy and see that he needed you?

The very next night Marshall's nightmare was really bad. He was asleep, but sitting up in bed and I had my arms wrapped around him, hugging him tightly and gently stroking his hair, hoping to provide him some comfort. A tear was trickling down my cheek as I worried about the pain he must be feeling to start having these nightmares so suddenly. He didn't have them the first few nights that we were here in Vegas, only the past three.

Marshall's eyes suddenly opened, looking startled and frightened. He stared at me, trying to process what was going on.

"It's okay, Marshall. Just calm down. I'm here for you," I said, continuing to rub his head and back.

Marshall didn't respond, but I could hear his breathing start to calm and his chest stop pounding. He put his head down and looked away, acting embarrassed that he'd been caught in the nightmares. I wanted him to know that he didn't need to feel that way. I was there to help him.

"I'm here for you, Marshall. I only wish I could stop you from having these nightmares. I'm so sorry you have them." I was aware that more tears were trickling down my cheeks, and I didn't want Marshall to think that I was pitying him, but I wanted him to know that I cared-that someone cared.

"I've had them all the time, even as a child," Marshall blurted. He'd said his words so quickly. He was rushing to get them out and just release the information now that his secret was out.

"And as an adult?"

"Only when I get really stressed out. Maybe it's this merger or something like that. I'm not really sure."

"You need to trust your gut instincts if you have a bad feeling about the merger, Marshall. You've been so busy that we haven't had a chance to talk about it. I've found some things in the paperwork that definitely concern me, making me think it's a bad idea for you."

There was a look of relief in Marshall's eye and he tried to lighten the mood, showing his smile once again. "Well, it appears that I have a free moment right now and I definitely won't be able to fall back asleep. Why don't you tell me what you've learned?"

I laughed. "Okay, I'll tell you everything I know. Even if it is 3 a.m."

Marshall laid back down and rolled over to one side, showing his muscular chest to me and I did the same, plopping my head up on my elbow. I began to unfold everything that I'd been learning about the merger that was a definite concern to me.

I started with the executives that seemed to orchestrate everything for the merger with Silver Fern Productions more than his father, showing that they must have some motive for doing so. I told him that I'd checked into the executives that had done so and all of them except two were no longer with Foothill Studios since Marshall took over, but they were advisors to Silver Fern Productions. This made it pretty clear that they had a financial interest in the merger, something that would profit them. Also, there was no evidence that his father had ever signed any of the agreements for the merger, only his executives. However, there was no agreement or Power of Attorney granting those executives power to do so that could be found. I'd told him how I also had double checked the courthouse records to make sure and there was nothing there either.

As I continued talking, excited to get out all the information I'd found, Marshall looked at me and I could see something changing in his eyes. He was starting to look more relaxed and I perhaps detected a sense of relief. Then a smile came to his face that stopped me dead in my tracks.

"You look so beautiful when you talk business. I can see your passion for it and have no reason to doubt what you're saying, Becca. Excellent work. Now, I suggest we get back to sleep for the few hours of relaxation time we have remaining before another busy day starts."

I didn't really know what to say. Obviously I had loved hearing that I looked beautiful talking business with him and that my passion clearly showed through. However, I was once again surprised at how quickly he could go from one thing to the next. As soon as he wrapped his arms around me and hugged me, I didn't mind his sudden change. His embrace was inviting and it made me feel so good, like he was protecting me the same way I wanted to protect him. At that moment, I didn't feel a sexual urge between us, but a connection between two people who needed to feel wanted...two people who had experienced such pain that getting back to the level of trust and love we both desired, was a struggle we needed to lean on each other for.

Surprisingly, I fell back asleep easily. I really wasn't sure if Marshall did or not because my back was to him as he held me tightly in his arms, resting his chin on my shoulder. Our bodies were molded together and he held me so close like he didn't want to let go. Truthfully, I didn't want him to either.

Chapter 11

Morning came and I was shocked to see that Marshall was still in bed next to me, waking up right along with me. I looked at him and smiled, trying to assess what his mood may be after realizing that I knew his secret last night. I couldn't be sure, but I thought I saw relief in his eyes and that made me happy. I wanted nothing besides the best for him.

"Good morning," I said, smiling. Oh my God. I want to reach over and kiss him so badly right now.

"And good morning to you. I guess I was tired this morning," Marshall said, sitting up and swinging his legs over to the edge of the bed. He turned his head and looked at me. "Thank you for the information last night. I'm sorry I hadn't allowed you to share it earlier."

"I'm glad I've been able to find out what I have so far. I'll keep working on it. I'm sure there's more," I said. I was already getting in business mode. If the merger was what was causing Marshall stress and having to relieve those painful memories in his dreams, then I wanted to be the one to help alleviate that. I just couldn't stand the thought of him suffering from a selfish woman's behavior. It didn't matter to me that she was on drugs or whatever. She made deliberate choices that negatively impacted him. It angered me.

"I trust you. You've actually proven to be quite invaluable to me," Marshall said. I smiled, knowing that those words didn't come easily to him and trust certainly didn't either.

"Thank you. That means a lot," I replied. "Do you have a busy day?"

"Pretty busy and actually starting pretty soon," Marshall said. He sprung up and started to prepare for his day.

"Hopefully it all goes your way," I said. "If anyone can make that happen, it's you."

"Really?" Marshall asked. He turned to look at me and I saw sparks in his eyes. I instantly melted, feeling like he'd just looked right through me and into my mind, seeing what I had been picturing us doing.

"Really," I replied. I tried to sound confident, but for some reason my stomach had butterflies in it. I felt myself getting wet just thinking about what may be going through Marshall's mind. It was easy to do since I had seen him in action before. Try as I might to suppress my desire for him, I wanted him. My body was craving his touch. I had been very patient, but it was wearing thin.

For the first time that I could recall, Marshall let out a carefree and happy laugh. It sounded magnificent and I hoped that I could get him to do that more often. He had such a serious life and deserved to be more relaxed on occasion. He worked so hard, after all.

"Well, I'm not sure when I'll be back around today. Since I'm running late I didn't even get the breakfast order yet, but I'll do that right now. I'll probably have to grab something when I get to my meeting."

"Hopefully it's good. Nobody can eat a bigger breakfast than you, Marshall."

"Yes, I do like to ensure I have enough energy for whatever my day brings me," he said, winking at me. I felt like a piece of ice melting in the hot noon sun-just a puddle of mush from his look.

Twenty minutes later, Marshall was gone and I took a quick shower and then got to work. I was eager to uncover as much information as I could as quickly as I could. Time was ticking away on this merger's deadline and if Marshall was going to back out of it without repercussions he needed to have a lot of reasons to do so. That would save him both time and money from expensive legal battles, a certain last measure if there was the right motive.

Again, the time flew by as I went further and further into my work.

I'd been in the middle of reading through some financial statements for Silver Fern Productions when I was startled by the door to the hotel room opening up. I looked up and saw Marshall standing there, holding a big box. It was only about 11:30, which was pretty early for him to be back from his morning meetings.

"Hi, something cancel?" I asked.

"Just a little change of plans," Marshall said. He was grinning madly, definitely showing that he was up to something in which he was taking absolute delight in. "Follow me," he added. He walked into the bedroom and I followed without bothering to ask why.

Marshall set the box down on the bed and started taking off his business suit. He was so reassured as he changed in front of me, not at all shy about stripping down in front of people. He took off his jacket, then his tie, and his white shirt until he was bare. He had a smoking hot body that practically screamed out to me to touch it...here, there, and everywhere! I was leaning against the door of the bedroom and realized that I was staring at him contently. While my inner voice told me I should be embarrassed, I really wasn't at all. Marshall was just in his boxer's now and I hoped those would be coming off next. I hadn't forgotten about that beautifully endowed cock he sported under them. My stare must have aroused him slightly because I could tell he was hard. Could this be the moment I had been waiting for?

Still in just his boxers, Marshall asked me to come over to the bed and open the box up. I eagerly went over, curious as to what was in it. I unwrapped the large black ribbon and bow on the thick white box and opened it up. I looked down and my jaw dropped. It was a slinky red dress and I lifted it out of the box. It was completely gorgeous and sexy... the type of dress that was meant to be deliciously slipped off at the end of the night. I was instantly aroused by the idea of feeling it going on my body and off it at a later time.

"Marshall, it's beautiful. Thank you so much," I said, not sure if I should give him the big hug I longed to.

"I'm glad. Please try it on."

"Now?" I asked. Marshall nodded his head yes and I smiled. I slowly took off my t-shirt and yoga pants that I'd put on that morning and flung them to the side. Then I smiled at Marshall as he stared at me, his eyes drinking me in. I stood in front of Marshall, wearing only my black lace bra and thong panties. I could tell that my curves were appealing to Marshall as his eyes looked as hungry as mine had just moments before. He didn't say a word for a bit, but just kept staring at me from head to toe, showing that he appreciated what was before him. It felt so erotic to me and so good to be ogled and desired that way from those piercing blue eyes.

"May I dress you?" Marshall asked.

"I'd like that very much," I replied. I stood there and Marshall took the slinky red dress and unzipped the back of it. He told me to step into it and he slowly slid it up my body. The combination of the silky fabric with his sensual touch sent shivers up my body as he slowly slid it on. His hands grazed across my breasts as I slid my arms into the dress and tilted my head forward, lifting my hair up with my hands. Marshall's hands slowly traveled around my waist and then to the back of the dress, where the zipper was. He slowly zipped it up, giving me a gentle kiss on the nape of my neck when he was done. I seriously thought I was going to fall over. It had felt so incredibly hot.

"What now?" I asked, barely able to talk out loud.

"We are going to go out and celebrate today. I want to celebrate what you've discovered for me and also show you off in that dress. You really look most exquisite and delicious in it," Marshall replied.

I turned around and looked at him. His eyes were still smoldering and I made sure he saw that I was giving him the green light to do whatever he wanted with me. "So, I know I'm wearing this," I began. "Are you just wearing your boxer's out, not that I'd complain."

"I think I'd better put a bit more on," Marshall teased back. "Even my money cannot get me into the places I want to take you, in just my boxers. I think you'll be most excited and surprised by our evening too."

"What do you have planned?"

"You'll just have to see. There's no need to take the spirit out of the adventure, is there?"

"No need at all. Just give me a few minutes to touch up my hair and make-up."

Marshall began to get dressed while I went and added a little more make-up. I walked back out to find him wearing a pair of dark jeans that made me want to bite his buns and a black fitted t-shirt that showed every ripple of every muscle on his entire chest and back. He was so unbelievably hot that it practically took my breath away.

Once again, Marshall caught me looking at him and unable to hide what I was thinking about. I smiled and said I was ready to go. He only replied fantastic. I could tell in an instant that he'd left that flirty and passionate side of him behind and was in a more "practical" mode once again. Oh well, I was still looking forward to my surprise, getting out of the hotel room, and being arm candy for Marshall in the sexy red dress he'd bought me. My strappy black heels were a perfect accompaniment to it too

Chapter 12

Marshall and I left the hotel room and made our way down to the lobby. The concierge came up to Marshall and told him that the limousine was waiting for him and he'd contact the driver to pull up. Marshall nodded, thanking the young man and then smiled. The concierge couldn't take his eyes off me, and was being obvious in his staring. It had somehow been amusing to Marshall so I didn't really mind. This was a dress that would bring attention. I'd better get used to it.

It was still early afternoon, definitely not the time to be out and about in the dress that I was wearing. It was clearly meant for the night. Marshall surprised me by taking a drive to the outskirts of town to stop at the Hoover Dam. "I wanted to you to get some sightseeing in, too," Marshall said. "It's a shame you came all this way to Las Vegas, and didn't even get a chance to see anything."

"The Hoover Dam?" I asked. I'll admit that I never would have thought that it would be something of interest to him, but when I asked him about it he told me that it was tall, sturdy, and powerful. He liked that. After his short but apt description it made perfect sense to me why he would too. Then when we actually stopped there, and I stood there, observing all the power surging from the energy created by the dam, I knew why Marshall wanted me to see it. It was a work of wonder, and something that made me appreciate all the hard work and intricacy that went into building something with so much impact and importance.

After a silent while of standing there in my red dress and his casual going out outfit, we headed back into town.

I found out we were going to eat at an eloquent restaurant owned by Sylvain George, one of Marshall's BBBBC friends. I was excited to go and enjoy a lovely and intimate meal with Marshall. The restaurant, Arsenis, was a Mediterranean cuisine restaurant that served everything fresh. It was so beautiful and eloquent inside too, containing both private booths with beautifully embroidered curtains that provided privacy and more open dining areas. We had a private booth that had a window on the back side of it that looked out into the desert that surrounded the entire city of Las Vegas. It was quite incredible.

Marshall asked if he could order for us and I allowed him to do so, finding that I enjoyed a man taking charge of something as simple as ordering for me once in a while. I knew I didn't have much to worry about because he had great taste and Mediterranean food was one of my favorites. All the fresh vegetables, bright colors, and tasty seafood that was in most of it was right up my alley.

We were waiting for our wine to be delivered and nobody other than Sylvain George himself came to the table with it. Marshall introduced us, shaking hands and smiling casually with his longtime friend. I looked at him and was polite, but couldn't help but think one of the requirements for membership to the BBBBC was that the men had to be gorgeous. I'd seriously never heard of or met one that was not an absolute dream. Sylvain's handsome dark looks complemented Marshall's rugged golden boy looks. Together, they were a dream to look at.

After some small talk Sylvain left, commenting that he hoped he would get to talk with us some more later on at Mele.

I didn't want to act clueless in front of him so right when he left I turned to Marshall. "What is Mele?"

"A club that Sylvain owns. It's a member's only club, but quite a bit of fun. It's a place where those of us who are always under scrutiny can let loose without having to worry about repercussions from the media, groupies, and other ilk."

"Sounds fun. I guess I've made it big time, huh?" I joked, smiling widely at Marshall.

"Yes, yes you have," Marshall answered, completely serious. He was so hard to figure out sometimes. I liked to laugh and crack jokes, apparently more often than Marshall though.

The meal didn't disappoint. The food was scrumptious and my conversation with Marshall was tantalizing too. I was so happy to be by him that I honestly couldn't repeat everything we talked about. All I recall is that everything seemed dreamy and suggestive, appealing to the best of all my senses. It felt like the first time that I had Marshall to myself without him being distracted by anything else. It was bliss and only ended when he said it was time to make our way to Mele. Deep down I hoped that Mele meant back at the hotel, in bed, and naked.

As the doorman opened the door for us as we pulled up to Mele, Marshall turned to me and had that mischievous grin back upon his chiseled face. "Are you ready for your surprise?"

"Yes," I said, not realizing that the surprise was more than just the outing itself.

"Good. I think you'll be happy with it," Marshall replied.

We walked into the club and you could hear all the newest dance songs thumping in the background and sounds of laughter coming from behind the next set of doors. They sounded vaguely familiar to me, but I couldn't place it. I found out as soon as I walked through the other set of doors though.

In the back corner of the club was a laughing and spunky looking blonde wearing a trendy bob-it was Sophia! I couldn't believe it and next to her was Mandi. Wow. I hadn't seen either of them for about a year and there they were, in Vegas, at the same time as me. Marshall leaned in and whispered in my ear. "I knew you'd be surprised; however, don't think you are giving them all your time tonight. I want some of you too."

I looked at Marshall and gave him a hug. "Thank you. And for the record, I'm confident that I can save a little something for you too."

Marshall put his arm around my waist and we made our way over to Mandi and Sophia. Sophia's brother Sergio was standing right next to Mandi, looking like a happily married newlywed, and Andre was by Sophia. They'd been dating pretty hot and heavy according to Sophia. I had met the guys a few times, but not a lot.

After our hugs, Marshall reintroduced me to his friends and we all chatted for a bit. The guys got to talking about whatever it was that they talked about and Sophia pulled me aside, ready to talk with me out of their earshot.

"So, it looks like you're getting along with your new boss pretty well, Becca," Sophia said. I blushed a little. She really didn't waste time in getting to the point.

"Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity. It's been quite the experience thus far."

"What type of experience?" Sophia asked, opening her big blue eyes even wider.

"Educational and interesting. I..." My words were interrupted by Marshall, who'd come up with two martinis, handing one off to me.

"Here's a drink for you. What are you in the mood to do?" Marshall asked in the most suggestive voice he could have had at that moment.

"I think I'll get back to Andre," Sophia said, giving me a thumbs up and hustling back to him. Her dress made her look like she was a modern day Marilyn Monroe. Nobody else would be able to pull it off with the same pizzazz either.

I turned to Marshall, smiling and raising my glass in a toast to him. He clanked it gently and I took a sip of the martini. I'd never had one before, but it was so smooth and good. I wouldn't have imagined that a martini would be that way.

"So, as I was asking, what would you like to do?" Marshall said again.

A great song came on and I said, "Dance. Let's dance."

"Ask and you shall receive." Marshall took my glass and set it down at a table and then grabbed my hand, guiding us to the dance floor.

Once on the dance floor there was no talking, just hot and suggestive eye contact followed by even more suggestive dance movements. Our bodies seemed to naturally move to the same rhythm, making every move we made tell a story of our hidden desires. After a few dances we took a break and had a few more martinis. We were sitting at a small table, so close to each other, listening to the animated conversations of Marshall's associates, but not really paying attention. Or at least I wasn't. I couldn't forget the feel of his thigh pressed against mine or the gentle tease of his finger on my inner thigh.

Marshall leaned over to me and whispered, "Let's go out on that dance floor again." Then he nibbled my ear sensually, giving a little bite with his teeth. It sent me reeling. The desire to release what was building up inside of me was only enhanced by the martinis too, making every part of me ache for intimacy with Marshall. I was so ready to have him that I swear I would have let him take me in the bathroom if that's what it took to consummate the deal.

This time on the dance floor our moves were even bolder, our hands roaming each other's bodies and dirty dancing like it was our own brand of foreplay.

As I moved to the music Marshall would lean over me and press the small of my back with his hand, telling me that he could sense how the other men wanted me, but he was going to show them who I was with-him. Then he'd graze his lips across mine, making mine quiver and wish that he'd lingered there just a big longer.

I was experiencing a mating ritual of the most erotic and pleasurable kind. It was a celebration of my desires and Marshall's for me. It was the moment that I'd visualized with him since I first saw him naked in his office, giving multiple orgasms to the actress that had been the lucky one to receive his attentions at that given moment. Tonight was my turn and I couldn't wait. I wanted it so badly.

"Do you think we could continue our party back at the hotel room?" I asked.

Without another words, Marshall took me off the dance floor and nodded to one of the attendants at the door, who seemed to know what he wanted without him having to say a word. I was so flushed and horny that I didn't want to take the time to say goodbye to anybody. Not only did I not want anybody to say anything that might stop the sexual buzz I was feeling at that moment, but I also didn't want to stop Marshall, who finally seemed so willing to open up and give himself to me.

The entire ride back to the hotel involved hands roaming each other aggressively and rough kissing that showed the urgency that both of us was feeling. I groaned, so wet and excited that I couldn't stand it any longer. There was no time to listen to that little voice in the back of my mind that was trying to get me to slow down. I was full speed ahead.

Chapter 13

The limousine finally pulled up to the hotel and Marshall and I got out, making our way into the lobby. I was well aware that my hair was messed up and I had the look of somebody who had either had sex or was ready to.

Marshall and I made our way to the elevator, longing to get in there and away from the prying eyes that seemed to be watching us in the lobby. Once the doors closed and Marshall put his key into the slot for the VIP suites floor we began to kiss once again. He pressed my body against the glass of the elevator, letting his hands gently glide up my thigh to the place that I longed to feel them. I braced my hands on the brass bars that were on each side of the elevator, clutching them to keep my balance and give me an outlet for the intense feeling I had. I was to the point where his touch alone could nearly bring me to orgasm, something that I'd read about, but had never experienced.

"You're so damn beautiful, Becca. I want to get you into that room right now and take you in every place I can find. I need you so bad, but..."

I immediately started to quiet Marshall by unzipping his jeans and sliding my hand in to feel his shaft, stroking it aggressively and not wanting to hear what would possibly come after that but. There were no buts tonight. It was our night and I was ready. I knew Marshall was ready too. This tension had been building for nearly a week now and it was something that demanded exploration.

Through my peripheral I noticed that the elevator door had opened, but then it shut again. Marshall must have realized it too because his long arms reached over and pressed the door open button and it opened again. He took my hand and guided me out of the elevator to the room, which was only two doors down. That was a good thing because I didn't enjoy having his hands off of me. Every place that he'd touched me seemed to leave a tattoo of erotic sensation on my skin. I wanted more and needed more.

Once in the room Marshall and I headed right toward the bedroom. We remained standing while we undressed each other down. I looked at him, my hair now down and beginning to stick to my neck from the intensity of the foreplay we'd just been going through for the last hours. I studied Marshall's naked body, thinking of it as the type of thing that was thought of by a sculptor-a perfect work of art and one that you longed to possess.

Marshall picked me up and laid me down in bed, slowly stroking my entire body, as if he was memorizing every detail of it. I tried to touch him back, but he wouldn't let me, whispering that he just wanted to experience this, and please don't interfere. I didn't. Instead, I felt the passion that was emanating through him through his kisses.

For the longest time Marshall lingered on my breasts, kissing them passionately, making my nipples grow darker and more aroused with each touch of his lips. I'd never experienced such patient and seductive attention to my breasts for such a long period of time. I couldn't believe how much I could sense all the nerve endings in them responding to the kisses, strokes, squeezes, and gentle bites. There was no rhyme or reason to it and the spontaneity and intrigue of what would happen next kept me so alert, making every touch seem more intense.

When Marshall would stop kissing and feeling my breasts he'd slowly go down between my legs and insert his fingers into me. I was so wet and needy. Each movement or flicker of his strong big hands would give me small spasms of utter delight. Then he'd take his finger and slowly trace down my stomach, starting between my breasts and ending just above my hips, blowing on the slight dampness that came from my longing for him. It was so amazing and the change in my body temperature from those cool spots to the rest of me, which was so heated, aroused me further. He knew everything and was showing me things that I'd never thought possible. My body responded like I'd never thought it would.

I could feel Marshall's erect penis pressed against my thigh as he worked his magic all over my skin. He was eager for me and I sensed it was time. He slowly went on top of me and stared down at me. I couldn't take his eyes off of him as he slowly slid toward me, beginning to enter me and give me what I'd been longing for.

It's hard to say what he saw in my eyes, but something immediately changed in Marshall's. He sensed hesitation in me and despite my desires to have him inside of me I knew it wasn't time. That voice of reason in the back of my head had won out.

"I'm sorry. I can't do that yet," I said, hoping Marshall wouldn't be too ticked at me for seeming like nothing more than a tease in that moment.

"It's okay, it's okay," Marshall whispered. "Please let me please you. I want to please you so badly, see that beautiful look in your fiery green eyes as you accept the pleasure I can give you."

I smiled, encouraging Marshall. I did want this and somehow this was acceptable, even if he entering into me wasn't at that moment.

Marshall's lips slowly traveled down my stomach until he reached my loins. He gently grabbed my legs and put them up toward my chest, reaching down and accessing me in the most intimate place with such gentle intensity that I immediately responded, shuddering from a slight orgasm that he gave me with his tongue in a matter of a minute. It was incredible.

I lay there, unable to move and only able to enjoy everything that Marshall did to me at that moment. His tongue would harden and slide in and out of me, creating tingles from its presence inside of me. The next minute it would slide out and he'd aggressively lick me, making me want to scream out from the amazing feelings that it brought out in me.

He was so masterful, showing that he knew exactly how to reach a woman in her most intimate spots with every part of his body. As he kept going I couldn't help but continue to release, having the final explosion when he slid his tongue into me once again, while sliding his fingers into me and wiggling it until I came so hard that I couldn't even say another word.

"How do you feel?" Marshall asked, coming up to kiss me gently on the lips.

"I...I...wow," was all I could get out. I'd just experienced something that I didn't even know was possible. It was at such a higher physically intimate level than anything I'd ever experienced before.

"I'll take that as a you feel great," Marshall said tenderly, moving my tendrils of hair from my face and tucking them behind my ear. He looked so relaxed, happy, and content. It intrigued me, even at that moment of exhaustion, because he hadn't expected anything from me. He had enjoyed giving me pleasure and that meant a lot. In that moment, my heart grew more attached to him once again. I didn't understand how it could happen within the span of a week, but it had and I felt good about it.

"I've had a fantastic day. Thank you so much, Marshall. It's really meant a lot," I said.

"That's good to hear because you deserve it. You've done so much for me," Marshall said.

"But nothing like that," I added, laughing and putting my hand up to his face. Something about that gesture made Marshall flinch a bit, showing that despite how great he'd made me feel he was still carrying his demons around. I pulled away, just patting his hand instead.

"Let's get you to bed. I have a few correspondences to follow-up on before I settle down."

"Okay," I said. My heart sank. I was looking forward to lying naked next to Marshall that night and feeling his naked skin pressed against mine. It was what I had been longing for.

Marshall proceeded to tuck me in like I was a small child and kissed me gently on the forehead. I tried to fight sleep, wanting to be awake when he came back in, but the intense sexual experience, combined with wine and martinis made me lose that battle. I drifted off to sleep.

Chapter 14

I woke up, excited about the last two days that I was going to be in Las Vegas. Marshall and I had really made some progress last night and it was fantastic. I woke up energized and optimistic about how incredible it would be when we took our physical relationship faster. The only thing that wasn't ideal was the voice in the back of my mind warning me to proceed with caution. However, listening to that voice this morning wasn't an option for me.

Marshall was already up when I got up, just like he'd been most mornings. I put on my t-shirt and panties and peaked out into the sitting area of our suite. He was sitting there fully dressed and eating his breakfast.

"Good morning," I said. "You been up long?"

He turned his head and looked at me briefly. "Busy day coming up. I'll be glad when this Vegas week is over. It can be such a drag after a bit," Marshall said.

My heart just dropped at his words and tone. He was back to the Marshall that seemed to be void of any emotion unless it involved work. Damn it! I reprimanded myself for doing something that I knew would set me up for disappointment and undoubtedly, Marshall really wouldn't care.

"Yah, I'll be glad to get back to LA too," I commented.

"When do you expect the summaries of the information on the merger to be done?" Marshall asked, looking at me as if I was one of his peons. Why would he look at me any different way? Now I'm just one of many women who succumbed to him. Just a number, nothing more.

"I had expected to have them done today, but now I'm a day behind. I expect that they should be done by tomorrow, before we leave."

"Some things have come up and we'll be leaving tomorrow. Two days' time will be fine," Marshall said. Then he turned back to his paper, acting as if I was dismissed. I had so many emotions raging through me at that moment. I was as pissed off as I'd been at the restaurant, but I was also more hurt than I'd been in a long time...since Brandon.

I went back into the bedroom, feeling foolish for walking out in my t-shirt and panties. However, I was feeling more foolish for allowing myself to go into that dangerous emotional territory that I'd entered slowly over the past few days. I remained hidden in the bathroom until Marshall left. It didn't take long. He didn't even say goodbye or anything-just walked right out the door without so much as a second thought.

After getting dressed and splashing some cold water on my face to alleviate the puffy eyes I had from a minor breakdown and cry fest I got back to work, reminding me that I was hired to do a job. I wouldn't fail at that. Heck, I'd even go so far as to admit that I had brought everything on myself by allowing me to become vulnerable to Marshall Kent. Ugh!

Work came fairly easily that morning because the project did require 100% concentration as I rounded up the facts and information, starting to put it neatly into a prospectus that Marshall would be able to read to assess everything. Before I knew it I looked up and it was 1:30. I was starving. Apparently Marshall wouldn't be bringing me lunch any longer. I took a break and went down to the lobby of the hotel, deciding to enjoy a meal at the Lux Cafe before getting back to work.

I'd eaten alone before and had never thought twice about it, but eating lunch alone this day was completely different. Not only was I physically alone, but I felt all alone emotionally. No connection to anyone or even possibilities of one in the foreseeable future. I knew it was a pity party, but I couldn't stop the self-doubt and plummeting self-esteem from consuming me.

"Excuse me, would you mind if I joined you?" someone asked. It jolted me right out of my thoughts and I looked up. A younger guy was standing there, wearing a business suit, and he was quite handsome. Despite that, I wasn't in the mood for company and knew that I had to get back to work.

"I'm sorry. I was just getting ready to head back to work," I commented.

"Must be one of those taxing type of days, huh?" he replied.

"It most certainly is," I said. I smiled softly, not having the energy to fake having energy or joy at that moment.

"Well, whatever it is I hope it gets better for you. I wish I hadn't been so late getting here. Maybe you would have said yes," the man said.

"Maybe," I said. I got up and walked away, making my way up to the suite level to get back to work.

That afternoon I was so distracted with sexual thoughts about Marshall and all the skills he'd shown me the night before. My emotions were on a roller coaster. I was ready to slug the guy one minute and just walk away from this job regardless of the consequences. Then the next minute I was ready to admit that I'd toss all that anger aside for another sexual escapade with him. I wouldn't stop it again either. I wanted to hope that he was irate about that, but I knew that wasn't the case. I was grasping and it was fairly pathetic-that much I could see.

I got back up to the room and found Marshall there. It startled me and I looked at him, trying to assess which Marshall I was looking at. It only took one word to see. "I'm sorry I didn't get you lunch. I saw that you were eating at the Lux Cafe. I trust it was satisfactory."

"Yes, very much."

"Did you eat alone?"

"Yes."

"Fine then. Well, now that I know you're back, I must be off."

With that, Marshall, the most frustrating man in the world, was back out the door. How quaint of the boss to check on his employee and make sure she was working hard. And once again, the roller coaster of thoughts about Marshall was back in motion.

By the time night came that evening I was exhausted on every level imaginable. The prospectus had taken a lot of energy and organization, but it was half way done. I'd also determined that I was not going to be the one who sat around, wallowing in pity any longer. It may not be easy, but I was going to go out there and meet a guy-the right guy. Obviously I attracted the wrong guys all too much and it was maybe time to consider some guys that I'd automatically ruled out for one reason or another. Everyone deserves a chance, right? I know that I'd given Marshall another chance, and another, if he wanted it.

Chapter 15

I'd never been so relieved to get back home to LA and away from Marshall Kent for at least a portion of my day. Yes, my work days were still going to be long, but at least I wouldn't have to worry about which part of Marshall was lying next to me in bed-the sexy hunk or the cold business man.

After I stop into the office to settle the billing matters for the project with the accountant, I made my way to the studios, ready for a full day's worth of work and to put together the remainder of the prospectus. I'd be able to proof read it that night and present it to Marshall. It could very well be the end of my need there too and I had mixed emotions about it. On a professional level it would be the loss of a good client and on a personal level it would be good riddance to my latest heartache.

The next few days Marshall kept his distance unless we had to discuss business. That was fine by me. He'd given me additional tasks to do though, showing me that my work with him was not done yet. I couldn't help but notice that every time we did talk business there was still a part of me that responded to him so intensely on a physical level. His perfect body was scorched into my mind and I longed to feel it. If I had confidence that I could keep my emotional distance, I would have just invited the idea of being fuck buddies, but that wasn't possible for me. I knew it and I wasn't going to be fooled again.

After a stress reducing shopping spree one day, I wore my latest find to work. It was a form-fitting dress that showed off my trimmed but curvy figure, perfect for the beautiful LA day that was in store. I pulled up and began walking into the office and ran into one of the newest actors that Foothill Studios had signed, Tyler Jackson. He was a good looking guy with deep brown eyes, full lips, and that type of messy hair that looks absolutely perfect. I casually said "hi" and that started a conversation.

"So, are you Mr. Kent's secretary?" he asked.

"No, not at all. I'm working with him on some projects. I'm an attorney."

"Not an aspiring actress?"

"Nope. Not too good at acting," I replied. I could sense Tyler's eyes scanning my entire body and it was all the affirmation I needed that the new dress was indeed one that could draw some attention.

"Do you get to take lunch?" Tyler asked, his eyes looking first at my face and then my breasts.

"Of course."

"Would you be interested in going across the street to have lunch with me today?"

"That sounds great. Why don't you meet me at the restaurant at 12:30 if that works?"

"I will. Until then, Becca."

Tyler walked away and I paused to look at him for a moment. He had some serious swagger and was such a good looking guy, it was no longer he was Hollywood's next biggest leading man. It'd be fun to have a flirty lunch with him. I turned back around to walk into the office and caught a glimpse of Marshall staring at me from out a window on the second floor. Instinctually I looked down at my watch, wondering if I was on the verge of being late. I wasn't. He was just being...well, Marshall.

Lunch came soon enough and this meal at the restaurant was definitely better than the interview lunch with Marshall had been, despite it landing me the job. Tyler was waiting there with a table reserved by the time I got there.

I soon found myself relaxing and joking with Tyler at lunch. His personality was charming, funny, and so down-to-earth. Really, it was just fun. Tyler's attention and great sense of humor was so appealing to me, making me feel like he wasn't much of a player. He could have played anyone he liked too; there was no doubt about it. We were laughing away and enjoying ourselves.

I'd seen Marshall walk in to the restaurant too, along with a few men in suits that I didn't know who they were. I had smiled and nodded at him, then got back to my lunch date with Tyler or whatever it was called.

Time must have slipped away from me because I saw Marshall walk past me and he had an angry look on his face, not bothering to hide it. I was a very dedicated person when it came to my work and productivity so it bothered me that he did that, but I didn't have much of a choice besides ending my lunch date, which I wouldn't have minded carrying on with.

"Tyler, I'm afraid that I'd better get back to work. I have a lot to do and you've had me laughing so much that I've lost track of time."

"Lucky me," Tyler said. He reached into his pocket and handed me his card. "I'm hoping you'll call me. I'd love to see you again, perhaps after hours when you don't have to get back to work."

"That would be fantastic," I said. "Here's my card too. You're certainly welcomed to call too."

"Are we going to play one of those wait three days and try to act cooler games?" he asked, laughing lightly.

"I hope not. I cannot stand those games, plus I never win them," I said. I might as well be honest. I've certainly got nothing to lose.

"Me either. Why don't we just say Saturday night...dinner and some dancing." Tyler looked at me calmly, staring into my eyes as if he was trying to gauge what I was thinking.

"That sounds great. We can coordinate later in the week then," I said.

"Sounds good," he said. Tyler stood up and leaned in, kissing my cheek. Then he put his hand on my shoulder and said, "Have a great day, Becca."

"You too. Thanks for lunch and the laughs too."

I walked out of the restaurant smiling to myself and happy to have found someone fun at the studios. Then I saw Marshall standing at the entrance, frowning like I'd never seen him frown before. I just kept walking by and said, "Sorry I ran late. I'll stay later to make up for it." I kept walking, not giving him a chance to make a scene at the restaurant, especially with Tyler there. After all, Marshall was kind of his boss and I didn't want him to have trouble because Marshall was grumpy for some odd reason.

I got back to the office and started working. Ten minutes later, Marshall came in and I could see the fire in his eyes. I wondered what had happened. Surely it couldn't have been me running late with my lunch. "What's the matter, Marshall?"

Marshall was pacing back and forth in the foyer that was in front of my working space. He wasn't saying a word, but I could see the veins popping out on his temples and he was clenching his fists together one second and running his hands through his hair the next. "What happened?" I asked again. "Why are you so angry?"

"Am I that disgusting to you? Do you still see me as that arrogant disgusting prick that you'd told off the first time you met me?" His words sounded like they had venom in them, spilling out of his mouth with an evil hiss.

"What? You're not disgusting. You're a gentleman," I answered. I really didn't get what was going on and was wondering if he was having some sort of breakdown. He seemed inconsolable.

"You've never once smiled at me like that or looked at me like that, Becca."

"That? What's that?" I asked.

"That is Tyler Jackson," Marshall said. His jaw was tensed and he continued talking. "You never seem happy or carefree when I'm around. You must really hate me. Is that why you wouldn't let me make love to you?"

"I don't hate you at all and me not wanting us to make love has nothing to do with it. That's something else."

"Something else?"

"Yes, you see I'm still getting over a past relationship..." Apparently Marshall didn't care what I had to say. He interrupted me on the spot.

"But Tyler was appealing, just not me. You're always so distant and aloof with me. Even after we were intimate and in the same room for nearly a week you seem to want me to stay away. You want nothing to do with me. I guess it's because you had your sights set on Tyler Jackson."

"That doesn't make any sense, Marshall," I said. A part of me was really annoyed by this inquisition-one which he had no right to give. I couldn't help but wonder if the jealousy meant that he really did have feelings for me.

"Can you deny that you're attracted to him?" Marshall asked.

"I'll admit that he's better looking in person than on screen. He's always been one of my favorite actors though so I think it's pretty cool to have the chance to go out to dinner with him."

"What! You're going to have dinner with him now?" Marshall asked. He was looking angrier by the second and I was afraid his head was going to explode from that throbbing vein, which I could practically see beating.

"Why wouldn't I? We had a great lunch."

"He's a player. He goes through women like water, you know."

"And you don't, Marshall?" I asked. That was rich, the pot calling the kettle black.

"At least I get to them first. And for your information, Becca, I don't date often."

"I suppose you don't need to. You have a string of women waiting in the shadows for you, ready to give you what you need without any expectations. You fuck like it's no big deal and quite often from what I can tell." You were willing to be one of those women just a few days ago.

"Those women know what they're getting into, that they are a stress relief. They were obliging."

"Unlike me?" I asked. I finally understood what he was getting at and I was so frustrated. Just like I'd feared at first, he was so insecure that he thought me not actually having intercourse with him was a sign of rejection. Little did he know that it was my own insecurities that stopped that from happening, to protect me.

"Is it me? I need to know," Marshall asked. He finally had calmed down and now he looked so sad and distant, not angry and irrational.

"Why? What does it matter to you whether or not it is?" I asked.

"Because I care what you think about me."

"But the other women..."

"...The other women don't really matter. I don't care what they think and their opinions don't hold the same weight that yours do. Ever since you told me off in the restaurant that day and stood up to me, you showed that you were not just a yes person. That meant a lot to me. I find your opinions and judgments more reliable because of it. Becca, what I'm trying to say is...I value you as more than just an employee. I value you as a friend too."

I went from hopeful promise of the words that I wanted to hear, the ones that affirmed that Marshall was crazy for me down to the word friend. Friend was a very ugly word when it came to emotional desires that far transcended the friendship arena. "I value you as a friend too," I managed to spit out. I hid my disappointment and went up to Marshall, giving him a warm hug. "And for the record, you do make me smile. I've always wished you'd smile more."

Marshall had wrapped his arms around me too, hugging me closely. I could hear him breathing in and calculating his words so he'd say them just right. "I didn't always act this serious, Becca. Ask Sophia. We went out a few times. Sergio's also seen me loosen up and have some fun. Even Mandi got to see me relax and have some fun when we were at the Venice Film Festival last fall."

"Why don't you show me that side of you?" I asked. I didn't want to be the one to stress him out. He had enough going on as it was.

"I believe it's all the stress of trying to run this studio, be an executive, and manage all this wealth and responsibility. I wasn't born thinking that I'd have this type of responsibility. I'd always wanted to be an actor and that was just fine for me. I was just like Tyler. I wasn't so..."

"...Arrogant and demanding," I injected.

Marshall laughed. "I prefer to remember that I was simply more fun and trusting. Unfortunately, these days the only person I can trust around here is you. All of the information you've found out has been so helpful, but also raised my awareness that people are out to undermine me."

"Well, you have me here for as long as you need my professional services at least," Becca said.

"Good. I'm starting to run out of little projects to keep you here as much as possible. I know that I'll need you when the merger meeting comes up, but that isn't for a week or so yet."

"I'll be here; ready to help you take care of business in a way that's beneficial for you and Foothill Studios."

"Thanks. I know I can count on you. Really I do, even when I don't show it and act...what were the words...arrogant and demanding."

"I can guarantee you that I am going to get to the bottom of this merger. Even though the prospectus is done there is still more to the puzzle, things that we don't want in that as much as to have for the heat of the moment."

"I like a woman who talks battle. It's kind of sexy."

"That's me, the sexiest friend you ever had," I said. I smiled. I guess being a friend was a start even if it wasn't what I ultimately wanted. I had to start somewhere though and figure out how to help Marshall heal all the anger and hurt he harbored inside of him for so long now. It must be tough and I didn't want to be the one to walk away if I could help.

Marshall leaned back to look me in the eyes. "Thank you for everything, Becca." Then he leaned in and kissed me on the forehead, before announcing that he had to go take a shower and get ready for some meetings.

A half hour later Marshall was out the door and I was all alone in the office, thinking about what he'd said and what I wanted to do to help him heal from that pain. It was obviously holding him back on an emotional level. Suddenly my broken heart from Brandon seemed pretty minor and I knew that I had to get over it before it overtook me.

Marshall's words about Mandi and Sophia seeing that lighter happier side of him got me thinking. I reached out for my cell to call Sophia. I was hoping that we could have a little get together in LA so I could see Marshall open up and relax with people he'd known for a bit longer. It would do me good to see, but more importantly, it would be great for Marshall.

My cell phone buzzed before I could dial and I looked down at it, seeing that it was Sophia. What a fantastic coincidence.

"Hi Sophia. I was just about to call you. What's going on?"

"Lots. First, what's going on with you and Marshall? You two were pretty hot and steamy that night at Mele."

"You don't beat around the bush do you," I replied, laughing.

"Not when I want to know something like that," Sophia countered.

"We had a very fun night and that's about it. Let's just keep it at that," I said, feeling my cheeks flush. We really had put on quite a display for the BBBBCers and anyone who's who within sight.

"Okay," Sophia said. "So, what were you getting ready to call me for? You go first."

"I was hoping that we could arrange a get together in LA sometime soon for everyone, you and Mandi, plus the BBBBC boys. Marshall needs to have some fun and relax a little bit. It'd do him a world of good I believe."

"Well, that's right in line with why I was calling you. Marshall's birthday is on Saturday and we wanted to coordinate a little party for him. We were hoping you'd have his schedule to make sure it would work."

"I don't, but I can get it easily enough. He loves hanging out with his BBBBC friends, knowing he can trust them more than the people around the studio, so I think he'd be up for it. Have them call him casually to bring it up. I'll do the rest," I said.

"Great. This is going to be so much fun and maybe we'll have a chance to chat a bit more."

"We should have it here on the newest set. It would be the perfect spot."

"Oh, I love it! You're good," Sophia commented.

"And afterward, I can grill you about what's going on with Andre. It seems inevitable that you are about to take it to the next level." It seemed that all my friends were finding happiness and great relationships with the men of the BBBBC, but I was the one destined to be the friend.

"Oh, I don't know about that. Not that I haven't suggested," Sophia said, laughing. I always admired her determined spirit and ability to remain so optimistic through all her endeavors. I could learn from that.

After Sophia and I were done talking I already had to call Tyler and tell him that I had to cancel for Saturday because something came up. It was a bit odd to me. I was attracted to Tyler and now that I knew Marshall and I were only friends I had every right to go out on a date with him without feeling guilty. Yet, the thought of causing Marshall more pain than what he'd already experienced in his life was not something I was willing to do either. For this weekend, Marshall's needs won out.

Chapter 16

I was at the office when Saturday came, pretending to work busily, but actually coordinating for the surprise at the set behind the scenes. Thank goodness the stage hand at the set Marshall was at was cooperative. Without him this wouldn't work. The last thing I had to do was get everyone cleared at the front gate. When doing that, I noticed that the slow paced security guard moved with a bit more hustle for me. It cracked me up, but I didn't care. I know it came because rumors started flying around that I was looking through the books of the studio and that made people fear that their jobs were in jeopardy. I really didn't care though. Even if that wasn't true it was a great perk.

Marshall came back to the house for lunch and chatted with me some, talking about how he was eager to go out with the guys later and catch up, asking what I was up to. I know he was hinting about the date with Tyler, but I didn't tell him it had been cancelled. It was a convenient way to ensure that the surprise remained on his birthday day.

"So, you set to hang out with your friends and relax tonight?" I said.

"It's certainly getting easier to relax more than anything else. They all seem to be settling down and starting to behave," Marshall said.

"Same with my friends. I guess it's just the two of us that are free spirits, huh?"

"Hardly words that describe me, but with you, I see it in you," Marshall said. He looked at me and his blue eyes looked so soft and tender. It made me want him so badly. I just couldn't shake that feeling.

"Well, either way it'll be a great day."

"I suppose. Well, back to the set. It's coming along great. You'll have to come see it later."

"I think I will. It'd be interesting to see what all goes into creating one," I said. Yes. He gave me the reason to show up. This is working perfectly.

With that, Marshall left and I made a quick call to Sophia, making sure her end of coordinating all those people was going along well.

I went back to work and before I knew it 2:00 arrived. It was time for some fun. I'd changed into some other clothes at the office that I'd brought that morning. At 2:05 the guard buzzed up, saying that everyone was on their way.

When the limousine pulled up I got into it to find Mandi, Sophia, Andre, Sergio, and Sylvain's smiling faces. They looked as excited as me. Marshall wasn't an easy man to fool and if we pulled this off it would truly be a noteworthy accomplishment.

I walked out onto the set and Marshall waved me over and smiled. I saw the stage hand that had been helping me in the corner and nodded to him. He went right into action. I walked through the door and was followed by everyone else, who all shouted out, "Surprise!" at the same time.

Marshall's face showed that he clearly was surprised. Everyone on the set, along with us, began to sing Happy Birthday to him and he looked a bit embarrassed by the attention. It was definitely an emotional response that I'd never seen in him before. I couldn't quite place it.

Within minutes, everyone had the champagne, appetizers, and a large cake was wheeled out, making it a full out surprise party on the set. I noticed Marshall seemed awkward though, as if he didn't like being exposed to people at the studio. I looked at it differently though, believing it would be great for them to see what a special guy he was and how much those closest to him cared about him.

Marshall stayed close to me during his party and I could tell that he'd liked my dress choice, although that hadn't been my original intent with it. I was really just thinking of a fun party dress. He whispered, "I cannot help but enjoy sitting next to such a beautiful woman on my birthday."

"Thanks Marshall. I really want today to be special for you."

"Is anyone else coming?"

"In a bit, there'll be some other people dropping by to say hello. Not too many though, as I knew that you really can't relax when too many people are around. This is your birthday. I want you to enjoy it."

"Will you be staying for the entire party, Becca?"

"Why don't you just ask me what you seem so curious to know?"

"You're being stubborn. Fine, I will ask. Are you still going out with Tyler tonight? If you are, I'd suggest you wear something a little less...appealing."

"Like a turtle neck sweater?" I replied, laughing.

"Yes, that would be brilliant," Marshall said.

"I cancelled that date to coordinate your party."

"Suddenly this party doesn't seem so awkward then. I can put up with the surprise thing, which I truly was by the way, in order to keep you safe from the shark that I've brought to this studio."

"How heroic," I said. I looked over by the entrance then and saw a few people that we'd invited. They were also BBBBCers and other acquaintances of Marshall's that I didn't know formally. He went over to greet them and as soon as he slid out, Sylvain slid in.

Sylvain hadn't been around a lot in Vegas so I hadn't gotten a chance to talk with him at all. He sat down and started talking casually, apparently remembering me.

"If I recall, you were drinking martinis that night in Vegas," Sylvain said.

"Yes."

"Shall I get you one?"

"I'll stick to champagne. The martinis were very tasty, but they went right to my head."

"Yes, I recall," Sylvain said. He made me feel a bit embarrassed, knowing that he must have been one of the people that witnessed Marshall and my hand fest on the dance floor. I figured that I'd better play coy back and quickly too.

"That was a once in a lifetime experience for me. Incredible, but no need to repeat."

Sylvain seemed to accept my statement and immediately turned to more friendly conversation. We were talking about clubs and what it took, actually discussing business and I got the feeling that there may be a need for a business relationship there. I'd have to keep that in mind when I was done with all of Marshall's projects.

Every once in awhile Marshall would come up to me and whisper something in my ear, making me laugh. He was acting like a protective older brother, ensuring that nothing that I didn't want to happen was going on with Sylvain, reminding me that he was another man who appreciated women for a night at a time rather than for any length of time. I whispered in his ear, "I'm beginning to think all men are that way."

"Stop," he whispered back. Then before he could do anything else or sit down someone would be coming up to him and distracting him.

Sophia and Mandi came up and the three of us went to stand outside and talk in privacy a bit. It felt great to be by them again and everything seemed like it had a few years back for a brief moment. Or at least the topic was the same-men.

"I trust everything is going good with Marshall," Mandi said. She looked so happy and I could see that being in love suited her perfectly. She was lucky.

"It's going as good as it can be for friends," I said.

"Friends? Come on," Sophia said. "He is all over you and can't take his eyes off you. I've never seen him be so attentive to a woman the way he is to you. It's definitely more than friendship."

"Not according to him," I replied. "He stated it pretty directly and Marshall's not really the type of guy to mix words."

"In this case, you're wrong," Sophia continued.

"I have to agree," Mandi added. "He is definitely drawn to you and everyone can see it."

"Sometimes I think he is, but then he distances himself. It's way more than I want to deal with; especially after Brandon."

"Brandon was a fool. Marshall isn't. He's just confused," Sophia said.

"I think Sophia's correct. Sergio did the same thing to me and once he came to terms with everything in his mind things changed in an instant. Now it's effortless," Mandi said.

"Well, I won't hold my breath waiting for that," I said, laughing. Deep down I was hoping Mandi was right. I knew that's what I wanted, but I wasn't about to let it show since Marshall wasn't on the same page as me when it came to our emotional connection.

We continued chatting for a bit, watching the DJ come in to the party to set up some music. When the music started we all headed back in, knowing that we'd been away long enough.

I was no sooner in the door when Marshall came up to me. "Is everything good?" he asked.

"Yes, just talking with my friends. It was great to catch up with them."

"Is there anything you need, Becca?"

"I'll take a refill on the champagne, I guess, but it's your party and I should be waiting on you," I offered.

"If it's my party I should do what I want and right now I want to take care of you," Marshall retorted.

"Well, far be it for me to argue with the boss," I said, laughing.

As soon as Marshall left, Sylvain came right up to me and asked if I wanted to dance. At first I said no thank you, but he was insistent. I agreed to one song.

On the dance floor the music was fast and it was fun to move around a bit. I was starting to feel the champagne and hoped this would help wear off that slight buzz I sensed was coming. Then it turned to a slow song and without thinking twice about it, Sylvain pulled me into his arms and we began to slow dance.

"You really are so beautiful and sexy, Becca. You know that though, don't you?"

"That's a bizarre question to ask," I said, not willing to answer him directly. I knew that men were always drawn to me, but I didn't necessarily flaunt it; or did I?

"Not really. I can see why Marshall enjoys having you work for him. Hopefully I can persuade you to come help me with some legal matters."

"Sure, set up an appointment at my office and I'd be glad to get over there or send an attorney from the firm who might be more equipped for your line of business than I am."

"Aloof...interesting."

"Not really. I..." My words got cut off by Sylvain suddenly being yanked away from me. I saw that it was Marshall and he was raging mad.

"Leave her alone!" Marshall shouted. Before Sylvain could even respond Marshall went off and smacked him one across the jaw.

"Marshall, stop it," I shouted. "He's not doing anything wrong."

Marshall's disruption had cleared the makeshift dance floor in an instant and Sergio and Andre were at his side, pulling him away from Sylvain, who was still on the floor trying to figure out what had just happened to him. There was a trickle of blood on his lip, which must have cracked from the unexpected punch.

I stood there, shocked and embarrassed by the scene, and Sergio and Andre pulled Marshall away, making him go outside for some fresh air.

Sylvain got up and had a flock of people tending to his needs. His jaw was bruised, but I sensed his ego was even more so. It really had been unwarranted by Marshall and I couldn't help wondering what his angle was. As a friend he shouldn't be so agitated if I chose to date or dance with someone. It really wasn't his business, plus I'd had Sylvain in control. He was good looking, but I wasn't interested in him in any other way than just a friend-a legitimate friend.

* * *

"Marshall, what the hell is wrong with you?" Sergio asked. "You're acting like an irrational fool."

"I don't know. I just had too much to drink I guess." Marshall rubbed his hands through his hair, acting as confused about his actions as everyone else had been.

"Look, I'm going to state the obvious," Andre began. "You obviously have it bad for Becca and you'd better just admit that before you go off the deep end. Stop being so damn stubborn, thinking that you can never love anyone again. Go for it. You take risks with business all the time and succeed. Risking it with Becca seems to be a safer bet. It's obvious that you two are nuts about each other."

"You're wrong. She's just a friend and very valuable to me. I don't want to see her get hurt by anybody," Marshall said.

"Or let anyone else have her apparently," Sergio added.

"Well, if you two will excuse me, I have to go make amends with Sylvain for clocking him one. Hopefully he doesn't want to clock me back. He's a strong bastard."

"I'm sure you'll be fine, not that we could blame him if he wanted to," Sergio said.

"Just remember-stop acting like a caveman and get your act together," Andre added.

Marshall turned to look at the two and walked back in to his party, feeling a bit foolish about what he'd just done.

* * *

"I cannot believe that just happened," I said, looking at Sophia and Mandi. I was so confused and honestly, getting more concerned about Marshall's mental stability. He was so on and off constantly, making it hard to gauge what was going to happen at any given moment. There was good spontaneity and then there was the bad kind-what he'd just done to Sylvain definitely fell into the bad kind.

"If he'd just stop denying that he's in love with you, things like that wouldn't happen," Mandi said.

"And Mandi's talking from experience about that one," Sophia said.

"What do you mean, Mandi?" I asked.

"Sergio did the same thing and I went back to New York early from Italy. Leroy had given me a ride back and we were...well...starting to get intimate and he finally came in and confessed. It had been driving me crazy too. I have a hunch that Marshall's pulling a Sergio," Mandi said.

"Maybe, but he's just a friend to me," I said. There was no way I was going to get my heart stomped on by Marshall, especially if he wouldn't just come clean with what he was feeling if it was more than friendship.

The rest of the party was fun and rebounded back into a lively celebration, but I couldn't help but be distracted by what had happened. It was so confusing and I just didn't get it. I knew that I was not going to be a part of games like that. I wasn't good at playing them.

The party ended with plans for all of us to get together at Marshall's house on the studio lot on Sunday for some fun. It sounded like a nice plan, but I had to make sure I was home early and well rested. Monday would be the day the merger was supposed to take place and I still had a few hunches to follow-up on before that meeting; particularly since it was to take place in the morning.

Chapter 17

Sunday afternoon came quick enough and I was enjoying hanging out by the pool that was in the back of Marshall's house at the studio. The day was bright and sunny, making the temperature relaxing and ideal. My mind was already a bit distracted with the merger meeting tomorrow, hoping that I'd done everything I could to give Marshall an out if it was in his best interests, which it was. Thankfully he agreed with that too. That didn't mean it would be easy to just cancel it on the spot.

Marshall and I were friendly, but kept kind of a curt distance from each other. I suspected that he'd been getting harassed about our decision to be friends as much as I'd been. Mandi and Sophia just didn't understand that was the way it had to be-it was what was best.

"You know what I'd like...a glass of wine," Sophia said. "Do you know where the cellar is Becca?"

"Yeah, let me take you down there so you can pick some out," I said. "I could go for a glass of wine myself. Sounds perfect."

Sophia and I made our way down to the cellar and Mandi said she'd come along for the walk. She wanted to see what Marshall's well supplied wine cellar looked like. Sergio had said it was fabulous.

Marshall smiled at us as we walked past and Sophia asked if he could come and help make sure that she picked out a bottle he was okay parting with. He had no problems agreeing to do so. From past conversations I'd learned that there were a few bottles that he was very attached to and not willing to open.

As we made our way to the basement of the house where the cellar was located it took me a bit to adjust my eyes. The sun had been so bright and it was dimly lit in the basement, with only shadows of lights from outside providing light.

"Marshall, I've heard great things about your wine cellar. Thanks for letting me see it," Mandi said.

"Me too. Do you have any Petite Syrah's?" Sophia asked.

"Indeed. They're in the back corner," Marshall said.

We got to the wine cellar and Marshall opened the door, walking in first to turn the light on.

"After you," Sophia said, holding her arm out to me.

I walked in and didn't think much about it until I heard the door slam. Marshall and I turned around and saw that we were now alone in the wine cellar with no Mandi or Sophia in sight. The lock on the outside door clicked.

I ran to the door and pounded my fists on it. "What are you guys doing? Open up the door."

Marshall chuckled. "I think that we've just been set-up. Very clever. Did you have anything to do with this?"

"What? Are you kidding me? No, I didn't have anything to do with this. Those guys have just been so stubborn, thinking that we should be more than friends. They just won't leave it alone."

"It must be a tag team effort then," Marshall commented. "I'm getting the same suggestions from Andre and Sergio, not Sylvain though." Marshall was smiling at me, showing that he did indeed feel a bit foolish for his outburst last night.

"Well, I say that we show them that we mean what we say. I'm determined to win this battle."

"Very persistent, I like it. So, we're here for a sit-out until they finally free us, are we?" Marshall said. His eyes lit up at the challenge too. I guess we were both pretty stubborn when it came to others trying to dictate what we should do.

There was no place to sit in the wine cellar so Marshall and I sat down on the cold floor. I only had on a tank top and a pair of shorts and the cold feel of the stones and concrete instantly took away the warmth of the sun outside. I started shivering.

"Not really an ideal climate for shorts and a tank," Marshall commented.

"You're not kidding. I'm freezing."

"Come closer," Marshall said. He held his arm out, and I scuttled over, nestling myself closer and instantly enjoying the warmth of his body. Not surprisingly, I also began to instantly enjoy the feeling of his muscular body pressed against mine too.

"I seriously cannot believe they did this," I said, looking up at Marshall.

He was smiling, looking down at me. "Have you ever seen those shows about how they stop hypothermia from setting in?"

"I think so. They take all their clothes off and rely on body heat, don't they?"

"Indeed they do, not that I'm suggesting we do that...unless it's necessary."

Just the way Marshall said that made me instantly wet. His words were so suggestive and kind of rugged, turning the chilly wine cellar into a place where a great sexual adventure could take place.

"How long do you think it takes for hypothermia to set in?" I asked, knowing full well it wouldn't, but intrigued by the thought of pretending it would.

"Within minutes I've heard," Marshall said.

"Now I'm scared. We've been in here for at least ten minutes."

With that, Marshall leaned over and began to kiss me hungrily. I could feel his tongue entering into my mouth and my response to his passionate kiss. I wanted him so badly and I was glad to give the victory to Sophia and Mandi in exchange for experiencing all of Marshall in that cellar. It would be well worth it.

The next thing I knew, both Marshall and I were standing up and I was peeling my tank and shorts off as fast as I could. Marshall took over then, unlatching the clasp of my emerald green bra and groping my breasts as it slid off of me. Then his hand roamed down to my panties and slid between them and my skin, caressing me until I was even wetter and sliding his fingers in and out. I groaned in response, instantly feeling a climax starting to rise within me just from his urgent touch.

I couldn't wait any longer. I wanted to see Marshall naked and explore his beautiful body with my hands and mouth. I slid my panties down and began to pull his t-shirt off and unbuttoned his shorts, sliding them off with his boxers in one swift motion.

Marshalls' hard-on was so impressive; I longed to take him in my mouth as I'd dreamt of the first day I saw him in his house. I went down to my knees and did just that, slowly sliding my lips over his erection and feeling it slide down to the back of my mouth. Marshall groaned, as I tasted him deep within me. Every time I took of him in deeply led to a more aroused state within me.

"Becca, oh my God, Becca," Marshall moaned.

I began to slide my tongue up and down Marshall's shaft, making sure that I tasted every bit of his massive size. I'd never received such pleasure from giving head before and I couldn't believe how much more aroused it made me. Every one of my nerves was alert and involved in the pleasure of giving that I was providing Marshall at that moment.

"I want to come. Please let me come in you," Marshall pleaded.

"I want that too," I said. Marshall knelt down and lay on his back, gently guiding me on top of him and he slid into me with no resistance. I began to rock back and forth, feeling Marshall's cock reach to the deepest parts of me, making my aroused state continue to escalate. He groaned, his hands grabbing my buttocks and pulling me closer to him, pushing me to increase my speed as he thrust upwards to meet my speed. It felt so good and so right, better than anything I could ever recall.

Marshall's hands reached up and grabbed my breasts, pinching them and caressing them as I came closer to climax. His fingers then went to touch and rub me from below until I wanted to explode. Finally I couldn't wait any longer and my back arched as I came aggressively, forcefully, releasing all of the sexual energy that I'd built up for Marshall over the past weeks in one defining moment. Just as I finished I looked at Marshall to see that he was staring at me with those intense blue eyes and beginning to come in me, his eyes filled with such pleasure and pain at the same time that there were unshed tears in them. He was emotionally and physically moved by our lovemaking as I was. It felt so good, so necessary, so wonderfully loving, unlike what I thought it would be like.

I collapsed down on to Marshall and began to kiss him, now oblivious to the chilliness of the cement and stones. All I could feel was the intense heat from what I'd just experienced. It was hands down the best sexual experience I'd ever had, including the masterful attention that Marshall had paid to me in Vegas on that night.

"Wow," Marshall said.

"Yep, that sums it up," I said, smiling. "I think I like being your friend."

"You're the best friend I've ever had," Marshall said, pulling me closer again and caressing my cheek. "You're okay with this?"

"Yes, I am. I wanted this Marshall and I wish I wouldn't have held back last time. I've regretted it ever since."

"You have?" Marshall asked, sounding surprised by my confession.

"You are a beautiful, sexy, and smart man. There's nothing not to desire about you."

"Really," Marshall said.

"Yes," I said. I slid my hand down, wanting to feel his firm body and noticed that he still had an erection. "So, are you ready to go for it again?"

"I think I can manage it," Marshall smiled.

From that moment on, we found ourselves exploring every detail of each other's body, fucking in every way we could think of and going until we'd collapse from exhaustion. We were insatiable for each other, having denied ourselves this desire for so long.

"Becca," Marshall said, "I dreamed of touching you and fucking you since the first time I saw you standing there in my room."

"I wanted you to, so badly, Marshall," I said, rubbing my cheeks against his chest. I kissed his stomach and then his chest, licking his nipple until he groaned and grabbed me to turn me on my back. With a roar, he plunged into me, thrusting in and out until I was crying out his name and almost digging my nails into his back, we both climaxed so hard at the same time, we'd doze off afterwards and then start it all over again a little later.

It was hard to say how much time had passed, but suddenly Marshall was nudging me awake. "Becca, it's nearly 11 p.m."

"Oh my gosh," I said, snapping out of the bliss that I'd just experienced for a great many hours. "The merger meeting!"

"We'll be okay. You've done all your homework and the rest will fall into place," Marshall said. "I have complete confidence in you." He leaned in and kissed me, instantly calming my anxiety.

"I hope that cellar door is unlocked now. All my...exercise...has made me hungry and exhausted." I smiled, winking at Marshall. Thankfully the door was unlocked. We quickly got dressed and made our way upstairs to see that everybody was gone. In the kitchen there was a note on the counter. It read:

Marshall and Becca,<br/>

"I think we should go for the gusto and do it at the meeting. I want to see their faces when they realize that we've found out their agenda; plus my security guards can be there to escort them off the property."

"Okay, that's the plan then," I said.

Three hours later, we were sitting in the conference room at the office and four very uncomfortable Foothill Studio executives were sitting next to an attorney and two other very uncomfortable executives from Silver Fern Productions.

I just sat there, not having to say a word. I had just handed a document to everyone when Marshall referenced it. It was exciting watching them squirm, and I was glad to see them get busted for what they'd attempted to do. It served them right.

The attorney for Silver Fern Productions and the Foothill executives said that he'd be starting legal repercussions for backing out of the deal immediately. It was clear that he didn't want to get busted for helping a shifty deal take place and was covering himself. The executives looked at him, clearly indicating that he'd better sit back down.

"Can I have a few minutes with my clients," the attorney asked.

"Certainly," Marshall replied. Marshall and I got up and went out into the hallway while they talked.

"I'd love to hear what they're saying in there," I said.

"Trying to save face. Something like this getting out in public doesn't work well in this industry. They'd never work again if they were found out. All of them are too young for retirement yet."

The attorney opened the door and gestured for us to come in. We sat back down and he began to state demands like he'd just won. "We need a severance package of twelve months pay with full benefits for the Foothill executives and a non-disclosure agreement of the details of this failed merger for everyone. Deal?"

Marshall turned to me. "Becca, why don't you handle this?"

"I'm afraid that won't work. We clearly have a case here that shows ill intent and deceit. If anything, all of you should be covering the legal expenses that came with this entire merger and the research of its validity. I believe that you'll be content with an agreement of silence so your clients, the former executives of Foothill Studios, will have a chance of working in the movie industry again. Plus, there will also be a silence agreement against any hostile talk or mention of disdain against Marshall Kent and Foothill Studios."

"Why, that's preposterous," the attorney stated. I could tell that he saw his hefty commission slipping away.

"You have five minutes to decide. Take it or leave it and we'll see where things fall," I said. I stared at him and he looked to the eyes of his five clients and they all looked back at him, communicating with the fear in their eyes.

"You have a deal. Have the document to my office by morning."

"Actually, I have it here right now so you can take this and read it, have your clients sign it, and then have it back to us by morning. If we don't receive originals by 10 a.m. we'll take that as a sign of forfeiture and begin legal proceedings."

I got the last word, nobody else said anything else. The attorney and his clients filed out of the room like they were children who had just gotten reprimanded by the teacher. Marshall watched them with a coy smile on his face.

The second they were out the door he ran up to me and hugged me tightly. "You are one beautiful, smart, and brilliant woman. That was amazing. Couldn't have done it better myself."

"Thanks. My heart is pounding like crazy. I've never done anything like that before. It felt pretty good."

"It was amazing. I hope I'm never on the receiving end of it," Marshall laughed. "Now, it's time to celebrate. Nothing else matters today. You've saved me millions, perhaps billions, and my studio. What would you like to do?"

I pretended to think about it, knowing exactly what I wanted to do. "Well, I've seen your wine cellar now and was quite impressed with it. I was wondering what your bedroom looked like?"

Marshall laughed, not wasting a moment to sweep me up in his arms and carry me from the office all the way to his house behind it and up to his room. He threw me on the bed, stripped down, and introduced me to a new day full of exciting sex with him. He was by far the best friend I'd ever had, and I was going to enjoy this friendship for all it was worth.

Chapter 19

That night, as our celebration wrapped up, and Marshall and I were lying there, and we'd eaten some food and were just talking, winding down from an incredible day, I could tell something was on his mind. "What are you thinking about?" I asked, running my fingernail down the curves of the six packs on his chest.

"I have a confession," Marshall said. I looked at him, hoping that things weren't going to suddenly get crazy again. Yet, something in his eyes seemed so relaxed that I knew I didn't have to worry.

"Confess away then," I answered, sitting up a little more.

"Well, that day when we had our interview you immediately intrigued me. I could tell that you were more than just smart and that you didn't just settle for anything. It was so new and refreshing to me that I did a little research."

"What do you mean...research?" I asked.

"Well, after you stormed out of the restaurant and I watched you cross that busy street in a huff I just had to know more about you. I called Sophia and asked a lot of questions."

"What type of questions?"

"I wanted to know about your relationship status. She told me about the guy who'd hurt you pretty badly, and how it had really messed with your emotions, even your judgment of a good guy from one who could be a real jerk."

"Oh, okay," I replied. I couldn't complain about that because I'd certainly done my best to find out a lot of information on Marshall myself. It was my way of trying to get a grasp on his unique and strong personality.

"I also learned that you tend to like guys that are harder to get. You're used to getting a lot of attention from men, and that seemed to bore you. You're a woman who likes a good challenge."

"Is that why you've been putting me through the ringer with some of these things?" I asked.

"Well, a bit," Marshall said, shrugging his shoulders. "I just didn't want you to automatically rule me out if I seemed too interested."

"And that had nothing to do with guarding your own emotions?" I replied. I was smiling. It was actually very sweet and enduring to me.

"Well, of course that was a benefit. With everything I do I must see some sort of benefit. That's just me."

"And one of the things I absolutely admire in you," I replied.

Marshall smiled, tucking my hair behind one ear before continuing to open up to everything that was on his mind at that moment. "I also want you to know that I am willing to wait for you in a physical sense if that's what you're comfortable with. I understand."

"Well, it's a bit late for that, wouldn't you say? We've already gone beyond that point, I'm happy to say." I knew that Marshall was trying to show that he was reasonable and wouldn't jump to a bad conclusion if I said no to intimacy. It was such a kind gesture and certainly a sign that he was trying to open up to me more. I leaned in to kiss Marshall and replied. "I'll let you know if I think we need to take it slower in the physical arena. You let me know the same too, okay?"

"I don't think you'll be hearing any suggestions from me. I find you rather refreshing and arousing, my lovely Becca."

"I just don't want any games. Whatever is going to happen needs to be real because I can't stand the games. I've always tried to avoid them...not that it's always worked."

"Deal. I'll try the same," Marshall said before adding, "This is scary ground, you know?"

"I know."

"Will you sleep over? In the morning I can take you to get some clothes. But I really want to be with you, be close to you. Why don't we take a few days off? I have a beach house at my disposal from a friend. Sounds good?"

"I think I can manage that."

"Excellent," Marshall said. With that, the two of us fell asleep in each other's arms and woke with the first light of day. I hadn't felt better than what I did at that moment in a long time.

Chapter 20

I couldn't deny it. I was excited to have a few days with Marshall all to myself away from everyone else's prying eyes. It was a real chance for us to get to know each other better in every way.

The beach house didn't disappoint either. It was fantastic and gorgeous, located just off the Coast Highway in Malibu. It was all white, with sliding doors that opened up to allow the air from the nearby ocean in. Everything was meticulous, beautiful, and relaxed eloquence. This was the type of place I could get used to. I was so curious about who owned it, but all Marshall would say was a friend in response. I decided to leave the subject alone.

I looked out the back balcony on the second floor, which overlooked a private beach. There were no neighbors in sight and I was impressed with the privacy that this house offered. It was something pretty rare to find in the area and whoever owned the house had definitely found a rare property.

"The sun feels so great," I said. "I suggest we relax in a bit and enjoy this beautiful day, Marshall. What do you say?"

"Whatever you like. Let's get changed."

"I don't need anything else," I said, slowly peeling off my sundress and sandals, showing that I just had some panties on underneath it. "This is how I plan on laying out. Those tan lines can be so bothersome, don't you think?"

"Just another sign of your brilliance," Marshall said, staring hungrily at my breasts.

We went out onto the balcony and lay down, bringing only our bodies and suntan oil with us.

"Let me get your back," I said. I straddled Marshall, rubbing the oil into his skin and giving him a slight massage while doing so.

"That feels so good," he mumbled, his head half buried into the lounge chair.

"I couldn't agree more. We'd hate for you to get burned, wouldn't we?"

"Indeed," he said.

I rubbed the oil in deeply and kept working my way down, kissing his sexy and hard butt as I went down. I gave it a little nibble and growled, causing Marshall to jump a bit and me to laugh. "Now that I know you like to bite, Becca, that's given me some ideas."

"Hmm...can't wait to see what you have in mind," I replied, climbing off of him and going over to my own chair.

I started to apply the oil to my front side and Marshall had his head turned watching me. I was giving him a mini erotica show right there on that balcony and enjoying the liberated feeling I had doing it. I'd never felt sexier or more desired. It was amazing how that feeling made me more adventurous and willing to do things that I might normally be reserved with.

As I massaged the oil on my breasts and slowly slid my hands down further, Marshall whistled, adding, "Show me more," after it. And I did.

I slowly slid my fingers into me and began to move them back and forth, making myself more aroused by the minute. The oil on my breasts being kissed by the ocean breeze made them very alert and I slowly pleasured myself to climax with my right hand while my left hand massaged my breast, my fingers working and rubbing my nipples in a circle to peak hardness. I reached it up to my mouth and licked it as I came. It felt so great, but better yet, it gave me the reaction I was really hoping for.

Marshall came over to me and pulled me up and took me over to the railing where I put my hands out and leaned forward, thrusting my butt out in front of his hard erection. From behind me, Marshall thrust into me and grabbed on to my hips. He moved back and forth forcefully, reaching deep into me, twisting his hips, and causing such a sensation in me, causing me to explode into a shattering climax. His moves grew quicker and I kept coming, not able to stop the bliss I was feeling. Then in a single intense thrust, Marshall stiffened and whispered, "It's time."

He exploded and then leaned in to me, whispering in my ear. "Becca, I can honestly say that I'm speechless. That was the sexiest damn thing that I've ever seen, very arousing."

I smiled. Marshall sounded winded and dumbfounded. I enjoyed being able to give him that reaction. "I knew that it would be fun to lie out in the sun. The only problem is now I'm all full of oil. I think I need a shower."

"How about that? Me too," Marshall said.

We went into the bedroom and Marshall started the shower. It was a huge walk-in shower with jet streams that came out of the wall. There was also a little bench there. Marshall must have decided that it was his turn to take over. I wasn't going to complain either. He grabbed the shampoo and gently started to massage it into my scalp, cleaning my hair and then rinsing the shampoo out of it. Then he took a loofah and some liquid body soap and began to clean my body, sitting me down on the bench while he did the front side.

Marshall moved so slowly and carefully, gently touching each section of my body. It gave me chills because it was such an intense touch, charged with emotion and sexual energy. As he made his way down my body he slowly kissed each part that he'd just washed and made me feel so incredible. When he got to my feet he slowly began to nibble each one, making a rush of adrenaline travel through me. It tickled some, but at the same time it was so highly arousing and something that I'd never experienced before. It felt incredible. My hands were gripping the bench tightly, trying to control my urge to touch him. I wasn't supposed to upon his request, but it was driving me crazy.

After I was cleaned up I began to wash Marshall's body, using my hands and the soap. I roamed every inch of it, teasing him in his most private places with my pinky. He shuddered, showing a combination of shock and definitely a bit of awe. My breasts were pressed against his back and I was kissing him softly, whispering that he was so desirable and sexy in between kisses. Marshall breathed in and I could feel how relaxed he was with me, willing to accept anything I may want to do. It was empowering and there was so much that I wanted to do, but I didn't want to do it all right away. A little playful flirting and teasing would do just the trick for building up to a night time finale that would leave my toes curled.

By the time dinner rolled around Marshall was ready to impress me with his culinary talents and grilled us some steaks and baked potatoes for supper. It was fantastic and the bottle of wine he had to accompany it hit the spot. I kept being suggestive and playfully flirty and found out that Marshall liked that game all too well and was all too good at it too. He did the same and before I knew it I could practically feel my hormones bouncing around inside of me, demanding to be relieved.

We took a walk on the beach, just holding hands and laughing away about silly things, not having a care in the world. For some reason, Marshall suddenly brought up what my dad would think about all this and I answered honestly, saying he'd be freaked out. He laughed, saying that he was a smart man. He should be. Then he picked me up and tossed me over his shoulder and ran into the ocean water. I could feel the freezing cold drops splashing against my skin and I screamed.

"I think I'll throw you in. You need to cool off, you little vixen," Marshall said.

"Don't you dare," I protested. Marshall began to swing me back and forth in his arms like he was getting set to launch me. "No, no," I pleaded.

"3, 2, 1, and launch," Marshall said, tossing me. Only I was quick enough and I grabbed his shirt and got a good hold of him. I went plunging into the water, followed by Marshall. We were both laughing so hard as we wrapped our arms around each other and began to kiss. It was slow and deliberate, heating me up in the cold evening water. I put my hand down and unzipped Marshall's beach combers, letting him spring to life. Then I lifted up my dress and hiked myself into his arms, sliding onto him. We kissed and fucked with Marshall holding me up in his strong arms, moving within me up and down.

A larger wave than what was expected crashed into us and we topped over with me landing on Marshall. We just kept moving, as if that wave was just a part of the natural sequence of our intimacy. I stared at Marshall as his head was in the sand and bits of water were splashing up. The waves didn't slow us down, but fired both of us until we were quickening our pace, panting hard and out of breath until we both came again. This time it was more intimate and tender than the others had been. It was more vulnerable, more loving.

Afterward, Marshall looked at me from beneath me. He placed his arms behind his head and just stared at me. I stared back and neither of us said a word. We just studied each other. I wondered what he was thinking and wished that I could tap into his mind and just hear his thoughts and see what he saw for just one brief moment. I'd understand him so much better.

Eventually we got up and made our way back to the beach house. We were full of sand and soaking wet, using the outdoor shower to clean off before going into the house. My body was shot at that moment and I yawned.

"Let's get some sleep. You never know what adventures await us tomorrow," Marshall said.

"I think that's a great idea," I replied.

We crawled into bed and I fell asleep quickly. I woke up in the morning, remembering a dream I'd had where Marshall was just staring at me. Was it really a dream or did it actually happen? I didn't know, but the look he had was one that seemed to show genuine fear. I'm not sure what it was he was afraid of, but I hoped that I could ease his worries.

Marshall was still sleeping when I got up and I snuck downstairs into the kitchen. I was so hungry and wanted to surprise Marshall by making him breakfast. If I could get it done in time I'd deliver it to him in bed. I slipped on his oxford shirt that was sitting in the corner and snuck downstairs.

The kitchen was equipped with a full fridge of food and I wondered if Marshall had made sure it was stocked before they'd gotten there. He was organized enough to do it and he certainly had a huge appetite that demanded it.

I put on some music and was singing away, making a breakfast of homemade hash browns, scrambled eggs, sausage, and pancakes. I was serving the goods up onto two plates, one massive portion for Marshall and one fairly small one for me. I was hungry, but even at my hungriest I could never compete with Marshall in the food consumption arena.

Just as everything was on the tray I turned around to make my way up to the bedroom, feeling darn lucky that I'd pulled off the breakfast in bed feat-almost. Marshall was standing there, leaning casually against the entrance to the kitchen. His pajama bottoms hugged his sexy hip line snuggly, and his hair was messed up, but he had a gorgeous smile on his face that took my breath away. Why didn't he smile like that more often?

"What's this?"

"You ruined the surprise," I protested. "I wanted to get back up to the room before you woke up."

"It was the strangest thing. I woke up to somebody singing, but I couldn't tell if it was a wounded bird or one of those crappy new songs that are so abundantly popular on the radio."

I blushed. I did have a horrible voice and never would have guessed that I'd get busted with it. "Oh, you heard that, huh."

"Yep, not brilliant by any means, but adorable. You look fantastic when you're barefoot in the kitchen cooking."

"Real funny."

"I'm hungry."

"Would you like to eat down here?" I asked.

"Sure."

Marshall walked over to me and slowly began to unbutton his oxford shirt I was wearing and let it slid off my shoulders to the floor. He leaned in and began kissing my neck and ear while his hands roamed all over my body. I felt my body heat up like a fire, instantly in need for him.

The next thing I knew Marshall was picking me up by the waist and setting me on the kitchen island, giving me a sexy wink right afterward. He had me lean back and my arms were bracing me so I didn't fall. He lifted my knees up, placing my legs over his shoulders and then began to lean down, licking my folds passionately and flicking his tongue in and out of me. "I'm hungry for you," he growled in between licks. He increased the pressure of his tongue, making me moan and arch my back, ready for release. I began to shake as the intensity of my desire came over me, knowing that I was about to orgasm right then and there from his masterful tongue and its precision moves. As my orgasm erupted Marshall slid into me, intensifying the orgasm and rocking with more thrusts, increasing the length of my orgasm.

After giving me that completely satisfying experience Marshall quickly said. "Okay, it's time for us to eat. I was thinking we could do a little shopping today if you are up for it."

"Okay," I said quietly. My head was still spinning from what Marshall had just done and I couldn't even think straight. He could have said that we were going to go get Mohawks and dye our hair purple and I would have answered the exact same way.

My serving Marshall breakfast in bed ended up being a tender breakfast where he ate and fed me at the same time. He'd take a big bite and then I would take a small bite, savoring each moment, and making sure I was fed. He could be so caring and sweet when we eat. I realized now how important having a meal was to him, and why he valued each one. Growing up with a drug addict mother who never took care of him, oftentimes he would just go hungry, not being fed. My heart reached out to him, feeling the poor child's hunger and loneliness. No wonder why Marshall was so guarded with his feelings. He had to learn to protect himself, to watch out for himself since no one else would.

An hour later we were out the door on our way to do a little shopping. I felt wonderful knowing that I had Marshall's full attention. He really was relaxed and sweet. Definitely a different guy than he was in Vegas.

Three hours later we were back with some bags. I'd gotten a few things, but not much. I hadn't reached the point financially where I could afford the prices of all the ritzy boutiques and wasn't comfortable with Marshall buying things for me. We'd also had a fantastic lunch at a cafe that overlooked the ocean, eating some fresh seafood and laughing away. I couldn't help but notice all the women that looked at Marshall longingly though, making me realize that he was always being pursued by somebody.

When we got back to the beach house Marshall said that he needed to go get a little work-out in. He went down to the exercise room at the house and I unpacked the bags that we'd brought back with us. After I was done I thought a little exercise might feel good for me too and I made my way down to the room. I stopped dead in my tracks as I looked at Marshall.

He was all sweaty and his entire body was glistening. His shirt was off and it showed the perfection of his sculpted physique like I'd never seen before. He was at the pull-up bar in the corner and doing one handed pull-ups that made every muscle in his body ripple. No wonder why he could just pick me up so easily and toss me wherever. I wasn't heavy, but he did it as effortlessly as if I was a flower petal.

"Impressive," I called out. "Can you teach me how to do that?"

"You're persistent enough that you probably could," Marshall said, grunting out the words as he finished his set. He jumped down and walked over to his towel, wiping his forehead, and then taking a sip of water.

"Thanks. My persistence does pay off at times," I said.

"I was just about to take a quick sauna. Interested in joining me?"

"Definitely," I said.

The sauna was in the corner and had windows in it which overlooked the ocean too. It was fascinating, not at all like most saunas one would see, which were all closed in with no windows at all.

We each wrapped a giant bath towel around us and made our way into the steamy sauna. I breathed in, feeling a temporary shock from the steam. We each sprawled out on a bench, lying flatly and enjoying the heat. I was on the upper bench and leaned to one side, propping my head up with my elbow to look at Marshall.

"Well, I had come down for exercise, but this sauna feels pretty fantastic I must say."

"You look good in it. Too bad I can't have you walk around naked all day, but then again I'd never get anything done and all the sharks at the studio would never give you a moment's peace."

"I distract you that much?" I asked.

Marshall didn't answer me with words, but looked at me with eyes that clearly stated I was a distraction. Hopefully I'm a good distraction, I thought.

Ten minutes later we got out of the sauna and as soon as we were back in the exercise room Marshall grabbed my arm and pressed his body against me. I immediately responded, kissing him greedily and wanting to feel him inside of me once again. He took me over to a bench that was elevated at a forty-five degree angle and sat me down on it. I looked up at him longingly. "I need you right now, Marshall. Do whatever you want."

"Really?" Marshall said. He walked away and I looked at him, wondering what he was up to. He came back with a few exercise bands and told me to lift my arms above my head. I did as I was told and he gently wrapped them around my wrists and then attached it to something behind me so I could not move my arms at all. I didn't say a word, but just kept looking at Marshall. I wanted him to know that I trusted him and was his to do as he wished with.

Then Marshall went and got two heavy dumbbells and set them off to each side, taking another exercise band and putting it around each ankle and attaching it to the dumbbells so I couldn't move my legs. He was smiling the entire time, but moving so slowly and methodically as if he was following a plan down to every precise little detail.

Without saying a word Marshall stood back over me and leaned over. He began to kiss my breasts, pressing firmly on them with his tongue and then giving them gentle little bites. I quivered; fascinated with the way it felt. My hand instinctually wanted to reach out and touch him but they couldn't move. It was so tantalizing and made me want to move more.

"Stop trying to move or I'll quit," Marshall whispered.

"Okay," I whispered back, not wanting him to quit anything.

For a long time, seemingly an eternity, Marshall continued to kiss and nibble my entire body, making me long to feel him inside of me. Eventually that time came and he slid into me slowly. Then he teased me. He'd get me revved up and ready to orgasm and then pull out, staring at me a bit, waiting for me to beg. I wanted to beg, but I refused, biting my lip instead and trembling until he'd decide it was time to go back into me.

This game continued for a long time until I had finally lucked out and was able to slide one of my hands out of the exercise band. Then the other slid out and I placed them on Marshall's hips, telling him to thrust into me and give me the orgasm I wanted. The feeling of his cock sliding in and out of me was so interesting and unlike anything I'd experience before. It must have been the way my legs were separated. Everything was intense and I became more demanding, telling Marshall what I wanted. He listened and kept pounding in and out of me harder and harder until we both came together. It was amazing and the first time our orgasms had come in unison.

"I kind of like being bossy like that," I laughed. It was true too. It had given me a kind of rush that I'd never felt before, aside from a little bit in the conference room during the merger meeting the other day.

"I could tell you enjoyed it. I love the way your eyes light up when you're being mad or bossy. It's a big turn-on."

"You have expressive eyes like that too," I said. "However, right now I'd like to have my ankles untied. I'm starting to feel like elastic-girl."

"The things we could do if you were," Marshall commented, bending over to release my ankles from the exercise bands and dumbbells.

"Looks like I might have to put yoga on my to-do list," I said.

"Or maybe I can just help you," Marshall replied.

"Oh, you're so thoughtful."

"And selfish." Marshall laughed and he went over to get my clothes, tossing them to me.

"I can't believe we have to go back tomorrow morning already. This has been the best little getaway. I feel absolutely spoiled."

"Unfortunately the work never ends," Marshall added.

"You know, Marshall, I have to give you credit for actually relaxing the last few days. I wasn't sure if you'd be able to do it."

"Me either, but you've proved to be a delightful distraction, Miss Rowland."

"As are you, Mr. Kent."

The small getaway to the Malibu beach house was absolutely incredible for me. I couldn't have had a better time and knew that I'd completely fallen for Marshall beyond what I should at that point. I couldn't help it and I'd wanted to resist it, but had failed.

As Marshall dropped me off at my apartment in the morning I realized that we'd never talked about our relationship or where it was at. I assumed that he was ready to admit that we were more than friends. I knew I was. I was going to mention it too, but had chickened out. I didn't want to deal with any down side to what I'd called a perfect few days. I'd gotten to know Marshall better as a person and certainly connected-repeatedly-with him intimately. It was better to leave the topic alone and not force any awkward conversations, especially when I was stranded in Malibu.

Chapter 21

The problem with unexpected vacations is the back-up of work that you have when you get back. Marshall had impressed me with just dropping everything at the beach house and showing me a sexual release unlike anything I even had thought was imaginable. I had learned so much and was excited about the personal growth when it came to physical confidence and exploring sexual boundaries. However, all that was done now and it was time to get back to work.

Marshall was down three executives and their sudden release, combined with his abrupt absence, was all the talk around the studio. He was hustling, trying to get in solid and trustworthy talents to replace them. As for me, I finished up the last bits of details from the failed merger.

I'd learned enough about Marshall to not take his curt manner personally either, which was good. Otherwise I would have been plenty annoyed at how he just said things and walked away. I couldn't look at him though without having some thoughts about how incredible the time away together was. Did he feel the same? Only he knew because he didn't display any of his soft side again, only his all business and no pleasure side.

When the weekend came I was hoping that Marshall and I could get together and discuss the status of our relationship. I needed to know if we were just friends or if we were more. I understood a professional distance at work, but needed to get a grasp on how to juggle everything from an emotional perspective.

Friday morning when I got to work there was no sign of Marshall anywhere. Usually he was waiting to give me a brief of what he'd like me to work on that day or to get updates, but not this morning.

I called out and didn't hear an answer. Then I did hear some noise coming from the back by his house. I called again and still no answer. I walked out; wanting to go and make sure everything was okay.

When I passed through the small courtyard in back that separated the office from his home I couldn't help but sense deja vu at the trip. It reminded me of the first day that I'd ever met Marshall. That had been one of the most disastrous days of my life, leaving a burning impression of his gorgeous body in my mind along with an innate desire to have sex with him. It had changed me forever and that was something that would never change now, especially after the beach house days.

I opened the door and called out. "Sorry to bother you, Marshall. I was wondering..." I stopped mid-sentence as I saw the actress from the first day I met Marshall hurriedly put on her top, while Marshall zipped up his pants.

My mind didn't know how to process this. What was she doing here like that, and why was Marshall with her...still? I've never felt more ashamed and humiliated than I was at that moment. I knew I shouldn't have let myself fall hard for Marshall. He was too much of a player, too damaged to have a normal loving committed relationship with a woman.

I had never walked so fast away from a building in my entire life. My heart was racing and my eyes were stinging. All I could think was, "It's happened again. Damn it Becca. Stop being such a sucker."

Every bit of insecurity that Brandon had given me when he left shouted out at me, reminding me that I wasn't good enough to keep any man content for very long. For Marshall I'd apparently been his flavor of the week and he'd moved on to other things, showing me that he wasn't interested in anything more than a fuck buddy who just happened to also have a knack for business.

When Brandon had dumped me it had been horrible. I had never confessed to anybody some of the real reasons he'd said he wanted to break up. They'd been too painful and were things that I didn't want to admit myself. He'd told me that he wanted to play the market and have a bit more sexual exploration before settling down-get it out of his system. After he'd done that he'd be ready to come and marry me, knowing that the time was right and he'd be a good husband. I'd thought it was a bunch of shit then and right now I still thought of it that way, but it suddenly was more logical. What was wrong with me? Why wasn't I good enough for any man to just want to be with faithfully? I just didn't get it and I decided that I was ready to surrender. I was going to give up on Marshall and certainly give up on the job at the studio. The further away from him the better off I'd be.

I went into the office and packed my few personal belongings into a small box and headed out in the Audi, dropping my name tag off by the guard, and speeding out of there. I didn't look back once and I just prayed that I'd make it home before I had an emotional melt-down. Thank goodness I didn't have to be anywhere this weekend. All I had to do is live with my thoughts and the reality that I may never get the type of man I want. If I want a relationship I might just have to settle. It was utterly depressing and only topped by the speeding ticket that I got just as I exited the freeway to head toward my apartment. I just couldn't win. I couldn't even talk my way out of a ticket, not that I'd tried.

Once I was in the safety of my apartment I locked the doors and finally breathed in. During my exhale a tear trickled down my face, followed by many more. I cried until I was tapped out and numb.

Chapter 22

It was Saturday morning and I'd had a very contemplative day on Friday, assessing all the aspects of my life and trying to learn from the signs. It was easiest to view me from a distance, pretending I was a test case, so I could use my analytical skills. I trusted them and they never failed me. When I brought my emotions into the mix is when I became destined to implode.

I was aware that Marshall had tried to call several times, but I'd refused to answer or let him say anything. I didn't work for him any longer, and I certainly wasn't in a relationship with him after all, wasn't I? His words had no value to me and his actions had said everything. It really wasn't his fault. He hadn't said he was going to change. I'd just allowed for the possibility of maybe he would. The reality was that guys like Marshall could make any woman, regardless of security issues and esteem, make their way out of their shell to enjoy experiences that were more phenomenal than the mind could ever just imagine. That's what he'd done to me. I'd been played, I'd love the experience, and I despised the aftermath.

I took a hot bath and was contemplating what movie to watch that night, despite knowing it had to have a happy ending-unlike my life. The movie had to be the perfect one to go with the pint of mocha fudge chip ice cream that was calling my name in the freezer and would comfort my sorry state of mind.

There was a knock at the door and I froze, hoping that it wasn't Marshall. Why would Marshall come find you on a Saturday afternoon? Get real and get over it. I went up to the peek hole in my door and looked through. I could clearly tell that it wasn't Marshall because the man wasn't tall enough. I'd never have thought it was possible, but the man on the other side of my door was actually worse than Marshall. It was Brandon. What had I done to deserve this bombardment of emotional turmoil these past few days?

I opened the door hesitantly, realizing that I was just in my bathrobe and still had my hair in a towel. "Brandon, what a surprise," I commented.

"Hi Becca, you're finally home."

"Finally? You've been looking for me?" I asked. I was having a hard time processing everything.

"I stopped by a few days ago and then had business for a few days. I'd tried calling too, but I thought I'd stop by one last time before flying out of LA tomorrow."

"Oh."

"Mind if I come in?"

I nodded and stood to the side so Brandon could come in. He looked really good. Life was obviously treating him well. How ironic that I was standing here in a bathrobe, dreaming about ice cream and sappy movies.

Once my door was shut Brandon came up to me and gave me one of those friendly hugs. "You look absolutely beautiful, Becca."

I smiled, not even knowing what to say in return to that compliment. "So, what brings you here?"

"I was hoping that we'd have a chance to talk before I left. Would you be available for dinner?"

Sadly, I had to admit that I was. In fact, there were no foreseeable dates in my future unless I decided to see if I could make up for my cancellation to Tyler Jackson. "Well, I'm not sure. I was kind of set to relax tonight."

"Please. It's really important, Bec." Brandon looked at me with those intense brown eyes and I felt myself melt a bit. He'd always been able to get to me with that look.

"Sure. That will be fine. I just need a few minutes to change and get ready."

"Great," Brandon said. Then he stood there watching me, expecting that I would get undressed in front of him. Of course he'd seen me naked countless times, but I wasn't sure if it was a good idea to do it at this given moment. Something inside of me said that I should do it. My esteem needed a boost at that moment and Brandon was the one to give it to me.

I slid off my robe, revealing my bra and panties underneath it. Brandon just stared at me, soaking in the sight of my soft tanned flesh against the rosy pink garments. Over the past month, I'd gained a few pounds and it had made my curves curvier and I knew I wore it well. Brandon definitely confirmed that.

"You are so incredibly sexy, Becca. What was I ever thinking when I left you?"

"You weren't, but that's okay."

Brandon walked closer to me, extending his arm out and wrapping it around my waist. His touch got to me, just like it always had, and he pulled me closer. "I'm so sorry that I ever let you go. You're so smart and beautiful, the only woman for me. I want you so much."

The words Brandon spoke soothed my heart and his hands started to caress my body, studying my skin and finding their way to the places that I'd always responded to so well. I could feel my heart racing and pounding so hard. It was trying to shut out the voice of reason in my mind. I knew this wasn't smart, but I wanted to feel good right now...feel desired.

I didn't do anything to Brandon but stood there, letting him kiss me, exploring my body. He fumbled with my bra clasp and for some reason that really stood out to me. It was nice to know that he wasn't some completely suave lover and seemed more inexperienced from his trembling fingers. There was a knock on the door and I remained standing there while Brandon mumbled. "Why don't you go to the bedroom and get more comfortable? I'll get rid of whoever is at the door and be right in."

With that, Brandon walked toward the door and I made my way to the bedroom. My inner voice was starting to win over and I was beginning to realize just what a damaging idea a physical reunion with Brandon would be in the end. I stood there and then I heard a loud voice coming from the door. I knew whose voice that was too.

I walked out and saw Marshall bolting past Brandon. He stopped and froze in his tracks when he saw me...just like I'd done when I saw him with her yesterday.

"What are you doing dressed like that?" Marshall spat. He turned to look at Brandon and paused a moment. I looked at Brandon and saw a flicker of recognition come over his face.

Brandon looked back to Marshall and began to extend his hand, as if he was going to introduce himself and Marshall shoved him forcefully out of the way and charged over toward me.

I couldn't move, not even caring that I was only in my bra and panties, with my clasp undone too. The sight of two men being so riled up about me considering they'd both rejected me was absolutely ridiculous. I didn't get it.

"Becca, are you going to give in to someone that hurt you so much that easily?"

"I don't think that it's any of your business."

"Go into your room now and I'll be right there," Marshall ordered. I don't know why I listened, but I did. Suddenly I was feeling crimson and my face was starting to match the rosy shade of my panties and bra.

From the bedroom I heard Marshall say, "Take your coat and get the hell out of here-and stay away from Becca!"

The door slammed and Marshall was back in the bedroom. I had hooked the clasp on my bra again and was sitting on the edge of the bed, not really sure what to do. My bathrobe was still out in the living room.

"Becca, I'm going to try and be patient here, although I don't understand what you were possibly thinking. You leave the studio without saying goodbye, don't answer my calls, and won't answer your door. Then I come over and see that you are with him...that Brandon...the one that devastated you. Is your self-confidence really that low?"

"Why would you care, Marshall? Do you think that my self-confidence will be soaring when I have to stand there and watch you and your little friend fucking away so merrily and enjoying the shock I get from it? Is that what good self-esteem leads to? Because if it is I think I'll keep my lower self-confidence and respect. You have no right to lecture or be mad at me. I was your flavor of the week and you've moved on."

Marshall's eyes softened and he sat down on the bed next to me. "I'm sorry if that's what you saw. It wasn't exactly what happened. Jennifer and I...we have been physical for a while, and well, she thought it was still going on so she barged into my house, surprising me, and well... she started undressing me, but I didn't want to have sex with her any longer. Then you were there, and I know what you saw...but it didn't happen that way. I am very protective of you and like I'd told you, you're a great friend."

"About that. I'm not so sure we can be friends anymore, Marshall. It's clearly too hard for me. Maybe someday, but not today."

"That's really what you want?"

"Maybe not what I want, but it is what I need," I said. My hands were trembling from saying those words aloud. It made me realize that I really did love Marshall and that although it was a one way street I would have to go through a recovery time from our relationship, just like I'd had to do with Brandon.

"I respect your wishes and want the best for you," Marshall said. He leaned in and hugged me and added, "I'll be leaving now."

I nodded, not able to say another word. Marshall got up and walked out of the apartment. When I heard the door close the tears began to flow once again. Apparently my well wasn't quite dry yet.

Chapter 23

I sat down on my couch, trying to process what had just happened. I was thankful that I hadn't ended up sleeping with Brandon. That would have been a very regrettable mistake and likely opened me up to being his occasional booty call. Plus, what future was there when he didn't even live in the same area anymore. I had no plans of leaving my father's firm and relocating.

Now I was all alone, once again, and didn't really know what to do. I had lost any incentive to watch a movie and in a way I felt like I'd just lived out a movie scene myself. It made sense. Marshall had a flair for the dramatic and was a heck of an actor before becoming a heck of a billionaire movie mogul.

I got up and got the ice cream, justifying that it'd help me think better and clear my thoughts. I opened the cover and looked at the tasty ice cream, which had long been my favorite indulgence. I slowly put my spoon into it and took a scoop. As I put the spoon in my mouth and enjoyed its creamy goodness I wished that all relationships were as simple as the one I had with my ice cream. It never disappointed me-ever!

As the second spoonful was about to enter my lips there was another knock at my door. I sighed, getting up to see who it was. I looked through my peep hole and saw no one there. Yet, there was still a knock on the door. I slowly opened the door, keeping my safety latch in place and a single red rose presented itself through the small opening.

"Who is it?"

"Promise you won't shut the door on me?" the voice asked.

I smiled. It was Marshall. "I won't slam the door on you. What do you want?"

"Can I please come in?"

I shrugged my shoulders. Why not let him in. Nothing else could possibly get crazier than it had been this past week. I opened the door and he came in, smiling at me sweetly and handing me a few dozen roses to go with the one that he'd slid through the door.

"They're beautiful, but you didn't need to do that," I commented.

"I didn't need to, but I wanted to. I really need to talk to you, Becca, and I'm hoping you'll give me a chance to get out what I have to say. Trust me, it isn't easy for me, but I want to do my best to say what's on my mind. Will you allow me?"

I gestured toward the couch and we went to sit down. I sat at an angle so I could look at Marshall and he sat down looking at me. I couldn't help but notice that he seemed nervous, even rubbing his palms on his pants.

"Becca, I'm so sorry for what you saw. I was a jackass to even have Jennifer get through my door when we no longer have a physical relationship and was just being a scared coward. It is unacceptable and I realize that." I began to move my lips, but Marshall put his hand up, reminding me that he just wanted me to listen.

"I know that I've called you a friend and that is true. I value you greatly and consider your opinion golden, something that I don't often do. These past weeks I've been really freaked out, wondering why I respond to you the way I do. I'm not used to it and everyone who knows me understands that I've committed to being a bachelor, a single guy-no tie downs or people to report to. It's worked well for me too...until you came for the interview that day."

"What changed then?" I asked.

Marshall grabbed my hand and squeezed it, but continued to talk. "Everything changed that day. I saw a beautiful and bright woman who actually didn't want anything from me-not even a job. I'd never experienced such a response to being told off and stormed out on in my life before. I wasn't able to get you out of my mind. That's why I called Sophia to find out more about you and made sure that you came to Vegas with me. I thought I'd find something to dislike in you on that trip actually and make it easier to separate my emotions from what my brain dictates as the best thing for me to do. Unfortunately it didn't work and I didn't want to risk anything because I had no idea how you felt."

"How do you think I feel?" I asked. I knew that was a tricky question, but I just wanted to gauge how well Marshall really had a grasp on me and what I was about on a personal level, not a sexual one.

"I could tell you had a heart of gold and wanted to help me in some way, make me your project. Truthfully, I didn't think you'd give up on me and that gave me comfort since I was too cowardly to just tell you what I was feeling. When you quit and left yesterday it just rattled me, blew my mind. I couldn't get anything done the rest of the day and I was beside myself. I haven't felt such devastation in a long time...ever. It was as though a part of me had left me. It was in those moments when I realized that you were more to me than a lover and a friend."

My heart started racing, wondering if Marshall was about to say what I thought he might. It sounded that way, but I wasn't sure."

"What am I to you exactly?"

"You represent the possibility of what I might have, assuming I don't goof it up."

"If that's the case why did you leave earlier?"

"I clammed up and that's why I came back. I have been out in my car for a few hours, only taking a break to go get the roses. I have never bought roses for anyone before, you know. You're the first."

"So, do you want me to be your girlfriend?" I asked. Marshall was pouring his heart out, but still beating around the bush. I couldn't afford to be indirect or cowardly anymore myself.

"I'm afraid that term will freak me out and build up walls. What I want is for us to spend time together, explore each other's minds and bodies, and see where the whole thing takes us. What do you say?"

"I can't handle knowing that you could be with another woman at any given time. That's not good for me," I replied.

"It'll be just you. I give my word. And, if I don't think I can do that you'll know before I do anything. That would only be right."

I paused, thinking about what Marshall said. It actually made good sense, allowing us to see what we had without any expectations other than getting to know each other better. I was fully aware that I had my own obstacles and hurdles to overcome as well. Maybe we could do it together.

"Mr. Kent, I do believe that we have come to an agreement with our negotiations," I said. I leaned in and gave Marshall a warm hug, glad to feel him in my arms again.

"Excellent, Ms. Rowland. Did I ever tell you how brilliant you are?"

"You've mentioned it," I said.

"And I've meant every word of it," Marshall said.

That night Marshall and I sat there talking, laughing, and having fun. It was a wonderful night and when he left that night I didn't feel all alone. I felt like I'd opened up a new and exciting door in my life. I couldn't wait to see where it took me.

Epilogue

I was sitting at a small cafe in Malibu waiting for Marshall to arrive. He was running late again and I smiled, knowing that he was taking care of some business before we met for lunch. I couldn't help but wonder what he wanted to talk about and why he'd made me drive all the way to Malibu to do it. It seemed odd, but despite Marshall and me getting along so great there was still no denying just how quirky he was.

My phone buzzed and I saw a text message from Marshall. I hoped he hadn't cancelled on me because I'd cancelled some other plans myself to meet him. He'd made it sound so urgent.

The text asked where I was and I responded that I was waiting at the cafe, but running low on patience for him to show up. I hit send and there was no response. A voice came from behind me, saying, "I better not keep you waiting any longer then."

I snapped my head around and saw Marshall standing there. The sun was shining behind him and he looked absolutely scrumptious in his jeans and t-shirt.

"You startled me," I said.

"I couldn't help it. You've looked so beautiful sitting there."

"You were watching me?"

"I was. Thanks for meeting me here. There's something that I need to talk to you about."

"Well sit down then," I said. I had a bad feeling in my stomach. Marshall looked very serious, not at all the light-hearted and casual guy he'd been around me the past few weeks.

"Becca, this arrangement just isn't working out for me," he said rather bluntly.

I'll admit, his words surprised me but I was determined to keep my composure. "Oh, I see. Is it too hard to be monogamous?"

"No, that's rather easy. It's just that...I don't like having you as simply a lover and a friend. I want more of you...a lot more of you than I've a right to. Becca, I think I'd much prefer to have you for a wife above all things, if you'll have me for a husband." He got down on one knee, and said, "I want to have you by my side always and forever. I can't imagine a life without you, Becca. You are the better part of me, the part that is my everything. Please say you will marry me."

My jaw dropped and I couldn't even talk. I was literally shocked by what he'd just said. He didn't take his eyes off me and somehow he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small box, opening it up.

"I see I've left you speechless and while I do find that amusing, I'd really like to know if you are interested in being Mrs. Marshall Kent?"

I didn't know what to say and the words that came out of my mouth were logical, but unexpected by me. "You've never even told me you loved me," I blurted.

"Point well taken. Have no doubts about it, Miss Rebecca Rowland, I love you so much that it's maddening. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you to keep you happy and see that beautiful smile every day of my life."

Tears began to stream down my face and I lunged toward Marshall. "I love you so much too and the answer is yes. Yes to it all."

"Fantastic. A no would have frankly sucked," Marshall said. He pulled the ring out of the box; a beautiful solitaire surrounded by small diamonds and set in a platinum band, and slid it onto my finger. It fit perfectly.

"It's perfect," I commented.

"As are you, Baby."

"I cannot wait to tell my dad."

"He knows. I contacted him to ask about it, trying to be a proper gentleman and get in his good graces. I'm not quite there, but I'm getting closer."

"You're in mine," I said, laughing. I realized that I was shaking and my belly was doing flip flops. This was definitely unexpected and a genuine surprise, shock, and a million other emotions rolled into one. "So, what now, Marshall?

"I happen to have access to a lovely little beach house for the next few days. What do you say about a little adventure?"

"That would be fantastic. I've been thinking up some new things since my last visit there."

Marshall and I left, not bothering to eat at the cafe and making our way to the Malibu coastline and the beach house, where we went for a bigger and better repeat performance of our previous mini vacation there.

