Chapter 1

Francesco Giordano glared at his son from across the large mahogany desk. Daniel could tell that his father's blood vessels were ready to pop any second. His father was always impeccably dressed, which just added to his ability to be intimidating.

"Are you listening to me, Daniel?"

"Yes, Father, I hear you loud and clear." Daniel was beginning to squirm. He hadn't seen his father this angry in years.

"You are making a joke of this family! Your mother, God rest her soul, is probably turning over in her grave. This has got to stop!" he yelled. His heavy Italian accent was very prominent. "You promised me you'd turn over a new leaf this year, and here it is, the end of March, and you've gotten more out of control!"

"Father, I'm sorry about the car."

"The car? The car?"

"Okay, cars..."

"Daniel, you know I love you, you're my only child. I am sixty-nine years old and would love to hand over my reins to you! But how can I?"

"Father, I can run the business."

"And what do you think you'll do, Daniel? Destroy it like you have every single vehicle I've given you? Run it without dedication and perseverance? Perhaps you could run it while you're chasing women!"

"Father, I don't see it as a big deal. I'm young, and I know I get careless sometimes, but vehicles are easily replaced."

"Easily? Daniel, I got this far by working hard. Very hard! I started Giordano Seas from the ground up. I was born into poverty, Daniel, and your mother, God rest her soul, and I worked incredibly hard. All you have done is taken everything for granted. You were pampered, Daniel, and that's my fault. How do they say it? 'Born with a cucchiaio d'argento in your mouth.' You never worked a day in your life."

"That isn't true, Father. I've gone to work with you many times."

"Daniel! You call flirting with the secretaries, going out for five hour lunches, working?"

"Father, I love attractive women. Is that so bad?"

"Daniel, I didn't bring you in here to argue with you. Do you want to take over my shipping business?"

"Father, you know I do. I'm your only child, who else would you give it to?"

"Victor."

"You would give Victor the company? He isn't even family!"

"Daniel, Victor has been a devoted employee for two decades."

"Father, Victor is a go-to boy. I hardly think that gives him any kind of skill at running the company."

Normally by this time, Daniel would see his father start to soften. But now there was no hint of Francesco Giordano backing down at all. It was this fierceness that got the old shipping mogul his billions. Unfortunately, it never worked on his son. But this was definitely beginning to look like the times were changing. Daniel continued to squirm.

"If you want it, Daniel, you are going to have to show me that you would be willing to start from the bottom. It is only then that you'll actually value my business, make our family proud, and take care of it! You need to learn about life, not about blowing money and bedding women!"

"I think you're underestimating me. I am more than capable of running this business."

"Your mother, God rest her soul, she worked just as hard as I did. She did so much work it wasn't even funny. She worked until her hands would be crippling her with pain from hours on a typewriter, for God sakes! And here you are, Daniel, twenty-six years old, acting like you're sixteen."

"Okay, Father, I get your point. What do I have to do to prove to you that I'm capable of running Giordano Seas?" Daniel left no time for a reply from his father. "I know the business. I know how to run a competitive shipping business. I know the ins and outs of running all of it."

"Daniel, you aren't responsible enough. You take everything in life for granted. I've told you this many times! You may know how to run the business, but you would run it into the ground. You don't care about anything other than playing like a schoolboy. You have no appreciation and no respect!"

"Father, I have my own place, I pay my bills on time-"

"You live in a penthouse in Manhattan, which I paid for. You have charge accounts that I pay for, and you bed a new woman every single night. You wreck cars, you-"

"What is it you want me to do, Father?" Daniel was finally ready to get to the bottom line. He let his father answer the question while he waited quietly.

"Well, I'm so glad you asked." Francesco reached down to the bottom drawer and pulled out a file. He slowly slid it across the desk and then leaned back in his chair. With his hands linked behind his head, he smiled.

Daniel picked up the file and opened it up.

"What is this? Who is John Williams? And why do you have all of his documents? This guy lives in Prairie, Tennessee. We have nothing to do with little cow towns. Please don't tell me you're actually going to hire someone from there..." Daniel started to crack up. Abruptly he stopped after seeing a look of triumph in his father's eyes. Daniel's uneasiness grew tenfold. He was shocked that his father would actually be serious about hiring this John Williams character.

Francesco pushed a button on his desk, and in walked Carl, the family's long-time trusted butler. Over the years Carl had become Francesco's greatest friend. Even though he was part of the staff at the big mansion, Carl was treated like family. He stopped just inside the door and looked as serious as Francesco.

Francesco reached out his hand to his son. Daniel stood up with a puzzled look on his face, but placed his hand in his father's and began to shake it. His father's grip tightened.

"It's so very nice to meet you, Mr. John Williams." Francesco turned on his heels and walked out of the room.

"Good afternoon, Daniel," said Carl as he sat down beside the puzzled young man.

"Carl, what's going on?"

"Your father has created a new identity for you."

"What?!" Daniel busted out in nervous laughter.

"I am to take you to Prairie, to your new apartment. You will be given a weekly allowance until you find a job. But you only have two weeks to do so."

"This is ridiculous!" Daniel rolled his eyes.

"If you can last and prove to your father that you can survive on your own, work hard, and learn some lessons, you will be invited back and the business will be handed to you." Carl was trying hard not to laugh.

"Carl, we live here, in New York. Not Prairie, Tennessee."

"I am to accompany you."

"Carl, I'm not going. My father has lost his mind. There has to be some kind of hidden camera in here."

"Then I shall go speak with him, Daniel. I'm sure he'll be calling Victor."

"Carl, this is a joke, right? I'm supposed to get all upset just to humor my father. I wish he'd get some hobbies. Some of his practical jokes are funny, but this one is a bit out there."

"No, Daniel. There are no jokes. Our flight leaves in four hours."

"Wait a minute. He's actually going to get the jet fueled up to go fly me out to corn country?"

"No, not exactly..."

"Carl, tell me exactly. I'm not playing any more games!"

"We're flying coach." Carl stood to hurry out of Francesco's study. The tall, elegant fifty-five-year-old butler fell out in laughter when he closed the door behind him. He passed Francesco in the hallway and they gave each other a high five.

Daniel sped off of the estate in his white Lamborghini Aventador. It was his third expensive sports car over a two month period. He may have been driving too fast, but the small accidents weren't his fault. His father should just be happy that no one was injured. I can't believe he's pissed about a few cars! What the hell? His cell phone rang as he pulled into his secured parking spot at his penthouse.

"Daniel?"

"What is it, Carl?" growled Daniel. He was gripping his phone tightly.

"You are to leave all access to money behind. Don't bother packing luggage. I have everything you'll need. We are to leave soon, so feel free to eat a meal and get washed up. I'll arrive in an hour." Carl hung up.

Daniel threw his phone against the passenger door and yelled loudly. "Damn it!"

He didn't have the stomach to eat anything. It was in knots. How could he do this to me? He thought of calling Marissa, the hot swimsuit model he had a date with this evening, but he figured that this entire mess would be cleaned up before then. Daniel climbed in the shower and let the hot water loosen his muscles. Suddenly it hit him. Neither his father, nor Carl for that matter, had ever let a joke go on for this long. I'll play his little game. It'll just take a week before the Great Francesco finds out how much he needs me. I'll go to Tennessee and start up another business. Who'll have the last laugh then?

Daniel spent the next thirty minutes pumping himself up for the biggest trial of his life. He wasn't a failure. He got what he wanted, when he wanted it. He had the brains and the looks. Victor can bite me.

He looked at himself in the mirror with approval. Dark hair, dark brown eyes, olive complexion...Daniel smiled at the thoughts of heads turning in Prairie, Tennessee. His muscles made his expensive black suit fit just right. The material was hand-woven wool, soft to the touch and one of a kind.

There was a knock at the door.

Daniel slowly approached it. Anyone who came up to the penthouse had to be approved and announced. There had been no announcement. Who could possibly get past security? Carl.

"Here, Daniel. You'll need to leave the suit at home. I brought you these to change into."

Daniel opened up the big brown paper bag. His jaws clenched. "Carl, what the hell is this?"

"Your clothes."

Taking the bag with him, Daniel went to his room and dumped the contents out on his bed. He laughed hard and loud.

"I'm not wearing these!" Daniel shouted, but no response came from Carl. He lifted the clothing up to his face, expecting to smell something foul. He decided to put them on, knowing that nothing would fit; after all, his clothes were custom made. But they did. Kill me now. Daniel stood in front of the full-length mirror again and cringed. The blue plaid flannel shirt and faded jeans were setting his insides on fire. Work boots? He is going too far! Daniel stormed out of the room and stood in front of Carl, fuming.

"Well, you definitely look different, Daniel. Those will do just fine. Come along." Carl had to restrain himself.

"I have no say-so in this, do I?" Daniel said in a voice full of panic.

"No, I'm afraid not."

"Carl, did you pick these out? Is this the other part to my father's joke?"

"Come with me, Daniel. We don't want to miss our flight."

"What if I refuse? Father isn't going to just up and give our family business to anyone other than me."

"I'm afraid he will, Daniel. He already has papers drawn up for Victor. He is going to retire, one way or the other. Let's go, we have a plane to catch."

"So how long is this twisted game going to last, Carl?"

"Until your father is sure you're the best candidate."

"Fine. I'll play along. After all, Daniel Giordano can win anything." Daniel smiled and tucked his thumbs in his belt hoops to mimic the hillbillies he's seen on television.

"You're not Daniel Giordano. You're John Williams. You won't have your father's name to carry you."

Come on, Daniel, you can do it. It's just for a few days. As long as he didn't look down at his clothes, he felt confident. Perhaps the hidden camera is on... He couldn't help but laugh at the whole situation.

Walking outside with Carl, Daniel stopped and kept looking up and down the parking lot, then the street.

"Carl, where's the limo?"

"Right here." Carl pointed to an old red pickup truck.

"You're driving that?"

"Yes. I thought you should get used to it. Your new vehicle looks just like it. Get in, Daniel, and buckle up. I'm not sure about its safety."

When Daniel opened the truck door, the sounds of rusted metal grinding were loud. He did as he was told and buckled up for dear life. After four tries, Carl got the pickup started, and off they went to the airport.

The only airplane that Daniel had ever flown in was the family jet. Sitting behind a large man, who insisted on reclining, was making him feel as if his six-foot four inch frame was going to fold like an accordion. Carl had to stare out the window frequently so Daniel wouldn't see his smirk.

"Try to get some rest, Daniel. It'll make the flight go by faster."

"Carl, how the heck do I sleep with this screaming kid behind me kicking my seat? And by the way, you can stop enjoying my misery so much. I'll be damned if I'm going to let my father win this one."

"When we land, you are to be called John Williams by everyone other than me. I have a wallet prepared for you with your first week's allowance. Be careful how you spend it because you won't be getting any more money for another week."

"How much am I getting?"

"Three hundred and fifty dollars."

"That's it?!"

"That will be it until the following week. Your credit cards have been cancelled by your father, so don't try to use them. If you have any, hand them and any money you have over to me, Daniel."

Daniel reached behind him and pulled out his wallet. Carl smiled while he was handed four credit cards and a thick wad of large bills, which was kept in the penthouse."

"Thank you, Daniel."

"Oh my pleasure, Carl!" spat Daniel. The humor was ending and it was sinking into him that his father wasn't joking.

When the plane landed, Carl led Daniel out to the parking lot. Sure to his word, the old, rusted red pickup looked exactly like the one they left in New York, only this one had more dents and rust on it.

"Get in, Daniel, and buckle up."

"Yeah, you don't have to tell me that twice. Carl, what's that smell?"

"I believe it's the upholstery."

"Wow it's gross inside here! If I end up smelling like this, I'm going to be really ticked off. This is a death trap, Carl. Where are we going anyway?"

"Your new apartment."

"Great. I can't wait to see it. Is it a smelly death trap too?"

Carl ignored the question. "Your father has agreed to pay the rent for one month. After that, it's up to you."

"Oh, that's mighty nice of him. How long are you staying here?"

"One month."

"What a coincidence, Carl. Are we neighbors?"

After an hour of the truck stalling, back firing, and shimmying, they finally entered Prairie. Rolling hills, cattle, barns, and darkness wasn't impressing Daniel. Driving into downtown was just as appealing.

Carl pulled into a small gravel parking lot next to a rundown, one-story apartment building. It was small and reminded Daniel of the scuzzy pay-by-the-hour motels he saw on crime shows.

"Well, at least I know this is going to suck as much for you as it will for me!" Daniel laughed at the thought of Carl, in all his elegance, sleeping in this place.

A black sedan rolled up.

"Oh my God! You're going to have security on me to make sure I stay put?" He laughed loudly.

"No, Daniel. This is my transportation to the hotel."

Daniel sat up straight and began to go to a new level of irritation. Carl said he'd be accompanying me, and now he's leaving?

"Wait, is it a dive hotel?"

"Of course not. I'll be staying at a five star in Nashville. Good luck, Daniel. I'll be contacting you. Here's your wallet, and when you're ready just check in at the office."

"Carl! Wait a minute! Don't leave me here!"

Carl slid into the backseat of the sedan, and off it drove.

Daniel climbed out of the pickup and walked to the office at the end of the unkempt building. The dirty white brick made him want to wear gloves to touch anything. Multiple bugs swarmed around the single light above the door, and a horrible sinking feeling was taking over his core. Daniel knew one thing for sure; he would immediately climb in the shower and scrub himself as soon as he reached his room.

Chapter 2

"Hello," said Daniel in the most polite voice he could muster.

Beatrice was trying hard to think of a five letter word that matched the clue on her crossword puzzle, while she loudly snapped her gum. She saw the young man walk in, but he'd just have to wait a minute.

"Hello!" Daniel's voice was showing his irritation. He wasn't used to anyone not acknowledging his presence. "Can you hear me?" The older woman with the big, crooked blonde wig was already getting on his nerves. Her eyebrows, created with a dark pencil, gave her a constant expression of surprise. He smacked his hand down on the counter to add a little bit of noise, maybe snap the old bat out of her coma.

"Hold your britches." Beatrice was sixty-two and not about to be shoved around by some young cowpoke.

Her southern twang was doing nothing for Daniel's mood. If he could get away with it he would choke her.

"I'm here to find out which room I'm in, though I doubt I'll be here for very long."

"What's your name?"

"Dan-err John Williams."

"You ain't from these parts." Beatrice laughed.

"What room am I in?" The last thing that Daniel wanted was to have a conversation with this rude woman.

"Number four. Here's your key. Don't lose it or it's gonna cost ya ten bucks!" Beatrice handed the key over to Daniel. She watched this John Williams feller walk out the door with her drawn-on eyebrows raised. What I'd give to be forty years younger...

The stench hit Daniel instantly when he opened the door. The smell of mildew, stale smoke, and something fried made him want to hurl.

The dim light revealed a small kitchen table with two metal chairs, which were covered by yellow-flowered vinyl. The top of the small table was yellow, chipped, and had some burned places from someone's careless cigarette. But according to the smell of the place he'd have to add another thousand cigarettes to the cause of the problem. Daniel didn't smoke and the smell was overwhelming him. The vinyl on both cheap metal chairs had splits on the seats. He was sure that the visible foam wasn't always black. On the tabletop was a plastic pink flower arrangement and a collection of dead bugs.

The bedroom, if you want to call it that, was off the kitchen and in the same area. The bathroom was something Daniel definitely never planned on using. The dirt and rust on both was disgusting. Bugs had collected everywhere. There was no way he was going to touch this room. He sat his suitcase on a small twin bed with a heavily sagging mattress. There was a black plaid loveseat that had areas worn down to the stuffing. Burn holes covered the armrests, seat cushions, and carpet. He'd get out of this hellhole one way or another. I can't believe this! There was no television, no dishes or silverware. He spotted an old space heater in the corner, and no sign of an air conditioner. The cupboards and refrigerator were bare, except for an exploded soda can and more bugs.

Daniel needed a drink...or ten.

Digging out his cell phone, he was ready to call his father. Instead, he placed it back in his pocket, not wanting the Great Francesco to know his misery. I can do this. He won't beat me. This'll be easy...

Climbing inside of the rusted pickup, Daniel drove the five miles back into town. There was a small grocery store, feed store, a barber shop, and a few deserted buildings. He heard loud music and spotted the bar at the end of town. The Corral.

The country music was blaring. There were men and women of all ages standing out front, smoking and tipping beers. They were as loud as the music. Daniel didn't care. It was nothing that several drinks wouldn't fix. As he stepped through the wooden door, a man the size of a bulldozer ran right into him.

"Pardon me," said an obviously drunk farmer. Daniel smelled the hillbilly's foul odor.

He couldn't help but laugh at all the hicks. The music was giving him a headache, and he desperately wanted a drink to make the taste of this nightmare go away. He found a small empty table in the corner underneath the dim lights. Line dancing! Before he was able to laugh at the spectacles that the men and women were making of themselves, he heard the definite sounds of a man and woman arguing.

"You're fired!" yelled a plump, redheaded man in his early fifties.

"Good!"

The strawberry blonde in tight jeans, a small apron, and white t-shirt caught his attention more than anything else. She didn't seem to be intimidated at all by the loud, plump man. She lifted a heavy tray and delivered the beer bottles to a nearby table. Afterward, she approached Daniel's table.

"What would you like?" she asked with a scowl on her face.

"You don't seem very chipper."

"Look, do you want something or not? You can't just sit here and not order anything. House Rules, they're posted." She pointed to the sign by the end of the bar.

"Okay, I didn't mean to offend you. Sorry if it seemed that way."

"I've never seen you before. You new to these parts?"

"Yes, you could say that." Daniel became very self-conscious of his attire. He loved to impress women, and this outfit wasn't going to cut it.

"Name's Katherine. Don't call me Kat, it'll piss me off. What would you like to drink?"

"I'll take a nice dry martini."

"Seriously, what do you want? I don't have all night."

Daniel looked around and reminded himself of where he was.

"What's your name?"

"Da-uh John Williams."

"Welcome, Duh John Williams. Spit your order out."

"I'll take a beer. Whatever you have on tap will be fine."

"Be right back," she yelled over the music.

As she walked to the bar, Daniel saw a large hand pat her behind. Katherine spun around and punched the guy square in the chin. The man went to grab her wrist, and before he knew it, Daniel was running full speed at the large man in overalls. He grabbed him, spun him around, and punched him in the mouth. Daniel thought for sure that the big lumberjack would go out stone cold. But Daniel had only seen fighting in movies; he hadn't ever hit anyone before. The man smiled with his bloody lip and hit Daniel one time.

The sound of glass clanking woke him up. He was aware of his surroundings after a couple of minutes. Thankfully the music was off, because his head was pounding.

"Mr. Williams, are you doing okay?"

Daniel took a moment to let his vision clear. He looked at the waitress, who now had her apron off and her hair down. Long strawberry blonde curls hung in her face as she bent closer to him.

"Yeah, I'm okay. I think my eye is swollen."

"You'll have a pretty good shiner out of that one."

"I guess I shouldn't have hit him."

"Well, it was my fault. I don't like men grabbing me, and my lazy uncle wouldn't have done anything quick enough. Thank you for sticking up for me like that."

"I did a pretty lousy job. Did he leave?"

"Yeah he left. A few guys threw him out of here." Katherine put a cold rag on Daniel's eye, causing him to wince.

"Where are you from?" asked Katherine.

"New York."

"Wow, you're a long way from New York. Are you staying around here?"

"Up the road a bit." Yes, I live in a gross shack. Just follow the smell and bugs and you'll find it.

"Can I get you anything? This beer is on the house." Katherine smiled, and that was all it took. Her green eyes, curvy little body...Knock it off, Daniel. You don't even have a place that's suitable to bring her to.

"Thank you, Katherine. But didn't you get fired?"

"He fires me every day. Even though he's a hard ass on the outside, he's a pretty good person on the inside."

"You don't have a southern accent. You must not be from around here either." Daniel held the cold cloth against his eye.

"I lived up in Michigan, but my uncle needed my help. He fell ill with pneumonia so I came to help him out. I left school and had to use my money that I'd saved up for college to get this place up to code. Well, as much as I could. He's better now, but school is out of the question for me."

"What were you studying?" Daniel saw the sadness in the young waitress's eyes.

"Fashion Design. That's just a dream now, it'll never happen."

Daniel groaned as his hand touched the swollen flesh on his face.

"You sure you're okay?"

"I'll be fine. Do you live close by?" Daniel knew he had to find her again.

"I'm staying upstairs. There's a small studio apartment up there. It isn't much but it's a roof over my head. It's been nice talking with you, Mr. Williams, but I have to close the place up, and it's awfully late. I feel like I'm going to fall over." Katherine flashed that beautiful smile again, but Daniel could see how tired she was. His head was still throbbing and he wanted to get some sleep himself.

"See you around!" Katherine said as she turned and walked back behind the bar to the register. Katherine couldn't help but notice how gorgeous this John Williams was. Everyone looks good in a bar...Katherine shook her head.

Daniel smiled and waved before walking out to his dilapidated hunk of rusted metal. Luckily, it started after two tries.

Opening the door at his so-called apartment, the smell hit him as quickly as it did the first time. Where am I supposed to sleep? That's the question. Pulling the blanket off the twin bed, Daniel covered the couch with it and stretched out as much as he could. He quickly fell asleep but was wide awake at four in the morning. A bug was crawling up his arm, and a few more were on his chest. That does it! Daniel got up, threw on his jeans, and climbed in his pickup truck to search for a store. He'd be damned if he was going to live someplace that was full of God knows what kind of bugs.

The grocery store didn't open until six. That was just fine, he'd wait. At five-thirty, a knock on his window brought him to high alert. Daniel saw that it was an older man. He rolled down his window halfway.

"Sir, you can't sleep in the parking lot! Go on back home and get your sleep. This place is for shopping!"

Daniel read the sign. "Prairie Market." The man's name tag was covered up by an apron.

"Is this your store?"

"Yep, my name's Clyde. You must be new. Everyone knows who I am. I've lived in Prairie all my life, and this store was built and started by my father." Clyde smiled with pride.

"My name's John Williams. It's a pleasure to meet you." Daniel reached out his hand and gave Clyde a strong handshake. "What time do you open? I just need to pick up a few things."

"We open up at six, but you can come on in and get what ya need. Folks around here are pretty neighborly, but I can see you ran into someone who doesn't quite fit that description." Clyde laughed and showed a mouth with very few teeth.

Daniel put his hand to his eye. "Yeah, something like that."

Clyde walked inside the store and Daniel followed close behind. He would definitely need a cart.

"If you're gonna need more than what I carry here, you'll have to head on out to Nashville. You can find some malls and whatnot."

"Thanks, Clyde." Daniel didn't know what he was doing. He bought tons of frozen food that could be quickly heated up in the small oven. He didn't have a microwave in the gross apartment. He didn't use either back home. He dined out at restaurants, or one of the sexy women he slept with would cook for him. He also bought bottles of water, twelve cans of air freshener, bug spray, and candles in every strong scent he could find. Daniel stopped in the cleaning aisle and picked up several bottles of cleaner.

"That'll be eighty-five dollars and forty-seven cents," said Clyde.

"Eighty-five dollars?"

"Well, it's not in woodchips. Yes, dollars." Clyde eyed the young man suspiciously. He wasn't going to be happy if he had to put this stuff back on the shelves and in the freezer.

Daniel gave the man the money, then quickly realized that even though he never had to worry about price tags, and didn't even bother looking at them, he had absolutely no concept of saving money. It was just always there for him. He definitely was going to have to watch his funds. I can do this!

Driving into Nashville took up the rest of his gas. The pump was flowing as Daniel washed the bugs off of his windshield and headlights. He didn't dare wash the whole truck. The dang thing would fall apart.

Fifty-seven dollars was spent in gas by the time Daniel was finished cleaning off the front of the truck and daydreaming about his car back home. Normally he just swiped one of his credit cards and was done with it. Conserving gas and paying attention to gas prices had never even occurred to him.

Inside of a department store, Daniel picked out a set of sheets, a pillow, blankets, a pot, pan, a dinnerware and glass set, and an elegant looking box of silverware. He didn't read the brands and, once again, didn't look at the price tags.

"That'll be two hundred and fifty-four dollars," said the older woman working the register.

"Uh..." Daniel checked his wallet. "Seems I'm a bit short. I'll put the pot and pan back up." He had never been so embarrassed in his life. Going to buy something and not having enough money! Daniel was beside himself.

"That's okay, sugar. It happens to the best of us, and folks are hurtin' right now. I'll put them away for you."

"No, I'll do it, but thank you."

Daniel turned, and there was Katherine digging in her purse. She pulled out two twenty dollar bills. "It's pretty hard relocating. Here take this, it'll come in handy. You're John Williams. I'd recognize that black eye anyplace." Katherine flashed her bright smile.

Oh my God! "Well, this is kind of embarrassing for me. I've never had this happen before. I didn't bring enough cash and I haven't set an account up yet." I'm going to die...

"Here, Wanda. Take this and ring up his pot and pan."

"Katherine, you're such a sweet person," said Wanda in her slow southern voice.

Daniel wanted the ground to open up and swallow him whole. He was beyond pissed. His jaw couldn't get much tighter. Of all people, it had to be Katherine.

"I'll pay you back tonight." Daniel wanted out of that store as fast as possible. When he got inside of his truck he made a call.

"Oh, hello, Daniel, how are you?"

"Are you listening, Carl? This isn't funny! I need more money. How in the heck is someone supposed to live on three hundred and fifty dollars?!"

"Daniel, get a job if you want more money. A lot of people live on less, and some have none."

"Where am I supposed to work, Carl? Tell me that! There isn't one business out here."

"Just because the business isn't in a sky rise, doesn't mean it's not a business."

"You aren't going to help me one bit are you, Carl? What are you doing? Sitting by the pool and sipping cocktails?" Daniel spat his words with pure venom.

"It's lemonade. But time is running out, Daniel. You need to have a job so you can meet your father's requirements."

Daniel hung up the phone, started the blasted truck, and made his way to the bar. He pulled over on the side of the road before reaching the parking lot. I don't even have enough money for a beer! I can't even come in this place until next week, especially when I owe the woman who lives here forty bucks. Damn it to hell!!

He turned his truck around and drove back to the apartment. He wondered if his father hired investigators to find the worst possible living conditions in existence. He decided he'd have to find a job if he was going to live in a better place. He certainly wouldn't mind having Katherine come by.

Daniel had just emptied one entire can of air freshener, a can of bug spray, and lit six candles when he heard a knock at the door. Daniel wasn't in the mood for anyone. He flung the door open with force. "What!"

"Well, that's a fine welcome. May I come in?"

"Katherine, I'm sorry, I didn't expect anyone and I don't really have the place fixed up yet. How did you know where I lived?"

"You drive awfully fast, John. You left your pot and pan at the store. I tried to catch up to you but lost your red truck on the road. I drove around town until I spotted it. You shouldn't drive so fast, you'll get in an accident. The office said you were in apartment four."

"Well, that was nice of them." I think Beatrice needs her neck wrung.

"Wow, what's that smell?" Katherine made a sour face.

"Air freshener. The place smelled really bad when I moved in." Daniel's face turned bright red. He was used to women throwing themselves at him and admiring him for his wealth and fine tastes. He was a long way from that at the moment. He didn't dare bring up the bug spray. This fine lady will never come here and stay overnight if she knew it had a bug infestation. I definitely need to keep her on the sidewalk.

"Are you looking for work or do you already have a job?"

"No. I mean yes, I'm looking for a job."

"Most of the farms around here are hiring, especially this time of year."

"Go work on a farm..."

"The pay is decent. It's hard work but it'll keep your nice shape. I mean keep you in nice shape. Wait! Get you in shape! Okay I should shut up." Katherine couldn't imagine this man in front of her being in finer shape. His jeans hugged him in all the special places that God gave him.

Daniel saw where her eyes were pointed. He slowly turned around for her. "Is this side good, too?"

"Oh God! I wasn't looking at that!" Her red cheeks told Daniel otherwise.

"Hey, we all look. If you find something you like, go for it." Daniel gave her a wink.

"Pig!" Katherine hurried to her car, climbed in, and slammed her door. She quickly left.

That went well. He wasn't used to a challenge with a woman. Daniel was finding he liked it. He definitely needed money now, at least enough to spend more time at the bar. He wasn't done with this edible woman named Katherine. Not by a long shot. He saw that look on her face and all it did was make him want her. I'll win the business and the woman. Daniel laughed at his new challenge.

He would definitely be going to a farm. The work should be nothing but boring. How hard could shoveling hay be? Daniel popped a frozen dinner in the oven. The burning smell made him take the cardboard cover off the entre. He was realizing one thing for certain; he definitely needed to stop daydreaming. It wasn't about his car this time. What he was fantasizing about doing to the pretty strawberry blonde was mind blowing.

After he ate his burnt lasagna, he got to work with a second can of bug spray. Daniel sprayed so much of it, he had to leave the window open and go sit out in his pickup. He desperately had to move out of this infested cave.

Chapter 3

Daniel went down to the grocery store and looked on the bulletin board. He remembered seeing help wanted notifications and hoped there were some jobs available.

Clyde saw him standing in the entrance and wandered over to see if the young strong man was looking for work.

"Williams, isn't it?" Clyde stuck his hand out.

"Yes, John Williams."

"You looking to get a job? I could use some help around here. "

"Sure, I wouldn't mind helping out." Yes, I so would.

"Well, I can't pay you but minimum wage, and I don't offer benefits. I just need someone for three days a week, and it's pretty much basic work. Stocking shelves, running the cash register, bagging groceries, collecting the produce and eggs from local farmers, gathering carts, answering the phone, and being here at five in the morning to get the pick-ups finished. I have a nice work shirt for ya and it comes with a bow tie on it. Real nice looking, but the tie is just sewn on. Kind of closes and looks real when the shirt's buttoned up."

Bow tie..sewn on..looks real...

"I was looking at doing some farm work to be honest."

"Well, head on out to Montoose Farm. It's about eight miles north of here. Just stay on this road and mention that Clyde sent ya." At this, he smiled widely, rocked on his heels, and hiked his pants up.

"Uh, okay, thank you." God...

Daniel found the entrance to Montoose Farm. It was a pretty good size, thought Daniel, who didn't know anything about farms to begin with. A slightly heavyset woman, with short gray hair, stepped out of the house wearing jeans and a light blue short sleeve shirt.

"Can I help you with something?"

"Yes, is your husband here?"

"He sure is."

"Can I see him, please?" Daniel was trying not to get impatient again.

"Yep, you're more than welcome to see him. Just go on back about twenty acres and you'll find him. Just dig him up first or he might not hear ya."

"What?"

"The name is Rosie Montoose. I run this farm just fine on my own. My husband has been dead for over ten years."

"Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to upset you and I shouldn't have assumed that it was your husband I needed to speak with."

"You and every man that comes here. It's okay, I'm used to it. You got a name?"

"John Williams, it's a pleasure to meet you." Daniel put his hand out, and Rosie squeezed it tight enough to mimic any man's firm shake.

"What can I do for you, Mr. Williams?"

"Please, call me John. I was looking for some work. Are you hiring?"

"I can always use a spare set of hands. I'm not getting any younger." With her boots off, she couldn't possibly stand taller than five foot.

"When do I start?"

"I pay well for hard work, and I offer the room in the back of the barn free of charge, if you need a place to stay. I also feed my boys during the week; keeps us treating each other like family. Breakfast is at five."

"I have an apartment," Daniel cringed as he referred to that place as an actual residence.

"Oh, where ya stayin'?"

"I think it's called Rolling Waters."

"That damn hellhole that Beatrice runs?"

"I'm thinking we're talking about the same place. I'm in apartment four."

"Honey, you need to go get your things and come on back here. I'll show you the place. It's definitely better than there. Make sure you get your money back. She isn't supposed to be renting out those rooms until she cleans them up. She's had three warnings so far from the county."

"Could I see it first? I trust you and all, but it's just the way I function I guess." Live in a barn...

"Where you from?"

"New York."

Rosie eyed him suspiciously. "What did you do in New York?"

Daniel was dumbfounded. He didn't even think about having to answer a question like this.

"I worked at a Lamborghini dealership. I spent too much time there over the course of a couple months. I just wanted to take life in the slow lane for a bit." It doesn't get slower than Prairie, Tennessee.

"Come on, John. I'll show you where you can stay."

Daniel wasn't expecting what he saw. He thought maybe there'd be some loose hay for him to sleep on, with hopes of not getting stabbed by a forgotten pitchfork in the pile. What he saw lifted his mood and made him smile.

There was a large, separate thick-walled room built onto the back of the barn. He could either enter it through the horse stables or use the outside entrance that went directly to his room. Both doors had locks. Daniel was amazed that the floors in the room were oak. The bed was queen size with a thick mattress and box spring, and a beautiful quilt with small blue flowers was spread on top, which Rosie had informed him she made. There was a window with a clean white curtain, a small table, television, lamp, and microwave. It smelled clean.

"Well, what do you think? You can hear the horses at night if they're talking, but that's why the room is here. I want to make sure my babies are safe. If something happens I know that help for them is only a few steps away. You also have a phone, it's in the nightstand, and I can give you the number if you decide to move in. You're welcome to use the internet inside the house if it's working, and the shower. All I ask is that you clean up after yourself. I pay once a week, but if you're short on cash I can pay you a little each day. I only pay in cash."

"I'll take it! When can I move in and start working?"

"You can move in today and start work tomorrow. Set your alarm for five and come on up to the house. I'll have breakfast waiting for you and the coffee will be brewing. I keep the room clean, but I do expect for you to pick up after yourself."

"Thank you so much, Rosie."

Daniel drove quickly to his disgusting apartment, packed his few belongings, dropped the key off to Beatrice, and asked her for a refund for the remainder of the month. He said if she didn't give him the money he'd be happy to talk to an attorney and call the health department. Beatrice quickly handed over the three hundred and seventy-five dollars in cash.

"You charge people four hundred to live in this place?" Daniel laughed and shook his head. The next stop would be the bar. Hopefully he'd find Katherine.

He heard her singing before he actually saw her. She had a voice that made him close his eyes just so he could concentrate on the sound.

"John, I didn't know anyone was in here!"

Daniel noticed how cute she was when her face was flushed.

"You can keep singing if you'd like. Your voice is absolutely beautiful. You sing like an angel, Katherine."

"Yeah right," said Katherine as she blushed even further. "We have some karaoke on Saturday nights. I sing sometimes."

"Remind me to stop by." Daniel gave her a warm smile. He couldn't take his eyes off of hers.

"Can I get you anything, John?"

"Nah, I just stopped by to give this to you." He reached in his pocket and pulled out forty dollars and handed it to her. "I wanted to thank you for being so kind and apologize for the way I acted at the apartment. I moved so I don't have to worry about that place anymore."

"You moved away?" Katherine asked suddenly. She didn't mean to sound so panicked.

"Just up to Montoose Farm. Rosie offered me the room there and I got a job working for her. Anything is better than where I was. As a matter of fact, you'll have to come by sometime. It's a pretty nice little place." It's a third of the size of my bathroom in New York, thought Daniel as he laughed to himself.

"I'm the one who needs to apologize. I shouldn't have called you a pig."

"No harm done. I'm going to head on up there and get my room ready. I didn't get much sleep last night." Daniel was having horrible visions of the bugs on the table.

"Good luck, and I hope to see you around," she said.

Katherine stood there staring at him. Her gorgeous green eyes were creating quite a stir in Daniel. She took a step toward him and stopped. She had meant to walk around the cute stranger. Daniel let his hands move around her waist and pull her into him. She made a small sound, then quickly backed up. He could see her breathing faster.

"I'm sorry, I need to check the bathrooms and they're right behind you."

"Oh, forgive me. I'll see you soon I hope. Take care of yourself." Daniel winked and turned around to go through the door.

"Wait!" Katherine grabbed a napkin from the bar and wrote her number on it. "You don't know anyone around here yet, so in case you need something you can give me a call." Her cheeks blushed one more time for Daniel as he took the number, smiled, and walked backwards to the door. Their eyes were still locked.

Hot damn she's beautiful! Daniel was still smiling when his cell phone rang. The caller made his smile leave.

"Hey, sexy," came the purr from the other end.

"Marissa..."

"You should come over here and heat up my bed for me. I'm wearing that little outfit you love." Marissa made a small, fake laughing sound.

"Marissa, I'm not in town. I don't know when I'll be back."

"Oh darn." Marissa made a heavy sigh. "I was hoping you could take me on a nice weekend getaway on your jet." Marissa loved to be seen with this man. His gifts were the best! And his car...

Daniel was getting more turned off by the second. Marissa was getting way too needy and attached. To my money. What did he ever see in her? Hadn't he ever realized what an airhead she is? Daniel knew there were plenty of Marissas he could call as soon as he got back to New York.

"I have to go. Don't call me anymore. I have back to back appointments."

"Don't you miss me, baby?"

"Well--You know what? No I don't miss you. Goodbye, Marissa. There are more rich guys out there. Go find yourself a different one." Daniel hung up the phone. He didn't even feel bad about it. He would love to have all the money right now that he'd wasted on Marissa. He could certainly use it! Women like her were just chasing riches and using anyone they could get their claws into. Hot women in New York were a dime a dozen.

The phone rang again. "Marissa, I was serious. I don't want to talk to you anymore. I made a bad business decision and lost all my money. I'm totally broke."

"Oh. Well you're right. We probably wouldn't work out..." She quickly hung up.

Daniel looked at himself in the mirror when he climbed up in his pickup. I can't believe I was letting that woman use me for that long. Normally he broke it off after a couple of dates. Daniel looked at his own face. You were using her. You used every single woman you ever had contact with. You've been using people your entire life...Daniel proceeded to stare at his face for way too long. He shook the thoughts from his head and drove toward the farm.

Rosie met him outside and handed him the key and a slip of paper that had his new phone number on it. He smiled as he slipped it in his pocket. His fingers brushed the napkin from the bar that Katherine had written her phone number on.

"I put an extra blanket in there and made you a bite to eat in case you're hungry. The phone number up to the house is the same, except the last number is a one. It was easier for me to remember that way."

"Thank you so much, Rosie. I can already tell I'm going to have the best night's sleep since I got here."

Rosie smiled and said goodnight.

Daniel walked in through the back door. He didn't want to disturb the horses, plus he was afraid of them. He'd never really been near one.

The room was so beautiful. He smelled the apple pie as soon as he opened the door. Rosie had made a plate of ham, potato salad, beans, cornbread, and a nice salad. She even included half of an apple pie that was still warm. The entire meal was at the perfect temperature because of the meticulous way she wrapped it. Daniel didn't realize how starving he was. He ate all of it except for one slice of pie.

Time for the real test, he thought. Daniel stripped down to his black boxers and climbed under the sheets. The bedding was so soft and comfortable against his skin, and the scent was fresh, sweet, and clean. He set the alarm on his phone for four forty-five, then fell fast to sleep. For some reason he dreamed of his mother's face, which he had only seen in pictures. Her voice sounded just like Rosie's.

When Daniel's alarm went off he cursed. It took him a minute to figure out what the alarm was set for, but then he sprang out of bed. He got dressed in a green flannel shirt and jeans, put his work boots on, then gathered his dishes and headed up to the house. The light was shining on the porch.

He knocked on the door softly and twisted the handle.

"Come on in, John. You don't have to knock. You don't have a bathroom down there so you'll have to come up to the house. I should really build one. Have a seat." Rosie greeted him with a smile.

Daniel's mouth was watering. The smell of scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuits, and gravy filled the air. Rosie set the plates of food on the table and poured two hot cups of coffee.

"Rosie, this is delicious. I thought last night's dinner was heaven, but you've outdone yourself this morning," Daniel said with his mouth full, forgetting all manners.

"I'm glad you like it. I love to cook. If you're ever down there and get hungry, come on up and help yourself to the food. I just ask that you clean your mess up before you leave." Rosie smiled and sipped her coffee. "Did the heater keep you warm enough?" It wasn't yet April and was still pretty chilly at night.

"To be honest, I fell asleep the second I put my head on the pillow. I really like the room, Rosie. Thank you."

Daniel hadn't eaten that much food in his life. It was also the first time that biscuits and gravy had ever reached his lips. If he lived here permanently, he'd be the size of a house.

"Isn't anyone else showing up?"

"I'm kind of short on workers right now. There's just me and Sam. But now you're here so that'll be a big help!"

"Does Sam live here?"

"No, but he'll be up here around six. You'll meet him soon enough. His bark is worse than his bite. He's a nice man once you get to know him."

"I'm ready to get started as soon as I'm finished. That shouldn't take too long because this food is amazing." Daniel didn't know what he'd been missing. My father's chef could learn a few things from this woman, that's for damn sure.

"I would like for you to brush down my horses if you don't mind. Sadly, I only have two. I had four but had to put two of them down over the past three years because of old age. They were suffering and were my babies, so I wasn't about to let that continue. The vet said it was the best thing I could have done. She put them to sleep and they didn't feel a thing."

"Um..okay. I'm sorry about your other horses, but..." Daniel got a very nervous look on his face, and he could feel his heart begin to beat faster.

"John, have you ever worked with horses?"

"Rosie, I won't lie to you. I'll do anything that can be taught to me. I'm kind of fearful of them."

Rosie smiled, reached over, and patted Daniel on the shoulder. "Not all the work around here has to involve working with the animals. But I think you should spend time around the horses. They're great, loyal, and I think they just have a way of making everything better."

"Well, as long as you don't laugh at me too hard, I'm ready when you are."

Rosie opened up the barn door, and the nickers and neighs came quickly.

"Good morning, girls!" Rosie walked up to each stall and went inside.

Daniel was amazed at how much love was evident between this little older woman and these huge animals.

"Won't they hurt you in there?"

"No, my girls are sweet things," said Rosie as she led each horse out to feed buckets and tethered them to the gate. "I don't like the horses running around in the pasture with their halters on, so just make sure you take them off."

"They're so big," said a wide-eyed Daniel as he slowly backed up.

"First things first. You need to get rid of that fear. They can sense it in you. Go in that cabinet and bring the brush out."

Daniel nodded, went to the cabinet, and found the big brush. "Is this it?"

"That's it. There's another one in there. How about you grab both and I'll brush one of them. This is Patches, and this one is Daisy. Come to me so we can get you introduced." There was no way Rosie was going to trust someone with her horses without seeing firsthand how they interacted with them.

"Introduced..."

"John, come over to me." Rosie was trying not to laugh.

Daniel walked slowly up to the horse that was nearest to Rosie.

"Hold your hand out."

Daniel did as he was told, and Rosie placed a quarter of an apple in his hand.

"Okay, keep your hand flat and feed it to her." Rosie saw Daniel's jaw clenching.

"I've had my girls for almost twenty years and they've never bitten anyone. Don't be afraid, John, as long as you're loving and gentle toward them, you won't be harmed. But any animal that feels they're in danger has the ability to protect itself."

Both of Rosie's girls were large quarter horses. Patches was chestnut while Daisy was white. Daniel had to admit that they were very beautiful.

Daisy stretched her neck, smelled Daniel's hand, and gently took the apple from his flat palm. His smile was huge.

"Well, I think she likes you, John. Here's one for Patches."

Daniel took the apple and fed it to the big chestnut beauty. "Should I pet them?"

"I think you should. Just remember not to startle them and don't stand or walk too close behind the horses. That way you won't get kicked. I can go behind them but they trust me. They don't quite know you yet." Rosie walked over to the side of the barn and opened up the large sliding door.

Daniel stood in front of each horse and softly stroked their necks and faces. "Wow, this is pretty cool. Talk about a soft nose. Can I brush one of them now?"

"You sure can. Just watch what I do and repeat it. They love getting brushed and it's a great way for them to get to know you."

It was an hour or so before Rosie and Daniel let the horses out of the barn. Daniel squinted up at the sun as he took a deep breath. He didn't ever think he would smell such clean air.

"Oh there's Sam! Come and meet him, he's your other boss while you're working here."

"Howdy, you must be, John. I'm Sam, and it's my pleasure." Sam offered a rough, tanned, and calloused hand. His weathered face, framed by gray hair, revealed too much sun exposure and decades of hard work.

"Nice to meet you, Sam. I'm ready to work."

"Great!" Sam's smile dropped instantly. "Go in the barn and shovel out the horse stalls. Put the manure over there in that pile. We'll be using it in the garden. Put fresh straw down, then start cleaning out that field." Sam walked off.

"His bark is worse than his bite. Don't forget that, John. He'd give someone the shirt off his back if they needed it. He's just gotten more crotchety in his old age. I'm going up a ways to do some clearing. I'll see you in a bit." Rosie turned and walked toward a shed, which contained the supplies she'd need.

So, shovel horse shit. Nice. Daniel's cell phone rang.

"How is it going, Daniel?"

"Carl, you always know when to call me."

"Daniel, are you still in Prairie? I stopped by your apartment and the office informed me that you no longer reside there."

"Yes, Carl, I'm in Prairie. But I moved out of that disease-ridden dump my father had me in."

"Where are you staying, Daniel?"

"On a farm. I'm working here as kind of a ranch hand."

"Oh my..." Carl busted out laughing. "Excuse me, Daniel, I do apologize." Carl laughed even harder.

"What's so funny, Carl?"

"Just thoughts of you out running in the pasture, stepping in horse and cow manure. Thankfully you have work boots." Carl laughed until he was coughing.

"Actually, Carl, I haven't stepped in it yet, but I have to let you go because I need to shovel horse shit out of the stalls. Go tell my father that, so you can both get a good laugh." Daniel hung up the phone.

He found the wheelbarrow and a shovel easily enough. Walking into the stall, Daniel didn't have to look down to know what he stepped in. He heard the squish.

Chapter 4

Daniel finally climbed in the hot shower before heading to the table for another delicious meal that Rosie would serve. His entire body ached. Not just soreness like he experienced after a hard workout at the gym, but broken. His body felt absolutely broken, and Daniel was convinced that it was. But tomorrow was Sunday and Rosie had told him he could have that day off. He was looking forward to going up to the bar. He had been thinking about Katherine almost constantly.

Rosie looked at his boots and told him he'd have to leave them on the porch. She found a pair of her husband's tan cowboy boots, and Daniel tried them on. He wouldn't be caught dead in them around anyone he knew, but they were good enough for this town. Better than smelling like horse shit.

He climbed into the old pickup truck and headed into town. He was hoping he'd find Katherine. His eyes lit up when he saw the sign posted out front that advertised karaoke from eight until midnight. Please let her sing.

At seven forty-five, Daniel walked into the crowded bar. Once again the music was blaring. He noticed that the table in the back corner was empty. Daniel had to sit down slowly because every muscle in his body was protesting with each movement he made.

Katherine was at the bar putting drinks on a tray. Her hair was loose, and her strawberry blonde curls flowed down the back of her little black dress. Daniel couldn't stop himself from watching her move. Her hips swung slightly to the beat of the music, and he found himself wanting to sneak up behind her. Her long, slender legs moved so gracefully, and he hungered to know what they would feel like wrapped around him. Stop it, Daniel. But it didn't work. Daniel was turning to putty.

Katherine got a glimpse of John out of the corner of her eye. She walked to his table and pulled out her order pad and a pen from her apron.

"Nice to see you again, John. Can I get you something to drink?" Katherine could already feel her palms getting sweaty.

"I'd love a cold beer, and I'll let you pick."

"Okay, I hope I don't disappoint you!"

"I doubt that you ever could." Daniel thought he whispered this but apparently it wasn't quiet enough.

Katherine turned around and stared at him, then headed back to the bar. She spilled the first beer. Her hands were shaking, and the gorgeous man staring at her wasn't helping at all. Finally she got the cold mug on the tray and carried it over.

"Here you go. Do you want to just start a tab?"

"That sounds good. Can you sit for a bit or do you need to get back to work?"

"Actually I'm working until midnight. I'm just here to do the karaoke and help out a little. My uncle is closing up."

"Are you singing?"

"Well, I wish I wasn't, because now that I know you're here I'll be nervous." Katherine laughed, but she couldn't have been more serious.

"Well, I won't keep you."

Katherine gave his order to the bartender, then walked over to the end of the dance floor and picked up the microphone. After a few words about the specials she flipped on the music. The guys in the crowd went crazy. Daniel glared at each of them, wondering if she was seeing one of them. His jealousy didn't last too long, though. When the beautiful music left Katherine's sweet mouth, he felt the goose bumps form on his arms. Wow, how does a voice like that-Daniel's thoughts were cut off when Katherine turned her body to face him. She was singing the most beautiful love song he'd ever heard with so much warmth and passion on her face and in her eyes. Daniel didn't even realize he'd been holding his breath until she turned to face the crowd again.

The crowd persuaded Katherine to sing four more songs. Each time she filled the room with her angelic voice, she had the crowd's attention.

At midnight, she thanked everyone and said goodnight. She went behind the bar and grabbed her purse and keys and headed for the door. Daniel ran to the bar and threw a twenty dollar bill at the bartender, then went out after her as fast as he could.

"Katherine!" Daniel yelled as he spotted her walking down the path that led to the back of the bar.

"Hey, John."

"You seem exhausted," Daniel said as he looked down at what he thought was a tired face.

Katherine looked at the ground. The last thing she wanted was to get involved with someone who would probably leave town as quickly as he showed up. If she could leave, she'd do the same thing. There was no hope for her to reach her dreams, go back to college, and start a life she could be proud of. She was sure she wanted a husband, a family. But this guy was someone she'd have to worry about. She needed to stop listening to her body and her desires. Katherine knew it couldn't be her heart, she'd just met him. But then again, she had a bad habit of attaching to men, quickly.

"Yeah, I guess I'm pretty tired." The sad, sinking feeling was overtaking her.

"Well, I was kind of hoping to go for a nice drive with you and show you my room out at the farm. It's so beautiful and peaceful. Maybe we could just go for a quiet walk."

"John, I don't think this is a good idea." He wants to get me to his bed, then dump me. Another notch for his bedpost.

"Why not?" Daniel definitely was not used to a woman turning him down. His irritation and shock was evident.

"Don't get me wrong, you seem like a nice guy, but I have plans. I want out of this town. I want to go back to college and get a career that can give me a start to a better life." Like my own place and a damn car that runs more than once a week. "I want to have nice things, John. There is nothing in Prairie that can give that to me."

"So in other words, I don't make enough money for you. Are you ashamed because I'm just a ranch hand? Or maybe I don't dress good enough for you? Or perhaps I don't live in a mansion and my clothes don't come from a world famous designer? Maybe I don't have enough money to pay for your college?! Is that it?" Daniel was seeing red. She had no idea who the hell he was. Obviously, who I am as a person doesn't mean a thing. I wouldn't have thought this woman was so materialistic.

"John, I was hoping you wouldn't take offense to what I said."

"What you're saying is that I'm not good enough for you." Daniel was breathing hard.

"No, that isn't it at all. I just don't want to be stuck here for the rest of my life. There's definitely a reason you came to Prairie. I doubt you dislike it as much as I do. I spent many years in this town. Finally I got to leave and go make something of myself. Then, out of the blue, I had to come back. Do you know what it feels like to be suddenly out of place without your say-so?" Of course you don't, John. You have no wife, no responsibility, and...His eyes were looking down into hers. He had moved closer and she didn't even notice; it just seemed to have happened. She gasped when he bent down and whispered in her ear.

"Katherine...I'm not the guy you think I am. I won't even take you near my room. We can go for a walk. If I get out of bounds you won't ever see me again. Just think about it..."

Katherine's eyes closed while he spoke to her. Her body felt the ripples of something she'd never experienced so quickly. How could she say no? It was just a walk, and she didn't have to do anything she didn't want to.

"Okay, I'll come with you. Just the walk part though. I don't think I'm comfortable going to your room." Katherine refused to go through another hopeful situation with a guy that ended with lies, a one night stand, and never being called again. That's what she got for succumbing to her desires. No passion, no love, nothing that was important to her.

Daniel smiled so wide. He took her by the hand and led her to his old pickup. He was getting used to the rickety beast. He opened the rusty door and Katherine climbed in.

"I meant what I said, Katherine, about your voice."

"Thanks, but I really don't believe it's anything special. I can keep a tune but so can many others." Katherine's cheeks flushed, making her grateful for the darkness.

"No, that was only part of it. You sing like something I've never heard before."

"I'm sure you sing pretty good yourself, John."

"You so don't want to hear me sing."

"I will get you to sing." Katherine allowed herself to laugh.

Daniel could feel her relaxing. He would normally have pursued and pushed the issue of bringing her to his room, using every trick in his seduction book to lure her to his bed. He was good at it and had done it all of his adult life. Most women required very little encouragement. But Katherine, on the other hand, wasn't someone to be persuaded. Any attempts at luring this woman would make her run. That's the last thing he wanted.

The stars were so bright across the sky. There was a gentle breeze, and the air was so clean. Daniel parked his pickup, walked around to her door, and opened it for her. Katherine let him take her by the hand to support her as she climbed down from the seat. Her soft curls blew away from her face, and when she had both feet on the ground she looked up at him. He smelled of clean and goodness, and if there was one thing that could weaken Katherine, it was a man who smelled good. She went to pull her hand away. She was fearful of the feelings that were soaring through her.

Daniel didn't let go.

"Come with me and let's walk," he whispered. His lips were close to her face. He placed a gentle kiss on her cheek and looked back into her eyes. "Did I tell you how beautiful you look this evening?"

"No, I don't believe you did. Does that mean I look ugly the rest of the time?" Katherine let out a soft laugh to try and tame the atmosphere that was lingering between them.

"Ever since the first time I met you I was taken back by your beauty. You are, indeed, a very gorgeous woman." Daniel was used to women who went to great lengths to be beautiful. Katherine wasn't even wearing makeup and her face was perfect.

"Thank you, John. You're not so bad yourself." Katherine knew she had never seen a more breathtaking man in her life, but the last thing she wanted to do was reveal just how attracted to him she was.

Walking hand in hand, Daniel guided her around a natural spring, then through a field to a meadow that had wild flowers growing. The moon was bright and made her look angelic.

He could sense her nervousness, so Daniel stopped in the middle of the meadow, and with both of his hands he held hers and pulled her towards him. Their bodies were barely touching.

"Katherine, I don't want you to be afraid of me. I'd never hurt you."

"I've heard that many times, John. Every time a guy breaks my heart, I close up. I don't want to risk letting anyone in. I just want to move on with my life and try my best to leave this town, leave my past, and be happy."

"But you can't see yourself being happy with me?"

"I don't even know you, John. You showed up in town and I felt some things. I don't believe in love at first sight and all that other crap. Been there, done that. Hopes of living a fairytale left me years ago. There is no prince, there isn't a white horse, there isn't a castle or happily ever after. Not for me anyway."

"I like you a lot, Katherine, and I think about you."

"Like me how? I've seen you look at me. That's what most guys want. Nothing like a nice roll in the sack. I'm not like that. Do you know what it feels like to be promised things, then give yourself to someone just for them to never call you again? I'm done being stupid."

"I'm not going to lie to you. I have definitely fantasized about being with you. But it's more than that."

"Okay look me in the eyes, John, and answer me something. Have you ever used a woman for sex?"

Uh oh. That's all Daniel has ever done. He's never had feelings for any woman other than for sex. If they were really good in bed he called them back. He never led the women he slept with into believing he'd settle down with them, or that they meant anything to him. But he was used too. He was used for his money, his power, his looks even. I don't want that with her. His thoughts were surprising him. The first sight of commitment made him run.

"Yes. Yes, I have used women for sex. That was in my past, I'm not like that anymore."

"Have you ever been married?"

"Katherine, I've never been married, engaged, or had a long-term relationship with a woman. I've never found anyone that I wanted that from. Not only that, I was very immature. What I needed was to grow up."

"At least you admit it." Katherine looked down at the ground, and a tear slid down her cheek. She knew he'd be no different.

Daniel placed his hand softly under her chin and raised her face to him. He wiped away her tear with the other hand. "Wait right here."

Daniel ran into the darkness and came back with a small bouquet of wild flowers. He smiled and handed them to her. Daniel had never in his life hand picked flowers, nor bothered to pick them out at a florist. A simple phone call and delivery boy did just fine.

Katherine took the flowers and looked at him. "John, thank you for picking these for me, but I just think this is wrong. My body is telling me one thing being this close to you, but my mind is yelling at me to run. I've never listened to logic and reason. That's why I've been hurt every single time."

"Come here." Daniel wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into his chest. "Does this scare you?"

"No..." Oh God. Katherine knew she should just back the hell up, but his smell, his warmth, and strength were causing her to move in closer.

"Look at me."

Katherine lifted her cheek off of his chest and looked up at Daniel's beautiful, perfect face.

"Katherine, may I kiss you? I'm having a hard time being this close and not kissing you."

"Seriously, John, I'm not sure if it's a good idea." Katherine repeated as she slowly backed away.

Daniel wrapped his arms around her, running his fingers up through the back of her hair and bringing her mouth slowly to his. Not one movement was rushed.

Katherine opened her lips and let the soft, gentle kiss happen. Her legs became unsteady, causing Daniel to hold her even closer. She couldn't ever remember being kissed so passionately, so deliberately, so sweetly.

This guy is too amazing to be single. He must have wreckage where he used to live. He's probably married and looking for something on the side. Any cute girl who crossed his path would end up in his bed. Katherine quickly backed away.

"John, I should go."

"I would love to see you again."

"I don't know. I'll call you but I don't think I'm ready to see anyone. Let's just be friends, okay?"

Daniel's jaw tightened. The 'friends' file. Me? I've never been put in there. That's the line I give out!

Katherine started walking back to the truck and stayed about three feet in front of Daniel.

"Katherine, wait." Daniel never begged for anything in his life, but he wasn't beyond begging this woman.

"John, I just want to go home, I'm tired." Katherine was crying softly.

"You're not leaving because you're tired. You're running."

"Let it rest, John, and just take me back home."

"Stop!" Daniel took a couple of large steps and put his hand on her arm and gently pulled.

"What do you want from me? A quick lay?!" Katherine couldn't stop Daniel from seeing her tears. The moonlight was on her face.

"You aren't leaving like this. Come here. Even friends hold each other from time to time. I've grown up, Katherine. Maybe I haven't settled down because I never found anyone I wanted to spend my life with." Daniel pulled her into his chest.

Katherine buried her face and let the sobs out. She slowly sank down to the grass. She had never talked about this with anyone, especially not a man she just met.

But Daniel kept his word, sat on the grass in front of her, and just held her. Katherine cried until she thought she had nothing left inside of her.

"I'm so sorry, John. I didn't mean to unleash all of that on you. I want to go home and go to bed." Katherine, in all her shame, stood on her feet.

"I'll take you home, but not until I know that you're okay."

"Why do you care?"

"I'm not who or what you think I am. Come with me, and I'll prove it to you."

Daniel held Katherine's hand and walked the five minutes in silence toward the barn. When he reached the outside door, he opened it and turned on the light.

"Wow, I wouldn't have expected it to look like this. It's so pretty." Katherine knew that he could see her red, blotched face, so she stared back down to the ground.

"I have a surprise to show you."

Daniel shut and locked the outside door to his room, without thinking of what it would do to Katherine. She was beside herself with instant fear. He quickly opened the door that led to the stables, then found the light and flipped it on. Daniel wasn't happy with himself for being so thoughtless. Katherine sighed with relief.

"This one is Patches, and this is Daisy. They're such sweethearts. I was afraid of horses, but Rosie helped me out with that. You can pet them."

Daniel approached Daisy and softly patted the side of her neck. Then the big white horse raised her head, and Daniel rubbed her soft nose.

"Come and pet her, Katherine. There are white horses. I might not be a prince or a magical knight, but I'm not going to hurt you."

Katherine approached the horse, and after several minutes with both Patches and Daisy, she found herself smiling and laughing.

"Are you feeling better, Katherine?"

"Yes, thank you for...well, I obviously had a lot to get out of my system. Those are things I've never told anyone before."

"Thank you for trusting me as much as you have. Let me lock up and walk you back to the truck. Hopefully, you'll sleep like a lamb." Daniel bent down and softly kissed her cheek. After locking up the barn, he held Katherine's hand on the way back to the truck.

Katherine climbed in, and when Daniel started the truck, she turned on the radio. Without even thinking, she began to sing. He was in heaven.

The lights were off in the small town, and the bar area was dark. Daniel got out of the truck and opened her door.

"Thank you for a nice evening, John. I'm glad I went with you."

"I'm very glad you came out there with me. But you aren't going up to that apartment by yourself. It's dark, and I need to know you're safe." He took her hand again and walked her up the unlit steps. Daniel took the keys from her hand and opened the door, turned on the light for her, then let her walk in behind him.

All Katherine could do was smile. "Goodnight, John."

"Sleep tight, Katherine, and I hope I can see you again."

Daniel saw that she wasn't going to respond, so he smiled and turned to walk back down the steps. When he reached the gravel, he heard her.

"I'd like that," she said and hurried to shut the door.

Chapter 5

Daniel tossed and turned all night long, unable to erase Katherine from his mind. He wanted to take her pain away and realized he had two people to prove something to; his father and Katherine. Working the soil all day gave him the monotonous motions to allow his mind to wander where it wanted to. His body, once again, was killing him.

He decided to help around the farm on Sunday instead of taking the day off, and Rosie was very grateful for his help. She was getting too old to work like she used to. It bothered Daniel to see her working as hard as she does. She shouldn't have to work like this at all.

After a nice long, hot shower, Daniel climbed in his truck to head to town. He sat in the bar and waited. No Katherine. He got the attention of another waitress and beckoned her to his table.

"Good evening, hot stuff. What can I get for ya?"

"Is Katherine working today?"

"Nope, she's off until tomorrow night, but she's supposed to come in and cover for me for a few while I run up to the store real quick. Saw her leave earlier, but I'm not sure where she went. My name is Emily and I'd be happy to help you." Emily winked and smiled at the handsome man.

"Thanks anyway, but I'm just going to head on out." Daniel couldn't wait to get out of there. Short shorts, a skimpy top, willingness...in his other life, Daniel would have definitely checked out what she had to offer.

His phone rang as he left the bar. The music was still pretty loud out front.

"What do you want, Carl?"

"I'm just checking on you, Daniel. Did you quit your job? Is that loud country music I hear?"

"No, I didn't quit my job."

"Really? We were wondering how long you would last. I figured you would quit after two hours and your father bet-" Carl cut himself off and cleared his throat.

"Carl, I don't really care how funny you and my father think this is. What you can tell him is that I'm not minding this little town at all."

"Very well, Daniel. I'll call you in a day or two to check in."

Daniel hung up the phone. He was done talking to Carl; done with the games. He had only one person on his mind and she wasn't around. Daniel was shocked at how worried he was about Katherine. He didn't like her feeling so sad. I really want to see her again.

Rounding the corner on the edge of town, he spotted her. His stomach hit the ground. Katherine was embraced in another man's arms. She kissed his cheek, then climbed into the passenger side of a Corvette. Are you kidding me?? Daniel wasted no time in flying right up beside the black sports car.

"Hello, Katherine. I'm so glad that you're feeling better," Daniel said through his clenched teeth.

"Katherine, who is this?" asked the tall, blond-haired driver of the Corvette.

"You like rich guys with nice sports cars? Is that it?" Daniel was so ticked off. "So, it's money that rings your bell?"

"Look, back off before I help you out." Blond Guy said threateningly.

But Daniel didn't stop. "You were so worried about me using you, and here you are using him. What you didn't want to do was come right out and tell me that I'm not the free ticket you wanted. Isn't that it, Katherine?"

Katherine sat there, embarrassed, pissed off, and hurt. "Get out of here, John."

"You heard the lady, leave."

"You women are all alike. Did you know that, Katherine? You are not who I thought you were."

Blond Guy gave Daniel a dirty look and revved the engine of his Corvette.

"I'm going to go, Katherine, and you're right, I guess this never was a good idea." Looking Blond Guy in the eyes, Daniel said "Your car's a piece of shit." He didn't dare say anything else for fear of exposing his identity, not to mention stepping out of his truck and kicking Blond Guy's ass.

Daniel drove back in the direction of the farm. His heart felt broken, and his head, confused. His mood was very foul. Wait a minute. She has to go back and cover for that Emily woman. Daniel wasn't happy with his thoughts or his jealous rage that was flaring. He found out one thing; when it came to Katherine he couldn't simply walk away.

Daniel raced his truck back to the bar. Inside he found Emily taking off her apron. He approached her without hesitation.

"So, I was kind of hoping that you'd share a dance with me before you left, sweetheart." Daniel gave her a sexy smile.

"Oh my, you're just what the doctor ordered!" Emily sauntered over to the jukebox and selected a nice, slow love song. She wasted no time walking into the yummy stranger's arms.

Daniel turned her slowly so he could face the door. When he saw it open he pulled Emily close to his body, whispered how sexy she looked, then buried his face in her neck. Her perfume was strong and suffocating.

Katherine stopped dead in her tracks when she opened the door. He really is a pig! She tried to hide her hurt and anger and proceeded to the bar like it didn't even phase her. She was heartbroken. Emily will definitely put out. What a bastard! She watched as the couple flirted and moved slowly on the dance floor.

Daniel knew that he was getting to Katherine. For a little added visual, he slid his hand down from her lower back and squeezed her behind some. Even Emily was surprised, but hell, she wasn't going to complain. She simply returned the sexy touch.

"Okay, Emily, you're back on and I'm out of here. Have a nice evening."

Daniel watched as Katherine snatched up her purse and keys and stormed out of the bar.

Daniel wanted to run after her. But no way was he going to bend. "Well, I have to get some shuteye, Emily. Thanks for the dance."

"Anytime, sexy thang. I will always have a dance for you, and if you ever want to ..." Emily smiled, blushed, and winked at Daniel.

He was getting more turned off by the second. Emily's bleached-out hair, heavy makeup, and raunchy perfume was getting to him. He couldn't wait to get away from this woman. All he wanted to do was confront Katherine. He had accomplished making her feel upset, probably jealous. But he wasn't feeling good about it at all now. He drove around for a while, trying to calm down and get the visual of Katherine in someone else's embrace out of his head. It didn't work.

Pulling into the driveway, he spotted Rosie walking over to him.

"John, could you come in and change a bulb for me? It's too dark to go haul the ladder in here, and I can't reach it even on a chair."

"Sure, Rosie." Daniel climbed out of the truck and headed toward the house.

Rosie spotted his mood quickly. "John, what's gotten under your hat this evening?"

"Nothing, Rosie, I'm okay."

Rosie shook her head in disbelief and walked with Daniel to the house. He quickly changed the bulb and silently walked out of the house to the barn.

The horses gave him their 'soft talk', as Rosie called it, when he entered the barn. He stopped to give them both some attention. At the moment, they were his two favorite females. They didn't talk. They didn't use him. They didn't play any games. "Since when am I, Daniel Giordano, not good enough?" He went inside of his room and lay down on the bed. He wished he could just shut off his thoughts. He could still picture Katherine in the arms of another guy. She was in my arms last night! A Corvette. Really?? Daniel began to question himself further. Without money and a flashy lifestyle, do I not have anything to offer?

The longer Daniel lay there thinking, the more pissed he became. He walked out to his truck, climbed in the sputtering machine, and headed over to the bar. He wasn't finished telling Katherine exactly what he was thinking. Hopefully a good fight with her would make him want to throw her far out of his mind, or bring her to her senses. His insides were hoping for the latter.

Blond Guy's Corvette was sitting in the parking lot. Damn! Daniel walked right in the front door of the bar with his fists clenched at his sides. There she was, standing at the bar, with a beer in her hand. Blond Guy's arm was around her. She was laughing and smiling.

Katherine felt someone's presence behind her. She turned her head and saw John about six feet away.

"I'm going to go upstairs. Are you coming?" She said to Blond Guy.

"Yep, I'm just going to finish this beer, then I'll be up."

Katherine smiled, kissed his cheek, and left the bar.

Daniel went right behind her.

"Why are you following me, John?"

"Katherine, what are you doing? You were in my arms last night and now you're in his? Are you really like this? Was I completely wrong about you?"

"John, you have the wrong idea..."

"The HELL I do!" Daniel yelled just as Blond Guy grabbed him by the shoulder and spun him around.

"I thought we straightened out your ignorant behavior," said Blond Guy as he drew back his fist.

Daniel had enough. He blocked the punch and hit the poor bastard right in the face. "There you go, Katherine. He's already lying down for you and everything. Sorry if he can't kiss you for a couple of days."

"Oh my God! Jacob!"

"Jacob...yeah, you have fun with Jacob. Just remember one thing, Katherine, I could have made you a very happy woman."

With that, Daniel stepped over Jacob's sprawled out body and climbed in the truck. He knew that there was no other option than to get the hell out of Prairie. Get the hell away from Katherine.

Daniel spent his days busting his butt around the farm, sleeping, avoiding Carl's phone calls, and sleeping some more. He vowed to never step foot in that bar again. Weeks had passed and he still couldn't get Katherine out of his head. He avoided going into town as much as possible. The last thing he needed was to run into her precious Jacob. Daniel had lots of different names for him and would love to loudly verbalize each one to his face, but to avoid jail, he had to stay away from the guy.

He picked up the phone and dialed his father.

"Daniel, how are you?" Francesco got up and walked over to the large office windows that looked over Manhattan. He wanted to retire; he wanted his son to take over the business.

"Father, I'm sorry for everything. You were right, I needed to grow up and learn some things. I desperately need to come home though."

"What have you learned?" Francesco missed his son and couldn't hide the compassion in his voice. But he had to be sure. He weakened when it came to Daniel, and that's the worst thing he could do.

"I've learned about hard work, making it on my own, that women are crazy, and that I'll remain a bachelor for the rest of my life!" Daniel didn't realize how loud and fast he was talking.

"If you feel all of that, Daniel, you still aren't ready to come home. What you're doing is running, which you've done all your life. You run to escape decisions, emotions, and responsibility. I love you and I miss you, my son, but now isn't the time."

Daniel listened to his father hang up the phone.

The weeks were one big blur to Daniel. He felt as if everything had been stripped from him. Everything had. He was feeling that way each morning as he got up for work at the farm. Mornings turned into nights, nights turned into the dreaded mornings of knowing there was nothing for him to look forward to. He didn't even care about the family business anymore. He had definitely avoided the bar at all costs.

Daniel's body had gotten more muscular, but it didn't make the work any easier under the heat of the sun. He never planted a thing in his life, let alone rows of vegetables, corn, potatoes, and other things. What saved him was the daydreaming. Constantly dreaming of Katherine made the hours fly by. She had proved him wrong, though. She was no different than Marissa and the rest of the women he entertained.

It wasn't normal for him to be thinking of just one woman. He didn't want to think about Katherine, but if he stopped, it would mean that she'd be totally gone. She wasn't someone Daniel was ready to let go of.

The summer months had blended, and the heat was horrid. The horseflies had left their share of bites, as Daniel had become accustomed to taking off his shirt. He found himself working ridiculously hard so Rosie would have less to do. Why aren't there other people helping? Where the hell is Sam?

He stopped one blistering day to wash his head down with the garden hose. The rows of plants that were producing delicious food for the table gave him a sense of pride, a sense of accomplishment, respect for the south and the clean, peaceful scenery. The most respect was for the farmers. No one works harder. Even though he felt sore most days, he could definitely see why Rosie loved it here so much.

He had become so fond of the horses and had absolutely no fear of them. Without being asked, he would wash them down and groom them. Daniel had more conversations with these horses than he could count.

The summer flew by for Daniel. He was grateful when the days began to cool off and autumn spread its glorious colors across the land.

It was such a beautiful day. The temperature was perfect, so Daniel wanted to walk and just enjoy the scenery. He was feeling completely relaxed until he found himself standing in the meadow, right where he'd pulled Katherine into his arms. Right where he'd held her when she cried and told him the things she wanted out of life. She disclosed her sorrow, her pain, and did it so well. Some guy shows up with the nicest car that Prairie has probably ever seen, and she runs to him! He left the meadow with his mood no longer light. Daniel headed to his room so he could doze off. Sleeping and working the land had become his favorite times of each day. Being in his own head was crushing him. He'd never felt this way before and was just sinking inside himself.

Rosie was waiting for him at the kitchen table with a plate full of food that she had prepared, and a steaming cup of coffee. The leaves had fallen from the trees, and the sky stayed gloomy more days than it didn't. The morning frosts were definitely warning of winter's arrival. The young man had been on the farm for eight months, and Rosie had become quite fond of him. His joyful disposition had dropped like the leaves, and she couldn't withhold her concern any longer.

"Okay, spill it." Rosie was done watching him mope around. He was way too young not be enjoying himself in life.

"Spill what?" Daniel ate without even bothering to savor the flavor of the delicious, hot meal.

"John, you're not even the same person. Something happened to you, and if I had to guess, I'd say it has something to do with a female."

"There isn't a female in my life." Daniel wished she would just change the topic.

"There are more fish in the sea, it's a true story."

"Rosie, I do not want a woman in my life. They all want the same thing." Daniel had to change the topic for her, or he risked spilling something about his real identity. He was forbidden to attach himself to the Giordano name. The deal was to make it on his own without having the family's wealth and reputation carry him.

"So, how are the horses?"

"You were with them last night for over two hours. Those aren't the females I was talking about. What's going on, John? Maybe the advice from an old bat like me could help some."

"No offense, Rosie, but there aren't any good women left. They all want material things you can give to them, not what your heart can offer."

"John, that's a big crock of bull."

"Well, I met someone and all she did was take off with the first guy in a fancy car." A piece of shit car.

"If you want that woman, go get her. That's how you do it. Sitting around moping, not having any contact with her, isn't going to get you anyplace. If you don't tell her, she'll never know how you feel. Women aren't mind readers, John." Rosie winked at Daniel, then walked outside towards the barn to take care of the horses. She heard the door open and close behind her.

"So just go get her? I'm not a caveman. Besides, I don't have any problems getting women." Just not the woman I want. Daniel's voice was rising just bringing the topic up. He had tried to be a gentleman, he hadn't rushed her. And she turned around and did what she did. She deserved that display with Emily.

"I'll tell you what. We did a lot out in the field yesterday and there isn't anything pressing today. Go find her and tell this woman what you feel. Women need that."

"If it goes like the last time I was at the bar, will you bail me out of jail?"

"Absolutely!" Rosie laughed, gave him a quick hug, and told him to get prettied up and head on over.

Daniel insisted on helping out until around noon. There was no way he was going to take time off with her out there killing herself. He finished the work for the day by going a lot faster, then got cleaned up and headed into town. Daniel found that the small barbershop was open, so he stopped in for a quick cut and shave. He wanted to at least look presentable when he saw her, but he was afraid to step inside the bar. If that little bastard is there...

His excitement grew when he had full view of the parking lot. He saw Katherine's little Chevy in the back, and there was no sign of the Corvette. Walking inside of the dim bar, he could see only one other patron, a young man eating a sandwich. He didn't see Katherine and didn't want to seem like that was his reason for coming there. He ordered a corn beef on rye and had a beer to help his anxiety from boiling over. He decided to go approach the owner, who was standing at the register inspecting the tape.

"Excuse me," said Daniel. This was Katherine's uncle, so he would be able to call her upstairs and ask her to come down. He was kicking himself for tearing up her phone number. There was no way that Daniel was going to risk getting a door slammed in his face from going to her apartment.

"What can I get for ya?"

Daniel reached out his hand and introduced himself. "My name's John Williams. I've been in here a few times but I don't believe we've met."

"Name's Andy." Andy smiled and shook the young man's hand. "You must be new around here. I know pretty much everyone who lives in these parts." He laughed like a good Irish man. He didn't want to embarrass the poor man by pointing out that he saw him get one punched and was out for the count. It didn't stop him from laughing to himself.

"I moved here not that long ago. I'm trying to find Katherine. Is she working today?" Daniel's heart was beating faster.

"Nope. Not today, not tomorrow, or anytime in the near future is my guess." Andy shook his head with disappointment.

"Why not? Is she okay?"

"She told me that she had to leave Prairie. I can't say I much blame her. There isn't anything here for a young woman other than trouble."

"Where did she go?" Daniel was almost in a full-blown panic.

"I'm not sure. She took off one night and called me the next morning. It really saddened me. I have plenty of staff to cover, but I'm going to miss that kid. We're family."

"Andy, did she go by herself?"

"No, thank God. I'd be scared half to death if she did."

"Did she leave town with a guy who drives a black Corvette?"

"She sure did. I hope he takes care of her, but I don't put much hope in that. He's too footloose and fancy free, but I gotta love that kid too. He don't have much upstairs, but he's still my nephew."

"Your nephew? As in Katherine's cousin??"

"Yep, his name's Jacob. His mouth gets him into trouble now and then. Seen him with a pretty cut up and swollen mouth here some months back. That boy is always fighting. I hate to be rude but I have a delivery coming and I gotta clear out some space in the back. Nice meeting you, John."

Oh my God! That was her cousin? I accused her of such horrible things, and she was with her cousin?! That crap I pulled with Emily? Oh...my...God.

Daniel hopped in his pickup and drove as fast as he could down to the farm. He went to his room and shut the door. He thought his heart was going to beat right out of his chest. When he felt like his stomach was no longer sitting in his throat and he could breathe better, he got out his phone and called his father.

"Daniel, it's good to hear your voice. How are you?"

"Father, I need to come home."

"Are you missing your luxuries? Your penthouse and car are fine, Daniel. I checked on them just this morning."

"NO! It has nothing to do with the penthouse and the damn cars!"

Francesco was speechless. He had never heard his son raise his voice to him.

"I'm sorry, Father. You can find me a farm in New York, I don't care. But I need to be near some resources."

"Daniel, what's going on?"

"Dad, I need to find someone."

Francesco could hear the pain in his son's voice. "Daniel, are you in some kind of trouble? How much money do you need this time?" Francesco was feeling nothing but disappointment. "You still haven't learned anything, have you?"

"Do we have to do this right now?" Daniel's voice was beginning to rise again.

"Yes, Daniel. Answer my question."

"I learned that money can't buy happiness. What I thought was happiness was fake! I don't want a new woman every night, Father. I want one woman, and she's gone! I have to find her!"

"You're in love with this woman or did you give her a child?"

"Please, don't ask me that."

"Are you in love with her, Daniel?" Francesco bowed his head, praying that it could finally be true.

"I don't even know what love for a woman is! I'm ashamed of that, but if you must know the guts of it all, I never even took her to bed! She is making me crazy! I can't stop thinking about her and now she's gone!"

Francesco listened to his son's voice crack more. "Come home, Daniel. You must be able to get to the airport and take a regular plane to New York. If you can't, I'm afraid you'll have to stay and earn the money."

"I have to tie some things up over here at the farm. This lady named Rosie is a sweetheart, and I can't hurt her. She took me in and gave me work, even cooks for me, and I won't leave until I know she's going to be okay."

"You mean to tell me you aren't just going to leave loose ends and go running out the door?"

"No, those days are done."

Francesco hung up the phone, sat down, and hit the buzzer on his desk. Carl walked into the study shortly afterward.

"Yes, Francesco, can I get you anything?"

"I want you to find out what you can about this Rosie Daniel is working for. I want to know why she's so important to my son. Maybe she knows who he really is and is using him."

"I'll get right on it, Francesco. Is Daniel coming home?"

"I hope so, I miss him."

Chapter 6

Daniel went outside and hoped he'd spot Rosie. The arguing he soon heard made him run to the side of the house. Sam was yelling, and Rosie was speaking in a firm voice that Daniel had never heard her use before.

"What's going on?" Daniel interrupted as his protective instincts kicked in. He stepped between the two and faced Sam.

"Nothing, John. We just agree to disagree sometimes." Rosie stepped in front of Daniel and smiled at him as Sam kicked the dirt and walked off.

"Why was Sam yelling at you?" Daniel didn't like the looks of any of it. He never heard anything but peace on this quiet farm.

"He's just crotchety, John. Sometimes he forgets that he doesn't own things and that he can't push me around. It's okay though, we're the best of friends and we'd never bring harm to one another." Rosie gave Daniel a hug and stared at him inquisitively. She knew there were things on his mind. She stared at his face for a minute, and finally he took a deep breath and sighed.

"What is it, John? What has you so out of sorts?"

"Rosie, can we sit down and talk?"

"Of course we can, sweetie. I was just getting ready to make a nice cup of coffee if you'd care to join me." Rosie hooked her arm in Daniel's as he produced a forced smile. They walked inside the house, and Rosie stayed hopeful that John had come to talk about his troubles. She hated to see him down like he'd been.

"Rosie," began Daniel when they were both seated. "Do you have someone who can take my place here at the farm?"

"Are you leaving? Is something wrong, John?" Rosie's face got both worried and sad.

"I'm afraid it's time for me to go back to New York, Rosie. But I want you to know that you did more for me than you'll ever know. I'm not going to leave you hanging. I refuse to go until I know you're going to be okay."

"John, that's awfully sweet of you, but I can get another ranch hand. I just need to put the advertisement back up." Rosie tried to smile so she wouldn't cry. She had gotten so close to Daniel.

"I'll stick around until you find another worker. You can't be working as hard as you do." Daniel had been concerned about the amount of work this older woman was doing for months. It just wasn't right. He reached out and gently held her hand.

"Nonsense, John. I thank you for your concern, but I've been doing this all my life. This farm belonged to my late husband. I played here when I was a little girl, worked the land when I got older, and eventually ended up marrying Albert Montoose, my childhood friend. When the land went up for sale, he bought it, and Albert and his father built this house." Rosie paused as she thought about how her life could have been so very different. She never wanted to run a farm, but her husband had been adamant about it. It was the role she married into, not one that she chose. Rosie looked at John's face and saw his worry. "I'm sure your mother and father will be happy their son is coming home!"

"Rosie, my father will be happy to see me. My mother died giving birth to me, and I'm their only child."

Rosie looked at him with such compassion, then stood up to give him a close hug. "I always wanted children, but Albert wasn't able to provide those. But I have my four-legged children!" Rosie laughed at her reference to the horses.

Daniel wasn't laughing. "Rosie, I'm going to give you ways you can contact me. If you ever need anything, let me know and I'll be on the first plane. I plan on coming back to visit you real soon. I promise you that."

"Oh, sweetie, you're young, and you shouldn't be worrying yourself about a stubborn old woman. Now you just go pack your things when you're ready to head on out, and I'll check on flights to New York for you."

"Thanks, Rosie. How about I stay just until you find someone--"

"John, if you don't go I'm going to fire you!" Rosie laughed and pecked him on the cheek, then turned to take the cups to the sink.

"I'll come and say goodbye before I take off, Rosie."

She could only nod in response while she got busy washing the empty cups. She didn't trust her voice. When she heard the door close, she sobbed.

Daniel went in his room and checked on his phone for flight times and ticket costs. He was pleased at how much he'd collected underneath the mattress. If he hurried, he could be at the airport to catch a flight that would depart in a few hours.

Daniel kept a thousand dollars just in case something happened and he ended up stranded. He walked up to the house and saw Rosie, busy typing at the old computer.

"You don't have to look, Rosie. I found a flight that leaves here in a few hours. I just came to tell you goodbye and to thank you for everything you've done for me. It's been a true pleasure working for you. I can't tell you how glad I am that I got to know you. You're incredible." Daniel wrapped his arms around Rosie and held her close. He kissed her cheek and promised to see her soon, while he slipped the remainder of all his money in her sweater pocket.

"You behave yourself out there, John. Remember that you'll always have a place here when you need one, with plenty of love to go around." Rosie started to tear up.

"Okay none of that or you'll have me staying here forever! And I love you too, Rosie. Take care and I'll see you again soon. Please believe that, okay?" Daniel stepped away and smiled at her.

"You got a deal, John. If you ever need me, you call."

Daniel made a quick call to his father to let him know he was on his way home, then got in his pickup and headed to the airport. He looked down at his feet and noticed he'd forgotten to put his work boots on and give Rosie back her husband's cowboy boots. I'll mail them to her. I'm not going back in that house just to say goodbye to her again. Daniel felt such pain in leaving this woman, and he had the feeling that even if she needed help from him, she wouldn't ask. She's the most selfless person I've ever met.

Daniel was midflight before it dawned on him that he didn't even know Katherine's last name. He never bothered to ask. He didn't know the last names of hardly any women he was with. He didn't care. Now he did.

The flight in coach went a lot smoother. He sat by quiet people, and the seat directly in front of him was empty. He was grateful for the extra leg room. After the plane landed, he worried about where the keys to the red pickup truck would be. He certainly didn't want to pay for a cab, or even worse, call his father and tell him he needed a ride home.

"Daniel!"

Daniel turned his head and saw Carl yelling out the back window of the limo.

"Carl, I was just wondering where the red pickup keys were."

"You were really going to drive that thing back home?" Carl laughed at the thought. When he saw how serious Daniel was, he stopped.

"Carl, if you're going to make jokes, I'll just pay for a cab."

"No, Daniel. Forgive me, please."

The ride back to the penthouse was quiet. Daniel tried to close his eyes and rest, not interested in looking at the dirty environment, the people hurrying, and the tall buildings. He definitely wasn't in the mood for more conversations with Carl. He didn't dislike the man, as he'd known him his entire life, but he didn't feel up to fielding questions.

"Here is your wallet, money, and cards, Daniel. In the wallet is the key to your penthouse. Call if you find yourself in need of my assistance. Goodnight."

Saying goodnight and thank you, Daniel got out of the limo and motioned for the guards to let him into the secured parking structure so he could quietly take the back elevators up to the penthouse. The guards paused, but only briefly. They didn't dare question Mr. Daniel Giordano. There sat his white Lamborghini. He stopped by the car and looked over its shine, its sleekness, and the waste of money. The cost of this one car would provide for Rosie for quite some time. Hell, it would even pay for most of Katherine's education and a decent car. Tomorrow, I'll sell it.

He listened to the bland elevator music on the way up to the twenty-fourth floor. Unlocking the door, his first smell was leather. Expensive leather. The fresh air he was exposed to was long gone. He looked out the windows and saw the Empire State Building. I've been there only once. Why was this view so important to me? I'd trade this for the view of the rolling meadow any day. The view of Katherine's face. He walked further around the penthouse that his father had paid tens of millions for. It had been a surprise for Daniel's birthday. Why do I need five bedrooms or five and a half baths? Why did I think I needed any of this? What I need is gone...

Daniel sat down on the soft white leather sectional and got his phone out. He looked up the phone number for The Corral. Dialing, he hoped that Andy didn't pick up the phone. The last thing he needed was for him to worry that he wanted to bring harm to Katherine. I already have.

"Hello?"

Daniel was relieved to hear the boisterous voice coming from the background.

"Stop answering the damn phone like that! This is a business I'm trying to run. What's the matter with you?"

"Alright already! Thank you for calling The Corral. Can I help you?"

"I wanted to send a note of thanks to the owner. I know his first name is Andy but I'm not sure of his last name. Can you tell me so I can address this envelope?"

"Sure, his name's Andy O'Brian."

"I understand Katherine moved. I have a few things to send to her that she let me borrow. Do you happen to know where she went?"

"Nope. No one knows. Said she'll let us know when she found a place to settle down."

Daniel thanked the girl and hung up. He immediately fired up the computer. Then he sat there, not even knowing what state she went to. Did she go back to Michigan? Searching for Katherine O'Brian, the correct Katherine O'Brian, his Katherine O'Brian, was going to be a nightmare. He was definitely going to need some help.

His phone rang and Daniel saw that it was his father.

"Daniel, could you come by the house? I miss you, and Elda is cooking up some lobsters!"

Lobsters. Ask her if she has any biscuits and gravy.

"I can stop by, Father, but I'm not really hungry. I do want to speak to you about a couple of matters if you have time."

"Of course I have time, Daniel. I can't wait to see you!"

Even though he was exhausted, the excitement he heard in his father's voice made him feel good. For way too long he'd been a disappointment to the man who'd given him everything. He's just one more person I took advantage of to meet my selfish needs.

The hot water felt good, the water pressure was just right, but the sterile penthouse was not. There weren't any knickknacks, family photographs, nothing homemade, not even one item that held any kind of heart value. The closest thing he had was a grand piano. Not only did he not know how to play it, but no one else had touched it either.

With his plush towel wrapped around his waist, Daniel walked into his room to get changed. He opened up the closet and saw that practically everything he had was tailored specifically for him by designers. There were rows of custom made suits, stark white shirts, expensive ties, and way too many dress shoes. Daniel closed the door and opened up his suitcase. Inside was a clean pair of faded blue jeans and a blue flannel shirt. He smiled and got dressed.

He took the back elevator to the parking garage and got in his Lamborghini. It started on the first try. It didn't backfire or make any noise, other than the sweet sounds that it should have. He loved the car, but he just couldn't drive it and feel good. People that he cared about were going without simple, basic things. Over and over again the guilt poured through him. I didn't even earn all the luxuries I have. Not one single thing did I work for.

Carl stepped into the study carrying a file that contained information Francesco requested.

"Rosie Lynn Montoose? That's a mouthful, Carl."

"Would you like to review the file in private? I'm sure you don't need me to watch over your shoulder."

"Carl, thank you. You don't have to stay. Daniel will be here shortly and I need to speak to him in private. The paperwork for my son to take over the company has been drawn up for almost two years. I would like to present it to Daniel and hope the proposal is well received. I'm not getting any younger. I made sure you'll keep your job and be well cared for."

"I thank you, Sir. But if you don't mind me asking, what are you going to do with your free time, Francesco? I worry about you not having things to occupy yourself. Perhaps you can travel."

"Maybe, but that is something I shared with Lillian, God rest her soul. I miss her every day, Carl. I've been alone for over two and a half decades so you think I would have gotten used to it." Francesco let out a fake laugh, but Carl could see right through it.

"Very well. If you need anything, don't hesitate to let me know."

Francesco sat at his desk and opened the file as Carl left the study. The photograph showed an older woman with a friendly, happy face and beautiful blue eyes. He read the sheets of paper and couldn't find anything to indicate that she would blackmail his son. Maybe she really didn't know that John Williams was a fabricated name. She had no criminal past, not even a traffic ticket. Francesco did find out a critical piece of information, though. Rosie Lynn Montoose was losing her farm.

Chapter 7

Daniel drove through the security gates and up the long driveway of his father's estate. It was definitely beautiful. Acres of manicured property surrounded the mansion that was way too big for just Daniel and his father. Francesco and Lillian had planned on a large family. She was much younger than Francesco and he'd planned for a wonderful life with her. Those dreams were crushed by her untimely death, but Francesco didn't have the heart to sell the place because his wife had put so much of her love and personality in each room.

Carl opened the front door and greeted Daniel. "You may wear your other clothes, Daniel. You've met the requirement so there's no need to dress like that anymore." Carl openly laughed.

"I'm comfortable in these, Carl. My attire doesn't change or make who I am. Good to see you again." He shook Carl's hand and walked away, leaving the man standing there, staring at his blue flannel back.

Daniel knocked on the study door, then entered it after he heard his father's booming voice.

Francesco hurried to his son and gave him a tight embrace, then kissed his cheek. "Daniel, welcome home!"

"Thank you, Father."

"You didn't have to put those clothes back on, Daniel."

"These clothes are what I feel comfortable in. You should try it sometime."

Francesco smiled at his son's suggestion. "I'm glad you learned the lessons in life that will always benefit you. I'm sorry I had to go to such extremes, but I hope you understand why I did what I did. It was very hard for me to send you away, Daniel."

"Thank you for doing it. I'm not the same man I was when I left. I'm a better one because of you."

"Daniel, I need to ask you about this woman Rosie." Francesco couldn't hide the look of concern on his face. "You were close to her?"

"I love Rosie. She has been sort of a mother to me."

"You worked on her farm, no?"

"Every day I worked long, hard hours. She isn't a young woman, and she was working just as long and hard as I was. Then she'd go in the house and prepare these meals that were like heaven. She even has a couple of horses I became close to. They're magnificent animals."

"Do you know a lot about this farm?"

"Rosie said her husband bought it some years ago and built a home there. His name was Albert and he died a decade ago, but she kept the farm going. It's just her and a man named Sam, who works the land. He has a family and lives a few miles away. He comes over and helps her out, but I don't think they get along as well as what Rosie claims. He's pretty stern and not very pleasant."

"How is the farm doing? Is it successful?"

"I think it is. She paid me well, and I was able to save up a decent amount. I kept a thousand dollars when I left in case of an emergency and to buy my plane ticket, but then I left the remaining money with her. I hope it helps her out."

"You gave her your money?"

"She needed it more than I did. I knew I was coming back here and would have access to everything. That's what I want to talk with you about, Father."

"Don't tell me you wrecked your car..."

"It's about the car and a few other things. But no, I didn't wreck it. I don't want it."

"Daniel, you don't have to have another sports car. This one should last you for quite a while."

"I'm sure it would. I just don't want it."

"You don't want it?"

"It's a waste of money, Father. I don't want that penthouse either. I want both of them sold."

"What has gotten into you, Daniel?"

"Rosie just about kills herself every single day keeping that farm running. She doesn't have any other ranch hands to help her other than Sam. Now that I'm gone it could take her quite a while before she finds more help."

"Daniel, I have to tell you something. I don't want you to be angry with me."

"What is it?"

"You know that I love you and I know you got to spend a great deal of time with this woman and grew to trust her while you were in Tennessee. I still had to make sure you were protected. I had Rosie investigated."

"You what?!" Daniel quickly rose to his feet. He was furious.

"On paper only, Daniel. I didn't find anything that would suggest that Rosie knew who you were and would try to get money."

"Oh my God! She isn't even like that at all!"

"I realize this, Daniel. She isn't hiring any more ranch hands. She never intended on it."

"Wait. What are you talking about?"

"Rosie is losing her farm, Daniel. The three hundred acre farm is being foreclosed. It seems that back taxes, loans, and bad debt sunk her."

"Wait a minute. Her farm is not three hundred acres. You have the wrong person. I lived on that farm, and I know it isn't three hundred acres. It's surrounded by other property. She only owns a hundred, if that, and probably closer to seventy-five, as we only grew hay and some produce that was sold. That's about it."

"Is this Rosie?" Francesco turned the picture to face Daniel. He saw the concern and sadness in his son's eyes. He hadn't seen that since Daniel was a little boy.

Daniel took the file from his father's hands and sat back down. His hands began to tremble.

"I have to go, Father."

"Where are you going? We have other matters to discuss."

"Rosie can't lose that place. If she does, she'll lose her horses. They are like children to her. I'm sorry, Father, but I have to get back to Tennessee. I'll work day in and day out if I have to."

"Daniel..." Francesco smiled at his son. He had never been so proud of this young man standing in front of him.

"What is it, Father? I have to leave."

"You're rich."

"Please don't start on me about money. I'm not like I was."

"I know this, Daniel. It's evident that you've changed. But you're rich. You've blown money left and right and for all the wrong reasons. But you say that this Rosie is important to you?"

"She is very important to me. She's...family."

"Then family should stick together." Francesco pushed the button on his desk, and Carl entered the study shortly thereafter.

"Yes, Francesco, may I be of assistance?"

"Carl, I need a bag packed as quickly as possible."

"What climate, Sir?"

"We will also need the jet. We have to get to Tennessee."

"Very well, Francesco." Carl turned and quickly left the room.

"We?" Daniel didn't know what to think.

"We're family, Daniel. Let's put all of our resources to good work!" Francesco smiled when his son ran to him and threw his arms around his shoulders.

"Thank you, Father. I don't know what to say."

"Well, you will have to think of something to say, because Rosie doesn't know who you really are."

"Oh God..."

The flight to Nashville was welcomed. It gave Daniel and his father time to fill in the blanks. Francesco couldn't believe what a wonderful man Daniel had become and was excited to hand over the business to his son. But now wasn't the time to approach company business.

Daniel led his father through the airport at a fast pace.

"You are going to have to slow down some, Daniel. I'm not a young man anymore."

"I'm sorry, Father, I just need to get to the farm."

"Where are you going? A limo is picking us up. Where is the damn thing?" Francesco was getting angry.

"We don't have to wait for a limo. There's no time."

Daniel walked out to the parking lot, and there stood the old, faithful red pickup. He reached in his pocket and pulled out the key. Daniel opened up the passenger door without a second thought, then turned to see his father's shocked face.

"What is this, Daniel?"

"Our limo. Get in and buckle up, I'm not sure of its safety." Daniel laughed to himself. Francesco wasn't laughing one bit, but did as he was told.

"Where are we going, Daniel? We can't go to the farm, it's too late. Rosie will surely be sleeping. Let's just get a room, and we'll drive out to Montoose Farm first thing in the morning."

"Yeah, you're right."

Disappointed, Daniel drove around Nashville until he found a nice motel that his father would approve of. For the entire night that Daniel lay on the stiff, bleach-smelling sheets, he wished for his warm, comfortable room by the barn, with the 'night talk' from Rosie's horses.

"Father, wake up, we need to get going."

"Daniel, what time is it?"

"It's five in the morning. We can have breakfast and then head over to the farm. If we don't hurry, Rosie will be difficult to find."

"Wait a minute, you got up every morning at five?"

"Yes, and it was a great way to start the day. I didn't feel like I missed a single thing. I don't want the nightlife anymore, it just isn't for me."

Francesco nodded with approval and hugged his son. His pride for Daniel Giordano was beaming through his eyes. He was definitely going to make this family proud.

The old pickup bounced down the rough gravel roads until they approached the sign, "Montoose Farm." The kitchen light was on, so Daniel climbed out of the truck and headed up to the house.

Before he could knock, he saw the foreclosure notice taped to the middle of the door. Oh my God, it's true! With a shaking hand, Daniel knocked softly, then opened the door. There were no smells of scrambled eggs, bacon, and coffee. There was no Rosie there to greet him.

"Rosie?"

"John?" I'm in the living room, come on in!" She tried to make her voice sound as cheerful as she could.

Daniel let his father inside, then cautiously rounded the corner. What he saw broke his heart.

"Rosie, what is happening?" Daniel went down on his knees in front of her and wrapped her up in his arms. She cried loud, uncontrollable sobs. After a few minutes, Daniel sat back on his heels and held her hands.

"John, the farm is gone. Someone is coming at eight to pick up Patches and Daisy. They've been with me for so long. They're my babies." The sobs became even louder.

"Rosie, who is coming to get the horses?"

"A farmer that Sam found wants them. I don't have a place to keep my girls. I don't have a home. I would love to offer you your room to stay in, but there isn't one, John. I have nothing anymore."

Daniel was seeing red. "Rosie, do you trust me?"

"Of course I do." Rosie smiled through her tears and patted Daniel's cheek.

"Rosie, this is my father, Francesco Giordano."

She stood up, and Francesco smiled and put his hand out.

"You've raised a fine young man. I just love him! He's like a son to me, so I guess that means you're family too!" Rosie wrapped her arms around Francesco and hugged him.

The older man blushed but was enjoying the embrace of this woman in his arms.

"Rosie, why are you losing your farm? I thought you were doing so well." Daniel was beside himself.

"Albert drank heavily, John. When he drank, he gambled. Before I knew it, all of our savings was gone. After his death from a heart attack, I was made aware of the many loans that Albert took out, putting the farm up for collateral. The sums owed were so large, I couldn't repay them. I have three hundred acres. You only saw a small part of it. I couldn't afford to keep the livestock. I couldn't afford to hire the men it would take to keep a farm this size up and running." Rosie's face showed utter defeat.

"Be honest with me, who is Sam?"

"Sam is Albert's brother. I've never liked him, and he was trying to force me into giving him the farm. He told me I could continue to live here, but the horses were an expense that wasn't necessary, and he wouldn't let me keep them."

"Father..."

Francesco cleared his throat, broadened his shoulders, and got ready to reintroduce his son. "Rosie, this young man's name isn't John Williams. My son was a pretty reckless man and ran from reality. I sent him here as a test, made him leave the family name in New York and learn to make it on his own so I could hand over my shipping business to him. His name is Daniel Giordano. Do not be angry with him, this was my doing. He had no other option but to use the new identity that I gave to him. Daniel has more than proven to me that he has grown up. I'm very proud of him and I'll be gladly handing over my business to my son so I may retire."

"Daniel?"

"I'm sorry, Rosie. All of my feelings for you are real. The man you know is real. I'm here to help you. Please let me."

"John, I mean, Daniel, it would take money that neither of us have."

Francesco interrupted. "Rosie, if we had the money would you let us help you?"

"I love my horses, and seeing them leave is going to completely break my heart. The farm I don't care about. It's very beautiful land, but I feel so lonely in this town. I don't have any friends, and working this farm takes up my life. There are no days to relax, and if I don't feel well, I work anyway. I never wanted this for myself. This place holds a very painful past with Albert, and now with Sam."

"So the only things you want out of here are your horses?" Daniel looked his father in the eyes.

"Rosie, have you ever been to New York?" The old man was feeling such compassion for this woman.

"Well, the only places I've been are up to Nashville, then back here to Prairie."

"Would you be interested in coming to New York?" Francesco smiled.

"I really couldn't afford to move anyplace, especially to New York. There are rooms to rent here in Prairie, so I should be okay." Rosie smiled and gave her best attempt to convey that she would be just fine. The truth was, Rosie had very little money. Rosie wanted to give Daniel back his money she found in her sweater, but knew he wouldn't accept it. She would have to rent a place from Beatrice.

"Well, it's settled then." Francesco took out his phone, picked up a utility bill on the table, and used his authoritative voice.

"Bill, Francesco here...Good and you?...Great. I need a nice place on my estate for two horses...TWO HORSES! I don't have time for this. Either you can handle it or you can't. I want it completed as soon as possible, and I don't care how many men you have to hire. Just get it done. The faster you work the more money you'll make. I need fencing put up for them. I think fifteen acres of the property will be just fine. Keep me posted, and Bill? Make it nice!" Francesco hung up the phone and dialed another number.

"Mark, draw up some papers, I want to purchase a farm at forty-seven Shenandoah Road, Prairie Tennessee. I want all three hundred acres and the dwellings. I don't care what the cost is. Pay whatever they're asking. I need this put on the top of your pile, Mark."

Rosie chimed in the second Francesco hung up. "Mr. Giordano, this is very expensive. Even if you buy this farm I can't afford to stay here. It will take the rest of my life to pay for the many loans, and even then it won't be the complete amount."

"Rosie, please call me Francesco. What you need to know is that we have money. We aren't going to stand by and watch you suffer or struggle even for one more day. I need to know who you owe and we'll take care of it now. Then, you're coming to my home, since you were so kind to let my son into yours."

"Daniel, is this real?" Rosie was afraid to feel hopeful.

"It's all real, Rosie. Your new life, which you're more than deserving of, is about to begin." Daniel wrapped his arms around her and struggled to maintain his composure.

After a few more phone calls, Francesco phoned Carl and requested a limo because there was no way that all three of them were going to fit in the old pickup. Rosie cooked one of her amazing meals as they waited for the limo to drive in from Nashville. Daniel never saw his father consume that much food, that fast, in his life.

"Rosie, this was the most amazing meal I've ever eaten. And if I don't stop, I'm not going to fit in any automobile." Francesco laughed and gave Rosie his biggest smile.

As the limo pulled up, so did the local farmer and Sam, who was wearing an evil smirk on his face.

"What the hell is this?" demanded Sam. "Rosie is signing over this farm to me as soon as we get the two deadbeat horses out of here. I was just informed that someone is trying to buy the place. It's mine so ya'll better just move along."

"You can't take this farm, Sam. And you won't go near either of my horses. There's been nothing signed and no money has exchanged hands. Get off of my property. Your days of bullying me are over!"

Sam stepped close to Rosie and shoved her. That was the last straw.

"Don't you dare lay a hand on her!" Daniel drew back his fist, but his father stopped him.

"Son, you can't strike an old man! It isn't right. But I can!" Francesco hit Sam in his face, causing him to go to the ground. "Get off this property and don't you ever step another foot on it again!"

Sam got up, and both he and the farmer turned to leave. "You'll pay for this, Rosie!"

Francesco glared at the two men until he could no longer see them. "Rosie, you can't stay here. You need to come with us.

"Francesco, I can't leave. No one is here to take care of my horses."

"Rosie, I have someone that I trust who will transport the horses to New York. Movers will come and pack up your house, and then we'll put it all on the market if you don't want to keep it. If you do, I'll sign it over to you and you can live here debt free. I'll hire men to work the farm so you never have to do this labor again. I'll even hire security for you so that no one brings you any trouble. That's a promise." Francesco held her hand, bent and kissed it, then gave her his beautiful Giordano smile.

"Francesco, I can't thank you and Daniel enough for all you've done. But I can't just leave. There are things I need to do, and I don't want to leave my horses unattended. I don't trust Sam. He'll be back and I'm afraid he'll bring them harm."

"Father, I'll stay on the farm with Rosie until the horses are on their way. I'll help her decide what she wants to take or leave, and when everything is settled and Rosie feels at ease, we'll make our way to the airport."

"Okay, Son. When you're ready you let me know, and I'll have the jet waiting in Nashville. I'm so very proud of you. Even though you've gotten more muscles I would still like to get some security out here."

"No, I don't think he'll be back before we're able to get the horses out of Prairie," said Daniel, as he didn't want his father to worry.

Francesco kissed Daniel's forehead, hugged Rosie, and then climbed in the back of the limo.

Chapter 8

Rosie sat at the kitchen table, completely consumed with worry. It wasn't as if Sam Montoose was going to quietly go away. It was getting pretty late but Rosie didn't feel like she should close her eyes.

"Rosie, you've been shredding tissues left and right. My father has made sure things are going to be okay. It might take some time for all the necessary paperwork to go through, but Sam won't be getting this farm, and your horses are going to be okay. I can stay up here in the house so you're not alone."

"Daniel, that's sweet of you. But I've lived alone for ten years, and I'm not worried about anything happening to me. I'm worried about the horses. They're locked in the barn and Sam knows this."

"I'll sleep down in my old room then. I'll keep an eye on your girls, so don't worry about them. You should try to get some sleep though." Daniel didn't think he was going to ease the woman's fears. He couldn't blame her.

"I'll be just fine, Daniel. Here's the key to your room. Don't go worrying about me, you hear?"

"I'll always worry about you. Call me if you can't sleep or if you need anything, Rosie, and I mean it." Daniel took the key and a flashlight, kissed Rosie's cheek, and headed down to the barn.

He went in through the back entrance. As soon as he opened the door, the fresh scent that he'd been missing filled his senses. He felt such comfort seeing the things that Rosie had made, especially the beautiful quilt. Stripping down to his boxers, he slipped under the covers and closed his eyes.

Katherine immediately came into his thoughts. Where is she? He could picture her so clearly and wished more than anything that he could take that entire day back. Daniel's evil accusations, his behavior with Emily, even hitting her cousin in the mouth was eating at him. Looking back, the behavior that Katherine exhibited could have very well been platonic to any passerby. But Daniel had jumped to conclusions. She will never forgive me. I've lost my chance with her.

Sometime after three in the morning, Daniel fell into a deep sleep. At four, the sounds of the horses screaming and kicking their stalls brought him to his feet. Black smoke was leaking into his room. Throwing on his clothes and boots as fast as he could, he grabbed the flashlight and opened the door leading inside of the barn. He couldn't see much through the smoke, but the bright, riveting fire toward the front of the barn was terrifying and spreading fast. He pulled up his shirt to cover his nose and mouth and felt his way to the big sliding door on the side of the barn, unlatched it, and slid it open. The horses were wild with fear. He had to get them out of there. Standing with his back to the fire, he opened the stall doors and hoped they wouldn't run the wrong way. He began waving his arms and, luckily, the horses bolted outside. He had remembered Rosie telling him that they could sense his fear, so he tried to remain calm. It wasn't easy. The barn was too engulfed in flames to be slowed by a hose. Daniel didn't even attempt it.

Rosie was already running towards the barn when Daniel met her halfway.

"They're out, Rosie, stop! The horses aren't in the barn, they're okay. We have to get a vet and the fire department out here!" Daniel had to yell. Rosie nodded her head and went running back inside the house.

By the time the fire department and volunteers arrived, the barn was completely collapsing. The vet arrived within an hour with a large pickup and horse trailer. Catching two frightened horses proved to be a challenge. But as daylight began to approach, improved visibility was helping them. The vet brought out ropes to help capture them, but when Rosie walked to the end of the pasture and whistled, the girls came to her. Daniel opened up the fence so the vet could back the trailer up instead of walking the horses near the barn. Daniel drove Rosie to the vet's office so the horses could be examined for burns and smoke inhalation. Luckily, they were going to be fine, just frightened, but he wanted to keep them over night to make sure. That was a big relief; the horses had no more shelter at home.

Daniel stepped outside the vet's office and called his father. "Sam burned the barn down. The horses are okay, but only because I was sleeping near them and heard the commotion. I didn't see Sam, but I know it was him. We have to get these horses out of Prairie today. He'll kill them both."

"That stupid little man...I'll call you right back, Daniel. He could have killed the horses, but more importantly, he could have killed you!" Daniel never heard his father talk with that much vengeance. He hung up the phone, and seeing Rosie's worried face, he wrapped his arms around her.

"What am I going to do with the girls, Daniel? There isn't a safe place for them in this town." Rosie let the tears flow as Daniel held her.

"We're getting you and the horses out of Prairie today. They'll be safe here until we move them. I'm coming back to your house with you and we're going to get this moving thing going. You're done with Prairie. Sam has no idea who he picked a fight with."

Driving back to the house, Daniel noticed the police car pulling into the driveway.

The officer approached Daniel's window. "Are you Daniel Giordano?"

"Yes I am, and this is Rosie Montoose. She lives here."

"I just got off the phone with your father. We picked up Sam. A farmer has come forward as a witness to some conversations with him regarding the barn fire and his plan to kill the horses in that fire. He was also charged with the assault against Mrs. Montoose. I'll be staying outside here until you're set to leave."

"Thank you, we really appreciate it." Daniel could tell by the look on the officer's face that he'd listened to loud demands from an angry Italian in New York.

Rosie and Daniel were going from room to room, gathering things she wanted to keep. The things she made, some family heirlooms from her mother, photographs, and a few other odds and ends were all that were chosen. She didn't want anything else, especially not all of her clothes. Just a few outfits would be good enough. All of her clothing was hand-me-downs from Albert or very outdated and worn women's clothing.

"Rosie, I'm going to buy you all new things. You don't have to take any of these." Daniel looked in her closet with sadness and visions of his Lamborghini. He felt so much guilt.

"It's okay, Daniel, I'm not a freeloader, and I'll find myself a little job to help me make ends meet. I will pay rent and pay for my horses." When Rosie had her hands on her hips, you knew she meant business, but Daniel wasn't going to take no for an answer.

"We'll figure everything out when we get there, okay?" You aren't doing anything but lavishing yourself in luxuries, having servants, playing with your horses, and being shown more love than you've ever known.

Rosie agreed, reluctantly.

When Daniel closed and locked the door to the house, Rosie took one last look at the land.

"Are you okay with this, Rosie? My father meant what he said. If you want to stay, he really will do all those things he said he would."

"No, Daniel. It's time for me to move on and maybe enjoy doing something different. Hopefully, I can find a different kind of job!" Rosie laughed and Daniel joined her.

Rosie, you aren't ever working again, he thought, but kept on smiling.

Daniel cancelled the movers and brought the few boxes to the airport to put on the jet. Rosie was like a little girl inside of the limo. She pushed all the buttons, and Daniel was having a field day just watching her.

Walking up to the plane, Rosie grabbed Daniel's arm.

"Rosie, are you okay?"

"Don't laugh at me, but I've never flown before..."

"It'll be fine, and I think you'll love flying. I'll sit right beside you." Daniel took her by the hand and led her up the steps.

"Are you sure the horses are okay? I'm worried about them."

"My father is paying for the vet and for his assistant to transport them to New York. They're already on the road, and if you'd like you can call them from the plane to check on your girls."

"Is your pilot...good?"

Daniel led Rosie to her seat and ordered her a glass of wine. She was absolutely shocked at how beautiful the interior was. It looked more like an expensive motel suite than the insides of airplanes she'd seen on television. After her glass of wine, the pilot moved the jet onto the runway. Daniel was sure that he'd have finger marks on his skin from Rosie grabbing him. But once they were en route, Rosie relaxed and just enjoyed the view.

"Do you live with your father?"

"No, I live in a penthouse that I hate. It's in Manhattan. I'm going to move back home I think until I get some things figured out. I don't want to live like I was."

"A penthouse? My word, you must have thought that room I put you in was the pits!"

"Actually, it was the most beautiful room I'd ever seen. I'll miss it. I think the biggest thing I'll miss is the quilt, and the way you made the sheets smell so good."

Rosie held Daniel's hand while they landed. As they drove to the mansion, one thing was very clear to her; New York was not Prairie, Tennessee.

Francesco summoned Carl to his study.

"Is everything all set, Carl?"

"Yes, Francesco, her room is ready. Are you sure you wouldn't rather have her in the guest house?"

"Carl, she isn't a guest. She's family and she will be living here. If she doesn't like it, then I'll put her in the guest house. She's quite a lovely woman who hasn't been treated very fairly in life. I want to make sure she's happy."

"Very well. The barn, of course, isn't finished for the horses, but Amos Cartwright, an exceptional horse trainer, has agreed to let them stay with him until we have shelter for the two."

"That's perfect, Carl. Thank you so much. You're really going to like Rosie." Francesco absolutely glowed.

"I think you already do, Sir." Carl winked, smiled at his boss, and then quickly left the study.

Rosie was beside herself when the plane was landing. She was more than positive about an impending crash. Daniel tried to comfort her and not bust out laughing at the same time. But her fear turned into amazement when she saw the limo waiting for them.

Daniel hadn't mentioned to his father about wanting to move back to the mansion. He wasn't crazy about staying in New York, and if his father was going to give him the business, he'd almost have to stay. Regardless of where he ended up, Daniel knew he would continue to miss the farm, the southern hospitality, and the people of Prairie.

Life in the country had put a polish on the rough, careless man. All of his life he did nothing but make fun of people from the south, the land of the south, and even farmers. He knew that no matter how much he longed to work the land and breathe the clean air of the countryside, it would remain in his past. In reality, I was making fun of Rosie. Daniel felt his embarrassment and anger over his stupidity color his face and his mood.

The limo ride seemed to take longer. People were trying to get prepared for Thanksgiving and get a jump start on Christmas shopping. The traffic was insane.

"Daniel, is there an accident up here?"

"No, Rosie, it's like this all the time. When we leave the city the traffic will back off. My father's estate is in the country. You'll probably like it."

"His estate..."

"Yep. Did you want to check on the horses?"

"That's okay, Daniel, I can wait until we're out of the car." Rosie patted Daniel's hand. She jumped frequently when horns suddenly blared next to them. He was hoping that the bumper to bumper traffic wasn't going to be her final impression of New York. His hopes were met when they left the traffic behind them and entered the beautiful area of Lexington, home of sprawling estates.

"Daniel, why are we stopping?"

"We have to wait for the gates to open, and then we'll drive through to my father's house."

"House? Daniel, this isn't a house!"

Daniel laughed and squeezed Rosie's hand. "Welcome home, Rosie."

"Oh my Lord..."

Carl stepped outside and opened the door to assist Rosie out of the limo. "You must be the lovely Rosie. I'm Carl, the butler on the estate. If you need anything, there are several places throughout the mansion where you can ring for me. Come along and I'll show you to your room."

"Daniel, I thought I would be living in a guest house, not a mansion!"

"Rosie, look over there. That's the guest house, and as you can see it's pretty huge. We'd be honored to have you stay with us."

"But maybe your father wouldn't like that. I'm practically a stranger!"

"If Carl said he was going to show you to your room, that means my father has already decided he wants you under the same roof."

"I would like to see Francesco if it's possible. I want to extend my appreciation and make arrangements to pay for my stay."

Daniel laughed once again and escorted her to his father's study. You aren't paying one dime for anything unless it's to spoil yourself.

Francesco quickly hung up the desk phone and stood as soon as he saw Daniel and Rosie enter the room.

"Daniel! Rosie! I'm so happy you're home." He approached both and gave them hugs. "Rosie, do you like your room? I can change it or anything inside of it. You just have to give me the word."

"Father, she hasn't seen it yet." Daniel was smiling because he was sure that Rosie would be staying in one of the biggest and brightest rooms.

"Are you sure you want me to live here? I'm not sure if I can afford it. I do want to offer you whatever I can, and as soon as I'm able I'll ask Daniel to take me to town and look for a job. That might not be too easy though, as all I've ever done is work a farm." Rosie laughed, but felt completely awkward in her predicament and worn-out attire.

"Rosie, you are under my roof because I want you here. You're family, and the kindness you showed to my son touched my heart so much. I hope you don't mind, but Estelle will be assisting you, and I've planned on a nice shopping trip for you. Women love to shop, this I know! There isn't anything you have to worry about other than what time of day you want to play with your horses or shop."

"My horses! Daniel, I have to check on them and make arrangements for boarding." Rosie let out a long sigh. She knew she didn't have enough to board them for longer than a couple of months.

"Rosie, your horses are in good hands. They will be staying with a trainer until I get their accommodations complete on the estate. You're welcome to go visit them whenever you'd like."

"Here?"

"If you drove around you'd see a few homes with horses. Now mine will have some too!"

"Boarding with a trainer is expensive. I only have enough-"

"Your money is no good here, Rosie. You took care of my son, now I will take care of you."

Carl stepped forward and offered his arm to show Rosie her room. Hopefully she wouldn't trip and fall while gawking at all the beauty of the large mansion.

"Carl, look at the ceiling! It's painted, and the stained glass!"

"Yes, Rosie, it's all quite magnificent. I must tell you, though, that I live on the estate and have worked for Francesco for nearly thirty years."

"He seems like such a sweetheart..."

"And he has said the same about you, Rosie."

He noticed her blushing. If felt so wonderful having a lady in the house again. Perhaps now Francesco's lonely days will be over, Carl thought as he led her up the stairs.

Daniel was about to go for a walk on the grounds when he heard footsteps behind him.

"Daniel, do you mind if I walk with you?"

"No, Father, not at all. I'd enjoy your company."

"You know how proud I am of you, Daniel. You've become a great man. It is time, though. I want to retire."

"I think you should, Father. You could do so many things."

"Daniel, I have the paperwork drawn up, and all you have to do is sign it. December twentieth of this year, I'll officially retire, and the company will belong to you."

"I'm very honored, Father. Are you sure you want to give it to me?"

"Daniel, I planned on giving you the business all along. You're everything I've ever dreamed of in a son. Now we just need to find you a nice woman so you can have a family. A wife makes you very strong, balanced, and centered."

"Father, the woman I want is gone. I overreacted and I blew it. I don't know where she lives."

"What is her name, Son? I'm sure we can find her."

"Her name's Katherine O'Brian, not that that's going to help us. There are thousands of them, and I just don't know where to start. Besides, even if I did find her she wouldn't see me."

"I want you to return to the house for me. I have a couple of people I can call. You just answer some of their questions, and it shouldn't take them very long to locate her."

"Father, I don't know how to thank you for all you did for both myself and Rosie. You were completely amazing, and you came through. I want to ask you for your permission to move back home. I was serious about the penthouse and car. I don't want them. You can sell the furniture in it as well. Being around Rosie, I learned so much. The farm changed me."

"Daniel, this is how family treats one another. If I was in trouble I'm positive you would throw yourself into the situation and try and fix it. So there's no need to thank me. And I would love to have you back home. Move in as soon as possible, the quicker the better as far as I'm concerned, and regarding the penthouse and car, I'll take care of it. I must admit that I can see how Rosie would have a great impact on anyone."

"You know I'd do anything for you, Father. I have the upmost respect for you. I was just lost for a while."

"Daniel, I need to ask you something..." Francesco cleared his throat and stopped his son from walking.

"What is it?

"Do you think I'm too old to meet someone? I've been alone since your mother died, God rest her soul, but I don't want to live alone anymore. I think she would have wanted me to not be alone."

"I'm sorry that I never got the chance to know my mother. But I think you should find someone. Just be careful of who it is. You don't want to end up with someone who just wants your money. It doesn't feel very good."

"I don't think she wants my money. I think money scares her." Francesco looked at the ground and blushed.

"Father, who is this woman?"

"Well...I was thinking that...maybe...well..."

"Father, just tell me. It's okay with me and, as a matter of fact, I'd rather you be with someone than live alone."

"Rosie."

"Rosie? You like Rosie?!"

"I know I just met her, but, Daniel, I've stared at her picture. I love the sound of her voice too! She's so sweet and deserving of the finest things in life!"

Daniel started to laugh, then jumped in the air and yelled, "Wooo hooo!"

"Daniel, why are you yelling?"

"If I could pick out any woman that I'd want to look to as a mother, it would be Rosie. You just made my day!"

"Well, now we go inside and find yours, no? This Katherine must be one special lady."

One pissed off lady, thought Daniel as he walked back with his father.

Chapter 9

Katherine O'Brian woke up in her small bed and grabbed the covers she had kicked off during a fitful night of sleep. The tiny apartment was freezing. She couldn't afford to turn the heat up any more than sixty degrees if she was going to save enough money to see her uncle for Thanksgiving. She let her eyes wander around the small studio apartment until they ended up on the alarm clock. Shit! Jumping out of bed she grabbed an old pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, shoes, and jacket, and then headed out the door. She wouldn't even have time to grab a coffee. Shit, shit, shit! This would be the third day in a row that Katherine would miss her first class. I hate Economics! Now I'll be even farther behind. At least she wouldn't be missing her class in Fashion Design.

Stepping outside, the cold air blew right through her thin jacket. But buying new things for herself was completely out of the question.

"You look hurried," laughed Marty, her friend in design class.

"You have no idea. I haven't been sleeping during the night much. When I do, I have horrible dreams and end up sleeping through my alarm. I don't know what's wrong with me." Katherine let out a long sigh as she set down her backpack. She retrieved her latest sketches and a notebook as Marty leaned over to look at her drawings.

"Did you find a model yet?"

"Marty, I haven't even looked. I don't have any time, and I don't like meeting strange men."

"Well, I'd be glad to do it if we were allowed to use each other in the show. I'm having my sister be my model. I made the most adorable outfit for her."

"Maybe this is what's causing me such stress. The show is in four weeks and I haven't gotten past the sketch stage. I don't even have the material picked out yet. God, I'm such a failure."

"No, you just need a man. It works for me!"

Katherine started laughing with her dear friend but inside, she was a complete wreck. She had finally gotten around to calling her uncle. He wasn't happy about where she was living and that she was alone, but she didn't have a choice. Jacob had decided to head to Indiana, and she wanted to stay in Michigan to finish her education.

She couldn't afford to stay on campus, and she either walked or rode her bike to school. If the weather was bad, Katherine was forced to ride the bus. She was grateful that there was a bus stop close to her, but waiting for it to arrive could make her late, not to mention freezing to death while standing outside. Being able to get financial aid was a life saver and without it she couldn't afford to go to school, but the cost of living was eating her alive. Katherine ran karaoke at a local bar on the weekends, so that helped some. At least she had groceries, most of the time.

"Do you think I should put an ad up in the student center for a model?"

"Katherine, how much are you willing to pay them?"

"Not very much." Katherine couldn't afford to pay anyone.

"You can try putting up a few flyers. But don't give out your number. Make a separate email to list as your contact. There's a weirdo around every corner." Marty worried about Katherine when she walked to and from school. He felt she was safe on campus, but not in the rough neighborhood she lived in.

"Okay, I'll make the email after class and put the flyers up. Hopefully within a week I'll have my model. I just don't understand why I can't pick a female. I think it's ridiculous."

"Those are the rules. Guys have to have females and vice versa. It'll be more of a challenge, but I think it'll be good experience. I'm excited about the show!"

"If I was prepared, I'd be excited also. But seriously, I think I'll end up finishing at the last second."

Katherine headed over to the student center and, with her aged laptop, she made a new email. The sign was simple. "Need male model for fashion design and show!" Hopefully someone would respond soon.

Her luck improved later that afternoon when she received ten responses to the flyer. But after reading them, she decided she wouldn't pursue any of the applicants. Most of the emails were disgusting; one wanted to wear women's clothing, a couple more wanted to know what she looked like. Maybe I wasn't professional enough. Katherine decided that she'd place an ad in the paper, list her name, her temporary email address, and make it more professional. Her entire grade depended on this fashion show. It would just be the students in her class who participated, and it would take place on campus. These shows were always well attended and advertised. Some of the students ended up getting jobs in fashion.

I need a cute model who'll appreciate us poor folk.

The next day, Katherine placed her ad in the local newspaper. She took great care in writing the advertisement, asked for photos of the applicants, and gave her full name and email address. If no one responded, she would either be forced to use one of the creeps who applied, or kidnap someone. She didn't think that kidnapping would be very valuable on a resume.

That evening she received two responses. Both looked quite promising, and she decided to meet with them one at a time in a local coffee shop.

"Wait, you want me to pay you five hundred dollars for walking down a campus catwalk? Seriously, you're talking about a minute. Five hundred dollars a minute! You've got to be kidding me." Katherine got up and walked out. I even paid for that bastard's coffee!

The second applicant, after being told that she'd be making his clothes which he'd be modeling, didn't even bother to show up. She had no more time to schedule interviews. Her flight left in the morning for Tennessee to see her uncle for Thanksgiving. I should have just stayed in Prairie.

Marty agreed to keep an eye on her apartment for the holiday weekend. She was excited to fix a nice dinner for her uncle and spend time with him, but there were definitely some sad memories waiting for her in Tennessee.

Boarding the plane at seven on Wednesday evening, Katherine began to feel uneasy. She didn't mind flying, but what if he was still in Prairie? What if I walk into the bar and see him practically having sex with Emily on the dance floor? What would he do if he saw me? Cuss me out? Try to get me in bed? Could I resist him if he did? I almost lost it with him being that close to me. She knew that John Williams was bad news, and she needed to stay far away from him.

Katherine's uncle was busy so, of all people, Emily came to pick her up at the airport. I'm definitely starting out on a roll.

"Katherine! Over here! How are you, sweetie pie?" Emily's loud squeal could be heard over anything.

"Hi, Emily, it's good to see you again." Instantly the visual of John's hands on her ass were so real.

"Girl, the whole place is talking about you coming home. There's a bunch of people waiting to see ya!"

"Like who?" Katherine was hoping to find out if John would be there and with her.

"Oh, just all the locals! They've been missing that beautiful singin' voice of yours!"

"So what have you been up to, Emily?"

"Just workin' and hanging around the house."

"You mean some cute guy hasn't snatched you up yet?" Stop it, Katherine!

"Nope, I haven't had a boyfriend for about three years now. Ain't much into commitment myself.`" Emily raised her eyebrows up and down.

"What about that really cute guy who was in town? He was living up at Montoose Farm. I thought you guys had a fling going."

"He dropped me as quick as it started. I think he only did that to get you jealous. As soon as you walked out the door, he pushed me away and left. Kind of an inconsiderate bastard if I do say so myself." Emily examined her bright pink press-on nails.

"Oh, is he still in Prairie?"

"I'm not sure, I haven't seen him around. And that's just fine with me." Emily got a disgusted look on her face, which sported thick makeup.

They drove to the bar, and when Katherine saw the lights and heard the music, she got a bit excited and worried at the same time. She took a deep breath and in she stepped.

"Katherine! Come here, baby!" Andy's loud, boisterous voice made everyone stop what they were doing. Before she knew what was happening, she was being hugged, kissed, tapped, and picked up.

"Hello, everyone!" She was given a stool up by the bar, and Emily took off to put her apron back on.

"I'm so glad to see you, Uncle Andy." Katherine leaned over the bar and pecked him on the cheek. "Have you been taking care of yourself?"

"Yep, I got a clean bill of health from the docs. How about you? Did ya find yourself a prince?"

There isn't a prince, they don't exist.

Katherine thought about John as he petted the white horse in the barn. His smell. She closed her eyes and recalled the wonderful feelings she felt when he was near enough so she could inhale him. Stop it! But of course, her insides were already pumping.

"Uncle Andy, is that guy still around? The new one who was here some months back?"

"Oh that John Williams that got himself knocked out his first night here?" Andy started to laugh loudly.

"Yeah, him."

"He stopped in here asking for you. He wanted to know where you were staying. But I didn't have any information because you didn't call me."

"I'm sorry about that. I got so busy with work and school. But I'm here now!" Katherine wanted to know about John Williams. "So, is he still around? He stayed at Montoose Farm."

"Sam Montoose set the horse barn on fire out at that farm. He's sitting in jail now, which I'm glad. I never liked that guy. He's a drunk just like his brother Albert was. I think Rosie Montoose lost the farm. I don't know where she moved to. I haven't seen John Williams since the day he asked about ya. Something was strange though."

"What was strange?"

"Well, when I mentioned your cousin Jacob he appeared to be shocked."

Oh my God! I never got the chance to explain to him! She could only imagine what John thought when he spotted the two of them together. But even if that display with Emily was just to make her jealous, she didn't need a man who would stoop to that. But she had to know.

"Can I use your truck for a few minutes?"

"Katherine, you just got here and now you want to take off?"

"If you want to eat tomorrow, you'll give me your truck so I can go shopping."

"That's awfully sweet of you. But there're a lot of people hurtin' right now. We're going to have a big spread in here. Everyone can bring a dish if they can, and we're going to sit down as one big family. There's no need in folks being alone for the holiday."

"That's so sweet!" Katherine leaned back over the bar and kissed her uncle again.

"Here, catch the keys. The truck's where it always is." Andy winked at his niece as she walked out the door.

Katherine slowed down when she turned onto Shenandoah Road. What if he's there? But when she turned on her bright lights and got a clear view of the house, she could tell it was deserted. The barn was burned to the ground. John's room was back there! Oh God...

Katherine turned around as fast as she could and drove quickly back to town. She made a stop at Clyde's to pick up a few things for tomorrow's big feast. She decided she would bake the pies.

But her mind wasn't on the pies, the feast, or anything other than finding out if John Williams was okay.

Daniel sat on a sofa in his room at the mansion, wondering if the investigator who specialized in missing persons and background checks was getting any leads. Then it occurred to him that tomorrow was Thanksgiving. Surely her uncle would have had contact by now. Reaching for his phone, he felt his chest begin to tighten. What if she's there? What do I say?

Katherine was asked to do some karaoke since there were so many people in the bar. It always got folks to drink more, and that made her uncle very happy. Once the crowd saw her walk over to the machines and turn them on, they went wild. Her strawberry blonde curls were a little untamed, as Katherine played with her hair when she was worried or nervous.

She picked out a beautiful love song, the same one she sang to John that night. She wasn't sure if she could sing it ever again. But at least if she closed her eyes while she sang, she could picture his face. Katherine started to sing with every ounce of her soul. But in her mind, all she saw was John dancing slowly and groping Emily. She kept her eyes open for the rest of the song.

Daniel dialed the number.

"Thanks for calling The Corral, Andy speaking."

He heard loud music in the background. It certainly wasn't the jukebox. Daniel could recognize that voice anyplace! He closed his eyes so tightly they were hurting him.

"Hello?"

Daniel hung up the phone and sprinted through the mansion.

"Carl, where's my father?"

"He's retired for the evening, Daniel."

"Call for the jet! I have to get to Tennessee! Tell my father when he wakes up. Please hurry! I'll take my car to the plane!" Daniel was running as fast as he could down the steps while yelling over his shoulder.

He bolted out the door and climbed in the Lamborghini. This was the first time in what seemed like ages that he was grateful for the car. Squealing his tires, he fled his father's estate. Driving fast, and even recklessly at times, Daniel knew he had to get to Prairie while she was still there.

All Daniel did was hurry quickly just to find himself waiting for the jet. He dug his cell phone out of his pocket. "Carl, where's the jet?!"

"Daniel, I've been trying to phone you. The jet is getting some maintenance done. It won't be available until Monday. Your father cleared it. We didn't expect anyone to travel this weekend, it's a holiday."

"I've got to catch a plane then! I'm going to the airport."

Daniel drove quickly to the airport, not even caring that his car would be parked in a regular lot. He bolted toward the ticket counter. There were people everywhere, and what he didn't need was to have to wait in line. There were several people in front of him. After forty-five minutes, it was his turn.

"I need a flight to Nashville, Tennessee."

"I'm sorry, Sir, all the flights have been booked. It happens on holiday weekends. I can get you on a plane this Monday."

"No! I need one tonight!" Daniel felt his blood pressure rising.

"I can put you on standby, but I wouldn't hold my breath." The young blonde woman laughed and winked. Daniel wanted to shake her.

"Thanks anyway." He walked slowly back to his car, feeling totally defeated. She was right at the tip of my fingers! Damn!

Chapter 10

Katherine heard her door open up on Thursday morning while she stood in the little kitchen making pies.

"Happy Thanksgiving, Katherine!"

"Happy Thanksgiving to you too, Uncle Andy." She turned around and gave him a big hug.

"This place smells heavenly!"

"Good, I hope they taste like they smell." Smell. John's smell. What a bastard. I shouldn't have said I was sorry for calling him a pig. Even though the thoughts of John and Emily haunted her mind, she couldn't help herself. She needed as much information as she could get so she wouldn't dwell on John and could enjoy her holiday with her uncle and friends. "Can I ask you something about that fire at the Montoose Farm?"

"Sure, but I don't know too much information."

"Did anyone die?"

"I don't think anyone died, but I could be wrong about that. Seems a man was the one who got the horses out of the barn. The fire happened in the middle of the night, so I'm guessing, whoever it was, lived there. But we're planning on dinner around two. Do you think you'll be finished up in time?" Katherine's interest in John Williams didn't escape Andy. She'd never been this curious about a man.

"Yeah, that shouldn't be a problem. Hopefully they'll be nice and warm when they're served." Katherine gave her uncle another hug before he turned and walked out the door.

She immediately went to her bed and began to do a search on the little laptop as soon as the door closed. The article didn't mention that anyone had died. Thank God. Now to find John Williams, in New York... Wait, why are you looking for him?

But she did anyway, and the list was huge. With eyes full of sadness, she returned to the pies. He probably hates me as much as I hate him, especially because I left town without a word. If she hadn't been so livid at his behavior with Emily and for punching her cousin, she would have explained things. If only...

"Katherine, are you going to eat this delicious food or shove it around your plate?" asked her uncle as he crammed more turkey in his mouth.

"I ate so much! I'm just getting full now." She tried to give her best smile.

"Bullshit. This is the same plate of food, Katherine. Eat it." Her uncle looked at her through serious eyes. She knew she wasn't going to win. Slowly, she lifted her fork.

The rest of the weekend was quiet. Katherine did a couple of Karaoke nights, but other than that she tried to catch up on some much needed sleep. Fitful dreams awoke her frequently. Mostly she dreamed of John burning in a fire and her not being able to save him.

On Sunday evening, Katherine boarded her flight to go back to her little, freezing apartment. This was the last week she had to find a model. It was stupid of her to sign up for the sewing room, knowing she had nothing to make.

That evening she checked her emails. No one responded to the ad. That's what I get for advertising through a holiday weekend. Hopefully someone will call this week. Katherine didn't have the money to waste on another week of ads. But by then it would be too late to find a model anyway. She'd just have to retake the class, which would put her graduation date off by a year. The course was only offered in the fall. My life sucks.

Rosie waltzed into the kitchen at five in the morning and began preparing the turkey and getting the stuffing, casseroles, and the rest of the delicious meal prepared.

Francesco answered his phone at five-fifteen in the morning. The phone ringing at that hour scared him to the core.

"Francesco, I'm so sorry to wake you," said a sheepish Carl.

"What's the matter, Carl, is Daniel okay?"

"There is a kitchen problem, Sir. I thought maybe you should handle this one."

"Carl, you're calling to wake me up at this hour to tell me about a problem in the kitchen?" Francesco's voice was getting loud.

"It's Rosie."

"What are you talking about? Is she okay?!"

"Sir, Rosie has gone into the kitchen and insists on cooking Thanksgiving dinner. She said that their recipes were, and I quote her, Sir, 'God awful.'"

"Carl, if she wants to prepare the meal, let her. Tell the staff to answer to her. They can be her assistants today." Francesco was feeling warmth in his heart.

"The chef is angry, Sir. He's threatening to walk out."

"He'll be in love with her by the time dinner is served."

"Okay, Sir. Thank you." Carl hung up the phone and hurried to the kitchen.

Francesco never laughed so hard in his life. He was deciding he loved a woman with spunk!

Daniel was already drooling from the wonderful smells coming from the kitchen at the mansion. He was uneasy at first, due to all the yelling, and he could tell that Rosie was right smack in the middle of it. She insisted on serving it also and had even talked Francesco into carving the turkey. She hugged all the kitchen staff before she left, and once again there was peace.

"Rosie, I haven't done this in so many years! You sure you want me to cut this bird?"

"Francesco, you'll do a wonderful job." Rosie smiled at the older, attractive man, who was wearing a childlike expression on his face.

"Then carve it I shall!" Francesco was so happy as the three of them sat down for their Thanksgiving dinner.

"Oh mio Dio! This is delicious, Rosie. This is the best meal I have ever tasted!" Francesco reached over and squeezed Rosie's hand.

"Yes, Rosie, you sure know how to cook a mean Thanksgiving dinner!" Daniel couldn't seem to get enough. He smiled at his father, then at Rosie. He couldn't help but look at the empty chair beside of him. Katherine could have been sitting here with us if I hadn't been such an ignorant fool!

"This was the best way I could find to show my thanks for everything the both of you have done. Not only for me, but also for my horses."

"Did you see the horses yet, Rosie? They're at the trainer's now." Daniel could see that Rosie was on the brink of tears.

"I'm going to see them tomorrow. I am so excited to go and, Daniel, I bet they'd like to see you also. Would you like to go with me?"

"Sure, I would love to."

"Francesco, do you like horses?"

"Rosie, I love horses. I'm really excited to have them here!" Francesco certainly wasn't kidding. He had been hounding the guys setting up the horse area, and they were close to being finished. He avoided giving Rosie a tour of the mansion and grounds because of that very reason. He loved to give surprises.

"Would you like to go with us?" Rosie was hoping he'd say yes.

"I would love to go. Maybe we can stay there and visit them for a while. I would like that very much." Francesco was so touched that she thought to ask him.

"I'm getting up early and going shopping with Estelle. Then we can head over there after lunch. Is that a good time for you, Francesco?"

"Any time I get to spend with you and my son is a good time." Francesco blushed. Daniel had to stifle a laugh, especially when Rosie smiled in response to his father.

Rosie and Estelle were at the stores in Manhattan at nine o'clock sharp. Rosie looked at her checkbook balance in the limo and promised herself she would only buy one or two things that she needed. When she was able to find work, she would save up and buy more. The limo let the two women out on 5th Avenue.

"Estelle," whispered Rosie.

"Yes?"

"I don't have enough money to shop in these stores!"

"Yes you do." Estelle winked. "You aren't paying for anything. Mr. Giordano made it very clear. Just enjoy the day, Rosie. From what I hear, you are more than deserving of being spoiled. If we don't return to the mansion with a bunch of things for you, I will lose my job." Estelle made a fake sad face, as Francesco wouldn't threaten such a thing. But she was given permission to get as creative as she needed to, to get Rosie to agree to the purchases.

"Oh my! I don't want you to lose your job! Is he really like that? I wouldn't have thought so. He seems like such a sweet man."

"Rosie, he's the sweetest man in the world, and also very wealthy. He wants to take care of you. If I were you I'd let him. You're the only woman he has had any interest in since the death of his wife Lillian. If this makes him happy, then let him do it. He isn't harming anyone, and besides, you're going to have lots of fun!"

"Do you get to buy anything?" Rosie was feeling guilty.

"We both do. So let's shop! You will never meet a better man."

"Estelle, I believe you're right about that one." Rosie felt like a princess for the first time in her life.

The first store they entered, Rosie's jaw dropped.

Estelle was used to it. Francesco Giordano always took care of his staff and their families. No one would ever consider taking advantage of their bosses' generosity.

"Do they sell jeans in here? If not, I'm sure there's a Kmart or something around. They're all over the place down in Nashville. They shouldn't cost more than twenty bucks. Sometimes you can find them much cheaper if there's a good sale going on. That will save him some money."

All Estelle could do was giggle. She didn't know who wanted to spoil this sweet woman more, Francesco or herself.

Daniel met with his father to arrange the sale of the Lamborghini and the penthouse. He settled on a large Ford pickup. Even though it wasn't the best gas mileage, he would need a big vehicle if he had to tow a horse trailer for Rosie. Francesco voiced his approval and added that he was proud of Daniel for thinking of others instead of himself.

His clothes were a different matter. He looked online and found some good, comfortable jeans and t-shirts. He picked out some long sleeved shirts and sweaters for the cold season and, of course, some new work boots. He would save his custom suits for business meetings, but going outside dressed to the nines at all times was a thing of the past.

"Daniel, what should we do with the farm? Rosie doesn't want anything to do with it. It seems she had many painful memories of that place. Do you want it?"

"If it was a pleasant place I would. But I can't find it in my heart to own something that put Rosie through so much. I think it's something she needs to remove herself from and bury in the past. We might be able to find a use for it though, so hang onto it for a bit. I've been bouncing an idea around, like putting up some nice, clean apartments for people would be wonderful. There are a lot of folks who lost their farms and homes, and that horrible place that Beatrice runs isn't suitable for anyone."

"I think that's wise, Daniel. I'll definitely look into doing something like that. I'll keep ownership in case Rosie changes her mind one day. She should be part of any decision we do that involves the farm. It may even be a fun project for her that could help heal some old wounds. Did you see her today?"

"No, I don't think she's back from shopping. When she arrives we'll go see the horses." Daniel couldn't hide the excitement.

"You like those horses, no?" Francesco smiled.

"I love them. I spent so much time with the two girls it wasn't funny. I would sit in the barn for hours just talking to them. I think they changed me as much as Rosie and the work on the farm did. They're beautiful, Father, and I know you'll fall in love with them."

"Rosie Lynn Montoose. Who wouldn't fall in love with her?"

"Father, I was talking about the horses, but yes, you're correct too."

"Oh. Yes, well, I meant the horses..." Francesco put his best business face on. "And by the way, while you're grinning from ear to ear, stop by the study and sign the documents, they're sitting on the desk. Daniel..."

"You did not! You weren't talking about the horses. Seriously, you should ask Rosie out on a date. And don't be changing the topic to business! You're a great looking man. Just ask her out on a date."

"Me? Daniel, I wouldn't know how. Besides, if she said no to me I'd put my head in the sand."

"Ask her."

"Daniel..."

"Tonight. I'm not going to the stable with you two. I want you to go alone with Rosie. Then you ask her."

"I don't know, Daniel."

"Okay, let me know how it goes!" Daniel smiled and winked at his father. After stopping by the study, he signed the papers his father had prepared and left them on the desk for him, then walked upstairs to his room. It felt strange to him to be happy for his father's retirement and his possible future with Rosie, as opposed to how he would have acted in the past. The old Daniel would have been in cloud nine for all the money he'd have access to.

He stretched out on his bed to try to nap, hoping to shut his mind off. Here it was, Monday, and he was sure that Katherine had went back home. Wherever the hell that was. He didn't dare call the bar again. That would be three hang up calls on his part. He was disturbed by a knock at his door.

"Daniel, your father received a phone call. He would like to discuss the matter with you in his study."

"Thank you, Carl." Daniel walked down the long staircase and went inside his father's masculine office.

"Daniel, have a seat. I just heard from the investigator. They have found Katherine. There is a girl by that name who fits the profile description living in Michigan. I think you should fly there, my son. Maybe it's her, maybe it isn't. But she's attending the University of Michigan and is living in that vicinity. She stays in a small apartment, and I was told that the neighborhood isn't very safe in her area. You'll have to just find her on campus. Promise me, Daniel, that you'll stay clear of that apartment."

"I promise. Is the jet done with maintenance?"

"Yes, and I'm sorry about not having it available for you."

"It's fine. I will leave as soon as it's fueled and ready to go."

"Do you want me to accompany you, Daniel?"

"No, I think this is something I need to do on my own. Besides, you have a woman to ask out on a date!" Daniel gave his father the biggest smile he could.

"Take this file I'm preparing. The fax is just coming in, so hold on for a second." Francesco picked up the sheet with a photograph. "Is this your Katherine?"

Daniel studied the pictures. The strawberry blonde curls, the green eyes...

"Daniel, is it Katherine?"

"Yes, it is."

"She's a beautiful woman. Go talk to her, Daniel. When she meets the man standing before me, not the man that you were, she'll fall in love with you."

Daniel nodded and left the study. He packed a bag and included some suits, just in case he got to take Katherine to an expensive restaurant. He didn't have much else to wear. His order would take a week or so to arrive, so in the meantime, he could pick up a few things when he reached Michigan. Hopefully she wouldn't slap his face for lying about who he was. Hopefully she wouldn't one-round him for his behavior with Emily and all of his cruel accusations. Hopefully she'd see a changed man.

Chapter 11

Katherine looked at Marty with a worried face.

"No takers yet?"

"Marty, this is so horrible! What am I going to do?"

"Just have faith, Katherine. Something good will come through."

"How about you keep up the faith for both of us, because I certainly can't. After the trip to Tennessee, I have sixty-five dollars left. I can't afford to pay anyone, and if my landlord doesn't give me a little bit of extra time to fork over rent, I'm screwed."

"I'd give you money, Katherine, but I spent all my extra cash on material for my sister's dress."

"Marty, you're such a sweetheart. But I wouldn't take your money."

It was nine at night after Daniel found a motel room in Ann Arbor. It looked like a typical college town, but he was hungry for more. He rented a Jeep at the airport because the weather was calling for snow. He drove around for a while looking at the city, looking for Katherine. He was desperate. He found a little coffee shop and picked a table that had a newspaper on it.

I wonder if she's still doing karaoke out here. The thought of her having to feign off drunk men in a bar setting was making him angry. She's living in a dangerous neighborhood. He knew that, as beautiful as Katherine is, she could easily attract men. God, what if she has a boyfriend?

Daniel began thumbing through the local paper. Every time the bell chimed on the door signaling that someone had walked into the coffee shop, he immediately looked. Just when he was about to put the paper down after reaching the classified section, he saw it. A male model was needed and the applicant had to contact Katherine O'Brian. His hands began to shake. With his phone, he answered the ad via email and used his real name. She wouldn't know who he was. Daniel went back to his motel room and waited.

At ten-thirty that evening he received a response. They agreed to meet in the little coffee shop he was just in. She must live close to here! He said he could meet with her this evening and that it wasn't too late.

Daniel was a nervous wreck. He made sure he was dressed to the nines. If she's looking for a model, then I better play the part. Feeling satisfied with the way he looked, he headed to the Jeep.

Katherine was exhausted. She had no choice but to meet this guy. He said he didn't have any photos of himself and the camera on his phone was broken. But he'd agreed to model for free. Please, please, please be the one! She slipped on a pair of clean black slacks, a blue sweater, and her faux leather jacket that she found at the resale shop. It wasn't even warm but it was the best she had. In the strong, cold wind, she walked to the coffee house. She went as fast as she could, even running part of the way. The neighborhood was not the safest, but that's why the rent was cheaper.

Daniel saw her go in the coffee shop and look around. She picked a little table in the middle, for safety. Good girl, Katherine.

Climbing out of the Jeep, Daniel pulled the collar up on his wool coat, kept his face down, and walked in.

"Hi, Katherine, it's really good to see you again. May I sit down?"

"You moved to Ann Arbor?!"

"No, not quite. It's a long story and I'd like the chance to explain everything to you."

"I don't have time for this, John, I'm waiting for someone."

"You're waiting for Daniel Giordano."

"Wait, how do you know that?" Katherine was getting ready to dart.

"I'm Daniel Giordano."

"That's your real name?"

"Yes, Katherine, and I'm sorry I never told you."

"Oh I see, so the nice things you said to me to get me into your bed were backed with a fake name so you could leave town and not be found! You son of a bitch!" Katherine got up and ran to the door. She flung it open and the cold wind hit her in the face as hard as Daniel's words.

"Katherine, stop! Please!" Daniel ran behind her.

Out of breath, Katherine reached her apartment door. Her hands were shaking so badly, it took all she had just to hold the key. Aiming it at the keyhole was a different matter. She dropped it twice.

"Katherine, please let me talk to you."

"There's nothing to say. I don't even know you!"

"You do!"

Finally, Katherine unlocked the door and ran inside. Daniel stopped the door from slamming in his face. Katherine picked up the phone as he cautiously stepped in and closed the door behind him.

"Do I have to call the cops, Mr. Whoeverthehellyouare?"

"Look, I'll even stand right here at the door and I'll open it back up and leave it that way. I want to talk to you for fifteen minutes. That's all I ask."

"Then you'll leave?" Katherine was livid.

"Then I'll turn around and walk away. You'll never hear from me again."

"Okay, start talking. If you even come near me I'll beat your ass."

"Katherine, I was a jerk. I grew up being an immature jackass with a lot of money. My father made me grow up and thank God he did. He changed my identity and sent me from a penthouse, driving an expensive sports car, to Prairie Tennessee, driving a beat up pickup and shoveling horse shit. I wanted to tell you who I was for so long, but I was forbidden to disclose my true identity by my father. I had to prove to him that I could make it on my own and learn some things about life. If I had failed, I would have lost the family business. I would have lost all his respect and that would have been incredibly painful for me."

"So, how did Emily play into this? You're such a player."

"Like I said, I was an immature jackass."

"Say that again..."

"I was an immature jackass. But I'm not anymore. Yes, I used women for sex. I wanted no commitment. I had no feelings for any of them and I didn't even know their last names. So you were correct in calling me a pig."

"How am I supposed to believe you?"

"Spend some time with me, let me be your model and get to know me. But I don't want you staying here, Katherine, it's not safe. I'll rent you a room close to campus or on campus if there are openings. I'll buy you a car. I hate the fact that you're literally running around this town. I'm afraid that you're going to get hurt."

"My apartment isn't safe? It's funny, because this neighborhood has hurt me a lot less than you have!"

"If you want, I'll have you on a plane and you can come and meet my family."

"Seriously? You think I'd just pick up and leave with you? Oh my God, you're crazy!"

"Look me up on the internet then. Look up my father, our business, our address."

"Your fifteen minutes are up. Get out."

"Okay, here's my cell phone number, and I'm staying a few blocks down. Call if you want me to help you. If I don't hear back, I'll know you want me gone. Take care, Katherine." Daniel walked out the door as promised and closed it quietly behind him.

Katherine ran to the door and pressed her palms against it. She didn't know what to think, as part of her wanted to smack him, the other part wanted to believe him. He certainly dressed like he was wealthy. Having money doesn't mean you don't suck as a person. Katherine was shaken from the moment by her phone.

"Katherine, when do you plan on paying rent? It was due two days ago."

"Carmen, I'm really sorry. I work this weekend, so I can pay you when they pay me. Is there any way you can wait?"

"How quickly can you move? I have a waiting list of students who can pay for the room. You've been habitually late with every payment."

"Carmen, please?!"

"I'm sorry, Katherine, but I'd appreciate you vacating so I don't have to take legal action to have you evicted."

Katherine felt her heart sink as she listened to Carmen hang up the phone. Knowing there was no way she could get to Tennessee, no way to contact her cousin Jacob, and no way she could survive a week on the streets before her next paycheck, she slumped to the floor and burst into tears. Her dreams were shattered. She'd have to drop out of school.

Marty stared at Katherine's swollen eyes. "Katherine, what happened to you?"

"I'm dropping out, I don't have a choice. I just stopped by to say goodbye to you." The tears, once again, spilled over.

"No! Don't drop out, okay? We can figure something out. I'll find a way to get some extra money and I can give it to you."

"I have to go pack up my things and move out of my apartment. I can't make rent and I can't afford a ticket back to Tennessee. I can't do a damn thing!"

"Katherine, call your uncle."

"My uncle is barely making ends meet. I can't and won't call him."

"Do you know anyone with money? A long lost relative, perhaps?"

"I'll keep in touch, Marty. I love you." Katherine gave her friend a kiss on the cheek and a strong hug. She hurried and walked away before he could protest. She picked up two empty boxes in the administration office after dropping her classes and carried them back to her apartment.

Daniel sat in the coffee shop, checking his phone every two minutes to make sure it was on. Katherine, please call me! After an hour, he got up to walk around the campus. Maybe he'd get lucky and find her. He looked up as a screeching bus came to a stop. He saw Katherine struggling to carry a suitcase and two boxes. The driver was giving her problems.

"Look, I have to get on this bus!" Katherine sat her things down as the driver shook his head and started moving forward. She would try to at least make it to a shelter, but she was quite aware that there was a waiting list, and women with young children got first dibs. The shelter was at least ten miles away. She began to cry and sat down on the cold ground. Suddenly, she felt two strong arms around her, lifting her to her feet.

Without thinking, Daniel pulled her into his chest while Katherine wept. The wind was freezing, and he wanted more than anything to get her into a warm, safe place.

"Daniel-"

"You're coming with me. Whatever is happening, you can tell me and I'll make it better."

"Nothing can make this better!"

Daniel led her to his Jeep, put her boxes and suitcase in the back, buckled her seatbelt for her, and then drove to his motel.

"Why are we here? I'm not going to sleep with you!"

"We aren't going to sleep, Katherine. I'm going to get you a nice, hot cup of coffee and make you put some warm food in your stomach, then we're going to talk."

Katherine leaned her head against the cold window and let him find a parking place in peace. She had no more energy to fight, and eat? When was the last time she'd eaten anything?

Daniel found a spot in the parking structure near his motel, then gathered Katherine's belongings and led her down the block and through the lobby.

"Sir, you are paying for a single occupancy," said the manager when he saw the woman and her belongings.

"Well, then charge me for two." Daniel wasn't in the mood for his petty behavior.

"How long do you plan on having this woman stay with you?" The manager was sure that the rich man had found himself a companion for the hour. He wasn't running that kind of establishment.

"If this place was for sale, I'd buy it just to fire your ass. I'll settle the bill when we leave."

The guy looked at Daniel, but spoke not another word.

Daniel was staying in a suite. He set Katherine's things in the corner and picked up the phone to order room service. He didn't know what Katherine wanted, so he ordered many things. By the look on her face, she didn't know much of anything. She looked absolutely numb and lost.

"Katherine, let me take your jacket. These blankets will be warmer. If you'd like, you can take a hot shower or bath."

"Really? That's the first thing you can come up with?" Katherine angrily got up and headed for her belongings.

"Look, it's obvious that you're in some kind of a bad situation. All I want to do is help you. If you'd like, I will get you a room of your own. If you'd prefer a house, I can get you one of those as well."

"Wait, you'd get me my own room?"

"On whatever floor you want if there's a vacancy."

"I'll be honest with you. My choices are living on the street, or living on the street. I don't feel comfortable staying in a room with you. If you can get me a room I'd appreciate it, and in due time I'll pay you back. If you need the money now, then I'll be on my way. I'm down to fifty bucks."

Daniel picked up the phone and rented another suite. It was located around the corner at the far end. He also told them to provide her with anything she wanted and that all bills were to go to him.

"There, it's all settled. I'll run and grab the key at the desk and you wait right here."

Daniel went outside the room. As soon as Katherine heard the elevator ding, she went digging. How did he find me? Opening his briefcase, she stood shocked when she saw a picture of herself crossing the street on campus. What the hell?! That son of a bitch had me followed? Oh my God! Every detail of her existence was written neatly on three pages. Run!

As quickly as she could, she grabbed her boxes and suitcase and headed out of the suite. She ran as quickly as she could to the elevator. Come on, come on, come on!

The doors opened and Daniel stepped out and looked down at her. She was breathing hard, her eyes were wide, and she was shaking.

"Katherine, what's wrong?" Daniel was afraid that something had happened to her while he was gone.

"You had me followed?! What kind of a freak are you? You're some stalker!"

"I had an investigator look for you. Do you know how hard I tried to find you? I tried to get to Tennessee on Thanksgiving but I wasn't able to get there. I looked you up online and there were too many women with your name. If you would feel more comfortable, I'll call you a cab to take you to the police station and we can talk there. I don't care where it is. I just want to talk to you."

"We can talk in the lobby of the motel. If you even do one thing out of line, I'll scream. You got it?"

"Deal," said Daniel. "I'll do whatever you want me to do. I'll carry your things."

"Fine, let's go and get this over with." Katherine started to walk to the elevator. Daniel stayed outside in the hall.

"Are you coming or what?" Katherine spat.

"I don't want you to feel like you're in harm's way. I'll take the next elevator. Just don't run off on me."

Without saying a word, Katherine hit the down button, then walked in the lobby and sat on one of the sofas.

Daniel stepped out of the elevator and approached Katherine, who sat glaring at him with her arms crossed in front of her.

"I'll be right back." Daniel walked over to the desk and asked that all the food from room service be delivered down to the lobby instead.

"Katherine, why are you leaving town?" Daniel asked as he sat in the chair that was facing her.

"Look, I ran out of money, I couldn't find a model, and I couldn't pay rent. I got thrown out today and I had to quit school. Why do you care?"

"If I didn't care, I wouldn't have flown out here, and I wouldn't have gone to such extremes to find you."

Room service arrived with two carts. Daniel moved the coffee table between them. "Thank you, that'll be all," said Daniel as he gave the two young men a nice tip.

Katherine's eyes lit up as the plates were uncovered. Prime rib, turkey, two kinds of salad, steamed vegetables, potatoes, and all the works.

"If you'd like something different, let me know and I'll order it for you," said Daniel as he lifted a plate for her and filled it with some of everything.

In his entire life, he had never seen a woman eat like she was eating. Katherine saw him watching her and slowed down her chewing.

"What?" Katherine's cheeks blushed.

Daniel's heart melted. "Katherine, when was the last time you ate? You look much thinner to me."

"I'm not sure."

"We can fight if you want, but you're not living like this anymore. I'm even willing to fly you to Tennessee if that's where you want to go. But this is done!" Daniel was so angry. Not at Katherine, but at himself. He should have done more to find her right away. I should have acted better than I did to begin with.

The silence between them was much appreciated by Katherine. She was afraid of the situation, but even more afraid of having to live on the streets.

"Daniel, I appreciate all of this, and yes, I do get hungry, but I'm not your problem."

"No, because you're not a problem. I'm doing this because I care about you. Do you want to go back to Tennessee? I can't stomach going back there for a while, some horrible things happened at Rosie's Farm.

"I drove by the farm and saw the barn burned to the ground. I was so worried that you had gotten hurt."

"Really?"

"Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay."

"I didn't get harmed, and Rosie and her horses are safe. Rosie lives with me and my father now."

"Rosie Montoose?"

"I had gotten quite close to her. She became like a mother to me. The farm meant a lot, as it helped me to stop being a selfish prick. I owe her so much and I couldn't stand the thought of letting her lose her farm or being lonely and possibly harmed."

"I didn't go back to Tennessee until Thanksgiving. So I wasn't there when the fire happened."

"I know, I looked for you. I even went up to the bar. When your uncle told me you left, I felt like my heart was ripped out. I called there a few times just to get information so I could find you. All I wanted to do was have the opportunity to tell you I was sorry. I called three times and hung up. I heard you singing in the background on Thanksgiving and I tried like hell to get there. The family jet was down for the weekend and all regular flights were booked. Don't tell Andy that it was me." Daniel chuckled some and Katherine finally let herself smile.

"You knew it was me singing?"

"Katherine, I could pick out that beautiful voice of yours even in a crowded concert."

Katherine felt her cheeks beginning to blush. "I'm so full. Thank you for the meal, Daniel." Katherine stood up and put her hand out. She had to get out of there because she was beginning to feel like she did that night in the meadow. She would figure out a place to stay.

"Are you leaving?" Daniel got very worried. "Please, don't leave..."

"I have to go and figure stuff out. Everything in my life just got turned upside down. I can't go back to Tennessee. I'd feel like an even bigger failure. It's the second time I've left school."

"You can stay here, Katherine. You have your own suite. I promise not to even knock on your door. But you aren't sleeping on the streets and going without food. It's not happening as long as I'm alive. On this issue, I won't take no for an answer." Daniel picked up her boxes and suitcase and held the elevator door for her. "Do you feel safe enough being on an elevator with me?"

Katherine nodded and stepped inside. Daniel made sure he kept his body facing the doors. When the door opened, Daniel walked to the suite, opened the door, and set her things just inside. He immediately stepped back into the hall.

"You know where my room is, or you can leave a message at the desk if you need to reach me. Do you still have my cell phone number?"

"Yes and thank you. I'll make sure I'm out by eleven tomorrow morning. Is that check out time?" Katherine looked around to find a sign with something posted.

"Check out time is when it happens. But you aren't living outside. I won't budge on this, Katherine." Daniel looked into her eyes with his brow furrowed and his eyes full of worry.

"Okay, but I want to pay you back for the room and everything. Do you think we can work something out?"

"Yep, I know exactly what I want for repayment."

"Are you kidding me?!" Katherine instantly became furious.

"I want you to sing for me. I'll let you know when and where." Daniel winked and closed her door.

As he walked to his room, a thought occurred to him. She wasn't even dressed for this weather. He headed down to the lobby. Giving the manager a hundred dollar bill, the man behind the desk looked suspiciously at Daniel.

"Sir?"

"If the woman I was with, Katherine O'Brian, leaves the hotel with her belongings, I'm to be notified immediately. I'm going shopping and should be back in a couple of hours."

Chapter 12

Daniel found the mall in Ann Arbor and, with the help of a sales clerk about the height and size of Katherine, he was able to pick out several items that would provide warmth for this girl who had occupied his heart and thoughts for so long. He purchased nothing that even hinted that he could have ulterior motives. He bought her new luggage and even some warm winter boots. He picked up some candles and bubble bath from another store and would have those delivered as a complimentary package from the motel. Daniel wanted to do so much more for her, but was at a loss. Although he didn't know how to help her with her classes, he was certain that he had to find a way. But, if she'd already dropped out...then it hit him.

Digging out his cell phone, he called Carl.

"Daniel! It's a pleasure to hear from you. Did you find Katherine?"

"I found her. I'm surprised she even let me speak to her, but so far so good. I need you to do me a favor. I want you to find the top school for fashion and design in New York. I need that information as quick as you can get it, and I need the use of a recording studio."

"Very well, Daniel. But I have heard you sing, Sir, and no offense but-"

Daniel laughed and hung up the phone. He definitely didn't need to wait for those comments to come out of anyone's mouth.

Rosie rode in the back of the limo with Francesco to go to the trainer's home. She was so excited to see Patches and Daisy that she smiled for the entire drive.

"Rosie, see? I told you there were other horses here in this area. A couple of them have race horses, very expensive ones."

"Francesco, I can't wait for you to meet my girls. You're going to love them. Maybe they aren't the cream of the crop in some people's eyes, but they're my babies."

Francesco only smiled. He didn't want to make his feelings slip out. I'll love them because I love you.

The trainer, Amos, met them in the driveway and shook Francesco's hand, and tipped his hat to Rosie. "You have two of the best mannered horses."

"Thank you, Amos. Are you sure they're okay? They didn't get burned did they?"

"No, I have a groomer on staff, and the horses were cleaned up well and there weren't any burns on them. The vet's report said their lungs are in good condition as well. Are you ready to see the ladies? I know they're ready to see you."

"Oh there they are!" Rosie spotted the horses out in the pasture."

"If you wait right here I'll go get them for you." Amos headed for the fence but Rosie ran in front and went through the gate. With her loud whistle, the two horses' heads went up and their ears were open and wide. They came running for her. The love between them was clearly evident to both Amos and Francesco.

"Francesco, come and say hello!" Rosie was grinning from ear to ear. Each horse was given kisses, pats, and hugs.

"Rosie, they are so beautiful," Francesco said as he stepped inside the gate and enjoyed their presence. "I can't wait to get them home! It shouldn't be more than a few days, Rosie. Then you can see your babies anytime, day or night."

There was some small talk between Francesco, Rosie, and Amos. The horses had been washed and well groomed; their coats were shiny in the sun. Francesco saw Rosie shiver and had to get her out of the cold.

"Let's get the horses in the barn. I don't like you standing in the cold."

"The horses like it out here, Francesco, and I'm okay." Rosie gave him her best smile. When she did, he looked into her beautiful blue eyes.

"Rosie, I know I'm lousy at this. But you are a beautiful woman. You're a good woman. I know I'm old and everything, but-"

"Old? Francesco, you're only a few years older than I am." Rosie laughed.

"Would you like to go on a date with me? I can take you anyplace in the world, and we can have dinner, go dancing, see a play. Whatever you'd like, whatever you want, it's yours. Please say yes, Rosie. I'm a good man who can make you so happy!"

"What I would like is some time alone in the kitchen. I'll make us a nice dinner, then we can go into the front room and you can dance with me. Would you like that?"

"Rosie! Yes!" Francesco threw his arms around this woman who fit so comfortably in his embrace, then without a second thought, he softly and briefly kissed her on the lips. "Does this mean that you're mine?"

"Yes, Francesco, I'm yours. I've liked you since I met you."

"Me? You like me?" He was feeling twenty years younger.

Rosie patted his cheek, nodded her head, and then turned to say goodbye to the horses. She was trying as hard as she could to get her cheeks to stop glowing red.

Francesco stepped beside the limo and pulled out his phone.

"Daniel?"

"Hi, father, is everything okay?"

"She said yes!"

Then the phone call ended just as fast. Daniel smiled and laughed. Go you, Pops!

Daniel's heart grew heavy even after the good news from his father. If I wouldn't have royally screwed this up, I could be making that phone call to you. I'd rather spend the rest of my life alone than go through it without her.

Katherine lay back in the bubble bath and let out a long sigh. Her apartment didn't have a tub, just a shower, and it was so small. She hadn't had a relaxing bath in a very long time. The little complimentary bottle of bubble bath wasn't enough, but would have to do. She'd only seen rooms like this in magazines. Never in a million years did Katherine believe she'd ever get to stay in one. He must be paying hundreds and hundreds of dollars a night, if not more.

After forty minutes of soaking, she got out and put the lotion, also complimentary, all over her body, then combed out her freshly washed curls. Katherine sat beside the large windows and looked out over the city. He hasn't tried anything with me. Maybe he's really not a creep. He's had plenty of opportunities to try and get me in bed, or worse. But he's been nothing but a gentleman. I can't let myself fall for him though. I can just see his rich behind jetting all over the world and sleeping with women. He probably has kids he doesn't even know about. And all he wants in return is a song? He probably doesn't even like my singing.

Katherine sighed long and hard as she heard a knock at the door. She let the towel fall and threw on a terrycloth robe, another little perk from the motel. She looked through the peep hole and couldn't see anyone.

Daniel had dumped the wrapped packages in one of the bags on the floor and had to hurry and pick them all up before she opened the door. But she didn't open it, and Daniel became instantly worried. He knocked a little harder. Maybe she's sleeping. I should let her get some rest.

He turned to leave when he heard the door unlock from the other side.

"I picked up a couple of things for you. May I come in?"

"What kind of things?" Katherine didn't know what she should do. Looking at his wind-tossed hair, his red cheeks from the cold, and his dark eyes, was making her feel things she knew would do nothing but get her into trouble. Just like last time.

"I can stand by the door if you'd like and we can leave it open."

"No, that's okay. Just give me a few minutes to put some clothes on."

Daniel watched the door close and heard the familiar lock clink. He sat all the bags on the floor beside of him, as his arms were feeling the strain from carrying them so far. He couldn't believe how far away he had to park. He tried to keep his mind on his mission to help her, but seeing Katherine with wet curls and the white guest robe on made him stir.

"Okay, come on in. Do you need help?"

"That's okay, I can get them. Have a seat, Katherine, I have a couple of surprises for you." Daniel gave her a big smile.

Katherine raised her eyebrows and suddenly felt like a little girl on Christmas morning. Daniel handed her the first wrapped present. He had waited for twenty minutes for someone to come and help him at the gift wrapping area, and no one showed. Frustrated, he stopped at a local store on the way to the motel, and wrapped everything himself in the back of the Jeep. They looked like he wrapped them too.

Katherine smiled as she looked at the stack of packages. Her heart rose with warmth. "Did you wrap these?"

"Yes, I'm sorry they look so bad. I'm not very good at it. It was cold and the wind was blowing. That's my excuse and I'm sticking to it!" He laughed even though his embarrassment was evident.

"They're beautiful." She didn't know what was making her feel more wonderful. The fact that he wrapped all of these things himself or that he was embarrassed because he didn't think they looked good enough for her.

She carefully opened up the first box. It was a full-length, very soft, baby blue wool jacket. She had never seen a more beautiful coat. Standing up she tried it on. "Daniel, this is gorgeous! You picked this out?"

"I found a sales clerk about your height and size, so she tried them on. But I picked everything out. Do you like it? Does it fit okay?"

"Daniel, it's perfect! I needed a warm coat, I didn't have one. Look!" Katherine slowly turned around. It fit perfectly. Her strawberry blonde hair on the baby blue coat, her green eyes...Daniel's breath caught in his throat.

"Katherine, you look incredible! Here open these, I'm so excited!" He left the luggage he purchased in the Jeep so Katherine would be less inclined to run. Daniel wasn't sure who was having more fun. The boots fit perfectly, and the hat, scarf, and gloves matched her coat. He was sure the warm, yellow pajamas would fit her. He also found a soft pale yellow robe. He purchased jeans, socks, and sweaters, and could have shopped all day but he didn't want to risk the time and have Katherine slip out of the motel.

She was so excited that, without forethought, she ran to Daniel and threw her arms around him. His smell. Quickly, Katherine backed up. "Thank so much for everything, Daniel. It was very kind of you."

Daniel wished more than anything that she hadn't let go of him. The warmth of her body, the way she felt in his arms, took him back to the first night he got to hold her.

"Do you think we could talk for a few minutes? There's a couple of things I want to say to you. I promise I won't stay long."

"Sure, I don't mind." Katherine slipped off her new coat and stepped out of her boots, then sat on a chair.

"Don't be mad at me for this okay?"

Oh God, here it comes. Katherine braced herself for the incoming seduction line.

"I want you to finish school, Katherine. I've made some phone calls to the best fashion design school in New York. It won't cost you anything and you'll have a very nice place to stay. You'll get all the privacy you want, and you don't ever have to see me."

"Daniel, are you serious?" Katherine was shocked. She totally didn't expect this kind of offer. "I don't have money, Daniel. You've been very generous but I can't let you do all of this."

"You have to go. I already paid for your tuition. You can start in the spring, and if it would make you feel more comfortable, I can get you your own house or apartment. Seriously, you only have to see me one other time once we're in New York."

"And why would that be?" Here it comes...

"To sing for me. One song per gift that I wrapped today." Daniel was very serious.

Katherine looked around and counted. "Wait, I have to sing you thirteen songs?"

"Yes."

"Just sing, nothing else?"

"Nope, that's all I want, and I even rented a recording studio in Manhattan. I don't like odd numbers so if you want to throw in another song, I won't complain." Now he was smiling.

"Can I ask you something?"

"Anything you want to know, I'm an open book with you."

"If you saw Emily again, would you-"

"No, never. And as a matter of fact..." Daniel pulled out his phone, put it on speaker, and dialed the bar. The person who answered was definitely Emily.

"Emily, I don't know if you remember me, my name's Da-John Williams. I danced with you that one day."

"Yeah, I remember. You were all over me, then dropped me like a hot biscuit!"

"I'm calling to tell you how sorry I am. I was upset and immature and used you to hurt someone that I care very much about. I was a pompous ass, and I'm sorry I was so mean to you."

"That's okay, sugar, you going to stop by?" Emily tried to use her most seductive voice.

"Good luck, Emily. I don't think I'll be stopping by, and if I do I hope to have Katherine with me." Daniel hung up the phone.

"Have Katherine with you..."

"Look, I'm not going to lie to you. I would love to be with you some day. Sitting here on this sofa is very hard for me. What I want to do is throw my arms around you but I know you don't feel that way. Well, now that I've completely made you hate me, I'll leave. I know that this behavior was the last thing you wanted from me." Daniel got up to go. "Have a nice evening, Katherine. Call me if there's anything you need."

"Wait, don't go."

"You want me to stay?" Daniel couldn't believe he heard those words.

Katherine didn't know what was coming over her. What she did know was that Daniel wouldn't be able to stay there forever. If he left, she'd probably never see him again. I can't live the rest of my life, never knowing...

"How long will you be staying in Ann Arbor?"

"Katherine, I'll have to leave soon, I have a business to run. But I'll make sure you're well cared after I go."

"Are you talking about a week? A month?"

"No just a day or two. I came to find you to tell you I was sorry. Clearly we want different things, but I'd rather just be your friend than nothing at all."

Katherine stared at his warm, dark eyes. She saw nothing but concern and compassion. What kind of guy would go through all of this trouble for a woman? Certainly a good one.

"You should stay for a few days. We have a trip to New York to plan. I'll look up ticket prices and-"

"Pack your bags. We'll leave this evening." There was no way Daniel was going to let an opportunity like this leave. He finally was being given the chance to make things right.

"But there might not be-"

Daniel pulled out his phone again. "Carl, have the jet come to Michigan."

"Daniel, I didn't know how long you'd be. The jet is still there."

"See you soon then! Thanks, Carl, I owe you one."

"I'll be back in a moment." Daniel ran to the Jeep and hauled up the new luggage.

He knocked on her door and she immediately opened it. "Start packing, Katherine." Daniel was elated. Shutting the door behind him, she heard him yell out in happiness.

The jet. Katherine packed as fast as she could, not sure of what her future held. What was becoming very clear was that Daniel Giordano was an amazing man. His scent still lingered in the room. Katherine inhaled deeply.

Chapter 13

Upon arriving at the airport, Katherine's cell phone rang. It was the bar. Emily is going to scream at me.

"Katherine, it's Emily."

"Look, Em-"

"Your uncle has had a heart attack! Can you get here? I don't know what to do! They put him on a helicopter. I'm so scared!"

"Oh God..." Katherine's face lost its color.

"Katherine." Daniel got a sinking feeling in his gut. "Is everything okay?"

"Daniel, I'm sorry but can I borrow a few dollars for a ticket to Tennessee? My uncle has had a heart attack. Please!" Tears were instantly spilling over.

"Come with me." Daniel grabbed Katherine's hand and ran with her to the plane. Once onboard, Daniel told the pilot, "Charles, there's been a change. We have an emergency in Tennessee. Change the flight plan and get us to Nashville as soon as possible."

Charles nodded and got on the radio as the limo driver brought the luggage onboard. Katherine went and sat down. Her legs were getting ready to defy her.

"Katherine, come here." Daniel wrapped his arms around her as she sobbed.

"I shouldn't have left him!"

"It's my fault, Katherine. You left because I drove you away." One more thing I failed at.

"He's the only family I have besides Jacob."

Daniel held her until she felt composed enough to sit up straight. She stared out the window with a blank look on her face and a vacancy in her eyes.

"Where are your parents, Katherine?"

"When I was a child I was sent to visit Uncle Andy. I didn't know that it wasn't just a visit. My parents wanted a new life, so they left and stopped all contact. My uncle is my father's brother, so he adopted me. After the adoption, they even stopped contacting him. Being abandoned wasn't any fun. I've spent my life feeling that I wasn't good enough, and living with the fear of people leaving me has made life more than difficult."

"I might not be part of your family, but you'll always have me. Even if it's just as a friend."

You'll get to know me, then you'll leave too, thought Katherine.

Before landing in Nashville, he got out his cell phone. "Is your uncle an Andy or an Andrew?"

"His legal name is Andy O'Brian. He doesn't have a middle name."

He called the two hospitals and asked if Andy O'Brian was a patient there. Finally he was getting somewhere with the second call; the operator transferred him to the emergency department.

"Hello, do you have an Andy O'Brian there?"

"We really can't give out any information over the phone. Is this a relative?"

"Yes, and I'm thirty-five thousand feet in the air. I'd really appreciate it if you'd tell me so I know which hospital to go to."

"He will be here shortly. He's being airlifted. We're one of the top trauma centers in the area, so don't you worry. We'll take great care of him."

"Okay, we'll be there soon."

Daniel rang the intercom for the flight attendant.

"What could I get for you, Daniel?" Cheryl had worked for his family for the past eight years.

"Cheryl, I need transportation at the airport to get to the hospital. We don't have time to wait."

"Let me make a phone call." Cheryl briskly walked away.

A limo was waiting, and luckily they weren't too far from the hospital. As soon as they entered, the overhead intercom announced a code blue in the emergency department, and the message was repeated, over and over again.

Katherine panicked. "Oh my God!"

"Katherine, it might not be your uncle. Come with me to the desk." Katherine felt her legs getting weak, and Daniel put an arm around her.

"Has Andy O'Brian arrived yet? We're his family."

"He's being examined. I'll need to get some information from you. Just have a seat over there and I'll get some paperwork."

Katherine sat in the chair and gave Admissions all the information she could, but they weren't allowed to see him. An hour later, a physician stepped out to the lobby and escorted them to a private conference room.

"Are you Katherine O'Brian, Andy O'Brian's niece?"

"Yes, is he okay?"

"He's conscious, but he's had a heart attack."

"Is he going to make it?"

"We won't know the extent of the damage for a while. But there are some positive findings so far. Do you live close by?"

"No, we live in New York," offered Daniel.

"There are local motels you can stay at. He's going to be here for a while."

"When he's stable enough to be moved, I want him on a medical flight to New York. Then he can recover at our house."

Katherine looked at Daniel. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. "My uncle doesn't have insurance, but I'll find a way to pay for anything he needs."

"He's going to need care by specialists."

"I can get him whatever he needs. I'll hire a private physician and staff to care for him. I'll have a room converted."

"I think we need to take one step at a time." The doctor felt sorry for this couple. The young man obviously had no medical knowledge, but was so eager to help. Hopefully the cost would deter him from trying to set any plans in motion. "What you're thinking about doing is going to cost a very large amount of money.

"I can afford it." Daniel wasn't about to argue.

"It will cost an enormous amount of dollars for the flight and the rehabilitative care. I don't think you understand the cost. It'll be quite a while before we could approve a transfer anyway. This is a very good facility and Mr. O'Brian will be in great hands. Again, please consider the cost."

"That's okay," Daniel thought about his company. "I have billions."

After many hours had passed, Daniel and Katherine were escorted through a closed door by the nurse.

Katherine was terrified. "I'm so scared!"

"Just hold my hand and we'll go together, sweetheart. It's going to be okay, and you don't have to worry about anything. I'll get your uncle everything he needs."

The nurse escorting them stopped before they got near his room. "Your uncle has another set of blood work in three hours. I just wanted you to see that he was alive and getting medical treatment. We'll know more in the morning, so it would be best if you just go get some rest. The doctor will be in to do his rounds early, and he will be checked on throughout the night. Your uncle will be moved to the cardiac intensive care unit when they get a bed available."

Katherine walked in, softly kissed her uncle's cheek, and told him she loved him. She thanked the nurse and walked out the door, trying to stifle a sob. Daniel gave the nurses at the desk his number in case it was written wrong in the chart.

"I should stay. You can go get some rest or fly back to New York, but I can't leave him." Katherine broke down in tears, unable to maintain her composure.

Daniel pulled her close to him and whispered in her ear. "It's better for you to get some rest. We'll have a long day ahead of us. I promise I'll get the closest room to the hospital. I don't want you to feel like you're alone in this. I'm not going anywhere okay? We'll sleep for a couple of hours, then we'll head back up. Come with me, Katherine, the staff will take excellent care of him."

Following the staff's recommendations, Daniel escorted Katherine to the motel that was directly across the street.

"This is the room you can stay in. I'll find one close to yours."

"No! Please stay with me." Katherine wrapped both of her hands around his forearm to stop him from walking away.

"Okay," said Daniel, and he closed the door behind him. He got the extra blanket off the rack and sat down in the chair by the wall in the small room. "We didn't get the luggage from the limo. I'll have it brought to the room in the morning or I can call and have some overnight clothes delivered. I'm sorry I screwed that up."

"No, you didn't screw anything up, Daniel. Thank you for helping me through this." Katherine reached up and kissed him on the cheek.

"I'm going to lie down so I can be up soon." Katherine stretched out on the bed. What if he dies? He looked horrible lying in that bed. The tears leaked from her eyes and Daniel listened to her trying to muffle sobs in the darkness.

Slowly, he took the blanket off of himself and lay down next to her. He pulled her toward him and spooned with this woman he cared so deeply for. His thoughts never even went to lust. He kissed her cheek and rocked her slowly in his arms.

Daniel had gotten so used to waking up at five in the morning that he crawled out of bed an hour before the alarm was to go off. He took his phone to the bathroom and called the hospital.

"The doctor has been in to see him several times. You can go have some breakfast and then come on up and visit with him briefly. He's in the cardiac intensive care unit now."

"Okay, thank you so much." Daniel knelt beside the bed and brushed the curls off of Katherine's face. She slowly opened her eyes, then sat up quickly.

"Is he alright?!"

"He's doing okay and we have permission to visit him. I was told that we should have some breakfast, then come up and see him."

"I'm not very hungry, Daniel."

"You're eating." Daniel winked at her. After getting cleaned up, they went to the restaurant next door and ordered breakfast. Daniel laughed at his past. He wouldn't be caught dead wearing the same clothes two days in a row.

Francesco was worried about his son. He pressed the button and waited for Carl.

"Good morning, Francesco."

"Have you heard anything more from Daniel? I'm very worried."

"I believe that he is with Katherine at the hospital. The pilot took them to Tennessee. Seems her uncle had a heart attack, but I haven't gotten word on his condition."

"I'm going to call."

"Francesco, I doubt that Daniel can talk on his phone if he's with Katherine visiting her uncle. His phone isn't going to work in there. Perhaps it's best if you wait for him to phone."

"I suppose you're right."

"The horses should be arriving today. Rosie is so happy this morning," said Carl.

"Yes, she even laughed in her sleep. She was just like a little girl."

"What?"

"Oh, never mind."

"You're blushing, Sir."

"I suppose I am, Carl, I suppose I am."

Daniel walked behind Katherine as she stepped onto the intensive care unit.

"We're here to see Andy O'Brian," said Daniel.

The doctor approached with his hand outstretched. "I'm Doctor Mathews. I wanted to speak to you before you visit with your uncle."

"Is he okay?"

"He's had a heart attack. Thankfully it wasn't real severe, but he's going to have a long recovery."

"What happened to him?" Katherine was feeling even more guilt about not being with him.

"Apparently he dropped down to the ground with severe chest pain. He never lost consciousness and, luckily, there isn't a lot of heart damage. It's imperative that your uncle changes his lifestyle and diet. That's all part of the recovery process."

"So his heart never stopped?" Please tell me no. Katherine continued to beat herself up.

"No, it never stopped, which is a good thing. I understand you want some of his rehabilitation to take place in New York?"

"Yes, that's correct," replied Daniel.

"He can't travel for a while yet. This is the best place he could be in. When you visit your uncle, try to keep things low key. We don't want him getting angry or upset."

"I won't upset him. Thank you, Doctor." Katherine and Daniel shook his hand and then headed for Andy's room. They heard him in the hallway.

"I'm not drinking that, it tastes like shit! Can't you get me some real stuff?"

Katherine stopped the nurse. "Why is my uncle upset?"

"He wants regular coffee and he can't have caffeine. His diet is very strict and he isn't happy." The nurse smiled and let out a long sigh.

"May we see him now?" Katherine was so eager.

"You sure can. Just remember he's still weak."

Katherine and Daniel walked into Andy's room and saw him sitting up in bed with his eyes closed.

"We should come back and let him sleep," whispered Katherine.

"Nonsense! Come in, Katherine." His voice was still loud but shaky. He looked ten years older.

"How do you feel?" Katherine kissed him on the cheek and held his hand.

"Okay, I guess. I just wish they'd shut all this damn equipment off and take these needles out of my arms, maybe give me a cup of coffee and some decent food!"

"Uncle Andy, do you remember John Williams?"

"Sure do, how ya been? I see ya found Katherine!"

"Good to see you, Andy. My real name is Daniel Giordano. It's a long story which I'll explain some day when you're feeling better."

Andy's brow furrowed.

"Uncle Andy, how has the bar been doing?" Katherine needed to change the topic. The last thing she wanted was to get him riled up. Being lied to was a sure way down that path.

"Pretty bad. I lose money every month, and this last week I borrowed a few dollars just to make payroll."

"Do you think it was the stress from that place?"

"I think so. That and the doc says my diet wasn't anything to brag about."

"I don't think you should go back there and try to run that bar. I also don't believe you were seeing a doctor back home."

"Katherine, I know you're just worried, but it's my job. If I don't do that, what the hell else will I do? The town's pretty dead, and I can't survive on my good looks! The last thing I can afford to pay is medical bills. This is going to cost a mint."

"Uncle Andy, we want you to come to New York with us. We'll explain things later, but living out there with no one taking care of you, the bar failing, and the building falling apart isn't a way to live. Besides, I miss you, and Daniel is going to help me get into the top design school in New York. I can't stay in Tennessee with you, but you could come and be with me. New York is supposed to be an amazing place."

"I'm not going to be a burden on anyone."

"Andy, you're not going to be a burden. We would love to have you, and I think you'd get along good with my father. He would enjoy the company, and he's a good man. You also don't have any medical bills."

"What's your father do?"

"He's in the shipping business." Daniel was hopeful with Andy asking questions.

"Oh, yeah. Like packages and stuff. Does he have his own mail store like in Nashville? They got a pretty good one there."

"No, not that kind of shipping. He has vessels."

"Really? I never met anyone who did that. Does he get seasick? Even if he's a captain, being on a boat can do your stomach in."

"No he owns them. Many in fact."

"So your father is a rich man I take it."

"Uncle Andy, don't worry about that. The point is, we want all of us to be together."

"You're a couple now?" Andy let out one of his laughs.

"No, not a couple, just friends." Katherine's cheeks turned red and Andy didn't miss a beat.

"Bullshit. Look, I lost the woman I loved fifteen years ago. Don't assume the person you long to be with will be there the next day. Stop wasting time."

"We're going to let you get some rest, Uncle Andy. We'll be back in a couple of hours, okay? We have to get our luggage."

"What the hell happened to your luggage? The airport eat it?"

"We accidently left it-"

Daniel cut her off. "Yeah, it's in the car." This was just too much information for Andy to take in. He was glad that Katherine was ending the visit, but knew he would definitely have to work on the 'just friends' part. There was no way he was going to lose her.

When the area for the horses was complete, Francesco came and got Rosie and led her outside by the hand. He did a good job by keeping her away from that side of the mansion so he could surprise her. He'd also warned all the staff.

"Okay, my sweet. Now you have to close your beautiful eyes."

Rosie smiled, closed her eyes, and let Francesco lead her around the side of the estate. When he had her standing in front of the beautiful red barn, he bent down, kissed her lips softly, and told her to open her eyes.

"Oh my! Francesco, you did this for me? You told me you would make an area for my horses, but I had no idea you were doing all of this! Thank you so much!" Rosie wrapped her arms around him and whispered in his ear for the fifth time that day, "I love you, Francesco."

"I love you too, my Rosie. Now I have one more surprise for you." Francesco got his phone out and dialed a number, let it ring, then hung up.

As soon as Rosie was ready to ask him why he hung up on someone, she turned her head in the direction of a truck. As it rounded the bend, Rosie could see the trailer carrying her horses.

She let the tears come out and ran to meet the truck, then ran back to Francesco and kissed him, then ran back again to the truck. She helped Amos back the horses out and led them to their new home. The barn and stable area were spacious and beautiful.

Francesco thanked Amos and waited until he was gone, then told Rosie he would like to go pet the horses.

"Oh, Francesco, they're going to be so happy here!"

"I hope so, Rosie. I'm even happier with you here."

She smiled and walked over to the horses. She couldn't believe how her life had completely turned around from where it had been, and it was all because of this kind man who loved her so much.

"Francesco, we're going to have to get some carrots down here for the girls. Do you have any?"

"Rosie, I had a special treat made. Look in the satchel. I think both you and they will approve." Francesco held onto a post and waited.

Rosie looked around and found the beautiful satchel. She reached her hand in and pulled out a box. She looked at Francesco quizzically and opened it. Inside, there was a smaller box. As Rosie opened it up, Francesco held tightly onto the post and lowered himself to one knee. He held out his hand, and Rosie, with tears in her eyes, walked toward him and gave him the small box. Francesco removed the ring and held it. The small golden band had a two carat, brilliant cut diamond. He knew that if it was a larger stone, Rosie would have protested.

Francesco lovingly looked into her eyes. "I thought I would be alone for the rest of my life. Before I met you, I thought the inside of me was dead. But you melted my heart the first time I met you. I know that it's soon, but I'm too old to be waiting for something that I know is already perfect. When you took my son under your wing, I thought you were special. When I brought you into my home, I was positive. You belong here, Rosie, forever. You belong in my life. I want to give you all my love, and I never want your beautiful mind to ever have another worry. I love you, Rosie. Will you make me a proud man and marry me?"

Rosie let Francesco hold her shaking hand and slide the beautiful diamond ring on her finger. "Yes, Francesco. I couldn't be happier. You have given me more love in just the short time I've been here than I ever got during my entire life."

Francesco held onto the post and pulled himself back up. He gently wrapped Rosie in his arms and kissed her.

Chapter 14

Katherine walked back to the motel room, slightly ahead of Daniel. Her face looked concerned, her mood was heavy.

"Katherine, what's bothering you?"

"He's not going to leave Prairie."

"How do you know?"

"Because I know him. If he chooses to stay back in that small town, I'll have to stay with him. I can try to help you get your tuition money back."

"You need to finish your education, Katherine. It's been your dream, and now you can go to the finest design school. Your uncle hasn't said he wants to stay."

"Daniel, the bar could easily be shut down. It's in severe need of repair. The apartment upstairs where I stayed? The bathroom floor is starting to give in. The place is a fire hazard. He loves being around people all the time and he gets that running the bar. I just wish it wasn't costing him more to run it than what he brings in. There's no way he'll ever get enough money to fix the building. I did a few things, but I could only do enough to keep the bar open."

"What can I do to help? Just let me know, Katherine, and I'll do it."

"I want you to go back to New York and enjoy yourself. Since you met me, look how much trouble I've caused you."

"Katherine, on the twentieth of December I take over the family business so my father can retire. I can't stay in Tennessee even though I'd rather stay with you. Our main offices are located in New York."

"Daniel, I've said this before. I'm not your problem."

"You're not a problem, and I believe I've said that before." Daniel could sense impending doom approaching. "Look, all we can do is wait and talk to your uncle. We have to go by whatever he wants to do. But I promise you I'll help as much as I can."

When they arrived at the motel, he knew there'd be no way that Katherine would allow him to sleep in her bed. He just went and got a different room so he wouldn't have to hear the words from her mouth. Daniel couldn't make her come back to New York with him, and he couldn't make Andy come there either. If he lost her again, he didn't know what he would do. How could he fix this? How could he make Andy's life better so Katherine wouldn't have to stay in Tennessee? He decided to call the man who was way wiser than Daniel had ever given him credit for being.

"Daniel! I'm so glad you called, I was getting worried about you."

"Katherine's uncle had a heart attack and I just don't know what to do."

"Is he okay?"

"Yes, Father, but he feels like he's imposing. I've offered him the chance to come to New York, but Andy's pretty stubborn. Katherine agreed to come back with me and go to fashion design school in New York, but now she wants to go back to Tennessee to take care of him if he won't agree to come with us. I love her and I don't want to lose her again."

"Does she love you?"

"She said we're just friends."

Francesco could hear how tired his son was and how sad he'd become. Now was not the time to let him know that he proposed to Rosie. "Do you want me to talk to Katherine's uncle for you?"

"Father, he's a very stubborn man. I wasn't exaggerating."

"Good, so am I. I'll see you in the morning, Daniel."

"I'm not sure when I'll be back, Father, things are kind of in the air."

"No, I'm flying there. What hospital is he in?"

"I don't mean to be disrespectful so don't take this the wrong way. He might get angry, and he isn't supposed to be getting upset."

"So you think I got this far in business by not knowing how to talk with men like him? Daniel, watch and learn. I love you."

Daniel knew there'd be no stopping his father.

Katherine sat in her motel room staring out the window. Why did he leave? She knew that once Daniel got to know her, he would run. Today it's a different room, and tomorrow it'll be a different state. It's better this way, thought Katherine. She would have to go back to Prairie, and his life was in New York.

Her heart felt so heavy. She didn't want him to leave. Opening the sliding door wall, Katherine stepped out on her balcony. She was alone. Just like she always ended up. Why should she go back to Prairie? Where did her responsibility end? If Uncle Andy chooses to jump off a bridge, do I follow him knowing how unsafe it is? He knows he shouldn't be going back to that situation but chooses to do it anyway. If I follow him, my life will be nothing. Katherine continued to struggle. She felt an obligation to take care of her uncle at all cost, but didn't want to bury her dreams.

Katherine went back inside and put on her warm coat. She smiled when she remembered all the packages that Daniel bought and wrapped for her. She crossed the street and walked up to the cardiac intensive care unit. She found her uncle sitting up in bed, reading the paper. It was time for the two of them to have a heart to heart talk.

"Hi, Uncle Andy." Katherine stepped up to the bed and kissed his cheek.

"Hey, Katherine, where's your partner in crime?"

"I wanted to talk to you alone." Katherine pulled up a chair and sat next to the bedside. She didn't know how to begin. Her fingers began to gently run through her curls.

"Okay, spit it out, sweet one." He knew when something was bothering his niece. She would pick at her fingernails or play with her curls. The last thing he wanted was to have her worrying about him. She always put herself last.

"Uncle Andy, I'm not sure if I can go back to Tennessee with you. I feel really bad about saying that."

"You thought you'd have to come back with me? You thought I'd actually let you?"

"Who's going to take care of you? How are you going to run the bar and get the building fixed? I have so much guilt." Katherine tried not to cry, but a small tear ran down her face.

Daniel knocked on Katherine's door for the fifth time and didn't get an answer, so he got the office to check on her. She wasn't in the room. He sprinted to the nearby restaurant and she wasn't there either. Finally, he took off to the hospital. Daniel had a feeling he'd find her there. When he got close to Andy's room, he heard two voices; Katherine's tearful voice and Andy's soft, comforting one. Daniel was surprised that the man could talk soft for any reason. He decided to stop and not enter the room. He didn't want to eavesdrop but he needed to know that Katherine was okay by herself. Daniel knew the man could get a little brass and pushy.

"Katherine, you don't have any reason to feel guilty. When you came to my house, shortly thereafter, your Aunt Patricia died. Even though you were young, just a little girl, you automatically assumed the role of caregiver. When I got pneumonia, you dropped out of college and came to take care of me. Now you want to do that again? I won't have it. Besides, I love the folks in Prairie. If we could get some good things to happen in that town, it would be a great place. I know there's not much left in Prairie, but it's still my home."

"Daniel has offered me the opportunity of a lifetime. But I feel I can't be happy unless you are."

Katherine let out a couple of soft crying sounds. It was breaking Daniel's heart, but he knew he couldn't interrupt; it wasn't his place.

"Katherine, you have gone your entire life trying to please everyone but yourself. You should be in love, happy, enjoying your youth. You have to give yourself permission to be happy. I know this Daniel guy really loves you. I could see it in his eyes when he was in here, and I could see it in his eyes when he was looking for you at the bar."

"Uncle Andy, we're just friends. Daniel needs to be with someone who has their act a little more together than I do. All I am is a burden."

"Do you love him, Katherine?"

"I really like him. He's not the type of guy I thought he was. He has a really good heart, and he's very kind to me."

"Do you love him?"

"The whole time I was gone, I felt torn. I ran from Prairie because of my own fears."

"Answer my question, Katherine."

"Yes, I love him. I've loved him for a long time. I just didn't want to let myself care about someone who would leave." Katherine looked at her uncle with her water-filled eyes. "I just wish he loved me. I think he cares about me, but he isn't in love."

"You go be with him, Katherine. That's what would make me happy."

"What if he doesn't want me? I would be devastated if he didn't feel the way I do."

"Daniel is a good man. You hold your beautiful chin up and stop fighting life. Don't waste time, Katherine, it's precious. Once it's gone, it doesn't come back. If you love someone you need to tell them. I have to get some rest so I can mend up and go home. Your home is in Daniel. So, Katherine, go home."

Daniel left the unit and ran out of the hospital as fast as he could. His heart was pounding, and the smile on his face was huge. No woman had ever said they loved him. He didn't give them the opportunity. Daniel didn't stick around long enough.

Katherine went into her room and took her clothes off to soak in the tub. She didn't even know which room Daniel was in. He could have left for all she knew. She doubted he was even concerned about it. She closed her eyes and let the tears blend in with the water that she wished she'd never have to get out of.

Daniel paced inside of his room. One thing he wasn't prepared for was Katherine's love. He felt like that was way beyond his reach. If she only knew how hard it was for him to get the room next door, especially when another couple was demanding the same room. But he had to stay close to her. That ended up being an expensive persuasion. He didn't care. Daniel was willing to move mountains for this woman.

Katherine climbed out of the tub and put on her yellow robe. It felt so soft and warm. She needed to get some fresh air and hopefully clear her head. If she was going to tell Daniel what was in her heart, she'd have to find the strength to endure the painful words she didn't want to hear. The sun had set, but there wasn't much of a breeze when she stepped outside and took a deep breath.

Daniel heard her open the door wall. He saw Katherine with her chin lifted and eyes closed, taking slow, deep breaths. Her curls were loosely pinned up, and upon her face was a small smile. But when she opened her eyes, the smile disappeared. He stepped out on his balcony.

Katherine turned to see who it was that had stepped outside. She became self-conscious about being in just a robe and nothing else.

"Daniel, I didn't realize you were in the room next door."

He had no words for her. He just lifted up his hand and made a slight 'come here' motion. Then she turned and went back in her room. She took off her robe and put her jeans back on and a beautiful green sweater that Daniel had given to her, and walked over to his room. She softly knocked. I can do this.

Daniel opened the door slowly and stepped back in the room. Katherine cautiously entered.

"Daniel, are you okay? May I come in?"

Daniel turned the light on next to the bed and sat down at the small table. He pulled a chair out for her.

"Daniel, are you sure you're okay?"

"No, I'm not okay. I want to talk to you."

"Look, if it's about coming with you to New York or about the money, I can pay-"

"Katherine, sit down please..."

Katherine sat down, never feeling so nervous in her life. She felt like a bomb was getting ready to be dropped on her life, once again.

"I want to tell you some things. I don't want to feel like I have to walk on egg shells for fear of you running. I don't want to do that anymore." Daniel's expression remained serious.

"Daniel, I don't feel like this is going to be a very good conversation. You have a business face on."

Daniel just stared at her.

"Okay, just say whatever's on your mind. I can take it." Katherine began to squirm.

"Are you sure about that?"

Katherine lifted up her chin. No matter what this man said, she was going to tell him how she felt. "Yes, I'm positive. But then it's my turn."

"Katherine, I love you. I'm in love with you, and I have been for so long. I've missed you, and when you left Prairie, I thought my chest was going to explode. My heart ached like it never has before. I had some growing up to do, and no one is more ashamed of the old Daniel Giordano than I am. I don't want to live alone. I haven't even thought of, nor been with another woman since-well don't count Emily. My heart has your name written on it, Katherine, and it will until the day I die. I can provide for you, I can give you a wonderful life. I'd like to settle down and have a family someday. Come to me please. Don't speak, just come over to me." Daniel reached out his hand and Katherine took it.

She was in complete shock. Daniel guided her to his lap and pulled her up close to him. Running his fingers up her back, he unpinned her hair and let it fall down around her shoulders. Putting his hand gently under her chin, he pulled her to his mouth and kissed her like his life depended on him proving his love and passion. A small moan escaped her mouth, and he caught it with his.

Daniel pulled away reluctantly. "Now what is it you needed to say?" He kissed her jawline and her neck.

"I love you too, Daniel. I don't want to run anymore. You're a wonderful man and I trust you. I have one more thing to say..."

"Tell me," said Daniel as he held her even closer. His heart was so full of love. This was a feeling he'd never experienced before.

Every single time that she'd made the decision to share herself with someone, she ended up feeling horrible in the end. She stopped trusting her judgment when it came to men a long time ago. But tonight, she felt no fear, no guilt, and had no second thoughts. Katherine stood up and slowly slid her sweater over her head and set it on the chair. Her small but firm breasts were facing him. She slowly unbuttoned her jeans and slid them to the floor. "Come to me please." Mimicking Daniel's words wasn't her plan. Stripping in front of him wasn't on her agenda either. But the passion that sparked inside Katherine was taking its own course.

Daniel stood, lifted her up in his arms, and gently placed her on the bed. He had, had sex many times, but he'd never made love to any woman.

He rolled Katherine onto her stomach as he slowly kissed up and down each leg with tenderness. He felt her quiver. Daniel took his time kissing up and down her back, then he let as much of his weight as he dared rest on top of her. He wanted her to feel what she was doing to him. Daniel chose to remain dressed, letting his hard member throb against the back of her thigh.

Moving her curls to the side, he softly kissed her neck and shoulder, whispering how much he loved her and how breathtaking she looked. He continued to kiss down her back and, little by little, removed her small panties, kissing every place they had touched. Her breathing quickened.

"Turn back over, Katherine, and watch me." She turned over onto her back and looked at this gorgeous man who stood at the foot of the bed. He unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it on the floor. Katherine saw the muscles, the tight stomach, and his excitement was clearly evident. Daniel took time undoing his belt and pants, and let them fall to the floor. He never felt this level of hunger and passion. He crawled back up towards the woman who had finally opened her heart to him, and briefly let his weight rest against her.

Lifting his strong upper body and resting on his elbows, Daniel was able to look down upon Katherine's beautiful face. Her expression was so full of obvious love and passion. Daniel needed her to feel his love, needed to make love to her mind, her body, and her heart.

"I'll never leave you, Katherine. I never want you in any other bed but mine or in anyone else's life. I want to wake up with you. I want you to always be with me."

"I will be, Daniel," Katherine whispered. She let her legs open when she felt the full pressure of his hard body against hers. She wanted to wrap him up with both her arms and legs, holding him close with everything she could.

Daniel moved his hips around, pushing and throbbing up against her wet folds, teasing her with the silk that remained between them. When he sat up between her legs, he looked down at his wet boxers. He had never felt so turned on in his life. He bent down and slowly licked up her inner thigh, then slid his hand under her beautiful butt and pulled her hips to his mouth. Her moisture, sweet taste, and scent, advanced his raging hunger. Her body shuttered in long spasms and she cried out. Daniel held her hips tighter as they rose up to press harder to his mouth.

"I want you," Katherine whispered, as she helped him lower his boxers.

Daniel took his time as he slid himself slightly inside of her and let her contract around him. He slowly moved until his hips were completely touching her. When Daniel felt Katherine's body tighten, he gently pulled out of her and massaged her sweet, small, sensitive peak with his hard member. Katherine climaxed hard, and it took everything Daniel had to go slow. But when she reached down, gently messaging her wetness into his hard shaft and guided him back inside of her, he knew he would lose all restraint. She moved her hips at her chosen rhythm, and he matched it. Daniel moaned loudly as he filled her with his passion, filled her with a promise. He had never felt closer to anyone in his life.

Daniel rolled onto his back, taking Katherine with him, letting her rest against his body. "I am so in love with you. You don't know how I dreamed of being able to tell you that."

"And I can't tell you how good it feels to hear it and really feel that it's true. I never felt that before. I never had this passion, this...gift. You are a gift to me." She gently kissed his lips and let herself melt into him. It wasn't long before his hand slid down to her bare bottom and pulled her tightly against him. Their love making would continue until the two glistening bodies collapsed into a wonderful sleep.

Chapter 15

Francesco went up to the stable and found Rosie brushing down the horses. "Sweetheart, I have to go back to Tennessee."

"Don't tell me there're more problems with Sam."

"No, that piece of trash will be in jail for a long time, Rosie, don't you worry. As you know, he confessed to his crimes. But the sale went through and I own the property. Are you sure you don't want it back in your name?"

"Francesco, you're so sweet, but there's nothing in that town for me. You do whatever you'd like to do with the house and the land. Hopefully, you'll find a good use for it."

"Well, I kind of have a plan..."

Daniel woke up with the biggest smile on his face. He couldn't believe that any of this was real. Katherine was lying with a leg over his, and her head was resting on his chest. She looked so beautiful to Daniel with her hair all messed up, especially knowing he did that. She began to awaken and before she even opened her eyes, she smiled.

"Good morning, beautiful." Daniel could definitely get used to this.

"You're still here! Last night was so perfect. I'm glad to open my eyes and see that it wasn't just a dream." As Katherine looked in his eyes, her stomach growled loudly.

"Here I am after you all the time about eating, and we didn't even leave the room."

"I'm hungry," laughed Katherine. "Would you like to take me to breakfast?"

"You don't have to ask me twice, m'lady." Daniel got up, pulled her to her feet, and then headed to the bathroom to turn on the shower.

He lovingly washed her back, her long hair, and after massaging her shoulders, Daniel turned her to face him. Katherine let her body rest against the wet wall as she pulled him close. He let his hands slide down her body so he could lift her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist, her back slid gently against the firm surface. His mouth held her pink nipples, and as they perked and hardened, so did his arousal. He pressed his body more firmly against her as his need grew to fill her with all of him. As Daniel kissed her shoulder and neck, he softly whispered, "I'm never going to do anything to lose you again."

Holding her up with one hand as he pressed his hips between the strong, slender legs that were wrapped around him, he held her face with the other while their eyes locked. Daniel watched her struggle to keep her eyes open, listened to the moans escape her mouth; the sweetest song he'd ever heard her sing. As they felt the warmth of their sweet release, they smiled. Daniel knew one thing for sure; he would never be able to get enough of Katherine O'Brian. His days of running were over.

After their shower, Katherine grabbed a towel and dried them both off. "Now I'm really hungry!"

"I'm pretty hungry myself. You sure do know how to make an appetite appear, and I'm not just talking about food." Daniel smiled and winked.

"Daniel, my clothes are in my room!"

"Sweetheart, this is your room. That one doesn't count anymore. I'll go get your things because I don't want you over there getting distracted and staying away from me longer than necessary."

Katherine gave Daniel a huge smile as she approached him with outstretched arms.

"Katherine, you know how much I love you, but if you come near me like that, with nothing on, we're not going anywhere." Daniel chuckled and went to gather her things.

The limo picked Francesco up in Nashville and drove him to the hospital. He had a lot to get accomplished today, and most of it would depend on his conversation with Andy O'Brian. Ever since the death of his wife Lillian, he tried to avoid hospitals at all costs, but this was something he had to do for the two most important people in his life. Francesco stopped at the nurse's station and obtained permission to see Mr. O'Brian.

"I think you have the wrong room," said Andy.

"Are you Andy O'Brian?" Francesco slowly approached the bed. He knew he had the correct room.

"Yes, but who are you? If you're here about the bar, I've already told the county that I'm working on fixing the place up. The repairs are expensive, so it's going to take some time."

"My name is Francesco Giordano, and yes, I'm here about your bar. But I'm not here to do anything other than offer you a business proposition." Francesco stretched his hand out and, after some suspicious looks from the patient, his handshake was accepted.

"What kind of business proposition? And are you related to Daniel? I believe he said his last name was Giordano, unless he's given me another fake name." Andy let out a chuckle, but he remained guarded.

Francesco pulled up a chair. "Do you mind if I sit down?"

"Help yourself."

"Andy, Daniel is my son and he's a very good man. He used the name of John Williams because of me. I changed his identity and forbid him to use the family name. He had to grow up and learn to make it on his own before I could give him Giordano Seas, my shipping business. He proved to me many things, and in the process he fell in love with your niece, Katherine."

"Oh, I'm well aware of their love, I just wish they'd hop to it. Daniel seems like a very fine young man."

"I understand that you feel the need to go back to Prairie and run your bar."

"Look, I know I'll probably lose the battle, but if my bar fails, the people in that town will just continue to slide downhill. The place ain't much, but it's a welcomed reprieve for people."

"Are you aware of Montoose Farm?"

"I know that a lowlife named Sam Montoose burned the barn down."

"Rosie owned it. I love her deeply, and there are many painful memories that are buried on that land for her. Albert Montoose, her late husband, wasn't a very good man. I now own the three hundred acres, and I've offered to hand it over to her but she doesn't want anything to do with it. I thought maybe you could help me with turning it into something great."

"Mr. Giordano, I can't run a three hundred acre farm."

"There is only one place in town where people can rent an apartment. A woman named Beatrice owns the small complex. It's not suitable for living, and she has the financial means to clean the place up, but she refuses to do so. And please, call me Francesco."

"What does that have to do with my bar?"

"I'm willing to build a very nice apartment complex there on the farm. I'd like to put in a pool and restaurant, and then rebuild your bar on that land. I'd like to move your business."

"Wait, you want to move my bar?"

"Yes, you'll still be the owner. The building will be bigger and brand new. I checked with the county and I have their permission to rezone, but the paperwork needs to be completed. I have my attorneys working on that, and I'm doing this with my Rosie's blessing. You'll have a nice apartment, and I'm willing to pay off any money or fines that are attached to your current business. I want to resurrect the barn and turn it into something nice. Perhaps a special dance place when a larger building is needed, for say, special events we could hold. I want to hold a meeting with the townspeople and find out what they'd like to see happen. The people in Prairie need to be involved. I'm not there to take over the town. I just want to help the people."

"How much is your take?"

"Andy, I don't need any money. My ideas originated from my son and our mutual love for Rosie. The only requests that I have are regarding the sign and a couple other things, which I'll get to. I want Montoose Farm removed, as Rosie and I are getting married. She won't have that last name anymore. But I'd like the name on the sign out front to read "Rosie's." That would be very healing for her. She needs to have new memories of that place so the old ones can stop haunting her. The bar can be called whatever you'd like."

"Most of the people in Prairie don't have the money to be renting a fancy apartment. I'm afraid it would just sit there empty."

"Andy, I'll insist that the rent on the apartments be a sliding scale, and I'll hire the staff to run everything. There are many people who owe me favors in the business world and I plan on involving as many of them as I can. I need to offer Beatrice a job and give her the opportunity to make money the honest way, not by taking advantage of people. It's not my mission to bring her harm, but I will be taking her customers. There can be a separate restaurant, and Rosie can design the menus if she's willing. She's a glorious cook! With three hundred acres we could turn the grounds into something really special."

"I don't think that's going to be good enough to get people to come back to Prairie." Andy wanted so badly to believe in these plans.

"We could hold art fairs, as I'm sure there's a lot of local talent. Rosie told me she sold some of her quilts in one, but it was located in Nashville. The art fair was her idea. Perhaps we could build more things and bring some attention back to Prairie." Francesco paused, cleared his throat, and continued. "Part of the property will stay as it is. There is a beautiful meadow that holds a special meaning for both Rosie and my son. That's to be left untouched."

"Francesco, you're talking about a lot of money. I am seriously in debt."

"No, you're not in debt. I'm prepared to take care of all your financial obligations, as well as any medical bills you accrue. I will pay off the bar, but I want the current building to be torn down."

"Wait, why are you doing this? You don't even know me."

"I know my son, and he loves your niece Katherine. That makes us family, and I take care of my own. In due time, the farm will take care of itself and you'll be making money. Until that time comes, I'll handle the costs. You have nothing to lose, and from what I understand, your bar isn't that far from the farm, so your regular customers shouldn't have a problem returning. If there's anything you want to add to the plans, by all means let me know. You can even have that kind of singing show..uh..like whatever you call it."

"Karaoke?" Andy laughed.

"Yes, that is the word."

"I want a list of some people who are interested in running businesses, and who deserve the help. I'd like to put in some specialty shops and boost the town. Maybe add a bakery and other things. Sounds good, no?" The old Italian spoke fast and with much enthusiasm.

"Francesco, I don't know what to say." Andy had never felt so humble in his life. This can't be real. Francesco Giordano is sounding like a politician.

"Just say you're in! I can't run anything, as I reside in New York. I'll pay you well until we can make the land lucrative. I have more money than I could ever spend, and I'm not getting any younger."

"Is your last name going to be on the town now? Are you planning on running for some kind of office?" Andy looked hard to try and find deceit in Francesco's eyes.

"My name is on my business. I'm doing this to help the people I love. That is the only reason. I will have many papers drawn up and involve the town, government officials, and wealthy businessmen. I'll make sure that my motives don't end up being tainted. I won't leave any room for someone to take advantage of your town."

Andy stared at the man for a long time. "I want to see all paperwork before anything gets started. The people couldn't handle any bad surprises."

"I will hire you and put it in writing that you have final approval. I promise you, Francesco Giordano hurts no one. I am an honest man. Hurting that town would mean hurting you, which would mean I'd hurt Katherine and my son. Rosie would fall out of love with me. I will never allow that to happen."

Andy stretched his hand out. "I'm in!"

"I'll be seeing you in Prairie, Andy."

The nurse came in with a lunch tray and sat it in front of Andy. He lifted the lid. "This stuff isn't even food!"

"Andy, you must understand that you have to be healthy in order to take on a business venture that will last for years to come. If you don't take care of yourself, there's no point in doing any of this. Katherine needs you." Francesco stood up, reached over and grasped Andy's hand again. "I'll talk to you soon. Enjoy your lunch and get strong. We have lots to do."

"Yes, Sir!" Andy watched as Francesco left the room. He hadn't been expecting much out of this life. Now, I'll have a new one!

Daniel was walking hand in hand with Katherine in the direction of the hospital. He stopped to answer his phone.

"Daniel!"

"Father, I'm so glad you called. I have so much to tell you." Daniel smiled at Katherine.

"Actually I'm in Prairie at the farm, and I have a lot to tell you also. But I wondered if you could fly back to New York with me. In five days the business will be yours, so we need to go to my office. Can you fly back with me?"

"Are you leaving now?" Daniel looked at the curious expression on Katherine's face.

"I'm driving back to Nashville and having a bite to eat first."

"Let me call you back in just a few minutes."

"Is something wrong?" Katherine asked when Daniel hung up the phone.

"Sweetheart, I have to go back to New York. Will you come with me? The final arrangements need to be made regarding Giordano Seas. I don't want to be away from you."

"Let me talk to my uncle, then we can go pack our things. I'm not going to live my life through other people anymore." Daniel bent down to taste her sweet lips. His smile was wide.

Katherine and Daniel walked into the hospital room and heard someone whistling.

"Uncle Andy! You're very happy today. I haven't heard you whistle like that since I was a little girl."

"Daniel, your father is amazing. He's a great man." Andy gave Katherine a big hug and shook Daniel's hand.

"Yes, he is indeed an amazing man. Did he call you?"

"No, my boy, he came to visit me. You won't believe what he's offered. Seriously, you're not going to believe this."

Daniel and Katherine sat down and listened to Andy recite the words from Francesco. The enormous love and respect that Daniel and Katherine felt for both men was evident.

"Uncle Andy, that's wonderful! Are you excited?"

"Katherine, it's been many years since I looked forward to the next day. Now, I'm actually looking forward to the next chapter of my life!"

"And I'm looking forward to mine. I want to ask you if you'd be okay if I left with Daniel to go to New York. He has some business he needs to take care of. You were right, Daniel's my home. Thank you."

"Oh?" Andy was clearly puzzled.

"You gave me the courage to open up my heart. I did, and Daniel and I are very happy together. So thank you!" Katherine embraced her uncle, whose coloring had greatly improved.

"Katherine, I don't need a babysitter in here, I have plenty of them. Go to New York, get married and start a family. I've already told you not to waste time with someone you love."

"Andy, did you want to come to New York and recuperate? We would really like to spend as much time with you as we can." Katherine noticed that Daniel was wearing his business face. She knew he meant what he said.

"I can't travel for a few weeks, but when I can I'd love to come and visit. But my home is in Prairie."

"I can live with that. Seems like you and Francesco have a lot of plans, and I'm very excited for you." Katherine squeezed Daniel's hand as she felt a huge burden get lifted from her shoulders.

"I'm not going to close the bar until the other one is opened. That will take some time, but at least the folks will have something to look forward to. Francesco is only hiring people in Prairie, unless the work projects become bigger. Daniel, your father has made me a very happy man."

"Andy, how about we have someone else do the work at the bar, that way you could just do some management. You also have to eat better, don't forget."

"Daniel, I'll look for someone but I can't right now. I don't have any money to pay them!" Andy let out a boisterous laugh, but Daniel didn't miss the shame on his face.

"No, I'll hire someone for you. Not unless you have a person in mind."

"There is a man named Gary Hitchingham. He's a local farmer who couldn't afford to keep his family fed. He works three minimum wage jobs to support his wife and four children. They barely scrape by. I'm afraid he wouldn't make much money working at the bar."

"He will indeed make money, and so will you. Give me his number and I'll offer him the job. You'll definitely live comfortably while we build up that land. Everyone in the Giordano family is taken care of. That includes you."

"I don't understand this, really. You and Katherine are only dating, and yet you and your father consider me family."

"Trust me, Andy. In our hearts, you're family. But Katherine and I have to get going. My father is waiting for us in Nashville. We'll call you soon to check on you, and if any problems arise or you aren't getting the attention you should be given in here, we'll be on our way back in a flash."

"Katherine, you need to marry this man. He has a good heart."

Daniel looked at Katherine's face as she blushed. That's exactly what he had in mind.

Chapter 16

When Francesco saw his son's face, the look in his eyes, he knew it was because of Katherine. Their love for each other was never hidden, and he was happy to finally see his son have his heart belong to someone.

When the jet took off, they discussed the plans for the land, and he even told them about his engagement to Rosie. They wanted to have a wedding on Christmas day because he felt like that would be the greatest gift to one another. They planned it for next year, and Rosie was excited to make her own dress. He asked Daniel to be his best man.

"Father, I'd be honored! I'm so happy for the both of you, and I absolutely love Rosie."

"So do I, Daniel, so do I. Katherine, I'm so happy you're coming back to New York with us. Remember that you have to make yourself at home. There are no strangers under my roof." He reached over and squeezed Katherine's hand.

Katherine couldn't help but feel the huge amount of love that was around, within, and for her. When the conversations had quieted down and Francesco closed his eyes, Katherine put the headphones on and chose a music selection. First, she started out humming as she closed her own eyes. Without even thinking about it, Katherine started to sing.

Francesco quickly opened his eyes in amazement. Daniel was falling in love even more. They listened to her gorgeous voice singing without music, at least none that they could hear, with complete perfection.

Francesco stared at his son. Daniel nodded and his smile widened. He looked at his father as he gladly accepted this beautiful nourishment for his soul.

"Canti come un angelo!!" Francesco exclaimed, much louder than he wanted to. He sat straight up and stared at Katherine with his eyes wide and mouth open.

Katherine stopped singing and removed the headphones. Daniel sighed heavily.

"I'm sorry, Francesco, I didn't hear you. Did I do something wrong? You two are staring at me." Katherine began to get uncomfortable. Maybe she did something outside of proper etiquette, but Daniel was very laid back. She didn't understand.

"My father said, 'You sing like an angel.' I could listen to you sing forever."

Katherine blushed and turned the music off. "I'm sorry, sometimes I sing and I don't even realize it. I didn't mean to wake you up, Francesco. I know you were trying to rest."

"Rest?! Katherine, your voice is incredible!"

"I owe Daniel only twelve more songs then!" Katherine laughed.

"I hired a recording studio called Blue Nights, in Manhattan. Someday I'd hoped to get her in there, but I know she's not going to go. I won't even bother to book a date." Daniel laughed and held Katherine close to him.

When the limo drove up to the estate, Katherine gasped. "You live here?"

"Well so do you, so don't say anything bad about us to the neighbors," said Daniel jokingly.

"The horses! They're here!" Katherine remembered them with fondness.

"Yes, this was a surprise for Rosie, from my father. You can visit them anytime you'd like. They're such sweet horses."

"I asked Rosie to marry me right there in that stable. I got down on one knee and surprised her with a ring."

"You got down on one knee?" Daniel was quite impressed.

"Well, I had a little bit of help from the post, but it was harder getting up. I'd do anything for her though." Francesco looked at the stable post and smiled. "Soon, it's your turn, Daniel. Don't waste time."

Katherine blushed while Daniel had a smile from ear to ear.

Carl arrived and opened the limo door. Francesco walked inside the house.

Daniel asked Carl which room Katherine would be staying in. He didn't want to overstep his bounds or cause any disrespect inside of his father's home.

"She's staying upstairs. Welcome, Katherine, follow me and I'll take you to your lovely room."

Katherine linked her arm in Carl's as he led her up the stairs. Daniel followed close behind. He was hoping that at least her room would be close to his.

"Here we are," said Carl as he opened the door to a very large, beautifully designed room.

The first thing that Daniel noticed was the white quilt that had little blue flowers sewn on it. "This is just like the quilt I had on my bed at Rosie's." Daniel walked over and ran his hand over the soft fabric.

"Yes, Daniel, Rosie made this quilt for you. She worked very hard and for long hours at a time."

"Katherine," began Daniel as he smiled at her, "you will love this quilt." She made something special to make Katherine feel at home. His love and respect for the older woman grew over the heartfelt gift that she'd made. "My room is about six doors down on the right, Katherine. If you'd like I'll show it to you."

"Daniel, this is your room too. Your father insisted."

Daniel stood there looking stunned for a moment, then thanked Carl. When he left, Daniel threw his arms around Katherine so excitedly, that her feet lifted from the ground. "I love you, Katherine, welcome home," he whispered, with his face buried in her neck.

After helping to unpack Katherine's things, Daniel led her downstairs by the hand and into Francesco's study.

"Francesco, I can't thank you enough," Katherine said. Her words just seemed to be stuck in her throat. She wanted to say more, but the last thing she wanted to do was to break down in front of this kind man. Everything that Francesco and Daniel had done for her and her uncle was overwhelming her.

"Katherine, you're family. My son loves you, therefore I love you. Rosie is on the way in from visiting the horses. She's really looking forward to seeing you both."

"And here I am!" Rosie walked in at the exact moment and threw her arms around Daniel. "I've missed you so much!"

"I've missed you too, Rosie. Father told me about the engagement! I couldn't be happier. I love you both so much."

"I always wanted a son like you. I can spoil you more frequently now, Daniel." Rosie winked and patted his face.

"Speaking of spoiled, that quilt you made...it's a replica of the one that was in my room on the farm."

"I knew you liked that quilt. When it burned in the fire, I had to make another one. It's just like the old one, only a little bit bigger."

"Rosie, thank you." Daniel kissed her cheek and wrapped his arms around her. "Do you know Katherine?"

"I've seen her uncle a few times, but I wasn't able to get out much. Nice to finally meet this special girl I've heard so much about." Rosie gave Katherine a nice hug.

"Likewise! I've heard such beautiful things about you, Rosie. Through Daniel, I feel like I already know you. You're one amazing woman." Katherine smiled, meaning every word she said.

"I imagine you two are simply starving." Rosie always had to make sure that bellies were full.

"Three..." Francesco laughed.

"Four," laughed Rosie as she headed off toward the kitchen. Rosie had grown on the chef and he treated her like an equal, even asking for her advice.

Francesco had made good on his promise, and all of Andy's bills were covered. The bar was paid for and no one bothered Andy anymore. Francesco had arranged for a limo to take him back to Prairie, and the bar had thrown a big welcome back party. Andy was deeply touched by his friends. Francesco wanted to allow Andy to inform his friends of all the new plans. They were well received, especially over prospects of new jobs.

Now that Daniel had taken over the company, Francesco had more free time to devote to both Rosie and Tennessee. He had formed a committee for the projects in Prairie and held monthly meetings so the townspeople could be directly involved. Francesco convinced every official in the state to help out and was even successful at getting other wealthy businessmen to pitch in.

Andy had already started his list of people to hire for positions. Francesco gave him full rein of that. The excitement in the small town was starting to bloom, and hope was returning to Prairie.

Daniel phoned Katherine the day after he took over Giordano Seas and said he'd be late and was tied up at the office. She hoped he wouldn't have to be late every night, but understood if he did.

Daniel left his office on the twenty-eighth floor and stopped at his secretary's desk.

"Are you on your way home, Mr. Giordano?"

"No, I have to be someplace. If Katherine should call, could you tell her I'm in a meeting? I need to pick her out a Christmas gift."

"What a lucky gal." Sylvia was fifty-nine and a romantic at heart. She smiled as Daniel headed for the elevator.

With a face full of excitement, he walked into the office of the top jeweler in New York.

"Here it is, Daniel, I finished the design last night. Is this what you wanted?"

"Marcus, you outdid yourself. This is exquisite. Katherine is going to love it. Is the engraving done?"

"Yes, and it's ready to go. Do you need me to wrap it?"

"No, I'll take care of it. You did great work, Marcus. Thank you so much."

Daniel climbed into his new pickup truck and drove home. He was hoping he'd be able to contain his smile until Christmas arrived.

Katherine sat on the side of the bed, staring down at her forty dollars she had left. What am I supposed to buy for forty dollars? This is horrible! She didn't have enough money to get anything for these sweet people, let alone her uncle. I have nothing to give to them. She cried a long time. When she heard Francesco's booming voice greeting Daniel, she fled for their huge adjoining bathroom and climbed in the shower. She didn't want him to see her tear-stained face. Even though she knew she wasn't under any obligation to give gifts, she wanted to do so, especially with all that she'd already received.

She always sang in the shower, so she knew she had to act normal. She lifted her voice and sang, trying not to let her voice crack with sorrow.

Daniel walked in the room and heard the sounds that he loved so much. He didn't want to interrupt her, and he was sure she'd stop if she knew he was listening. He sat in a chair and let the beautiful sounds flow through him. When he heard the shower turn off, he rose to his feet and walked to the bathroom.

"You should sing your words and never worry about talking. Honestly, it's the most beautiful sound I've ever heard. Your voice is such a treasure to me." Daniel wrapped her up in his arms and kissed her passionately.

Then it hit her. She'd have to get busy and be very sneaky, but she had the perfect plan.

Daniel got up at five the following morning, had breakfast with Rosie, and then left for work. Katherine was wide awake and waited until she saw him drive off the estate before throwing on her clothes. She fired up her laptop and searched for recording studios. Hopefully she'd find the one that Daniel had rented. Katherine was so excited when she recognized the name Blue Nights. She anxiously dialed the number.

"We're not officially open yet," said Warren.

"I have to have the CD for Christmas. Please! My boyfriend rented the studio but didn't book a date. His name's Daniel Giordano."

"Is your name Katherine O'Brian?"

"Yes. Daniel rented the studio for me."

"Well, why didn't you say so? Come on down if you can. I have a group coming in at three-thirty so I'll call and see if they want to reschedule. It's pretty slow this close to Christmas."

"Yes, I'll be there shortly. Thank you!"

Katherine pushed the button that would alert Carl that he was needed.

"Miss Katherine, good morning. Did you need my assistance?"

"Carl, can you keep a secret and help me?"

"Oh my...Is it dangerous?" Carl grinned.

"Only the traffic, I think."

"Do you need a driver?" Carl was feeling humored with the poor girl's desperate facial expressions.

"I need a driver to take me into Manhattan. It's for a Christmas gift, so everyone needs to keep quiet."

"I'll make sure the driver doesn't ever disclose his whereabouts. When do you wish to depart and then return?"

"I need to leave now, and I'm not sure when I can come back."

"Very well, gather your things and I'll have the driver pick you up at the side entrance. This way you won't have to go past Francesco's study."

"Carl, thank you so much!" She tip-toed and planted a kiss on Carl's cheek. The red glow and smile on his face spoke volumes.

Katherine knocked on the studio door. Warren unlocked it and let her inside.

"It's freezing out there, Katherine. I should have had the door unlocked. But this way we shouldn't get interrupted. Do you have a song list? I have plenty of music here."

"Yes, but I need to make four CD's. Is that okay? I don't need anything special, I just want my voice recorded."

"That's a lot of songs, but let me see your list and we can get started." Warren smiled and hoped that she sang as beautifully as Daniel Giordano claimed. If not, it was going to be one hell of a long day.

After getting Katherine in the booth and explaining some things to her, he asked about the order of songs and which CD she wanted to do first.

"I want to do Daniel's first. I didn't have much money of my own, so I thought if I sang him some love songs it would make a good gift."

"Wow, that's super sweet. There aren't many women like you these days. This'll be fun, Katherine, and I know it'll be quite a nice Christmas surprise." Warren walked outside of the recording room and found the first song.

When the music began, Katherine closed her eyes and pictured Daniel's beautiful face. She sang like she'd been recording for years. Warren was absolutely stunned. He made a quick phone call and told his producer friend Luis Thompson about the amazing singer.

"I have a goldmine in the studio. Her voice is like no other." Warren hung up and did his magic as he listened to this amazing woman. He'd never heard anyone sing with such passion. Every single word she sang was felt by him as the goose bumps rose on his flesh.

Katherine finished the recordings. She sang fourteen for Daniel, three for her uncle, Rosie, and Francesco, and three for Carl, because he was always so kind. She took plenty of breaks to let her voice recover and drank lots of water. At five in the evening she walked to the door.

"Thank you so much for your help, Warren. It was a pleasure to meet you."

"No, Katherine, listening to you sing was totally my pleasure. I have someone who really wants to meet you." Luis walked into the room and offered Katherine his hand.

"My name's Luis Thompson, Katherine. I was in the back listening to you singing. I'd like for you to consider something for me over the holidays."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know anyone else was in here." Her cheeks flushed.

"Don't be sorry, Katherine. Your voice is one that the whole world should hear. I would like to speak to you about a recording contract. I've been looking for a unique voice to sign and, thanks to you, I found it. I don't need an answer today, but here's my card. You can call me at your leisure and we'll set up an appointment. You are utterly amazing." Luis Thompson left the studio with a smile on his face.

"Katherine, this is the deal of a lifetime. You go home and research this man. You'll see what I mean."

"Thank you, Warren. My ride is here, and I have to get to the house before Daniel does."

She doesn't even know how good she is. Warren smiled as he watched her walk out the door.

Katherine didn't know what to think. Her hands were shaking as she held the four CD's. I hope these are good enough gifts. But she would continue to worry.

Katherine ran as fast as she could in the side door of the mansion. She had to find a hiding spot. She rang for Carl and asked him to bring up some tape. If she taped them to the back of the nightstand, Daniel would never find them. Before she did, she looked at the plain CD cases. Now what am I going to do? Katherine tossed and turned most of the night. Her mind was spinning. But after many hours, an idea struck. Satisfied with her new plan, she fell fast asleep.

Chapter 17

The next morning, Katherine waited until Daniel was gone, then summoned Carl.

"Carl, I need you to take a picture of me. I want to wear my beautiful blue coat and go down by the horses. Can you do that and not tell anyone?"

"Of course, but I'm not very good at taking pictures. I'm sure there's a camera around here someplace."

"Okay, you go look for the camera, and I'll try and make myself look pretty!"

"Katherine, you don't have to try." Carl smiled and closed the door.

An hour later, Carl knocked on Katherine's door. She opened it and stood in front of him.

"How do I look? Is this okay?"

Katherine's strawberry blonde hair was loose and flowed down her pretty baby blue coat. She was wearing just a hint of soft makeup, and her eyes looked so incredibly green.

"Katherine, if you were my daughter I'd never let you out of your room. You are simply the most beautiful young woman that I've ever seen. We should hurry up though; Rosie is in the shower and will tend to the horses soon."

"Okay let's go. Carl, thank you." Her slight blush made her even more breathtaking.

Katherine had the photos sent to a computer that Carl had taken her to. She was able to create a beautiful border and write on the covers. She trimmed them up with scissors, slipped them in the cases, and then carefully wrapped them up. This would be a Christmas she would either be very happy with her gift idea, or scared to death that maybe her voice wasn't good enough to be recorded. She didn't know which. But it was all she could give. She couldn't believe that she'd gone as far as to title Daniel's CD the way that she did.

What was I thinking? Maybe it's too soon. Maybe Daniel will be offended with my words. I can't believe I asked him to marry me on a CD case! If he doesn't say yes, I'm going to feel like a fool. I shouldn't have written titles on the cases.

On Christmas morning, Daniel thought he woke Katherine up, but she'd been lying there awake for hours. Her stomach was a wreck. Katherine's mind was swarming with second thoughts.

"Merry Christmas, my love." Daniel kissed her face. Today's the day! God, I hope she says yes...Maybe it's too soon for her though.

"Merry Christmas, sweetheart. You look so cute when you wake up on Christmas morning." Katherine kissed the tip of his nose, then climbed out of bed. She walked over to the dresser to pull some clothes out.

"No, no, no. On Christmas morning we all go downstairs to the tree in our pj's. None of us get dressed until after breakfast. It's tradition!"

"I love it!" Katherine put her clothes back up and grabbed a pair of pj's out of the drawer. They certainly couldn't go down there as they were.

"Come on, hot stuff, let's go on downstairs. My father is always the first one awake. He still gets up to turn on all the lights, and you'll soon see that he acts like a little kid on Christmas." Daniel laughed and thought of his father with love.

"Okay I'm all set to go. I just want to brush my hair real quick." Katherine went inside the bathroom and shut the door. She had hidden the wrapped CD's in the cabinet, underneath some towels. She slid them in her pocket.

Daniel was waiting by the door for her. He took her hand, discretely felt for the box in his robe pocket, and then led Katherine down the steps.

Rosie had made the coffee, and she greeted them with just as much excitement as Francesco did when they came down the stairs. The tree was so elegantly decorated and huge. Francesco had soft carols playing, and a toy train was circling underneath the tree. There were lots of lights everywhere.

"Merry Christmas, my family!" Francesco's voice boomed loudly. "Sit down, my sweet Rosie. I have something for you."

Rosie sat down on the sofa and patted the cushion for Daniel and Katherine to come sit beside her. Francesco handed her a beautifully wrapped present.

"Francesco, this is so elegantly wrapped." She slowly took off the paper, trying not to tear it. She opened the hinged case and saw a breathtaking sapphire and diamond necklace with matching earrings. Rosie sucked in her breath. "Francesco..."

"Rosie, I have something else for you too!" Francesco reached under the tree and picked up an envelope with a bow on it. He handed it to Rosie.

She opened the envelope carefully and pulled out its contents. "Francesco, I don't understand."

"Rosie, that's our itinerary for Paris. I thought you'd enjoy going to France with me. I want to show you the world and this is the best place to start!"

"Francesco! This will be so exciting! But you spent way too much money on me..."

"You are the light of my life, my sweetness. I'm allowed to spoil you as much as I want."

Rosie threw her arms around Francesco and held him a moment before bending down and picking up two boxes for him.

Daniel had to smile, as Francesco had the biggest grin. He did indeed resemble a little boy. He wasn't as slow and careful at unwrapping his presents. Rosie had knitted him a navy blue pullover sweater that looked professionally made. She had also given him two pairs of blue jeans. In the second box was a pair of sneakers.

"Rosie! I don't have things like this! I'm going to put this sweater on right now!" Francesco did just that. He also took off his slippers and put the sneakers on. Everything fit perfectly. Daniel smiled at his father as he stood there in bright white sneakers, the new knitted sweater, and black silk pajama bottoms.

Daniel stood up and walked to the tree. He pulled out a couple of boxes for his father and handed them to him. Inside were two flannel shirts and a nice camera.

"Oh, Daniel, thank you!"

"You're welcome, Father. I can show you how to work the camera this afternoon. He stood up and took Rosie by the hand. "There's something I want to show you." Daniel held her hand and led her to a room down on the main floor that had been kept locked. He slowly opened the door to reveal a beautiful sewing machine, a nice work table, and everything she'd need to do craft projects.

"Daniel! Oh my God..."

"I did it for selfish reasons too. Now you can make many quilts and be comfortable doing so."

Rosie walked around the room and touched her new machine and the beautiful oak work station. The walls had rows of thread, yarn, and everything else she'd need. Tears slid down her face. Daniel hugged her again and wiped the tears off her cheeks.

"Daniel, thank you."

"You're more than welcome. You're going to be my mother soon so you better get used to being spoiled." Daniel winked and kissed her cheek.

"Being a mother to you will be my honor."

Rosie walked around in the room for a bit longer as Daniel, Francesco, and Katherine watched her. After softly wiping her eyes, she went next to Francesco and held his hand.

"Francesco and I have something special for the both of you."

"Yes, children, come outside." Francesco was grinning and could barely contain his excitement.

He let Rosie lead him and Katherine out the door. She looked back over her shoulder and nodded at Carl. He smiled, then turned to leave.

She instructed Daniel and Katherine to close their eyes and then led them out the front door. "Are you two ready?"

"Yes, but it's chilly out here!" Daniel laughed. It really wasn't too bitter and there wasn't a wind. After being told to close their eyes again, she led them around the side of the house to the barn.

Rosie and Francesco were both holding back excitement. She walked them over to the fence.

"Okay, open your eyes!"

"Merry Christmas! The solid black horse is for you, Daniel. She's five years old and her name is Lola. Katherine, the one with the white star is yours. She's seven, and her name is Clementine. There are saddles in the barn and we've arranged for riding lessons for the both of you. I'll teach you how to take care of them."

"You guys got me a horse!" Daniel was absolutely elated.

"I've wanted a horse since I was a little girl!" Katherine was beside herself.

Daniel and Katherine hadn't even noticed that they'd been standing outside for an hour in the cold.

"Can we ride them?" asked an excited Katherine.

Daniel, having never ridden a horse before, just stared.

"Kids, let's get back inside. I'm old!" Francesco laughed and hugged them both as they headed back in the house.

They gathered around the Christmas tree, and just when Katherine was getting ready to give her gifts, she was stopped. Daniel looked at her beautiful face and gently lifted her chin with his hand. He kissed her softly on her forehead, then her lips.

"Katherine, I love you beyond words. I have no doubt in my mind that you're the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. Your Uncle Andy was right when he said we shouldn't waste time with the one we love. I know what it was like not to have you, and I never want to experience that again. The day you opened your heart up to me was the happiest day of my life." Daniel stood up, smiled at Katherine, then got down on one knee. He pulled the box out of his pocket and opened it up. It was a beautiful three carat diamond with a special golden band, which Daniel had worked with the jeweler to design. It had two gold strands woven together that wrapped around the beautiful band, to represent each other. Daniel slid the ring on her finger. "Katherine, will you marry me?"

Katherine couldn't speak for a moment. She just sobbed and didn't even think about who was there. "Daniel, there is no one else for me. Yes, I would be honored to marry you!"

He lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it. He smiled at the ring's perfect fit. Daniel wanted to wait and let her find the engraving on her own. The cheers from Rosie and Francesco made the moment a true celebration. After lots of hugs and kisses, she knew her turn had come.

"I'll admit that there wasn't any way I could afford to match any of the gifts you all have given to me. Daniel, this is for you." She handed Daniel the wrapped box. Inside was a CD case with a picture of her standing in between Daisy and Patches.

Daniel's breath caught in his throat. He read the title, smiled, and looked into her eyes. "Yes, Katherine, I will marry you." He carefully opened up the case and, with a huge smile on his face, walked over to the sound system. He knew she had purchased him a collection of love songs and probably spent her last dime on the CD. He put the disc in and turned it on. He certainly didn't expect to hear Katherine's sweet voice flow through the room. She sang for me. Daniel closed his eyes when they threatened to spill over with emotion. He slowly walked over to Katherine, held her close to him, and danced with her through the entire song. Francesco and Rosie, caught up in the beautiful moment, stood up to dance too.

"Do you like it?" Katherine whispered in Daniel's ear.

"Besides you, this is the best gift I've ever received. You will have my heart forever, Katherine."

When the song ended, she turned off the CD and then handed a package to Rosie and Francesco. She picked out two beautiful songs for them from Italy, and two from the south. All were love songs, as a tribute to them both. Then she pushed the button and in walked Carl. She handed him a package. He looked puzzled, as Francesco had celebrated Christmas with the staff two days ago. He opened it and saw the beautiful young lady on the front. The CD was titled "For All You Do," and she sang three songs from Broadway productions that he'd mentioned he liked.

"Thank you so much, Miss Katherine." Carl stood there with the biggest smile. Finally she gave him a kiss on the cheek and wished him Merry Christmas.

"Rosie, look at this!" Francesco turned the CD case to face her. "For My Family."

"Katherine! You can call us that anytime!" Rosie chimed.

Francesco was speechless. His wide smile spoke a thousand words.

After breakfast was over, Daniel led Katherine up the stairs. "You sang for me." He put his arms around her and held her close to him. He never would have believed, in a million years, that he'd be this loved and happy. This was the best Christmas of his life.

Andy had called in the afternoon to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and to thank Katherine for the beautiful songs. She'd made him a collection of Irish classics that he loved and express mailed it.

The bar was planning another large celebration with good food and friends. Andy thanked Francesco for all the specialties that were catered in from Nashville. They were getting ready to sit down in a few minutes. Everything looked and smelled delicious, he'd said. Andy informed Katherine and Francesco that he was feeling much better, and then proceeded to talk nonstop about Maryann, the new woman who just moved into town. She was a year younger than him and was 'a real knockout.'

This made Katherine very happy. "Remember what you told me. Don't waste time! Daniel and I are engaged and couldn't be happier. Merry Christmas, Uncle Andy. I miss you."

For the next week, Katherine couldn't walk anywhere in the mansion without hearing herself sing. On New Year's, she approached Daniel with a business card.

"Do you know who this is?"

Daniel stared at the card. "Yes, he's a big music producer."

"He introduced himself to me at the studio. I didn't know he was in there listening. He wants to sign me."

"Are you serious?" Daniel's eyes grew large.

"I don't think I should do this though."

"Katherine, you could be famous, love. Why wouldn't you want to jump on this offer?"

"I can make you as many CD's as you'd like. But I know what I want to do for the rest of my life."

"You get to start school in the spring. It'll be so exciting!"

"Daniel, you came to Tennessee because you needed to change some things. I too was running. I want to be a wife and I want to be a mom. I would love to design and sew a dress for our daughter. I would love to learn to make quilts with Rosie. Maybe later I would like to go back, but the reason I went to school in the first place was to get out of Prairie, and I knew it would make me more money than minimum wage. Everything that I ever believed in or didn't believe has changed. There's more to Katherine O'Brian than what I even knew existed. I just want to learn as much as I can about myself."

"I'm perfectly content with any decision you make. I wouldn't complain one bit if you just wanted to stay home."

"You wouldn't mind if I didn't have a career or a job?"

"Katherine, just like Rosie, your money isn't any good here. All I want to do is spoil you and make you as happy as I can. You can take all the time you want to make decisions for yourself. When you're a mom, that'll be the most important and impressive job you'll ever have."

"I can take all the time that I want to set a date for the wedding?"

"No!" Daniel said playfully. "Your input means everything, of course, but I want to be married in the spring."

"It's my favorite time of year. Remember the first time you held me? It was in the meadow on the farm. You ran around and picked me flowers. I still have them in a scrap book."

"Katherine, would you be willing to marry me in the meadow? You have no idea how many times I was drawn to that place because of you."

"I would love that, Daniel. I only have one concern though. I know that you and your father know a lot of people, but I wouldn't mind having a small, intimate ceremony."

"Katherine, I look at you and wonder how did I get so lucky?" Daniel kissed her tenderly.

"You're okay with nothing fancy?"

"Katherine, the only guests we need are my father, Rosie, and your uncle."

Katherine took Daniel's phone out of his pocket and opened the calendar. "How about April the fifteenth? That's a Saturday, so maybe you won't have to work."

"Like I would put something in front of marrying you..."

Katherine sealed it with a kiss and even put a reminder on his phone. Daniel saw it and laughed.

Near the end of March, Francesco, Rosie, Daniel, and Katherine boarded the jet to fly to Prairie. Francesco was doing last minute confirmations with officials and finishing up the agenda. He and Andy were hosting the first public meeting to hear opinions, ideas, and concerns from the people in Prairie.

Rosie would be going to the farm for the first time since leaving. She didn't know how she would handle it, but now she had a good reason to go back.

The first stop was the meadow. Katherine and Daniel walked around, each holding one of Rosie's hands, until they found the perfect spot. They would be surrounded by the beautiful rolling hills, wildflowers, and clean air. Daniel had called the week prior and had the barn remnants removed. He didn't want Rosie to see that.

Rosie stared at her house, but she had no desire to enter it. It felt foreign to her, tainted. The only time there was love under that roof was the first year of her marriage to Albert and for the entire duration that Daniel was with her. She let her eyes wander over to the land where the crops used to grow, and the worn path that her horses had walked. She tried to make herself feel numb, but the pain wouldn't completely escape her. It was another life, a wasted life. Rosie saw the house and land as her prison.

Daniel came up behind her and wrapped his arms around this little older woman. "You know, Rosie, we're all family now. Don't be sad at the memories here. They made you the strong woman that you are. Look upon this land as the beginning of your life. You taught me so much, and you gave me unconditional love, respect, and your trust. We had some fond memories here, Rosie. Both of our new lives started on this farm. If it wasn't for you I wouldn't have pursued finding Katherine. If it wasn't for me, you'd have never met my father. We were brought together for a reason. Our new beginnings happened here. So smile upon this day and hang onto the memories that started it all."

"Thank you, Daniel. Your words just removed a truckload of pain. And you're right. It's time for new memories. I can't run from my past, but I can enjoy the walk to my future with your father, you, and Katherine. Just imagine, I always wanted children, and now I have a son and a daughter. You mean the world to me, Daniel, you always will."

Chapter 18

The ceremony was simple and intimate. Katherine had worn a beautiful white dress that Rosie made. It was layered in lace and flowed so elegantly in the soft breeze. She smiled at her new family as she was escorted through the field by her uncle. Daniel was unable to take his eyes off of his perfect bride. The flowers and their fresh scent surrounded them, the sun warmed their faces. When he was told he could kiss his bride, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled his beautiful wife toward him. The memories of their first kiss, in this same meadow, didn't escape either one of them. There wasn't a dry eye amongst them. It was the proudest day of Francesco's life.

Katherine had always dreamed of going to Hawaii, so Daniel booked them in a beautiful suite that had their own terrace and a perfect view of the ocean.

"Sweetheart," began Daniel as they walked along the beach at sunset, "I feel like I should thank you every single day of my life."

"Daniel, I should do the same. I'm so in love with you."

"I love you, Mrs. Katherine Giordano. Thank you for loving me, for marrying me, for being the piece that I'd been missing."

Daniel removed her ring and asked her to marry him again.

She smiled and said "Yes!"

"Now, let's go see about taking off that sexy white bikini."

"Since you brought it up..." Katherine smiled seductively and led Daniel towards their room.

Katherine had worked hard on designing Rosie's wedding gown. The two women kept themselves locked up in the craft room while they worked, and the men weren't allowed inside. Katherine's dress had to be altered twice due to her growing belly.

Francesco and Rosie were married in the mansion. Her gown, made of cream-colored satin with matching lace, fit her perfectly. When Francesco saw her walking slowly down the stairs to become his wife, a big lump rose in his throat.

They honeymooned in the Virgin Islands. Rosie didn't have any concerns about being away from the horses. Daniel and Katherine had become quite proficient at caring for them.

The groundbreaking ceremony took place at the end of May. Rosie was the one whose face was in the paper, along with Andy, who plunged the shovel in the ground where Rosie's house once stood. She was happy that Francesco had followed her desire to have it destroyed. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't rid herself of the bad memories that the house reminded her of.

Most of the town had shown up at the farm; it was a much anticipated event. The huge celebration was attended by many people, including news crews.

Francesco and Andy had hired all the local men and women that they could, then reached out to the surrounding counties. Francesco was happy that more and more businesses were reaching out to the small community. Some companies donated machinery, money, and supplies.

Katherine and Rosie met with some of the local women who had voiced concerns regarding daycare. Affordable facilities to watch their children weren't in abundance, let alone close by. After bringing these concerns to Francesco, he decided that a temporary daycare would be put up to assist the families, so the workers wouldn't have that added expense and worry. The women would take turns running the facility, and Francesco had hired two childcare professionals to help organize it.

At one of the public meetings, Rosie ran into an old friend named Emma Shelding. She used to run the local restaurant in town called The Happy Rooster. People couldn't afford to eat out much, so slowly but surely, Emma had to close her doors. Rosie learned that Emma had wanted to open up a bakery. As quickly as she could, Rosie informed Francesco, who met with Emma that same day.

The following week, Emma and Francesco sat down with the builder to help design the kitchen. Emma was even asked to name the bakery herself. She wanted to call it "Sweet Prairie."

"Emma, that's a perfect name! But you better learn how to make a good cannoli." Francesco laughed and tried to make some jokes when he saw Emma's eyes water.

Three years later, most of the new businesses were open, some new ones were being planned, and the morale in the small town had lifted. Rosie smiled as the sign was hung that bared her name, where the restaurant would be built.

Andy was in his glory with his new bar. His new love, Maryann, a petite blonde from Kentucky, was just as taken with Andy.

The large barn that was erected attracted lots of visitors who attended the craft shows that were held once a month, as well as barn dances and livestock auctions. Some people even rented the barn for private functions. Things got so busy that Andy had to hire someone just to plan and handle the barn events.

Francesco had one of the empty buildings converted into a pharmacy so people wouldn't have to travel so far if they were sick. With the governor's encouragement, a family physician contacted Francesco about opening up a practice. The other empty building was quickly put on the top of the list.

The farms were filling up with more livestock, and people had renewed pride in Prairie. Several people who held jobs in the small, but prosperous town moved into the apartments.

Beatrice agreed to fix up her block of apartments and convert the building into an economy motel. Francesco helped with some of the cost. People traveled good distances to attend many of the functions in the new barn, and some of the workers traveled from neighboring areas for building projects. Beatrice was making a steady income and was even thinking about putting in a pool.

Daniel helped Katherine out of the limo, then took a hold of their two year old's hand. Little Frankie looked so much like his father did when he was a toddler. He instantly became excited when he saw his grandparents and ran to them with outstretched arms.

"Daniel, I feel like I'm going to pop," Katherine said as she rubbed her large belly.

"Hun, you have another three weeks to go. I love this farm but please don't go into labor here!" Daniel laughed, but in the back of his mind he hoped it didn't happen.

"Don't worry, I won't go into labor. I feel like I'm going to be pregnant for another year. I can't wait to tie my own shoes again." Katherine walked over to the bar to visit her uncle.

"Katherine! You look like you're going to burst!" Andy rubbed her stomach.

"Thanks for the compliment," laughed Katherine. "What time am I singing?"

"We're starting at eight. People are so excited to hear you sing."

"Okay, that gives me about an hour to put my feet up."

"You should get as much rest as you can and take care of yourself. That's what I'm doing!" Andy had decided it was time to take better care of his health, and Maryann wasn't going to have it any other way. He ate right, and they went on walks together. Katherine had never seen her uncle look so good, so happy and calm. He'd taken off the extra pounds, and Rosie had made sure there were healthy menu choices at the restaurant that was due to open in the fall.

At eight on the dot, Andy approached the microphone and welcomed Katherine back to Prairie. "I know all of you have been missing Katherine. Are you ready to hear her sing?" The crowd went wild. Francesco and Rosie watched Frankie. Daniel made sure he had a front row seat.

"I'm kind of nervous, Daniel. I haven't sung in front of people in a very long time."

"Sweetheart, you're going to do great. Just get up there and do what you do so well." Daniel couldn't wait for her to begin.

Katherine started to walk toward the microphone. Her nerves were getting the best of her. She kept fidgeting with her ring, slipping it on and off until it fell to the floor. Feeling embarrassed, she bent to pick it up, but her uncle scooped it off the ground for her and set it on her open palm. That's when she noticed the writing. She held it up to the light and read the two words, "Thank You." She slid the ring back on her finger and looked into Daniel's eyes. He watched her read the engraving and smiled with love.

"I dedicate this first song to my wonderful husband Daniel, whom I love with all my heart. He rescued me in so many ways, gave me all of his love, a beautiful son, and a child on the way. Thank you." She blew him a kiss, stared right into his eyes, and sang to him with every ounce of her soul.

Giordano Seas was flourishing, and so was Francesco's pride for his son. Katherine and Daniel had agreed to live at the mansion, and baby Lillian Rose Giordano's cries often filled the rooms. Her dark curls and pouty mouth melted everyone. The pristine mansion was converted into a home full of evidence that children lived there. Toys were scattered around, and an occasional drawing on the wall by Frankie could be spotted. Francesco was a very doting grandfather, and Rosie made sure the children never cried for too long. Daniel fell more in love with his family each and every day, which gave Francesco another reason to have so much pride for his son.

On a clear day in July, Francesco Giordano glared at his son from across the large mahogany desk. Daniel could tell that his father's blood vessels were ready to pop any second. His father, dressed in a red t-shirt with "World's Greatest Grandpa" written on the front, and blue jeans, just didn't look very intimidating.

"Daniel, you have to get a new car! That truck is old!"

Daniel smiled at his father and shook his head.

