Chapter 1

Owning an art gallery was never on the list of accomplishments that Amanda Perkins had for her life, or her career. That had been her mother's dream, and her mother was brilliant at it with her fine eye for art, and creative abilities. Yet, after her mom had lost her fight with breast cancer Amanda found that she'd inherited the Melinda Perkins Fine Art Gallery, and all that came with running such a business.

Another day was nearing an end, and quite frankly, Amanda was exhausted. The temptations of the active New York City night life were easy for her to resist in lieu of a good story and a glass of wine by the time her work day came to an end. She knew that she should consider selling the gallery to someone who was more passionate about art than her, but every time someone offered to buy it she'd find a reason to back out of it. That gallery represented the life of her mother, and was the last connection she had to her since her death. If she sold it she'd have to truly acknowledge that she was all alone in this world, and really would have to pursue the dreams that she'd put on the backburner, including an actual social life that involved dating, and perhaps finding the one.

As Amanda finished picking up her office she heard the buzzer of the front door of the gallery. She rolled her eyes, hoping that it would not be a customer who wanted to have a detailed discussion about anything, or share their perspectives on every piece of art in the gallery.

"Mandi, where are you?" A voice called out, and she breathed a sigh of relief. It was Sophia, her best friend and by far one of the most energetic people she'd ever known in her life. She was non-stop.

"Sophia, how's it going? I haven't seen you for at least a month. It's great to see you." Mandi went up and hugged her best friend and ex-college roommate. She looked impeccable as always, perfectly coiffed blonde hair that accented her lovely face, petite frame, and sparkling blue eyes.

"I am here to take you out to my charity auction tonight. It's to benefit the children's hospital, and I know you'll have a blast."

"Really?" Mandi asked. She tossed around the debate between kicking back in her lounging clothes, and getting dressed up to go to an event. One thing was for certain, any event that Sophia threw together was never casual. It was extravagant and most likely black tie too.

"You need to get out and live a little. This is the perfect event for you. There are going to be some gorgeous available men there, including Sergio and some of his friends."

That caught Mandi's attention. Sophia's brother Sergio was one of those guys who were so good looking that it made you become way too easily distracted. Sophia's brother or not, he was hot. He exuded a dark sensuality and intensity that made him mysterious still yet a familiarity and ease that made him approachable. His mannerisms and cocky charm had always brought out quite the combination of emotions in Mandi when she was still in college and had first met him. At times she thought he was like the dream guy, the one who lived an exciting life and could take her out of her shell, and she welcomed the thought. Then there were the times when Mandi would suddenly feel like being in a relationship with such a dynamic person would be overwhelming, and it would be impossible to do anything without drawing lots of attention. Of course, these were all thoughts that Mandi kept hidden in her mind because she'd never be so bold as to assume that she'd have a chance with Sergio. He was about five years older than her, and really had his choice of just about any woman out there. Besides having one of the hottest bodies and gorgeous faces she'd seen, he was brilliant and smart, a self-made young billionaire in a world of high-fashion and glamour. Why would he choose her? And then, of course, there was the fact that Sergio was her best friend's brother. Well, it was still a nice fantasy. A girl can dream, can't she?

"We have one hour to get you ready, Mandi," Sophia continued, not noticing that she hadn't responded to her last statement. "Let's go."

Five minutes later, the gallery was locked up and Mandi was sitting in the passenger seat of Sophia's new Beamer convertible, and they were making their way to Mandi's loft. The ride was enjoyable, and it was still early enough that the traffic was fairly light, considering how busy 5th Avenue was most all the time.

"Where's the benefit at?"

"At The Glass Houses, and let me tell you-it looks phenomenal. The committee really busted their tails to help me out."

Mandi smiled. Sophia didn't hold anything back, and leave it to her to pull off booking such an in demand place at the last minute. I guess that was a perk that came with being ultra-wealthy, not to mention ultra-persuasive.

Sophia and Mandi went into her loft. For Mandi, it was one of her most favorite places. She'd been able to buy it with the inheritance from her mother, and work on it over time. Naturally she already had the source of artwork for decorating it covered through the gallery, but she'd also enjoyed putting it all together to represent her a little more. Despite her not having a big social life, Mandi had a colorful and vibrant personality, one that drew attention even when she wasn't trying to. It showed in the modern eclectic elements of her loft, and she felt very relaxed whenever she was at home.

"Okay, let's go look in my closet and see if I have anything to wear to your big gala, Sophia. It may be challenging."

"Give me a break. You look gorgeous in anything, and one thing I know for certain is that you have fantastic taste with the things you buy. I'm sure you'll have something."

"On second thought, why don't you go look through the closet while I freshen up, and do something with this hair. Mandi held out the end of her French ponytail, which she'd worn that day. Her dark hair showed its smooth perfection, not even having one dry or split end on it.

"Sounds good."

Within a very short period of time, Sophia was standing outside the bathroom and holding up an outfit that she thought would be perfect. "Try this."

Mandi looked. The dress was among the skimpiest that Mandi owned and was more dressed up than anything she'd worn in about a year when she'd gone to the New Year's Eve party that Sophia's parents had hosted. "Okay. Give me ten."

True to her word, Mandi came out ten minutes later a transformed person. Her hair was now hanging down with loose curls in the end, and a beautiful barrette loosely pulling it back out of her face. That was something Mandi usually did when she was going out because she had a nervous habit of tucking her hair behind her ears on occasion. Her light make-up made her bright green eyes look stunning, almost mesmerizing too. She was the picture of class, sophistication, and approachability all wrapped up in one beautiful package.

"Ooh la la," Sophia said, whistling at Mandi. She was wearing a black form fitting dress with a slight flair just above the knees. The neckline was plunging and showed her very attractive curves, and long legs off nicely. "Oh my gosh, those gold heels are the perfect accent. You look fantastic, and you'll be perfect if one of my bachelor's doesn't show up."

"What are you talking about?" Mandi asked, not liking the premise of Sophia's question.

"Well, the gala is to raise money for children, and we are doing that by having a bachelor auction. They're all boys from the Bad Boys Billionaire Bachelors Club, thanks to Sergio agreeing to help me out. It would be great to have one bachelorette in there if it was necessary, and you definitely fit that bill. You are stunning, and I know that you'd draw a great price."

"And let me guess...you are the one who will be doing the describing of the goods up for auction."

"Who else could describe you and the others better than me? There is a professional auctioneer for the actual bidding though-just for a bit of fun."

"I sure hope that guy shows up," Mandi commented. The thought of standing up there in front of everyone and getting auctioned off was slightly overwhelming. It would be fun to watch the guys though, and who knows, maybe she'd even bid on one. After all, this was all for children.

"You'll be just fine either way. Now let's go. It wouldn't be very good if the hostess was late, would it?"

"Definitely not. By the way, Sophia, are there going to be any guys there who you are interested in?"

"Maybe," Sophia replied, winking mischievously. "That's probably a battle best served for a different day. It'll be a busy night."

Mandi smiled at her friend. She was so casual and assured that she would eventually find the one-that guy that finally clicked with her, and she could create a future with. She was inspiring, and gave all girls hope that love would always prosper in the end.

Chapter 2

The first person to greet Mandi and Sophia when they entered the ballroom was Sergio. Mandi tried not to act too obvious, but she was immediately drawn to how gorgeous and sophisticated he looked. His black Armani tux, black bowtie, and sapphire studded cufflinks and studs sparkled in the glimmering light, and were only offset by an amazing smile that definitely showed he was still a heartbreaker. He was better looking than she'd recalled since seeing him last a few years ago, more sophisticated and intense.

"Mandi, it's so great to see you," Sergio said, leaning in to hug her, making Mandi instantly tingle from the feel of his muscular physique.

"And I'm so glad to see you. You're looking very dapper, Sergio. You should bring a good price at Sophia's latest fundraising efforts."

"You're too kind, Mandi."

There was a brief pause when Mandi and Sergio looked at each other appreciatively. Sergio couldn't believe how much Mandi had matured, and had transformed from a pretty college girl to a stunning sexy woman. She was gorgeous with that thick shining long hair that he can imagine grabbing a handful of, green eyes that can captivate any man, smooth kissable skin, and lips luscious enough to suck on. Mandi was definitely a woman he wanted to explore a little more. The only problem was, she was Sophia's best friend, whom he practically knew since she was a young freshman in college. Boy has she grown up!

Despite how gorgeous she was, Sergio could tell in an instant that she wasn't like other women who knew they were sexy and smart. She didn't have an angle, and everything she did was from the heart.

Mandi, on the other hand, thought Sergio was possibly the most handsome man she'd ever seen. Unlike Sophia, Sergio had black hair that was slightly wavy and fell just to his shoulders, and the most entrancing amber colored eyes that looked mysterious yet dangerous at the same time. His build was all muscle, and you could just sense how each one rippled when he did even a simple motion like raising his arm. Not to mention from having known him a while through Sophia, Sergio was smart, wildly successful, and had so much infectious energy about him. He always had a strong presence about him. She also realized that he was a very well noted playboy, and she'd have to be careful not to fall into that trap even if certain parts of her were ready to throw caution into the wind.

Sophia looked from Sergio to Mandi and smiled. Did she see something there? She was very perceptive, and suspected that she did. Interesting. "Well, if you two will excuse me, I have to go make sure everything is set for the auction, and that all my bachelor's are here."

"Are all of the guys in the auction from your club?" Mandi asked Sergio. She was trying to start some small talk, and get over the tingling sensation she had from standing next to him.

"Yes, all the guys were glad to be a part of this event. Sophia made a rather irresistible offer, and something like this is, well...fun."

"If I were you I'd be so nervous. The thought of being up there makes me cringe. I can just imagine me standing there and the room immediately falls silent, and then stays that way." Mandi laughed and found herself wanting to tuck her hair behind her ear, but she couldn't because of the barrette.

Sergio smiled, oddly attracted to the way Mandi discredited herself. There was nothing about her, at least from what Sergio could see, that wasn't alluring. He said, "That would be impossible. Trust me; I've seen some very appreciative looks delivered your way. I'd consider bidding on you."

"That's good to know," Mandi laughed. Sweet Heavens. He'd bid on me.

For the next ten minutes or so Mandi and Sergio talked casually, with his friends coming up for introductions on occasion. They discussed the gallery, Sergio's businesses, and a wide variety of other things. Mandi really enjoyed hearing about Sergio's work because she found it interesting, and really enjoyed business in general. That was what her degree was in, and she looked forward to eventually going into it as a career instead of the gallery when the time was right. She was particularly interested in marketing, and corporate identity strategies. It was the perfect blend of her creative side and natural business mind.

"Okay, exciting news," Sophia interrupted.

"What?" Mandi asked.

"You are going to be in the auction after all."

"Why, didn't the one guy show up?"

"He did, but I think it would be very fun to see you and Sergio go head to head in the auction. It'd be interesting to see who draws the largest response. Gorgeous gallery girl versus prominent play boy."

"That doesn't sound like much of a challenge for Sergio," Mandi rebutted.

"It sounds like a most intriguing challenge," Sergio added. "I look forward to battling with the brunette beauty of the art world."

"I knew you would," Sophia said to Sergio. "In five minutes I need you both in the back room for instructions. Sergio, you're going to be second to last now. Mandi is going to be the last one. I wish you could be the one bidding wildly on her, but one of the rules is that that my bachelor's cannot do bidding."

"Let me guess...I'm to be immediately enamored by the lovely young lady who chooses me," Sergio teased.

"Don't forget, there are plenty of exciting older ladies here too, not just young ones."

"Fantastic."

"Yup, I've been seeing the elderly Mrs. Finnigan eyeing you up for quite a spell now. As for Mandi, she's been the subject of inspection by quite a few eyes thus far, including all your buds in the BBBBC." Sophia looked at Mandi, a hidden joke behind her smile. The BBBBC was Sophia's term for Sergio's gentleman club with his friends...generally young men who happened to be the most eligible bachelors in the world. Handsome, successful, bachelors, and billionaires. Sophia casually refer to the group as the Bad Boys Billionaire Bachelors Club or the BBBBC, as women in the know knew them to be. Bad boys - because all the members were notorious for dating beautiful women in droves, breaking hearts, and being bad in one way or another. No choir boy in this group. Billionaires - because they were - either self-made with a drive as insatiable as their sex drive, or inherited or soon-to-be inherited. Bachelors because they were happily unattached, living a lifestyle where it was more gratifying being a confirmed bachelor. Club - because it was as exclusive members only as it can get. Leave it to Sophia to not miss out on a single thing.

As fast as she showed up Sophia was gone again, leaving Mandi wondering what she'd just agreed to. It was an absolutely crazy idea, and she couldn't even begin to process what it would feel like being up on that stage with a spotlight on her, waiting to find out who was all going to bid on her.

"I think I'd better go get a quick bite to eat," Mandi said. Her stomach was growling and that was the last thing she wanted to have happen to her up on stage.

"Well, I'll see you back stage then. Let the battle begin." Sergio smiled and touched her elbow gently.

"I look forward to it," Mandi said. She made her way to the appetizers and found a few that looked like a good choice to hold her over. A few people came over to her to make small talk; including one guy that was not all too smooth in his approach to showing Mandi that he thought she was a very attractive woman. She smiled, nodding politely, but kept hoping that he would not be the winning bid on her that evening when he found out she was a part of the auction. Anyone but him. She was open to anyone really, but when it came down to it, she really wished Sergio could bid on her. Why couldn't it be Sergio though?

Chapter 3

Mandi observed Sergio get up on to stage as she stood in the back room, waiting for her turn. She was so nervous, but it was quickly put aside because it was fascinating watching Sergio go out there.

He was so charming and confident, not looking like he had a care in the world. Mandi wondered how he did that, and then answered her own question. He was obviously used to the spotlight and lots of adoring attention from women.

As a rather lively bidding war for Sergio continued to go on, Mandi took notice of one woman in particular who seemed determined to bid on him. She was absolutely striking, with rich auburn hair and lively green eyes. Mandi couldn't help but be curious about who she was.

Sophia was standing next to the auctioneer as they were getting the room to bid higher and higher. Mandi caught her looking over at her with a concerned look on her face and she quickly motioned for her to come over, and she walked into the shadows just off the stage.

"Who is that bidding on Sergio?"

"Oh her," Sophia answered, rolling her eyes. "That's his ex, Olivia. She completely cheated on him, and broke his heart. She's a gold digger with no class."

"Apparently she's gotten some gold though," Mandi commented. "She is rather aggressive with her bidding."

"Yah, she knows she goofed up bad. Sergio had to break up with her when he found out she'd cheated with one of his friends from the BBBBC."

"That's horrible."

"Yah, he wouldn't admit it, but he was pretty devastated. Needless to say, the sight of Olivia annoys me, and I don't even know how she found out about this."

"Is the guy she cheated with here?"

"No. He was definitely not invited. Sergio told me to forget about it, but I'd rather hold a grudge-especially since I don't like her."

"You've always been protective of Sergio. I know that if I had a sibling I'd probably be protective of them too," Mandi said. She crossed her arms, looking out at Olivia. The woman was shooting darts with her eyes at every one who dared bid against her. Sophia noticed it too.

"Hey Mandi, I have a brilliant idea."

"Oh oh, your brilliant ideas usually border on terrifying."

"Not this one. I'll let you out of your bachelorette auction duties if you go out there and bid on Sergio. Don't stop until you beat that auburn haired vixen."

"Sophia, I can't do that. The bidding is already higher than what I even have in my checking account."

"Trust me, don't worry. You'll be covered."

"And how is that?"

Sophia looked at Mandi and smiled brightly. "Andre."

"Andre? I don't follow."

"Andre owes Sergio big time for helping bail him out of a horrific blind date a few months back. Plus, he's told me that he's really worried about Sergio having some fun. He's so focused on business, and all the acquisitions his ambitious self has taken on are really starting to take their toll on him."

"The play boy has retired?" Mandi asked, laughing.

"And how. He won't even go play a round of golf anymore unless it's tied to a business deal." Sophie spotted Andre in the distance. "I'll be right back, Mandi. Get your butt out there and start bidding. Don't hold back. I'll let Andre in on what he's doing."

"And you're sure he'll be game?"

"I am sure. I have a certain persuasive charm to me. Or at least people tell me I do." Sophia looked at Mandi innocently, batting her eyelashes.

"Yes, you do." If there was one thing that Mandi had learned it was that Sophia was used to getting her way. It was a good thing that she had a big genuine heart to go with those big blue eyes and bright white smile.

Mandi started to make her way to the bidding floor, ready to help Sergio out. She felt surprisingly nervous about it. What if he took it the wrong way? She'd be so embarrassed because she certainly didn't want to look like a desperate twit who'd do anything to go on a date with one of the most eligible bachelors in New York City, maybe internationally.

As she moved to a spot where it'd be easier to bid Mandi noticed Sophia talking with Andre. She couldn't help but observe Sophia's mannerisms, and knew enough about her to see that she was definitely interested in Andre as more than the savior to her brother's current dilemma.

Just like Sophia, Andre also had blonde hair and bright blue eyes. His long eyelashes and casual waves in his hair made him look like a California guy who'd be spending his days surfing on the beach, and his night's hanging out by a campfire. Yet that really wasn't the case. Like the other BBBBC's, he was a dedicated and focused career guy who also had a flair for living it up. Mandi knew that Andre was just Sophia's type, and she hoped it would work out. Sophia deserved a great guy who wasn't intimidated by her vibrant personality.

Sophia and Andre turned around and both waved to Mandi. She waved back, and smiled with the thumbs up.

Mandi mumbled under her breath. "It's show time, I guess."

The auctioneer announced the latest bit in the quest to have a date with Sergio. It was $48,000.00, and the thought of spending that much money on a date-even for charity-made Mandi gulp. That was a lot of money.

"$49,000.00," Mandi called out.

Everyone turned to see who the newest bidder was in the battle for a date with Sergio, including Olivia. Mandi was pretty sure that she saw a look of annoyance in her eyes. The woman didn't like competition, and frankly, Mandi thought she was probably used to not having much of it.

Olivia upped Mandi's bid, and the bidding war had begun. No one was more surprised, or intrigued about it than Sergio himself. He had a feeling that his sister had something to do with Mandi's sudden desire to bid, but he didn't care. It was most fascinating, and his mind drifted to thoughts of what it would be like to know Mandi on a more intimate level. He liked a woman who was not afraid to take charge, and from the looks of it, Mandi was taking full charge of winning him.

Chapter 4

Sergio couldn't believe what was unfolding before his eyes, and he didn't mind admitting that he really was enjoying it. Olivia was so used to getting her way and she didn't know how to handle anything that disrupted her plans and goals. Seeing Mandi suddenly start bidding and catching her off guard was delightful, and yes...a bit of a nice feeling, kind of like a little bit of revenge for how she'd manipulated him when they were involved. There couldn't be a more beautiful and intimidating woman in the room to go head to head with Olivia. It was a definite turn-on, and Sergio hoped that Mandi would win.

Sergio looked at Mandi and smiled. It was easy to see her lovely smile even in the dimly lit room. She knew how to command a presence, and he was looking at someone he'd never really noticed before.

What a difference a couple of years or so could make. That was about how long it had been since Sergio had seen Mandi, and she had definitely matured. She was no longer the happy go lucky person he'd used to see at his house all the time. He'd always thought she was beautiful, fun, and very interesting, but she was definitely off limits. Guys didn't go after their younger sister's best friends-that was not acceptable, and there were always other eligible women around to enjoy without going there.

Another thing that Sergio was very aware of was that he hadn't seen Mandi ever since her mother passed away. She's grown so serious and focused, seemingly loosing that happiness and joy that used to light up a room. Yet, in this moment as she was going head to head with Olivia, Sergio noticed a bit of that returning. Mandi's mannerisms and gestures showed that she had the spirit of competition in her, and that she didn't hesitate to pursue something once she set her mind to it. What an interesting thought that he might actually be what she was pursuing. What would he do? Was Mandi the one that would make him consider entering into a relationship again, and moving on with his personal life?

Sophia had been dropping hints to Sergio about if he had any available friends that would be a good fit for Mandi, and not some jerk that would cause her pain, and he'd never really answered her. Why would someone as gorgeous and perfect as Mandi need to be set up on a date? He didn't like the idea of Mandi dating around. Somehow the thought made him seeing red. Beside, being a matchmaker was not something he had interest in, or time to do. Life was too busy without adding the emotional journey of dating into the mix. He'd never mentioned himself because the time didn't seem right, and he didn't want to feel like he was being forced into a relationship. Things of that nature developed in their own time, and in their own way if they were meant to be.

Olivia's voice calling out a bid caused Sergio's gaze to turn to her. It irked him and disturbed him a bit that he still had such strong emotional responses to her. Part of him wanted to forgive her and go back to a relationship that he thought was good and possibly even heading toward marriage. A feat, especially since he was happy being a bachelor. And then there was the other part of him and that part of him hoped she'd just disappear so he wouldn't have to see her or be tempted by her again. She'd unraveled him but good, and he wanted to move on. He really did, but that kept getting put on the back burner in lieu of business deals and empire building. Business he got. Women, now that was a different story.

With Mandi's latest bit of $60,000.00 she showed her determination to win when she set her mind to it. Aside from loving the competition, Mandi's determination sparked a desire in Sergio and it was rather surprising to him. He suddenly wanted to see her happy and smiling, not worrying about whatever concerns she had going on her life. Mandi reminded him of what Olivia was like when she was younger, and it was fascinating. Her spirited passion and lack of hesitation to make smarmy faces at Olivia, and show her that she didn't rule the roost was absolutely enchanting. He wanted to see more.

At that moment, Sergio knew that he wanted something more for Mandi, and he knew that all the money in the world would not deliver it. He needed to offer more if he really wanted to see that. If he helped her it would be by giving of himself, not his checkbook, and he'd have to show he had a genuine heart and purpose. Although she was grown and composed, Mandi seemed to wear her heart on her sleeve, and you could just see it in her fiery green eyes that when she got consumed by passion or a desire for something she did not hesitate.

Now the question Sergio needed to ask himself was if he could be the man to do that for Mandi? It was risky, but it was worth a try. One thing that Sergio could trust was his instincts.

It looked like the opportunity Sergio hoped for was about to come because without warning, Olivia shouted out she conceded and stormed off in a huff. A group of willing comforters followed her around, ready to help sooth her wounded pride in any way she demanded.

As Sergio turned toward Mandi he saw the smile of a woman who enjoyed the thrill of victory. How interesting that he was the prize. Mandi may have won the auction, but Sergio had a feeling that he was the true winner in this situation and he couldn't wait to see what it brought.

Chapter 5

Mandi couldn't believe how amazing it felt to win that auction. She tried to tell herself that it was in honor of Sophia and how protective she was of Sergio, but deep down Mandi knew that some time with Sergio was something that she wanted to explore, and she welcomed it. She'd always had a bit of a crush on him when he was younger, but now she saw a mature man, a reliable man in front of her. Okay, a gorgeous reliable and sexy-as-hell man.

In all the chaos of the auction and getting wrapped up in beating that Olivia at her own game, Mandi didn't even take the time to find out what the date would actually be. She was fairly confident that any date with Sergio would be memorable, enchanting, and highly tempting to stray from any cautions that may exist in regards to physical boundaries. It had been easy to avoid that in the past due to a lack of serious relationships or dating opportunities.

Sophia stood up on stage, and thanked everyone for participating in the auction for such a good cause and proudly stated that they'd earned $325,000.00 for the children's hospital ward. It was indeed a successful evening.

Mandi listened to her friend, noticing that Sergio was talking to Andre in the distance. She suddenly felt nervous because she saw them glance at her. What were they saying and talking about? Her legs suddenly felt wobbly, like they couldn't support her in her sexy insanely high gold heels. Wow...this night had really turned out to be something different than what she'd thought it would be.

Suddenly Mandi realized that Sophia was talking about her up on stage. She said, "Our final person in the auction, Miss Mandi Jenkins, will no longer be participating since she is on her way to a great date with my brother, Sergio." Mandi turned beat red as she heard groans from some guys in the crowd. If she could have moved she would have left the room, but she seemed to be frozen in place. Was it embarrassment, or the fact that Sophia's words solidified that she was actually going to be going on a date with Sergio. She glanced at Sergio again, and couldn't help but admit that he looked absolutely scrumptious, and being seen by his side as a date would be a thrill.

Sophia walked up to Mandi smiling brightly. She couldn't have looked happier, or more proud of herself. Mandi smiled back, and asked what the date was going to be.

"It's much more than a date, Mandi. You and Sergio are going to be heading to Rome, Italy for a week. It's a combination of business and pleasure, but I am confident you'll find a way to bring out more of the pleasure side of Sergio than he's shown in quite some time." Mandi couldn't believe it. She'd always longed to go to Rome, and thought of how her mother had always wanted to go too, but had fallen sick on the year her dream was finally supposed to be realized.

"When would we leave?"

"Tomorrow," Sophia said.

Mandi's heart sank immediately. She knew that she couldn't take off and leave the gallery for a week, especially on such short notice. It was a business with one employee, and that meant that her options were limited-very limited. Plus, she hadn't really won or paid for that prize, just helped out Sophia and Andre. It was disheartening because it was another opportunity that was blown because of her profound discipline for the priorities in her life.

"Oh Sophia, I'm sorry. I can't go. There's no one to run the gallery."

"That's nonsense, Mandi."

Mandi knew that when Sophia was determined she'd stop at nothing, but even Sophia was out of her league with finding someone trustworthy to run the gallery for a week. "I just don't see how it's possible on such notice, Sophia. I'm sorry."

The disappointment in Mandi's voice couldn't be hidden. She should have asked what the date was first, and the entire situation would have been avoided. Sure, Sergio would have had to go on vacation with Olivia, but if anyone could handle themselves, it was him. What had inspired her to think she needed to save Sergio from anything? Okay, that answer was easy-it was Sophia and her persuasive ways. You didn't take much persuading. Admit it that you want more...physically if anything.

Mandi looked over to Sergio, and she felt a slight pang in her heart for him. She just didn't understand how someone could be so heartless to a great guy like Sergio. She knew everyone made mistakes, but didn't think that people like Olivia knew how lucky they were to find that special person-the one that would care for them. It was something that her and Sophia longed for, and had spent many a night talking about while they were in college and even now that they'd graduated and entered into their careers.

Sophia broke the silence that came with Mandi's thoughts on the situation. "Your problems are solved. I am going to watch the gallery for you, and ask Andre to help me. It'll do you good, and it'll be good for the gallery."

"Really?" Mandi asked. "Good for the gallery or good for you to spend some time with Andre?"

"Both," Sophia said.

"When did you get into Andre, out of curiosity?"

"It just sort of happened and I am clueless as to why," Sophia said, raising her hands up in surrender. "It really doesn't matter though. You're not going to ruin this chance for me are you?"

"Well, if there's anyone I can trust with the gallery, it's you," Mandi said.

"And Andre is actually very knowledgeable in fine art. Maybe he can make you some sales, or even buy a few pieces for his family's estate house up north."

"I think he's done enough by funding my date. It seems like an awfully big repayment for some assistance with a lousy blind date though."

Sophia gave a guilty look, and admitted that there was more. She went on to tell Mandi how Sergio had been working so hard that he was withdrawing from his friends, and not interested in having any fun whatsoever. The guys were worried about him, especially how he had withdrawn since the whole breakup with Olivia, and could see that he needed to relax a little bit and have some fun. Mandi suddenly realized that there were certain things that money and charm couldn't provide, and she couldn't agree more with Sophia and Andre's assessment of Sergio having some fun. Despite being a very dedicated type A personality when it came to business she knew full well that nothing in life was worth it if you didn't take time to enjoy it. She'd been enjoying life too little as of late herself.

Mandi thought about her mom again, and was surprised how much thoughts of her had entered into her mind tonight. Her mom had always wanted her to be happier more than anything else, and had wished for her to find an amazing and grounded man to sweep her off her feet. Yes, her mother was a romantic, and she had every right to be. Mandi's father had been that sort of man himself, and had only been taken away due to a car accident. At the time, Mandi was only two and now the only memory she had of her father came from the pictures that her mother kept so tidily in an album that she'd created just for Mandi.

Not even realizing that Mandi had drifted off to other thoughts, Sophia kept talking. "Andre and I are going to do wonders with the studio. Oh look...here he comes with Sergio."

That caught Mandi's attention. She looked up and saw Sergio was about two steps away and that Andre was right behind him. She was impressed with his confident stride and glad that he'd come over because she was very overwhelmed at the moment.

"Are you all set to go on a grand adventure tomorrow, Mandi?" Sergio asked.

"Thanks to Sophia and Andre. They're going to watch the gallery when we go."

"Are they now," Sergio commented, looking at his sister and friend. Mandi saw his look, and could tell he'd had the same speculation she'd had about the two.

"Well, the only work event that I must tend to while in Rome is a 50th anniversary party for the company's Rome division. Hopefully you won't mind being my date."

"I don't think I'll mind at all. In fact, I'm looking forward to it." Mandi couldn't believe it. She knew that press followed Sergio around everywhere, and wondered if they would be pictured together in the paper. That would be crazy. Yes, Mandi was in the papers frequently with gallery events, but a date with a highly eligible BBBBC in Rome was completely different territory. She'd better prepare herself for this journey because it'd likely be a very interesting one.

"Well, my driver and I will be at your place at 5:00 tomorrow evening. If it is possible, can I get your passport information tonight for the ticket and customs?"

"I hadn't even thought about that. Can they do that on such short notice?"

"For me they can," Sergio commented. He laughed softly, but the words he said were true. Sergio operated in a league that got things done on their time and that others bent over backward to ensure their demands were met. "Well, I must get going and tend to a little business before leaving tomorrow. So, until tomorrow, Mandi," Sergio said. He grabbed her hand and she felt an instant flutter in her stomach. Then he turned to Sophia, and gave her a hug goodbye.

Mandi couldn't help but watch Sergio walk away, and what he was looking at instantly annoyed her. She saw him looking in Olivia's direction with an odd look on his face. She was surrounded by men, and laughing gaily and flirting away. Mandi was sure she was putting on a show, knowing that Sergio was looking at her. The real question Mandi had was why Sergio was looking at her? If he'd wanted to be with her he should have let her win the auction, or taken her back already.

As Mandi turned her eyes away she reminded herself to be careful. It was never good to open your heart to the possibilities of a relationship with a guy whose heart still belonged to someone else. She was so confused, wondering if an answer would come before it was too late-for her heart anyways.

Chapter 6

Once Mandi was back at home that evening her head was spinning as she thought about the auction and what had happened that night. What a surprise! In just a few hours another mundane evening with nothing particularly exciting about it had turned into the single most exciting event in her life that she could recall at the moment. She was going to Rome with Sergio for a week. Yes, there was some business, but it sounded like Sergio was also due for some fun. Since Mandi was too it would be a good opportunity to get to know Sergio better, and see what type of chemistry they had. The chemistry in Mandi's lusty dreams and fantasies had always been great so hopefully...

Deciding what to pack for a week in Rome may be challenging enough, but for Mandi it was a very tough decision. Did she pack super sexy clothes and show that she was expecting, well hoping, for some passionate sex with the man she had been fantasizing about since college? Or should she pack more cautiously and look like she couldn't care less about spending a week with the hottest guy she knew?

It was a tough call, and in the end balance won out. Mandi packed some fun and lively sundresses that she hadn't worn much. They were colorful, vibrant, flirty, and should be practical. She decided on her hot pink bikini, and just in case things got more adventurous she also threw in her black thong bikini.

The Leon family villa just outside of Rome was said to be spectacular and Sophia had always talked about how amazing the zero gravity pool was there, almost looking like it fell into the Atlantic Ocean that it overlooked. The finishing touches to the wardrobe would be a few pairs of jeans and some fun sandals, along with t-shirts that accented her ample breasts and cleavage nicely. As for undergarments, they had always been Mandi's weakness and she didn't hesitate to pack the sexiest ones she could find. There was something about how sexy lingerie could make a woman confident even on a day where she may not be feeling that way. It was her guilty pleasure, and one that she usually got to experience alone.

Mandi also decided to throw in a sketch pad and pencils just in case she was inspired to draw. Her talents were average at best, especially compared to her mother's, but she knew that her mom would have probably filled that sketch book with the beautiful sights of Rome. She could at least do one thing. When she was done packing, Mandi looked through her suitcase and realized that she had definitely packed with some expectations in mind, and she wanted them to be met.

The next day at the gallery seemed to last forever, and Mandi's excitement was building up as the day progressed. Sophia and Andre had stopped by to get a quick run-down on the basics of the gallery and assured Mandi that they'd be there to open it up the next morning on time, and take great care of it. Although the gallery wasn't Mandi's passion she wanted to be a good business owner, and admitted that Sophia and Andre could probably run the gallery as good as she could.

Just as 5 p.m. rolled around a sleek shiny silver Jaguar XKR-S coupe pulled up, and Mandi's jaw dropped. The car was definitely as sexy as its driver, and she waved through the glass window of the gallery to Sergio as he came to the door. Oh my gosh, did he look hot. He had on jeans that hugged his hips and a fitted grey v-neck tee that showed every muscle that he obviously worked diligently at keeping in shape. His hair hung down loose, and framed his chiseled jaw. He was nothing short of model material.

Without skipping a beat Sergio came right up to Mandi and pulled her to him in a tight hug where every inch of his hard body pressed closed to hers, whispering in her ear, "I've been thinking about this trip all day, and how beautiful you looked last night. You've certainly grown into a sexy minx of a woman, haven't you? You had every man's attention in that room. And today it gets even better because we're headed off to Rome for the week."

Mandi's heart was racing and she could barely respond. He was talking about how she looked and all she could think about was how amazing he smelled and felt as he embraced her. Every place where their bodies touched was tingling, as well as a few other spots. Realizing that she'd grown so easily distracted by his touch suddenly put Mandi on alert, and she wondered why she was suddenly so self-conscious. It got worse when Sergio took a step back and looked her up and down, not bothering to hide that he had a certain amount of lust in his eyes. Suddenly the short mini skirt and clinging silky blouse seemed a bit too obvious, as his eyes drank her in appreciatively.

It was definitely in Mandi's best interests to change the subject. "You are in a great mood. You must have had a very productive day."

"Indeed I did, as I do every day," he said matter-of-factly. Sergio looked around the gallery briefly, and then asked, "Where's your bags?"

"Right over there," Mandi pointed, showing the Louis Vuitton suitcase by the door. It was small, but held everything she needed for her adventure. It had been inherited from her mom too, which meant a part of her mom was going to Rome and that was a good thing like a good luck charm.

Sergio didn't bother to hide the surprised look on his face about only having one bag for a week in Rome. "This is it, nothing else, Mandi?"

"It holds more than you'd think," Mandi said, not bothering to hide her annoyance by the comment. What concern of Sergio's was it that she was a light packer?

"I just want to make sure that I was clear. This is going to be an event-filled week, and part of the reason I agreed to help Sophia out was because I needed a date for the factory's fiftieth anniversary party. It's a huge deal to the local community and the factory workers, which means I have to present my best. It's a very traditional affair designed to show them how much they are appreciated. I just need to make sure it's special for them." Sergio looked at Mandi and stopped talking immediately. He could see anger flashing in her eyes, and that was no way to start the week in Rome off.

Mandi didn't want to lose her temper with Sergio right now, even though it seemed like it would make her feel better. Who did he think he was? Just because he was a billionaire didn't mean that he could cast certain expectations on her like he was a reprimanding father. She took a deep breath and chose her words cautiously. "I apologize, Sergio. Maybe I can repack, and find a fancier dress for the occasion than what I've picked."

"We don't have time to do that now, Mandi. Once we're in Rome one of my assistants can find something that's suitable for you to wear and really makes you stand out like you did last night."

Realizing that Sergio was all business at the moment and not the playful flirt just a minute ago was discouraging, making her want to change her mind and stay back in New York. A week in Rome watching a workaholic conduct business didn't sound all that adventurous or exciting to her. "Sergio, I'm perfectly capable of picking out my own clothes and have fashion sense enough to choose something good for your factory's big celebration. Besides, it seems like you'll be busy working a lot on this trip and that'll give me something to do."

Sergio was instantly embarrassed by Mandi's statement and he realized that his direct manner had happened to offend the girl he was just saying he wanted to protect the night before. Damn, that was not what he wanted to come off as. Why did he sounded so abrupt and business-like? Had he truly become such a workaholic that he couldn't turn it off, even in the most private and personal moments? Damn, he needed a vacation. Damn, he needed someone to help him forget about all the stress he had to deal with...Olivia used to do that for him. Fun with a single-minded purpose of having him fuck her brains out, Olivia's sex drive and persistent need for sex was enough to take his mind off work. That was the problem with her, though, when she couldn't get sex from him, or when he worked too many hours; she found a way to satisfy her cravings...with his friends, apparently. Now if only he could forget Olivia and try to have fun, if only for a week with sweet and non-pretentious Mandi. With a body like hers, and a face like that, it wouldn't be hard to imagine the possibilities of being distracted by her.

"I'm sorry, Mandi. I just wasn't thinking clearly. I have my mind on business, and I know that for you this trip isn't about business. It's about experiencing Rome and having some fun. I truly am sorry about that and will make some efforts to turn off my business switch a bit more. Deal?"

Mandi smiled, instantly forgiving Sergio and being ready to move forward. If there was one thing she knew is how challenging it could be to switch gears when you were a focused person. "Deal. Now let's get this business pleasure adventure started, shall we?" Mandi gestured for the front door, and Sergio went and picked up her bag to take it out to the car.

Chapter 7

While Sergio put the bag into the trunk of his Jag, Mandi locked the gallery door. By the time she was done he was back holding his arm out for her to take. He guided her over to the passenger side door and opened it up, helping guide her into the low riding plush leather seat that was meant for her. He couldn't help but think that there'd never been anyone quite so appealing and provocative in that seat before.

Mandi's sleek sexy body and long legs looked smooth and silky, making Sergio long to touch them even if it was an "accidental" brush. Her mini skirt was as short as it could be without revealing too much and Sergio wondered exactly what type of lingerie she wore under that skirt. She was dressed to tease and the silk blouse that she wore on top clung in all the right spots, accenting her ample breasts and flat stomach.

Sergio felt himself starting to get hard as he imagined what it would be like to tear open that blouse and suck on her breasts, while hiking up her skirt to caress her soft folds with his twitching fingers. He was used to having sex on a regular basis, but since being cuckold by Olivia, he had placed his needs aside, while focusing his drive into his work. Now he felt the similar but more intense arousal go through him as he reached across Mandi's breasts to buckle her in. It was like white hot electricity shooting through him as he tried not to brush against her succulent mounds, already visibly erect underneath her paper thin bra and blouse.

The night before had been rather interesting for Sergio. Seeing Mandi as a grown and matured woman had thrown him off guard. The dress she wore was stunning, elegant, yet sexy enough to get him to see her in an entirely new light other than his sister's best friend, but as a woman he'd like to sexually explore. It apparently had the same effect on the rest of his BBBBC friends. Everyone there was interested in having Mandi that night and no one bothered to hide their desire to bid on a date with her and win. Olivia's attempts to bid on Sergio with Benjamin's money had actually ended up working brilliantly because it instantly angered Sophia and whether she realized it or not, she ended up delivering Sergio the only woman that had been able to peak his curiosity in a long time. Just when had Mandi become such a sexy siren? Now she was in Sergio's car and they were headed off to Rome for a week. It was most unexpected, just like the thoughts and emotions it brought out in Sergio. He wanted her plain and simple, but was curious to see if the same thoughts were running through Mandi's mind.

Although it had been a long while since Sergio had seen Mandi and he'd never studied her more deeply than thinking she was a good looking woman who was off limits due to being his kid sister's best friend, he could tell that she was different-more serious. Sergio longed to protect her and help her through what must have been a challenging past year and a half. He could tell that Mandi didn't think she needed anyone to do that for her and maybe she was right, but Sergio wanted to try. It would be nice to help someone who didn't want or expect help, plus he wanted to see that spirited spark and sexy energy appear again, just like it had last night in the bidding war.

The face on Olivia had been comical, showing her darkest and ugliest side to Sergio the night before. Now that they had distance between them Sergio could see right through her even when she was dressed to kill. His penis no longer took charge of his thoughts and actions, making her actions childish and desperate. Knowing that she was there bidding on money that Benjamin was trying to buy her back with, made Mandi's victory all the sweeter for Sergio. He didn't like being taken for a fool, and knowing that Olivia and Benjamin, who'd been a very close friend, had made a fool of him was embarrassing to him.

Why are you thinking about Olivia when you have Mandi right here? Sergio asked himself. He was right too. Mandi was sitting in the passenger seat of his Jag, looking incredible and smiling politely, but cautiously. Sergio realized that he'd been absorbed in thought and silent. It probably made her wonder what was going on.

"Mandi, I truly am excited about having you here," Sergio said. He reached his hand over and it grazed her toned shapely lean leg. He wanted to keep it there longer and run his fingers up and down her smooth skin, but there'd be plenty of time to be close to Mandi on the jet. For now, they had to get to the hangar if they wanted to maintain their schedule.

"I'm excited too, Sergio. It promises to be a very interesting week I'd imagine."

Sergio laughed at Mandi. Just how interesting a week was yet to be determined, and he was going to do his best to be less work and more pleasure on this trip. It was an unexpected turn of events.

Chapter 8

Mandi knew that Sergio had said jet and hangar for the trip, but hadn't thought much more about it. When they pulled up into the hangar she suddenly realized just what a billionaire's jet would look like and saw that Sergio also had his own private crew. It was incredible.

The rich caramel leather seats on the jet were so soft and beautiful, and there were engrained wooden accents throughout the jet, making it look and appear to be a mansion in the sky. No wonder why Sergio liked to travel so much-his jet was better than most people's homes. Mandi hoped that Sergio didn't think that his money was what was appealing to her right now. It was time with him that Mandi longed for and getting to know the man behind the scenes. She hoped that he'd be a bit more relaxed with her and maybe open up.

It made Mandi feel like royalty when the staff stood in a line as Sergio guided her to her seat. He introduced her to everyone, and the two sat down right next to each other. It seemed awkward at first because there were about twenty seats on the jet, but Mandi realized that it would be even more awkward to not sit by each other. She could immediately smell Sergio's cologne and it seemed to immediate seduce her, making her wanting to get closer to him, to get passionate with him.

The one attendant on the jet was a beautiful statuesque blonde and Mandi couldn't help but notice that she was flirting with Sergio, but he didn't seem to notice one bit. Mandi was very aware that Sergio was not taking his eyes off her, and every little bit of turbulence or jolt that took place in the sky made their bodies accidentally touch. There was no other way for Mandi to describe what she felt besides being blunt. She was horny, and being next to a guy like Sergio made her long to have an orgasm. In fact, her nerve endings were tingling so badly that she thought it may be entirely possible to have one without even having intercourse. It was crazy, and Mandi wondered if she was just that desperate for sex or if Sergio had some sort of magical power to bring out wild thoughts like that.

The conversation between Sergio and Mandi was casual when they first took off. Mandi realized that she'd never even spoken to Sergio alone for more than ten minutes or so and that had just happened the night before. She really didn't know him personally aside from what Sophia had shared. Like many people, she knew the side of Sergio that the press represented though and wondered how much of that was even factual.

The flirty blonde attendant wheeled a cart up, delivering two steak meals to Sergio and Mandi to eat. Mandi looked at it, and it smelled great, but she was suddenly feeling a bit exhausted. She was on her fourth glass of wine, and the emotional rollercoaster of the day was catching up with her.

"Is anything wrong?" Sergio asked.

"No, nothing at all," Mandi said.

"I know this is the first time you've been on a jet and on your way to Europe, Mandi. If you're nervous, I'd understand."

"Oh no. I'm not nervous or anything like that. I'm just getting tired and sleepy."

"Well, it is likely nearing when you go to sleep so that makes sense. Let's get this meal put away so you can get some rest."

Mandi watched Sergio make a simple gesture and as if she was a mind reader, the attendant came and removed everything. Without saying a word, Sergio wrapped his arm around Mandi's shoulder and tucked her in close, placing his hand gently on her head. He played with the ends of her long hair and whispered, "Go ahead and sleep right here. I've got you."

Sergio's words were soothing and comforting to Mandi. His strength was so appealing, and she didn't hesitate to accept the invitation and tilted her head toward Sergio's chest and placed her hand on it.

Dreams started to enter into Mandi's mind and it was there that she was transported to a sexual encounter with Sergio that delivered everything her wild thoughts had imagined it would. Their naked bodies were entwined around each other and they were thrusting toward each other, showing their passion and intense desire with reckless abandon. Mandi could feel her body responding and her hips moving in response to the thrust's from Sergio's hard-on. She'd never come so many times with each one being more intense than the previous. Mandi couldn't stifle her moans as she asked for more. It was a blissful dream that she didn't want to end, but suddenly it did. Mandi awoke to a hand tapping her shoulder.

"Mandi, are you alright?" Sergio asked.

Mandi was confused and not sure how to respond. She'd been sleeping so soundly, but suddenly she remembered what she'd been dreaming about and paused. She couldn't let on that she had such an intense dream about the guy that was touching her right now and whose lips were close enough to kiss.

"Everything's fine, Sergio. Why wouldn't it be?"

"You were dreaming, and well...you started acting out a bit," Sergio said. He couldn't hide his smile or his embarrassment. "If you would have went any further with riding my lap up and down it probably would have..." In lieu of saying anything else Sergio just pointed to his lap and Mandi looked down.

She couldn't believe it. She had her skirt hiked up and was pressing her pelvis into Sergio's very noticeable erection, and she could feel how wet she was in her panties. Mandi couldn't say a word because she was so horrified and no words could do anything to alleviate the complete and utter embarrassment she felt at that moment. Sergio tried to help by being casual, adding, "Luckily we both have our clothes on our else we'd already be very intimately acquainted."

Mandi's face grew redder and she was instantly hot, not knowing how to handle the situation. Words began to flow out of her mouth. "I'm so sorry, Sergio. I was just dreaming...I didn't...I don't know how...oh my gosh. I really don't know what to say. Is there anywhere I can go hide?" One of Mandi's natural defense mechanisms was to throw some humor into situations in which she was uncomfortable and dry humping Sergio when she was dreaming about having him at the deepest level was definitely uncomfortable.

"You don't need to apologize to me, Mandi. I'll admit that I found the whole thing highly entertaining." Now Sergio's grin had widened and he was looking wildly sexy-that look one usually had right after sex.

"I still don't quite know what to say. I cannot believe that happened and honestly I am horrified about it."

Sergio took Mandi's chin and lifted it up so he was looking her right in the eyes. "It's alright, Mandi. You were having a dream. Yes, it was naughty, but it was us doing something very intimate." Sergio paused, looking like he wanted to choose his words carefully before continuing. Mandi breathed in, trying to calm her pounding heart and he continued. "I'd like to continue this dream, but with you awake this time."

Mandi could hear the intensity in Sergio's voice and sense the urgency in his words and she didn't hesitate. She wanted the same thing and it was hers for the taking at that moment. Sergio's lips traveled down her neck, kissing her slowly and leaving a searing trail of desire lingering on her skin. His one hand masterfully unbuttoned the top few buttons of her blouse and gently grazed the top of her breast while his lips began to kiss them. Mandi didn't dare open her eyes, wanting to keep the sensation she was feeling and experience this. A small voice in the back of her mind tried to discourage her, reminding her that there was a flight attendant around who was probably witnessing the entire thing. Yet, she shut that voice out because she wanted this.

Without warning, Sergio scooped Mandi up into his arms and whispered that he was going to take her to a place with a bit more privacy. He moved to the back of the jet where there was a private sleeping room, and swung the door open. Mandi looked around and raised her eyebrow, revealing her exact thoughts. Sergio smiled, "It's for long trips like this when I need my...um...sleep."

"Yes, that's very important I'd suppose Mr. Leon," Mandi said. She wasn't going to let her thoughts drift to any place that didn't give her this experience that she was longing for. "We should get lots of rest and relaxation for the busy week ahead of us. It's a masterful plan."

"I'm glad you see it that way," Sergio replied. He was enjoying the playful banter of Mandi and continuing where she'd left off in her dreams.

Sergio placed Mandi on the bed and she laid back, stretching out her body. Sergio leaned in next to her and slowly stripped away her clothing, revealing her lingerie. Mandi watched his expression and could see that he was surprised. She'd picked some of her sexiest for the trip and could see that it had been a good choice.

"Black lace with leopard print," Sergio commented. "I never would have expected this and now I'm more aroused than I was out there during your dream. You are one sexy woman who is full of surprises, Mandi Jenkins."

Sergio's words must have made him think of something else because his eyes suddenly darkened, as if they were trying to hide the desire they had just shown before. Was he having second thoughts? Mandi hoped not because she wanted this so badly.

"What's wrong, Sergio?"

"I want you so damn bad right now, Mandi, but I'm not ready to jump into a relationship. It's just not the right time, and with you being Sophia's best friend...I just don't know. Maybe we should be more cautious."

Mandi felt that familiar sense of frustration surface in her. She didn't say anything about wanting a relationship with Sergio right now. Why would he jump to that conclusion? Was that natural for all guys? What she wanted was physical intimacy and some animalistic passion with one of the sexiest guys she'd ever seen. That was what she needed. "Just shut up and fuck me, Sergio," Mandi said. Her face looked determined and her eyes were not holding back expressing just what she expected.

"You don't care if it doesn't lead to anything?" Sergio asked. He'd been down this road enough times to know that what women said in the moment and what they felt later often clashed. He didn't want to do that to Mandi.

"Term it whatever you want Sergio...an affair or a business arrangement. I don't care. I need to feel you inside of me. It's been way too long since I've felt something with a man."

Mandi looked at Sergio and saw his eyes soften. The desire was definitely there but he was suddenly resisting her. Why would he do that after all those passionate words? And there was certainly no point in taking her back to this room just to get her hopes up.

Finally Sergio spoke again, seeing that Mandi was speechless, stunned by the sudden rejection. "As much as I want to have that kind of an affair with you I must decline. I won't leave you unsatisfied though."

Mandi felt his hand slide into her panties and he slowly pulled them down, causing her to gasp from the arousal that stirred up so quickly in her once again. Sergio slid his fingers into her and moved them up and down; thrusting his hips like he was rhythmically rocking in and out of her. Mandi accepted his actions and groaned out her appreciation.

Eventually Mandi found Sergio's lips traveling down her stomach and reaching the very spot he'd just satisfied so masterfully with his fingers. As his mouth went on her she could feel his tongue flickering in and out of her, moving around her soft folds and causing her to erupt into further ecstasy. She moaned, clenching down below. She'd never experienced anything like this before and she didn't know if it was because it had been awhile or if it was all Sergio and the insatiable desire she had for him on every level at that moment. He increased his fervor with his tongue, licking her clit and going deep inside of her. She shivered and writhed, unable to hold back/ The finale came when Mandi's entire body erupted in uncontrolled quaking, causing her moaned Sergio's name.

Mandi couldn't even speak as Sergio slid back up and lied down next to her, wrapping her exhausted body into his arms. "Did you like that arrangement, Mandi?"

She nodded her head yes, not having the energy to even respond.

"That's good," Sergio smiled kissing fully on her mouth and brushing his tongue against hers. "Next time may be more adventurous so I'm glad we're off to a good start."

Mandi smiled, turned on by the taste of herself on his lips. It was such an erotic thought to be so close to Sergio. More adventurous? Now that was something she definitely looked forward to and it also meant that Sergio was committed to not being all work during this vacation. That was a great thought.

Both Sergio and Mandi fell asleep in each other's arms, and awoke to the sounds of the jet's pilot announcing that they were within thirty minutes of landing in Rome.

Mandi was aware that she was wearing a wild grin on her face, but she didn't mind. She had enjoyed what Sergio had offered last night and couldn't wait for more. It was the perfect start to her Roman adventure.

Chapter 9

The day was just starting as Mandi and Sergio landed in Rome, making for a most beautiful and tranquil scene for Mandi to witness. She looked out the window of the jet, taking in the bright orange and pink hues of the sunrise and noticing the beauty of the city below coming to life.

"It's so beautiful," Mandi said, looking at Sergio with an enthusiastic smile.

"It really is. There are times when I think that I'd like to live here, but it just isn't practical with most of my business dealings being in New York and Los Angeles."

"That definitely wouldn't be too convenient, would it?" Mandi commented.

"You on the other hand...you have a business that would be very well received here."

"I suppose you're right, but that was my mother's dream more than mine. She never made it here you know, she passed away the year she was finally going to get the trip to Rome she'd always wanted."

"Well, we'll make sure you do it justice in her honor," Sergio said, squeezing Mandi's shoulder. "She'd be very proud of you."

Mandi smiled. "So, what's first on your docket, Sergio?"

"I'll give you a tour of the city as we drive out to Benvenuto, the family villa. It's absolutely gorgeous, and unlike anything you can find in the city. It overlooks the ocean."

"Isn't benvenuto Italian for welcome?" Mandi didn't know a lot of Italian, but she had a grasp on a few words.

"You're absolutely right, it is. My grandmother used to always entertain and invite everyone into her home. She was a lively and generous woman who appreciated the beauty in everything and everyone. She named it and that was that. What she said also went, according to my parents and grandfather." Sergio laughed, and Mandi noticed something relaxed and joyful in his eyes, and then it quickly disappeared after he continued talking.

"Then I have to go to the factory and the office this afternoon, and you'll be getting a tour of Ostia Lida while I tend to business. It's a wonderful small town and I think you'll really enjoy it."

Obviously Mandi liked the thought of going out and exploring Italy a bit more, but she was disheartened that Sergio wouldn't be with her while doing it. She quickly reprimanded herself, knowing that Sergio was a business man and that the factory's fiftieth anniversary celebration was an important event. She was being silly and that was no way to start off this week.

"Well, hopefully you'll be able to join back up with me for the evening," Mandi said. Inside her head it was a hint that she wanted more of the bliss she'd experienced on the jet, but she also wanted to get to know the man Sergio in an emotional sense, not just physical. That was the part of him that was most mysterious to her.

"I'll be back for a late dinner if you wish to wait and join me," Sergio said in a rather monotone voice, not showing any enthusiasm.

"I didn't mean to invite myself," Mandi countered, feeling instantly awkward about the entire conversation.

"Oh no, it's not that. It's just that my schedule is usually so sporadic and unexpected things come up when I'm traveling. I hate to keep people waiting, but it's necessary when there are business dealings to address."

"I understand," Mandi said. "We'll just play it by ear."

"Now that is a brilliant plan."

A half hour later Mandi and Sergio were through customs, and on their way to the front, where a chauffeur was to be waiting for them. Sergio would get his own vehicle when he got to the villa, a Ferrari 599 GTO that was black and sleek-Sergio's words. His eyes lit up more talking about that car than they seemed to at the thoughts of dining with Mandi. She was struggling trying to stop the negative thoughts from flooding her mind.

The drive through Rome was minimal because the airport was on the outskirts of the city, and you didn't need to go through the entire city to get to Ostia Lida. Mandi thought the outline of it looked impressive and as they drove down the highway toward the coast Sergio pointed out the silhouette of where the factory was, describing a bit of what the environment was like there, number of employees, employee loyalty, etc. Business was another thing that lit Sergio up apparently because his enthusiasm was equal to that of a child's going to Disney World.

Once they pulled into the front driveway of Benvenuto, Mandi couldn't believe the exquisite beauty of the villa. She'd only seen things like it in pictures and they couldn't compare to the real deal. It had grand columns on it, a Mediterranean style roof with the clay tiles, and large windows with black wrought iron accents. To the right you could see the family's vineyard that was used for creating their own private label wine too-something that Sergio said was a family hobby. It was so spread out, and two stories high. There was a giant fountain in the middle of the front driveway that was decorated with statues and had Benvenuto carved into the stone around its base.

"Sergio, how many rooms are in this place?" Mandi asked, not even being able to grasp the breadth of the villa. Apparently there were small quaint villas and then monstrous villas.

"The main house has thirty rooms total, and the servant house has eight."

"Wow!" Mandi shook her head, putting the Leon family financial status into an entirely different category. She'd obviously known that they were very well off and had been to their magnificent properties back home, but this...this was unbelievable.

Before her and Sergio could get into the house they were greeted in the front driveway by a whole group of people-Sergio's relatives. There was his Aunt Diedre and Uncle Marcel, plus Angelica and Frederic, Sergio's eight and ten year old cousins. They were all so nice and eager, happy to see Sergio and curious about his companion. Mandi smiled at their welcoming manner, befitting of the villa name, and let them take her around and explain everything.

After about ten minutes Sergio must have decided that Mandi was okay because he told her that he had to get going and would see her later. He didn't hug her, kiss her, or do anything to indicate that he's just rocked her world hours before. What was the deal? He was definitely serious when it came to business.

The tour of the villa was delightful and every room told a unique story about the history of the Leon family and what they'd been through in their lives. Mandi briefly thought of her own small family and could barely relate. She had one aunt who lived on the west coast and two cousins, who she'd only seen a handful of times. Closeness wasn't part of the Jenkins family plan, except for Mandi's mother. She embraced their relationship and ensuring that they were as close as could be.

Mandi couldn't believe the guest room she had either. It had its own bath, fireplace, and overlooked the ocean too. It was amazing. The doors opened up to a veranda overlooking the ocean and Diedre told her to enjoy the fresh ocean air as much as possible during the daylight hours because it brought a rather big chill when nightfall came.

"We'll give you some time to shower and relax before we take you into Ostia Lida to look around, sound good?"

"Yes, it sounds lovely. You certainly speak English very well," Mandi commented to Diedre.

"I studied in the states for years," she replied.

"Well that explains that," Mandi said. "I must admit, I am looking forward to a shower and changing out of my travel clothes."

"Good, just come on down to the pool in back when you are set. The kids want to go swimming and I am going to enjoy some fresh air with them."

"I'll see you down there in a bit," Mandi said. Diedre shut the double doors that entered into her room and was gone. Mandi chuckles softly, hoping that she would indeed be able to find the pool when she was ready to go down. The place was huge. She also wondered how far away Sergio's room was from hers.

Mandi looked out at the ocean for a moment and could see the pool off to the right. At least she'd know which direction to head. Her mind was on overdrive and she was admittedly disappointed that Sergio had taken off so quickly, but she didn't want to act like a twit about it. He had business that needed to be done. She'd take her chances and wait to eat with him when he got home tonight so she could wind down from the day with him.

The shower was heavenly and Mandi enjoyed it thoroughly. The shampoo and soap smelled so good. She wondered what she should wear when she went out sightseeing around the town, and decided to wear a pair of jeans, fun sandals, and a t-shirt. It was casual, not too dressy, and comfortable, plus she liked the way her butt looked in those jeans. Maybe Sergio would too.

The tour with Diedre, Angelica, and Frederic was very fun and it was exciting to see how people in the Italian culture shopped, spent their days, and enjoyed life. They had a passionate and exuberant quality to them that Mandi found endearing. Mandi got to meet many people who worked at the factory too and was introduced as Mr. Sergio Leon's friend from the States. Mandi thought to herself that friend seemed so unfitting. She didn't know what she was, but she knew that she wanted to be more than just friends. Even though she'd told Sergio it was physical she was quickly beginning to realize that she'd lied only to herself in order to connect with him on some level. He'd probably seen right through it and that's why he wouldn't actually have intercourse with her. Was he avoiding her now?

By 5:00 that day Mandi was somewhat toured out and rather sick of the nagging thoughts in her mind. She wondered how Sergio could have gotten under her skin in such a short amount of time-barely 48 hours. It was crazy. She passed on dinner with Diedre, Marcel, and the kids in order to dine with Sergio later.

Just to pass some time waiting for Sergio to arrive home Mandi decided to give her sketching a go and she tried to draw the beautiful statue that was standing majestically in the corner of the veranda. She looked at it and then down at her sketch, commenting aloud. "Not too bad considering how long it's been since you've tried."

"I'll say, it's very good," a voice from behind said. Mandi jumped up and turned around. It was Sergio.

"Oh my gosh. I didn't hear you."

"Obviously, you were into your thoughts, and your conversation," he said, laughing. Mandi blushed. She did talk to herself on occasion and couldn't stand when someone busted her doing it.

"Are you ready to eat?" Mandi asked.

"I'm starving."

"How was your day? Hopefully you took care of all your business."

"In my life you take care of one thing and then something else happens right away. It's never ending, but it is part of the responsibility."

Mandi looked at Sergio and she was pretty sure that she was indicating that she'd gladly accept a kiss, embrace, or anything to get some assurance that Sergio hadn't regretted what happened on the jet. She didn't get it, but he was very friendly and polite-just like a business dinner. Hmm...

Sergio's smart phone was sitting on the table next to him while they ate and it kept buzzing. Instinctually, he'd pause from what he was saying and lean over to look at who it was.

"Are you expecting a call?" Mandi finally asked, not appreciating being second fiddle to a phone.

"No, sorry. It's just a habit and I like to dress things proactively rather than listen to a plethora of messages and whatnot. That's not as efficient."

"I suppose that efficiency is..." Mandi stopped midsentence because Sergio's phone buzzed again and she had lost his attention. This time he answered it though.

He got up and walked away, going out into the hallway so he was just out of earshot. Mandi sat there, wondering how long he'd be. She sighed and took a sip of her wine, delighting in its crisp flavor, but not delighting in the feeling of isolation that was developing in the pit of her stomach.

Sergio came back into the room and covered his hand with the phone and whispered, "This is going to be awhile. You just finish without me and I'll see you at breakfast tomorrow." Without so much as another word he affectionately patted Mandi's shoulder, grabbed his plate, and took off somewhere.

Well, that was that, Mandi thought. If being in a relationship with a workaholic was like this she was beginning to understand why that Olivia may have strayed after all. It seemed like it might be pretty lonely. Were a few passionate moments really worth it? Yet to be determined!

The next day brought Mandi new hope of a more enjoyable day with Sergio, but it turned out that he was out the door way before breakfast started and Mandi was once again left to be entertained by Diedre. She was nice and most lovely, but she was not Sergio.

Chapter 10

The next day Mandi and Diedre went to have lunch together because everyone else was busy. Mandi wasn't exactly sure what was going on, but she had a hunch that Diedre wanted to share something with her. Hopefully she didn't think Mandi was a gold digger like Olivia had been. She didn't even know if Sergio had ever taken Olivia to Rome and didn't want to ask. Thoughts of her, someone who'd had Sergio's heart and more, were like poison in her thoughts, ruining what should be an exceptional adventure. Of course, having Sergio by her would have helped.

When the waiter came over to take their order, Diedre asked him for a few minutes and he quickly turned around. Mandi was impressed, reflecting on how a waiter in New York would treat a customer who said that. They'd probably spit in their food and make the service exceptionally lousy. Not in Italy though...the land of gentle grace and reassuring patience.

"You know, Mandi, this entire community owes so much to Sergio. He has really made a difference in so many people's lives, stopping them from a life of despair and tough times." Diedre's eyes welled up with emotion as she spoke.

"What did he do?" Mandi asked. She knew Sergio was a good man and an excellent business man, but she couldn't really understand Diedre's strong emotions that came with her statement.

"The Leon family has always been an aristocratic family and successful at business. However, they have always thought locally. I saw this on a minor level when I moved from southern Italy to marry Marcel. The subtle differences in accent and the way we presented ourselves was there and they didn't understand it at first...but that's a story for a different day." Mandi smiled and Diedre continued. "Sergio brought everyone hope. When he took over for the family business it was in dire straits. People were getting laid off from the factory and it was very challenging for La Bella Donna to stay afloat. There was so much competition. After Sergio's father retired he took over the company and brought new energy and perspective to it. From that point on, what was slowly dying began to quickly thrive. That's all a reflection of Sergio's talents and not only the family, but the town are so thankful to him for what's he's done. Sophia's mother has never been a business woman. She's more of a socialite like Sophia."

Mandi smiled. She knew that Sergio was incredible, but the way Diedre talked about him showed that he was a man of passion and dedication too. "Thank you for sharing that with me. It means a lot, Diedre. It really does." However, mentioning Sophia's name made her miss her best friend badly. They didn't get to see each other as much as either would like, but they always managed to talk every few days.

"Sergio tells us that you and him are a couple. You're a lovely young lady and we couldn't be happier for the two of you. How long have you been dating?"

Mandi gulped, not knowing what to say. Not only had Diedre surprised her with the statement, but she didn't feel comfortable lying to her. She was saved in a nick of time. "Surprise," a lively voice boomed out from behind her. Mandi turned around and saw Sergio standing there with Marcel, Frederic, and Angelica behind him.

"We decided to come and join you all for lunch. The maitre de is preparing a larger table. Hopefully we're not intruding," Sergio said.

Mandi didn't wait for Diedre to say anything and smiled grandly, truly feeling excited about it. "What a great surprise. Lucky us!" So, we're a couple, are we. I like it.

"Wonderful," Sergio said.

"If you'll all excuse me for a moment. I need to use the restroom," Mandi said. She went to the rest room and pulled out her cell phone. She suddenly had the urge to hear Sophia's voice and acknowledge that she'd arrived safely.

"Mandi, I'm so glad to hear from you," Sophia said when she picked up the phone. "I take it you arrived safe."

"I have and your family home, as well as your family, is just lovely. They are amazing."

"Sergio isn't shoving you off on them to work, is he?" Sophia asked. She is too perceptive at times, Mandi thought.

"We've only been here for a day and a half. I can tell you that many people are demanding of his time, but that makes sense since he is the CEO of a major international fashion company."

"Blah, blah, blah. Mandi, I need you to do me a favor and really make an effort for Sergio to have some fun. He cannot obsess about business and he needs to get some spark back in his life. And frankly, you do to. I know you've had a rough go of it lately, but before your mom got sick and you had to take over the gallery you used to be the most positive person I'd ever met, letting nothing hold you back from the joy of life. You need this as much as Sergio does."

"Have I changed that much?"

"It's getting there, but I still see the real you in there," Sophia commented.

"I'll do my best. It's hard to compete with a factory, a town, and an anniversary celebration."

"You can do it. Well, I've got to go. Andre and I have an appointment with a customer at the gallery in a few minutes and have got to prepare."

"Okay, love ya'."

"Back at you, Mandi. Arrivederci."

"Ciao," Mandi shot back, showing her limited grasp of the Italian language.

Just like that Sophia had hung up, but her words lingered with Mandi. Sergio had surprised her for lunch. Yes, his family was there, but it was still something and a chance to be by Sergio, and hopefully alone with him by day's end.

The words that Sophia planted in Mandi's ear helped her make one determination. This trip was a gift, one that welcomed her to go wild and go for it. It wasn't the time to hold anything back because action was what was needed. If it didn't work out at least she tried. It wasn't like she ran into Sergio on a daily basis anyways.

A fantastic lunch of Italian style pizzas came and Mandi was having a wonderful time. Mandi had always loved a great slice of za in New York, but Italian pizza was so different. It was equally scrumptious but seemed more like something besides pizza, maybe a flat bread or something.

Marcel and Diedre opened up, sharing stories of Sergio's youth, and even some funny things that Sophia had done over the years. They really helped Mandi get to know more about the Sergio that he didn't easily show anyone else. It turned out that Sergio and Sophia were the first descendents of the Leon family to be born and raised in the States. That fascinated Mandi, who really didn't know anything about her heritage. Her mom had once told her they were fourth generation removed Germans, but there was no real documented history from back in Germany available. Here, talking with this family, showed that they embraced their history and it was a part of who they were through and through. She loved it.

However, when lunch was done things got even better. He said his goodbye's and claimed he was kidnapping Mandi to show her that he hadn't abandoned her for work. Mandi couldn't believe it and in an instant all of her paranoia and fears that she'd carried the day before and even that morning were gone-vanished!

"Are you ready for some fun?" Sergio asked Mandi, taking her hand and guiding her out to the parking lot where his beautiful Ferrari was parked.

"You have time?" He has time. Why are you asking?

"I am making sure I have time," Sergio responded, squeezing her hand as he spoke.

"That must mean that everything is okay now with your work obligations. That's great, Sergio."

"It's under control. These visits are always taxing on my time and there's only so much of me to go around. It's a rather huge juggling act, but I pulled out all my tricks to ensure I could surprise you this afternoon."

"I like your tricks." Mandi smiled, feeling the tingles that Sergio seemed to deliver her so masterfully travel through her body.

"Good. What I'm about to show you is something I did not create though, but I love it as if it was. It's my favorite spot here."

After Sergio seated Mandi in the passenger seat of his car he walked around and sat down in the driver's seat. Mandi looked at him and was in awe of his casual eloquence. He moved so effortlessly and was naturally sexy while doing so. Nothing was forced. It just was.

"Where are we going?"

"It's a surprise. I wish I could blindfold you, but I'm afraid that this vehicle is a bit noticeable around town."

"Blindfolding...now that's interesting," Mandi replied, hoping she relayed a flirtatious tone that showed what she was feeling at the moment. This was really cool and she was so curious about where Sergio was taking her.

"You have a surprising side that I hope to learn more about," Sergio commented.

"Of course that involves spending some time together," Mandi said. It was bold, but it was necessary.

"And I plan on doing that, Mandi. I'm sorry that I shoved you off on my family, as wonderful as they are. I know that you want to spend time with me, not just them."

"You have that correct, Sergio. I heard a lot of great things about you the past day and a half though. Even though you weren't around I feel like I know you a bit better. It's nice."

"That's good. I doubt everyone would say nice things about me," he rebutted.

Mandi didn't know what Sergio meant by that and she didn't care. She was happy and feeling sexy in the slick Ferrari heading toward the coastline. It was so incredible.

A small grove of olive trees was along the cliff, seeming most unusual to the openness of the rest of the landscape and Sergio took a quick right, making his way down the dirt path that was in between them. It went about fifty feet and then opened up again, revealing a hidden cliff with a view that was breathtaking.

"Oh my gosh, Sergio. It's beautiful."

"As are you."

Mandi looked at Sergio, smiling softly. She was so thankful to have him to herself and it really warmed her, making her more courageous for the potential they had. Or at least, to discover if there was any potential.

"I was wondering..." Sergio began. Mandi could see that he was actually hesitant and nervous. It was something that she'd never seen in him before with his high level of confidence and directness. "What do you say about us trying this thing out...the arrangement we spoke about on the jet?"

"Here's what I think," Mandi said. She leaned in and placed her hands around Sergio's neck, pulling him in closely. She began to kiss him passionately and he responded right away.

Mandi's entire body was on alert, ready to accept any touch that Sergio had to offer and longing for more. She was surprised when he pulled away and gently cusped her head in his large masculine hands. "You have gotten to me, Mandi Jenkins. Do you know that?"

"I've been hoping, I'll admit, Sergio Leon."

"Ever since our encounter on the jet I've been distracted and I don't distract easily."

Mandi mumbled, "I think you do." She was leaning back in to kiss him again before he could say another word and he didn't resist her aggression either. She wanted this badly and it was not the time to talk herself out of indulging in what she had been longing for to the point of insanity.

It was tempting to go beyond kissing for Mandi, and she suspected for Sergio too. They decided to hold off until they were in a place that was a bit more private. Sergio surprised Mandi by pulling out a small plate of cheese and crackers, along with a bottle of wine from their family's private label and they sat down at the edge of the cliff, their feet dangling over the rough ocean below.

"It would be amazing to sketch this place. I wish I would have brought my supplies," Mandi commented. "Maybe we can come back."

"For you, anything, but for now I'd like to get back to Benvenuto."

"For anything in particular?" Mandi was temporarily jarred from her bliss, believing Sergio had some sort of business to attend to. He hadn't even answered his telephone all afternoon.

"Yes, something very particular. You'll have to wait and see."

Every word Sergio said was perfect and Mandi couldn't even believe how this day had turned out. What started out as a nice, but slightly disappointing day had turned into a dream. She felt like she was living the life of an adventurous wonder woman who experienced amazing things all the time. Today, Mandi was the wonder woman and she was loving it.

When Sergio and Mandi were heading back to the villa, Mandi recalled what Diedre had said to her at the restaurant about them being a couple, and she couldn't resist asking about it. It was as good of a time as any by her estimations.

"When Diedre and I were alone at the restaurant she mentioned something most interesting," Mandi began.

"Oh, something about me growing up?"

"No, something about us."

"What's that?" Sergio asked, looking over toward Mandi.

"I'll tell you if you keep your eyes on the road. This is one winding path and I am very close to the edge of the cliff."

Sergio laughed. "Fine, I'll try to keep my eyes off you, but you shouldn't look so damn sexy if you want that to happen."

"Diedre told me that you said we were a couple. I was just wondering why?"

"I didn't want to embarrass or compromise you, Mandi. Nothing more. You are actually staying in my room right now."

"Well, where are you staying?"

"I stayed in a guest room last night because I wanted you to get a good's night rest and knew I'd be working a lot since I'd just arrived."

"Where are you sleeping tonight?"

"I'm going to stay in the guest room for at least another night. I have a conference call later."

"Oh," Mandi said. Damn it. This man is frustrating.

That night Mandi decided to retire early and go to sleep, hoping it would take her mind off the emotional intensity of the day. She'd had so much fun with Sergio and their afternoon had offered so much promise. Yet, he was sleeping in the guest room for the second night in a row. I guess agreeing to the arrangement didn't mean that he was going to want her all the time or as badly as she wanted him. Finally, exhausted from thoughts, Mandi fell asleep.

A stealthy figure snuck into Mandi's room while she was asleep and quietly stripped his clothes down, sliding into bed next to her. Mandi awoke to the feeling of strong arms wrapped around her and a definitely aroused penis pressing into her back. She paused for a moment, trying to wake up and think.

The feel of the muscles was familiar-it was Sergio. Then he began to kiss her neck and every part of her came awake, responding instantly. Mandi turned around and could see Sergio's face accented in the moonlight that cascaded in from the windows. His eyes were caring and intense, showing that he was longing for her just as much as she was for him.

Their hands roamed each other's bodies, exploring them hungrily and savagely. As their lips pressed against each other urgently Mandi found her body responding, rocking back and forth toward Sergio, writhing in the intensity and passion of the moment.

Sergio leaned over Mandi and stared down at her. She looked back at him unable to move her head. His chiseled jaw and muscular body were absolutely beautiful, like one of the Italian statues she'd seen since arriving in Rome. It was at that moment that Sergio moved his hips forward and entered into her. It was incredible.

Using one hand to balance himself, Sergio took his other hand and gently cupped Mandi's breast as he thrust in and out of her. It started out as rhythmic and soothing like the ocean in the early evening, but quickly progressed to clashing waves filled with explosions.

Mandi's head arched back as she received the orgasms that she'd been dreaming about from Sergio. This time she was very awake though and it was a more incredible sensation than her dreams ever could have imagined.

After a bit, Sergio leaned down and let his lips gently graze Mandi's forehead, tantalizing her with his sudden delicacy. He leaned in closely to her, continuing to move back and forth. Mandi's hands wrapped around him and she rocked with him back and forth, helping to bring him to pleasure. She wanted him to feel so good and at that moment there was nothing that would be off the table to make that happen.

As Mandi opened up her hips more she wrapped her legs around Sergio as he moved back and forth, allowing him to enter into her deeper. He groaned, whispering, "Mandi, oh..." It was too much for him and after Mandi came again Sergio moaned in her ear, indicating that he'd just released his pent-up passion for her.

There was no talking for either Sergio or Mandi as they laid entwined in each other's arms. Mandi thought the moment was nothing short of perfection, and she couldn't believe how amazing the tryst with Sergio had been. There were no awkward moments, getting to understand how the other moved or what they responded to. He was fantastic, the best lover she'd ever had. No she didn't have many to compare to, but there were certain things a woman just knew and the fact that Sergio was an incredible lover was definitely one of them for Mandi. No wonder why Olivia wanted more. Why would she even stray from that? It was an unknown mystery.

"I'm so glad I came to see you," Sergio said. "You are incredibly beautiful and so responsive."

"How could I not respond? That was incredible."

"Better than your dreams?" Sergio teased.

"Definitely."

Mandi and Sergio drifted back off to sleep, exhausted from sex and content to be in each other's arms. When Mandi awoke she found that Sergio was already up. She looked at the time and realized that she was starving and they would be serving the family breakfast in about twenty minutes time. She hurried to get ready and make her way down stairs. As she saw her reflection in the mirror she smiled, realizing she was still glowing from the incredible midnight adventure she'd had the night before. Better yet, she knew it wasn't a dream.

Chapter 11

Mandi ate breakfast with a big appetite, enjoying the fresh baked croissants, homemade jams, and fresh fruit that were laid out on the table. Sergio kept looking her way and smiling, casually touching her hand. She wondered if that's what good sex did to a woman, make her starving the next day. If it did she welcomed a scrumptious breakfast every morning.

"So, did you have a lovely night, Mandi?" Diedre asked. Mandi looked over to Diedre and detected a smile upon her face, making Mandi instantly start to blush. Did everyone know that her and Sergio had been together last night? Maybe the villa walls weren't as thick as she'd assumed they would be.

"I did have a fantastic night," Mandi replied.

"And you, Sergio?" Diedre continued.

"Most delightful, Auntie, most delightful," Sergio said before turning to Mandi to wink at her.

Marcel clearly didn't like the conversations tone and in a gruffer voice added in, "Okay, we all know that everyone had a great night. What's going on for the day?"

"I'm going to spend the day with Mandi today so none of you can have her," Sergio teased.

"That's good," Diedre said. "Everything is in place for the celebration tomorrow and you should relax and enjoy this beautiful country-not just by driving from one meeting to the next."

"Excellent advice," Sergio replied.

"I'll escort you to the room if you're ready," Sergio said to Mandi.

"I'm ready. I cannot believe how much I just ate."

Mandi and Sergio said their farewell's for the morning to Diedre and Marcel. The kids hadn't been there because they were already on their way to a friend's house for a day outing on their yacht.

"I hope you don't mind that I took the liberty of having the valet move my things back into my room," Sergio said when they entered into the bedroom suite.

Mandi turned to look at him, surprised. "You did? I don't mind at all. In fact, it's welcomed because now I find myself to be a woman with some very specific needs that only you can fill."

Sergio didn't need any bigger hint than that and he swept Mandi up in his arms, taking her over to the bed. He tossed her down on the bed playfully and began to undress her.

Mandi tried to get up so he could slide off the t-shirt that she'd put on for breakfast, but he told her to stay down and be patient. Patience was not easily achieved for Mandi now that she had a taste of what was in store for her. She listened none the less, enjoying the way Sergio stripped her down.

Sergio came up from behind Mandi on the bed and slid his hands down the sides of her small waistline, grabbing the bottom of the t-shirt. He slowly slid it up, unlatching her front clasp Kelly green bra with black silk in a single motion along the way. Mandi's breasts sprang to life and Sergio made sure his hands traveled over them as he slid the t-shirt off.

The doors to the veranda had been opened and the morning breeze of the ocean touched Mandi's skin, making her nipples hard and giving her small goose bumps. She was in heaven, but she'd had enough of Sergio moving so slowly and deliberately. She was ready for action.

Sergio was still dressed and Mandi rolled to her side, unbuttoning his short as quickly as she could. She wanted to see every bit of his flesh in the daylight and in this place, a place where they were all alone without the risk of interruption.

There was no stopping Mandi and Sergio didn't try. Mandi could tell that he enjoyed her aggressive approach because it showed in his arousal and the look on his face. As soon as he was naked Mandi went and straddled herself on top of him, not wasting any time to slide his erection into her deeply and start riding him back and forth. The feel of him inside her drove her crazy with want for him, and she rode him fast and slow, wiggling her hips until he groaned.

Her hips moved in sync with Sergio's and she stared down into his sexy hazel eyes, not wanting to lose sight of their intensity. They were alive and sparking, playful and sexy. They represented everything that Mandi wanted at that moment.

Mandi felt herself preparing to climax and she thrust her head back, feeling her long loose hair on the small of her back as she did so. Sergio's hands were braced on her hips, pushing her harder against him.

After she came, Mandi surprised Sergio by turning around and starting to ride him from behind. He caressed her ass as she slid back and forth on him, leaning forward and using his feet to brace herself for deep thrusts on him. "Oh my, Mandi. That's incredible, Oh..."

Mandi felt the wetness of satisfaction between her legs and knew that it wasn't just her orgasms that had created it, but Sergio's had too. Their second encounter didn't disappoint at all.

Sergio helped guide Mandi off of him and turned her around so he could see her. Mandi was smiling and her hair looked wild now, parts of it clinging to her face and other parts completely disheveled.

"You look fucking beautiful. You know that?"

Mandi just smiled, not knowing what to say. "And I also find that you are even more full of surprises. Where did you learn to do that last little trick?"

Mandi laughed. "I'm sad to admit that it was in Cosmo magazine-reading that magazine is my guilty little pleasure. It's nice to finally use one of the techniques that I've read about." Filter...you don't have to let him know that you'd had that long of a dry spell.

"You're welcome to try any of them on me," Sergio said.

"I accept. You really do have the spirit of Benvenuto running through you," Mandi teased.        "It's time for us to get ready for the day. Why don't you take a shower first and I'll go and catch up on some calls that I need to make quickly. Sound good?"

"What are we going to do?" Mandi asked.

"We're going into Rome to go shopping for your dress for the anniversary celebration."

"Sounds fun. You are certainly welcomed to shower with me though," Mandi added, raising her eyebrows playfully at Sergio.

"I fear I'd never leave this room again. Maybe after the celebration we'll lock ourselves away and celebrate how fantastic our arrangement is."

"It's a deal. I could really get used to starting my mornings off with this kind of sizzle. Beats reading the newspaper and drinking a cup of coffee."

Sergio laughed and walked over to Mandi to give her a hug. He leaned back and placed his arms on her shoulders and said, "I'll meet you downstairs by the library in an hour." Then he leaned in and kissed her passionately with his tongue delving into taste her. She kissed him back, wanting more of him. They kept kissing for a few minutes longer until Sergio pulled back and said, "While I'd like to kiss you all day, we have to get some things done."

The hour went by quickly and Mandi was downstairs, ready to go. She'd put her hair in a French ponytail, knowing that was the easiest way to keep it tidy if she was trying on clothes today. She wondered what it would be like to shop with Sergio. She knew what it was like to shop with Sophia, but Sergio should prove interesting too. He obviously knew a lot about women's fashion and what looked good on a woman. It would be interesting to see what he thought would look good on Mandi.

The drive into Rome was interesting and quick. The Ferrari really could handle anything without a whole lot of effort, just like it's driver. The conversation was fun and casual as they made their way into the city, with Sergio telling Mandi all about Via Cola di Rienzo, the high end street with the most exciting boutiques on it. One of them carried the highest line of La Bella Donna in it too, Sergio mentioned to Mandi. She noticed a spark in his eyes when he mentioned it. Making it to one of those boutiques was obviously a great honor in the fashion world.

"Are we going to pick something out for me from your line?"

"Maybe, but not necessarily. If I'd have known I'd have such a divine beauty on my arm for the anniversary celebration I would have had our designers put together something exclusively for you. Even though there isn't time for that I have no doubts that you'll be the gem of the celebration."

Mandi was completely enjoying the lavish attention and praise that Sergio was giving her. He was making her feel like a queen and it was exciting. Things got even more interesting when they walked in to the first boutique shop together. Everyone immediately went up to Sergio, saying, "Good day, Mr. Leon. How may we help you?"

"I want you to help Mandi out in every way possible. If she sees something she wishes to try on help her out and please speak English if possible," Sergio said. Mandi didn't really know what he was saying at that moment because he spoke Italian to the staff, but she recognized her name rolling off Sergio's sexy lips and it had never sounded better before.

Mandi loved shopping, but was a bit shy about shopping at the boutiques. She didn't have the type of money to pay the prices they were asking and while things were lovely they were not affordable. She didn't want to waste anyone's time, especially Sergio's.

Seeing a pair of sunglasses on a shelf display Mandi picked them up and put them on. They were amazing. They had wire rims with thick sides and gemmed butterflies upon them. They were fun, wild, and flirty. She smiled at herself in the mirror, pleased with how they looked on her. Then she took them off and noticed the price tag. They were $500.00 US dollars and definitely out of her budget. She may be with a Leon family member, but she didn't have access to the same cash as them.

"Those look fantastic on you," Sergio said. "We must get them."

Mandi blushed, not liking that she would have to confess just how different their financial leagues were at that moment. She leaned in to Sergio and whispered, "I can't afford these, Sergio. Yes they are amazing, but they'll just have to be amazing on some other lucky woman."

"Nonsense, Mandi," Sergio immediately rebutted. "I have taken you to Rome for a date and an amazing adventure. Shopping is a part of it." Before Mandi could say anything else Sergio looked over to the staff, which were all listening attentively, and told them to put it on his store credit.

Ten minutes later they were walking out of the boutique and Mandi was sporting her new sunglasses. She felt like royalty herself and decided to put the thought of Sergio spending all the money he was on her out of her mind. He offered and she didn't ask, she reminded herself.

Mandi found that the next four boutiques all did the exact same as the first. They acknowledged Sergio and some of the younger woman blushed and hustled around at his every command. It most have drove them crazy that they were waiting on Mandi though and she couldn't blame them for thinking she was a heck of a lucky woman.

It was so much fun and the highlight came when they found the perfect dress for Mandi at one of the boutiques. She couldn't even believe how amazing it was and it was more formal than any dress she'd ever worn before. Sergio told her that the dress was a true original, just like Mandi, and made for her. She looked exquisite. It was a strapless dress with a plunging neckline that really pushed up Mandi's already ample cleavage and the back plunged down even further, showing the small of her back. There were emerald gems on the dresses bodice that sparkled in the light and the black fabric underneath made them pop out even more. As the dress went down it hugged Mandi's curvy hips perfectly and then flared out as it extended toward the ground, revealing a slit on one side that couldn't help but draw attention to Mandi's lean muscular legs.

The dress was incredible enough, but when Sergio helped her pick out the accessories she saw just why he was one of the best. He had an eye for original pieces that would go together. It started with a beautiful comb for Mandi's hair that had a peacock feather in it that was the exact same color as the emeralds on the dress, not to mention Mandi's inviting green eyes. The shoes were strappy and divine, making Mandi five inches taller and more statuesque than she already was.

By the time the shopping adventure was over Mandi had lost track of just how much she had gotten from Sergio. They hadn't had to carry any parcels around because the boutiques would deliver it right to Benvenuto.

That night by the time sleep came, Mandi was exhausted and utterly happy. She couldn't have asked for anything more.

Chapter 12

The day of the factory's anniversary celebration had arrived and Mandi was excited about the entire day ahead of her. Sergio was gone, attending to last minute details and making sure everything was in place.

Mandi was gone too, but it was to dreams and faraway places in her mind. As a treat and a way to spend her day, Sergio had a full staff of people come over to attend to all her needs. She was in the bedroom and it felt like her own private spa. It was incredible.

It started with a massage that was absolutely relaxing. The masterful hands of Francois, the masseuse, kneaded Mandi's skin, hitting the few tense spots she had and releasing them without the excruciating pain that can come with such things. At one point she even fell asleep as the gentle sound of the ocean traveled into the room from the open windows and the aromatic oils absorbed into her skin. It was absolutely amazing. Mandi thought she'd maybe try to learn how to give a great massage so she could give one to Sergio that was followed by some of the amazing talents he possessed sexually. It made her smile.

Next was the pedicure and manicure. The nail technician pulled out her caddy of nail colors and set it down next to the dress, which was carefully drawn out over a stand in the corner so it wouldn't wrinkle or lose its form. She found the perfect shade of bronze for Mandi to wear. The color was represented into the gorgeous peacock feathers of the comb and it shimmered like it was a piece of metal reflecting in the mid day's sun.

Mandi found herself with a few hours to do as she wished before the hair stylist came and did her hair. Sergio had said that they'd do her make-up too, but Mandi drew the line there. She liked doing her own make-up and didn't like to wear it heavy either, knowing that her natural features and skin tone were favorable. She smiled, thinking of the words that her mother once said. "I don't fill my canvas up with color to hide the natural beauty of what I'm doing, I make sure everything I put enhances the natural beauty of the subject." Mandi wasn't as good at applying that advice to art, but she had managed to become masterful with make-up.

It was the middle of the day in the States and Mandi decided to give Sophia a call and find out how things were going at the gallery. She called the gallery number.

"How's it going, Sophia?"

"Fantastic, Mandi. Andre and I are having an incredible week. I cannot believe how much is happening. It's so exciting."

"I can practically see you glowing through the phone. I bet if I Facetimed you from this iPhone I'd see something on your face."

"Maybe," Sophia said, laughing merrily. Mandi knew that laugh. It was the I've had sex with a guy I'm very attracted to laugh.

"Was it all you expected?" Mandi asked.

"And more."

"Good for you. I hope it works out."

"We'll see."

"So how is everything going at the gallery?"

"Great. Andre sold a couple of your paintings. He was so good. The couples that came in didn't stand a chance after he got talking to them. He's a natural."

"Fantastic. Maybe I'll just stay in Rome for a few weeks and let you guys take care of the gallery. It seems like you do a better job than me."

"Is Sergio being attentive to you?" Sophia asked.

"Very. He's out taking care of details for the celebration tonight and I'm getting the royal treatment-massage, manicure, pedicure, and hair is coming up next. He took me shopping too. I always thought you were the master shopper, but your brother gives you a run for your money."

"He went shopping with you? Now that's a first."

"Lucky me."

"Well Mandi, I've got to get going. I have something to do."

"Or someone," Mandi joked. Sophia laughed, making Mandi laugh too. She had it bad. And you have it bad too!

"Oh, I almost forgot. Some guy named Leroy called for you and left a number. He said he met you at the auction."

"I cannot recall him right now, but that was a busy and hectic night."

"He said something about being interested in the gallery and your mother's artwork. I'm not so sure it's either of those. When it rains men it pours for you, Mandi."

"I don't think I'm built to handle more than one man at a time."

"Well, I'm glad you're trying to handle Sergio. I cannot wait to hear how your trip went when you get back. Hopefully you don't hold back on me."

"We'll see," Mandi teased.

"Okay, now I really have to go," Sophia said. The two said quick goodbyes and she hung up.

Mandi went and took her shower and waited for the hair stylist to arrive so she could put Mandi's hair in a formal up-do. She was starting to get nervous from anticipation about the night at the celebration and being Sergio's date for such an extravagant affair.

Chapter 13

Mandi had just finished getting into her lovely gown and putting her make-up on when Sergio walked into the room. He had his tuxedo in a garment bag and it was slung over his shoulder.

"Hi Sergio. So what do you think?" Mandi asked, twirling around to give him a chance to fully assess her appearance.

"You look absolutely scrumptious and sexy. If we didn't have to go anywhere I'd be taking that dress right off you right now."

"Maybe you can do that later," Mandi suggested.

It didn't take Sergio long to get ready and when he was dressed Mandi admired how dashing he looked in his Armani tux with emerald studs and cufflinks. His bowtie was black and he tied it masterfully. Mandi watched with fascination. She'd never really had a chance to watch a man get prepared for such an extravagant outing before and Sergio made it look effortless. He certainly didn't need the amount of time that Mandi needed, and she wasn't even particularly high maintenance.

It was now 6:00 and the family's limousine was out in the driveway, waiting for Diedre, Marcel, and their kids, plus Sergio and Mandi to take them to the celebration. It was exciting and everyone looked so happy and excited for the evening, which promised to be special.

Everyone laughed and chatted merrily as they made their way to the St. Regis Grand, where a ballroom had been rented out for the evening. As the limousine pulled up Mandi couldn't believe her eyes. Ornate golden statues adorned the front and the building was perfectly accented by lighting that made it look like it was from a fairytale. That made sense to her because she thought everything seemed like a fairytale anyways.

Once inside the ballroom, things got even more beautiful. There were not rooms that looked like this in New York City, at least that Mandi had seen, and it was incredible to see everyone there, celebrating and enjoying the day. Sergio had also shown his workers what a generous boss he was by closing the factory early that day and getting rooms in the hotel for all the families that were attending. The thought of how much it must have cost made Mandi's head spin because she still couldn't grasp what life as a billionaire was like, although she was starting to get a pretty good idea.

The night started out with an amazing string orchestra playing soft Italian classics while dinner was served, and then moved on into Sergio giving everyone a heartfelt thank you speech for what they'd all done to help ensure that La Bella Donna was a high end name that was taken seriously in the fashion world. Everyone clapped and cheered, and Mandi was sure that she saw a glimmer of a tear forming in Sergio's eyes. He really did care for these people and it was obvious to see that they cared for him too.

All the employees present, which totaled two hundred, were given a token of gratitude from the Leon family too. It was a round gold coin with a 50 on one side and La Bella Donna on the other. Mandi couldn't believe it and she knew enough about gold to see that it was at least 18 carat gold, if not 24 carat, which was pure gold.

A few other people spoke before and after Sergio, but the more lively fun and dancing portion of the night commenced. Mandi and Sergio danced fast and pressed their bodies together dancing slow. It was so much fun, and Mandi couldn't have been happier. Sergio was so attentive to her, always having his hand on the small of her back, which happened to be rather distracting because his touch still sent jolts through her.

So many kind people came up and spoke to Mandi in their best English possible, telling her how much they appreciate and adored Mr. Leon. He'd saved the town and many people's livelihoods; they'd be forever grateful.

Mandi reflected on the words everyone said and she realized what a special man Sergio was. He'd really gained a place in the hearts of these people and he was certainly working toward that with her. All of these intense emotions, and the "arrangement" itself, were less than a week old, but wow-what a difference a week can make.

As midnight drew it was time to end the celebration and go back to Benvenuto. Diedre, Marcel, and the kids had left earlier, but the limousine was back, ready to pick up Mandi and Sergio.

On the way home they talked about what a lovely night it had been. It was perfect. Mandi felt so alive and alert that she didn't think she'd be able to fall asleep even if she wanted to that evening when they got home.

Once Sergio and Mandi were back home and in the bedroom Sergio went over to a small drawer in the desk and opened it up, pulling out a box. Mandi was watching him and sitting on the edge of the chair, stripping off her fancy clothes and preparing to sleep in her favorite pajamas-none.

"I wanted to give you this," Sergio said. Mandi looked at the box and knew it was jewelry. She reached for it and he added, "As a thank you for being the most enticing and wonderful date for such an important occasion in my life."

Mandi opened up the box, now only in her high heels, garters, stockings, and panties, and looked at the necklace. It was absolutely stunning and wonderful. It wasn't a dressy necklace like what you'd wear with a gown like she'd had on that evening. It was unique and more casual, but incredible none the less. Mandi recognized it too because she'd commented on how beautiful it was that day when her and Sergio were shopping. How did he hear her and buy that without her knowing? Talented man.

"It's incredible. Thank you so much," Mandi said. She stood up and leaned in to Sergio, feeling her breasts touching the soft fabric of his tux and kissed him passionately. It sparked an idea in her and before Sergio knew what was going on Mandi was guiding him over to the bed, stripping his clothes off him. She casually flung them to the side until he was lying there naked, and looking deliciously good.

"What's going on here?" Sergio asked, a hint of wicked amusement in his eyes.

Mandi put her finger up to her lips and whispered, "Shhh...just enjoy."

With that, Mandi went down on her knees and began to lick and tease Sergio with her tongue, causing him to groan from surprise and the abruptness of his arousal. As her tongue licked every inch of him she caressed him everywhere, causing him to get even harder. When he was fully erect, Mandi leaned over him and slowly slid down on his cock, taking all of him in. She moved up and down, adding in little surprises and twists with her speed and rhythm that caused Sergio to gasp and make little comments about what he was feeling. Mandi was feeling it too and had never received such great joy from giving oral sex. It was making her wet and the feel of Sergio in her mouth and pressing his thighs against her arm made her build up that familiar feeling that came when an orgasm was about to take place.

Mandi slowly slid her lips up Sergio's cock and began to kiss the treasure trail along his tan body, making her way up. She paused on his chest and gently bit at his nipples. He begged for more and she kept delivering it until she was up by his face. She kissed his earlobes, neck, and then let a gentle kiss linger on his lips.

Sergio flipped Mandi over on her stomach and slid into her from behind, showing that he had to take her and couldn't wait any more. Now it was Mandi's turn to beg. The entire moment was so intimate, so raw, and it was a connection that was different than the other ones. Yes, this was also raw passion, but it seemed that both Sergio and Mandi were giving a bit more of themselves, making the pleasure all that more intensive and the need all the greater.

With one final thrust, Sergio and Mandi exploded together, and it was the perfect end to a wonderful evening.

"That was out of this world," Sergio commented.

"I think my head is spinning," Mandi added.

The two fell asleep lying in each other's arms, not talking about much at all. Mandi didn't know what Sergio was thinking, but she knew that she'd just experienced something that was beyond any emotion she'd ever had before after having sex. It was exhilarating, interesting, and yes, a bit scary too.

Chapter 14

Mandi was ecstatic to find out that the next day when she awoke would be completely devoted to her. Sergio was taking her for some fun and sightseeing. Mandi didn't think that any scenery could disappoint if Sergio was a part of it.

Before leaving, the kitchen staff prepared a picnic lunch for Sergio and Mandi to take with them on their adventures, and per Sergio's suggestion they packed swimsuits, and a few toys to have some fun with.

The weather was awesome and Mandi just sensed that it was going to be an incredible day. First off, Sergio took Mandi to see some of the ruins that were off the beaten path. They were breathtaking and he really surprised her when he pulled out a camera, telling her that he wanted her to model and pose for him. At first, Mandi was hesitant, feeling too bashful to do something like that, but Sergio soon talked her out of it. It took one gentle kiss and a soft, "Please, Mandi." She immediately said yes and didn't mind being an easy sell.

The ruins were beautiful and Mandi was surprised that no one else was around there. They were so interesting and she made a commitment to either sketch them before she left, or find a way to get back to Rome again to sketch them.

By the end of the impromptu photo shoot Mandi was feeling a bit bolder and unbuttoned a few buttons on her linen shirt, making her cleavage stick out just enough to tease. Then she lifted a bit of the shirt's bottom up and showed the muscles from her toned abs. Sergio was laughing and whistling, helping give her all the confidence a woman could ever need to handle anything-even a billionaire ex-playboy.

For lunch, Mandi and Sergio ended up by the olive trees that they'd visited that first day. They meandered down a path to the side of them and found themselves on the beach for their picnic lunch. It was so pretty and they laughed merrily, talking about some of the sillier things they did when they were little. It was great for Mandi to hear about the lighthearted side of Sergio and experience it firsthand. She couldn't have been happier, and Sergio commented to her that he loved the spark in her eyes when she talked about her memories growing up.

"Do you want to throw the football around for a bit?" Sergio asked.

"Is it tackle football?"

"It could be," he answered. "Do you think you can tackle me?"

"I'd like to try," Mandi responded. Without warning or another second's hesitation she went toward him and tried to tackle him down to the ground. He moved out of the way and she fell down in the sand, sending bits of it flying everywhere.

"You're fast, but you'll have to move faster than that," Sergio said. He took off running a short distance away and turned around, throwing the ball while he was in motion.

Mandi surprised him by catching it and throwing a perfect spiral back.

"Very impressive. I can add ball handler to your list of skills, not that I didn't know that," Sergio shouted. His voice carried in the breeze and Mandi smiled at his words, feeling great that she'd delivered him something memorable the night before.

After the football was done they decided to see if the water was warm enough to play around in. Mandi looked around, wondering where she could change into her suit. There was no place around and she soon found out Sergio's next plan. He'd stripped off his shorts and was in the buff, making his way into the water.

"How do you know nobody will show up here?" Mandi asked, moving closer to the water's edge.

"I don't. I'm just taking a risk."

"I have a feeling that your risks work out better for you than mine do for me." Mandi wasn't sure she could handle the embarrassment of being caught skinny dipping, even if the country was more relaxed about those things than the States were.

"I didn't think you were a chicken," Sergio commented. "How disappointing. Oh well." He dove into the waves and came up a few feet further out into the ocean.

Mandi didn't like being called a chicken or thought of as someone who couldn't accept a challenge and in that instant she flung her clothes off and charged in the water, making her way to Sergio.

The two laughed and splashed each other before deciding it was getting late and they may get sun burnt if they were not careful. "Trust me, Mandi. You don't want to have sun burn in some areas. It doesn't feel good at all."

"Speaking from experience I see," Mandi retorted. She didn't want to know who the experience was with because it didn't matter. Besides it wasn't like she was a virgin when this arrangement started.

As Mandi and Sergio rode back to Benvenuto they held hands and watched a glorious sunset taking place. It was one of the most romantic evening she'd ever had even without sex, with Sergio. Mandi was hoping to get to have Sergio for herself for the rest of the night, but that wasn't meant to be. He told her that he had to do some work and would be in his study for the remainder of the night. She was disappointed, but scolded herself for being selfish. She'd seen an amazing side of Sergio that day and she should be thankful. His busy schedule was one thing that she couldn't change.

Chapter 15

Mandi awoke in the morning and felt Sergio lying next to her, still asleep. She wondered when he'd came up to bed and was surprised that she hadn't heard him. The day outdoors having fun must have exhausted her more than she thought.

Instead of getting up or making any noise Mandi turned around and watched Sergio sleeping. She'd never had a chance to study him up close before without him being aware of it. It was nice and when he was asleep he looked as if he didn't have a care in the world. In fact, his lips had a slight smile on them. There was no crease in his eye brow when he was thinking about something big involving business. She also could see his 5:00 shadow, something he usually didn't have. He was always meticulously groomed. His shoulder length hair was a bit wild, making him look all the more inviting to her too. She liked this unkempt side of Sergio; it made him seem more...average, and not just some rich guy who was perfect in every way.

Mandi must have drifted back off to sleep because she woke up to Sergio looking at her. She wondered what he'd thought of his assessment of her, but didn't dare ask. He'd offer it up if he wanted to share it.

"Good morning. I was up earlier and I must have dozed off."

"You are so beautiful when you sleep," Sergio said. He leaned over and kissed Mandi's cheek and caressed under her jaw with his pointer finger.

"I think you have a one up on me when it comes to that," Mandi teased. I hope I didn't talk in my sleep!

"I have an errand to attend to this morning. Would you like to come with me?"

"Sure. What is it?"

"You shall see," Sergio said. Mandi could tell that he took great satisfaction in leaving people hanging and curious. It was quite the switch for her, who preferred structure and to know everything going on. Yet, it was part of what made this time with Sergio exciting. You never knew what you were going to get and that was kind of refreshing.

"I'm not going to let you get to me," Mandi said.

"Darn because you are very fun to get to, Mandi."

Mandi grinned from ear to ear. Sergio was playful and flirty just like yesterday and it was wonderful.

After breakfast they headed toward Rome and Sergio's stop surprised Mandi. He stopped at a toy store that was at the edge of a strip mall and announced, "We're here."

"What's going on?" Mandi asked, completely curious.

"You'll find out. We'll each grab a cart when we get into the toy store, okay?"

"Okay. Are you getting some presents for your cousins or something?"

"No."

Mandi and Sergio walked up and down every isle of the toy store, stopping in sections for all age groups, as well as boys' favorites and girls' favorites for toys. Sergio wouldn't reveal what was going on and only asked for opinions of a certain toy looked fun or enjoyable. Mandi didn't really know much about toys and had only been around smaller children minimally so she didn't know how much help she was, but she did the best she could.

One hour later, Sergio, Mandi, and three toy store employees exited the store carrying bags full of toys out to the car.

"Will you tell me what's going on now?" Mandi asked. Her curiosity was getting the best of her and she couldn't imagine who could possibly need so many toys. There was enough there to cover three Christmas seasons for a large sized family.

Twenty minutes later they pulled up to a stately looking building that reminded Mandi of an ivy league college, or something like that. "We're here," Sergio announced.

Mandi looked over and saw a sign. It read Giovani Cuori Casa. "What does that say, Sergio?" Mandi knew casa was home, but didn't know the other two words.

"Young Hearts Home," Sergio replied. "This is an orphanage that my family has long supported. My great great grandfather had lived here as a young boy."

Mandi's heart swelled up, realizing what Sergio had purchased the toys for. She couldn't believe how kind and generous he was.

"That's amazing. You're amazing," Mandi said, leaning over to kiss Sergio's cheek.

"I do it because I like to. I don't expect anything in return," Sergio commented.

"I don't doubt that one bit, Sergio."

Twenty minutes later, Mandi and Sergio were sitting in a big common room of the orphanage and smiling lovely faces were all looking at Sergio with curious delight. This was going to be one memorable day for them and even more so for Mandi. It was incredible, truly incredible.

After all the toys were handed out one sweet little girl walked up to Sergio. She was too shy to talk, but she handed him her dolly. "Rotto," she said. Her voice was so soft and quiet.

Mandi knew that rotto meant broke. Sergio looked down at her and smiled, taking the doll from the little girl. It was clearly an old doll that was marked up from being dropped, drawn on, and probably squeezed by many a little girl. The part of the doll that was broke was its arm. It kept falling off. Sergio looked at the arm, trying to see what he could do to fix it for the little girl. Mandi could see a gentle determination in his eyes and there was no way he was going to disappoint the angelic face that was watching him so closely.

A bit of the plastic that keeps the arm in the socket was worn down from years of play and Sergio held his finger up to his chin, looking like he was a toy doctor evaluating the problem. He suddenly said, "I have just the perfect idea," and got up and went over to the desk in the corner where the worker was sitting.

Mandi and the little girl both watched him and were both obviously curious as to what he was up to. He came back with a small paper clip and tightened it around the plastic piece that was worn down. Then he carefully put the arm back in the socket and wiggled it around a bit until he was sure the paper clip was securing the arm so it wouldn't fall off again.

The little girl's eyes were so wide as she watched his every move. He leaned in to the doll like it was talking to him and nodded his head, mumbling, "Yes, I see."

"Fisso?" the little girl asked.

"Fisso," Sergio confirmed. He handed the doll to the little girl and told her something in Italian that Mandi didn't understand.

She nodded her head, smiling brightly and lunged toward Sergio to give him a big hug.

Mandi's heart just melted and she wondered how he could not just take every one of these kids home with him. It would be so hard to not want to do that.

Another hour had passed and Sergio and Mandi finally left the orphanage, being bid farewell by happy and lovely children. Sergio had made their day and he'd made Mandi's too.

Sergio had some business to attend to that afternoon and Mandi was very quiet, thinking about what had transpired that morning. It had really touched a part of her in a way that was most unexpected. It was such an intimate scene and one that came from such a genuine place within Sergio. It was so appealing to her and she could just see him doing so many amazing little things just for the joy of it, not for any recognition. It was the sign that he was a good man too, not just a rich man.

That night, Sergio and Mandi sat out on the veranda and enjoyed the unusually warm breeze that was coming off the ocean. They didn't say much, but they just held hands, casually caressing each other's palms with their fingers.

Something inside of Mandi was changing and she didn't know how to describe it. She didn't know if it was love, but it was certainly an emotion that went beyond the parameters of the arrangement.

When Sergio and Mandi finally crawled into bed they started to kiss each other slowly and deliberately. Nothing was rushed and every action, every second seemed to be an expression of a deep emotion and hidden desire.

Mandi and Sergio's lips did not leave each other's the entire time they joined their bodies together that night. It was as if their touch was the lifeline that kept them going strongly and showed just what the other was feeling without words. Their silence was welcomed and it seemed like no words would be adequate to describe the moment. It was a moment of pure unbridled desire to experience everything another person had to offer and take of the gifts of their heart.

As Mandi rested her head on Sergio's chest she could feel the soft pounding of his heart. She could smell the scent of his cologne and sense the depth of his passion for life. Sergio gently caressed Mandi's back with his one hand, leaving a trail of his touch behind her that was accented by the breeze that was still blowing in from the ocean that night.

Eventually, they both fell asleep and Mandi drifted off to thoughts of how completely happy she was and dared to dream about the possibilities of more.

Chapter 16

Mandi had three days left with Sergio in Rome before she had to get back to life at the gallery. She missed her home and New York City somewhat, but she absolutely loved what was going on between her and Sergio across the ocean. Every moment seemed magical and their passion didn't seem to waiver every time they'd approach each other in a sexual manner. Their appetites were insatiable.

Thoughts of the scene at the orphanage and the tender passion of their love making that night never were far from Mandi's thoughts. It had just been such a moving experience and one that exposed the most desirable side of Sergio that there was. Looking at him in a physical sense was obviously desirable, but getting that glimpse into his heart surpassed it by all measures.

Sergio had even stopped doing as much business, only pausing or removing himself on occasion to take a call.

Of course, for Sergio on occasion meant maybe once an hour, but Mandi didn't mind. This was a busy man with a great many expectations on him. He wasn't a slacker and he wasn't a quitter. He followed through with everything he set out to do in his life. Mandi admired that about him and it was the one thing that they were most similar in. Mandi didn't quit either and she had a great sense of priority ingrained in her. That's why she tried so hard with the gallery despite it not being her true passion. It had to be done and if she didn't do her best it wouldn't be acceptable.

Now, Mandi had to question what was the best thing was for her to do with Sergio. She knew that she couldn't keep lying to herself. She'd fallen in love with him and it grew deeper every minute they spent time together and each time they made love. She knew part of that was an initial infatuation and turn-on, but it wasn't the driving force. Her heart was and her other parts just got an awesome benefit from that.

One day Mandi and Sergio were eating a lunch out by the pool and his phone rang. He looked at it and jumped up right away, going to take the call where he was out of earshot. Mandi didn't want to pry, but she couldn't help but notice how Sergio's mannerisms had tensed up when he saw the call. Who was it?

He was pacing around as he talked, putting his free hand into his front pocket and then abruptly taking it out to run his fingers through his hair. He was intense and his chiseled jaw was hardened. There was no smile on his face and Mandi was worried for him, hoping that nothing serious was wrong.

About five minutes later Sergio came back over and Mandi tried to act casual. "Is everything okay?"

"Fine. I'll be back in a minute," Sergio said. Without waiting for a response he bolted into the house, taking long strides.

Mandi looked on the table and saw his phone sitting there. She went into an instant internal debate. Part of her wanted to look and see who he had been on the telephone with, but the other part of her knew that not trusting someone was a bad omen when it came to hopes for a relationship. Damn, it was so frustrating.

There was no one else around and Mandi didn't know where Sergio had gone. Her temptation won out and she grabbed his phone, turning it on. She scrolled down to the recent calls and froze. The call Sergio had just been on was with Olivia. Why the hell was she calling? Mandi couldn't help herself and kept going down the list of recent activity. There were three calls from Olivia on it and Mandi knew for certain that she'd been with Sergio all these times.

Mandi was so mad at herself. She was such an idiot. Sergio still had feelings for Olivia and Mandi was nothing more than a rebound. Yet, it didn't make sense because he was very generous with her and while she was no expert on men she knew enough to see that he had genuine emotions for her. Was he just scared?

Admit it already. You are in love.

Mandi's thoughts were so annoying to her. She was in love and the thought of that being a one way street was too much. She needed to find out how Sergio felt about her and it would require some bold action, the boldest of her life. When would be a good time to tell him she loved him? Only one thought came to mind. The appropriate time would be when they were most intimate. If he felt it he'd have no problems saying it back. After all, that was easier than saying it first, right?

It was impossible to act like nothing was wrong for the rest of the day. Sergio came back, but his casual demeanor had soured and Mandi was so distracted. She ended up telling Sergio that she was going to take a walk down to the beach and do some sketching. He told her that was a good idea because he had some work to get done...something unexpected had come up. Mandi didn't know what he meant by those words exactly, but they suddenly made her feel annoyed and angry. Okay, hurt.

The afternoon of sketching cleared Mandi's thoughts and she was more committed than ever to telling Sergio the three words she had been thinking. She'd never told a man that she loved them first before, but had been on the side of the person hearing it that didn't share the same sentiment. It would be an interesting evening, and to keep the confidence to do it Mandi knew she had to unleash her inner vixen.

By the time night came both Sergio and Mandi were back to their old selves again. They'd had a fun and lively family dinner with everyone, and Marcel had proved to be rather entertaining that night, telling lively jokes and stories from his travels when he was younger. It was helpful to everyone and Mandi wondered if he didn't sense a certain tension between her and Sergio. That supper proved to be the liveliest and most talkative that he'd ever been.

As Mandi and Sergio prepared for bed Mandi mentioned her delight in hearing Marcel's stories that evening. "I didn't know that he could be such a talker."

"He was more chatty than usual and I don't even think it was the hundred year old bourbon doing it either. He really is an entertaining man, but very introspective. That's partly why he is so exceptional at evaluating the systems and operations of the factory. He sees things that others don't."

Was that a hint? What had Marcel seen?

"Guess what I'd like to see?"

"What?" Sergio responded, looking slightly confused.

"You naked...now."

"Demanding."

"I definitely am when I know what I want and right now I want you Mr. Sergio Leon."

"I'm yours for the taking then, if you are going to be insistent upon it."

Mandi went up to Sergio and kissed his chest passionately. He'd just taken his shirt off and he groaned from the unexpected heated kiss on his chest. Her other hand began to unfasten his pants and she slid it into them and under his boxers, caressing his cock and getting it hard. "You have certainly shown me an incredible time in Rome. I never would have thought it would be this amazing."

"Me too," Sergio whispered. That's a good sign, Mandi thought as she kept working Sergio and getting him more aroused.

Mandi needed Sergio on many levels tonight and maybe it wasn't fair to thrust upon him, but she needed to find out what was going on. While her lovemaking and sexual interest was genuine, she was also genuine in knowing that she loved him and sensed he might feel the same way. It was not the time to be a bystander in her life; this was the time to act and she couldn't let herself down.

The dance of seduction continued and Mandi was excited to see that Sergio was such a willing participant and he was so freely giving of himself and his many physical talents. He was feeling her body, searching out the areas that aroused Mandi most and responsive to what she was suggestive of. It was slightly kinky and on the verge of an entirely different kind of passion, but really just an introduction to the possibilities that may come with it.

As Mandi found herself becoming more needy of Sergio's hard-on inside of her she also began to focus on what it was she had to say. A slight part of her wondered if it was fair to pull out all the stops and bring on the full on seduction in order to have the courage to tell someone you loved them. Shouldn't she have been able to just look Sergio in the eyes and say it? She just wasn't that confident, but she needed a gauge to see where they were at, and where they may be going. It wasn't like she was proposing marriage, living together, or anything like that. She was simply wondering how he felt.

Lost in the moment and the titillating pleasure of an orgasm, Mandi realized that Sergio had crawled on top of her and was thrusting into her intensely, pounding in and out like he was playing her like a drum. It was so incredible and Mandi wanted him to play her more...keep her exploding and the passion growing.

And it did.

Sergio was driven and he kept going harder and harder, staring at Mandi closely as she showed that she could not stop the pleasure she was receiving from releasing from deep within her.

"It's coming," Sergio announced as he shot into Mandi, releasing the tension that had been building up in him. "Mandi, you're incredible," he panted.

"I love you, Sergio," Mandi said softly.

In a single instant the intense movements that had been preceding came to an abrupt halt and the air was quiet, except for the heavy breathing. Mandi saw Sergio staring at her, trying to determine if he'd heard her words correctly.

It was only a few seconds in real time, but it seemed like an eternity to Mandi. She was aware that she was staring at Sergio's lips and not into his eyes; just waiting for them to move and mouth back the words she so desperately wanted to hear. Sadly, no I love you came out. Instead he rolled off her and was lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling.

Mandi was devastated and in that instant she knew that she'd crossed the line. Sergio was only interested in an arrangement and she'd been so damn foolish to think it could be more. Aside from intense embarrassment, Mandi also forced herself to admit one other thing. Sergio must still really have strong feelings for Olivia.

The rest of the night was silent. Mandi didn't know what to say and didn't want to talk. It ended up with Sergio giving her a kiss on the cheek like you'd give a grandma, and saying goodnight in a dull and distant voice. If Mandi would have had any place to go she would have snuck out. She didn't sleep well that night, if at all, and had a feeling that Sergio was awake too. Yet, instead of talking about what happened they remained silent, no communication existing between the two of them but a vortex of thoughts swirling in their minds.

Chapter 17

Morning came and Mandi was exhausted and tired. Sergio was definitely acting differently and she couldn't stand it. It irritated her. If he didn't love her-fine, but he didn't have to act like an aloof ass about it.

Mandi knew that she had started this and she wanted to end it. She didn't want Sergio to pull away from her because of what she said. It was time to do some damage control so their relationship, however you would define it, wouldn't just fall apart. The three words, I love you, were apparently powerful enough that they could destroy relationships and make confident men cower in fear.

Mandi walked up to Sergio. He was finishing getting dressed for the day. "Hey, is everything alright?"

Sergio looked at her and you could see the hesitation in his eyes, trying to assess what she may be getting at. "I'm fine, Mandi. Just tired and preoccupied with some things."

Mandi had an idea that she knew what things Sergio was occupied with and knew that it was her fault. She'd told him she loved him too quickly, startling him from what he believed their arrangement was. Suddenly the day of building up confidence to say those words yesterday seemed like one of the most foolish things she'd ever done.

"Sergio...about last night. I'm really sorry. I just blurted it out in a moment of passion. God knows that I'm not ready for something serious and I know we haven't known each other long in a more intimate way for me to really be in love with you. I'm hoping you can just forget about it."

Sergio looked at Mandi and she could see his clenched jaw. He breathed in deeply and put his hands behind his neck. "That's probably for the best. Well, I've got to get going."

"Okay then. Have a great day," Mandi said. She didn't even know what Sergio was doing that day, but it was clear that it involved getting as far away from her as possible. She didn't think she could have felt any worse than she did at that given moment.

Mandi did follow Sergio downstairs because she was ready to eat breakfast. Sergio sat down too and the mood was dull to say the least. The conversation was so dull and mundane that it seemed like they didn't even like each other. Sergio's cousins, Frederic and Angelica, were their saving grace. They were talking about some project they had going on and chattering away animatedly, not aware of the tension between two adults-one hurt and one on the run.

"Well, time for me to go," Sergio said.

"Have a great day. I'll see you later," Mandi replied.

Sergio nodded and headed toward the door, grabbing his keys in the small stand that was in the front entrance foyer. After the front door shut Mandi casually strolled over and peeked out the sidelights of the grand front entrance. There was a group of guys out there and Sergio was laughing and giving enthusiastic handshakes. Mandi peered closer and recognized those guys. They were from the BBBBC. What were they doing here? Probably making sure that Sergio stayed the bachelor. They could thank Mandi for making sure that happened.

Mandi walked out to say hi to everyone, not that she knew them very well, but she just had to do something. She recognized two of them. One was Marshall Kent and the other was Leroy Marston, the one who'd been calling for Mandi at the gallery. She wasn't sure who the third guy was, but immediately realized that Sergio was not all that warm and friendly toward him.

Confidence was one of the big issues with the BBBBC, but Sergio had still managed to tell Mandi a little bit about some of the members. She recalled that Marshall Kent was an actor and had just opened up an indie film company. He was one of those men that was so handsome that they almost seemed plastic. He'd really had quite the interesting life, being raised in foster care and eventually finding out that his father was some eccentric billionaire when he was in his early twenties. He'd inherited a fortune and was the male version of an Annie story in many ways.

Then there was Leroy Marsten. Mandi had thought he was a very good looking guy when she'd met him at the auction, but was so distracted with everything that she hadn't thought much more about it. His sandy blonde hair and blue eyes were so appealing, making him look very playful. He was also very flirty and confident in his ability to claim a woman's heart, Mandi suspected. Why wouldn't he be? He was a self made billionaire after all, pioneering the internet security market at a very young age.

It was the third guy that intrigued Mandi and she didn't have to wait long to find out more. Leroy saw her and immediately went up to her and gave her an affectionate hello. It was far more intimate sounding than what their relationship was, but at that moment she was glad to accept any affection that soothed her stung pride.

"It's so great to see you," Leroy said.

"You too," Mandi agreed.

The unknown guy approached Leroy and Mandi. "So, you are Mandi. I've heard a lot about you." Mandi smiled, not sure what to say. "I'm Benjamin Ferrante. It's great to finally meet you. I've heard quite a bit about you." Benjamin was smiling and Mandi was trying to process that name. Where had she heard it before? She halted. Benjamin was the guy that Olivia had cheated with. No wonder why Sergio was not thrilled to see him.

"It's nice to meet you," Mandi replied. "I've also heard quite a bit about you." She smiled, causing Benjamin to pause for a second. She was a bit shocked at her boldness and protective instincts over Sergio. He certainly didn't need her to do that for him.

Leroy started laughing, almost too much, and Mandi looked at him and winked. She was going to flirt her way to feeling better right now and nothing was going to stop her.

"So, why are you guys here in Italy?" Mandi asked.

"We're here to go to the Venice Film Festival. Marshall has a film entered into it and we're all pretty excited," Leroy replied.

"I'm an investor in the company and definitely curious to see how one of our films competes on this level," Benjamin added. Mandi looked at him and saw that he was more structured and serious than the other guys. He was good looking, but in more of an academic way with his tight features, serious glasses, and poised attitude. He was the exact opposite of Sergio in the sexiness department and Mandi wondered what his draw was to Olivia. Oh, that's right-money.

Sergio and Marshall came up to Leroy, Mandi, and Benjamin to join the conversation.

Sergio looked to Mandi and announced, "Change of plans. We're going to the Venice Film Festival."

Mandi smiled. It was good that Sergio wasn't treating her like poison any more. There was safety in numbers and that must have reassured him that she wouldn't say the toxic words, "I love you," again.

An hour later the five of them were all on Sergio's private jet and heading toward Venice. It would only take an hour or so to get there this way compared to a four and a half hour drive. Mandi could get used to this...for convenience sake if anything.

They all stayed in one penthouse suite that the Leon family owned in Venice and they each had their own room. It stung that Mandi wasn't sharing a room with Sergio, but so be it. This film festival was the creme de la creme and Mandi was going to fully take advantage of the experience. For the second time in one week, Mandi found herself getting very dressed up. This time it could be a more fun and flirty dressy outfit though, not overly formal like the factory anniversary celebration dress requirement had been.

Mandi put the final touches on her outfit and assessed herself in the mirror. She was wearing an ankle length aquamarine silk sheath with a slit up the front center. It clung to every curve of her body and had a strap over one shoulder with a decorative clasp of intricately woven silver on the top of the strap. Small delicate strands of silver thread were woven through the fabric at random and Mandi smiled as she looked at herself. The color reminded her of the ocean and she was its mermaid, ready to go and draw attention. She wore her hair down in loose tendrils that caressed her face and accented her tanned skin. Her heels were some fun sparkly silver ones with open toes and laces that strapped around her ankles. It was classy, fun, and festive. "Venice, here I come," Mandi whispered. Then she walked out into the living room of the penthouse.

There were four men standing there, laughing and talking casually, enjoying a glass of scotch, and they all stopped talking abruptly to look at her. Mandi's cocky confidence suddenly made her feel a bit awkward and thankfully Marshall came up and saved her.

"You look exquisite. I think you should be in one of my films. Ever acted before, Mandi?"

"I'm not too good at acting. If you need someone to handle the business aspect I may be able to help you out," Mandi replied, laughing.

"I just might take you up on that," Marshall said. Then he turned to Sergio and said, "You were very lucky to get auctioned off to such a lovely woman."

"Lucky I was, but I thought you had eyes for my sister, Sophia?" Sergio was looking at Marshall and Mandi saw that he was assessing what was going on. Was he jealous? No, stop thinking you are more to him than what you are.

"I think it would be in poor taste to date the younger sister of one of my very best friends, don't you? Plus, Sophia and Andre are having a rather adventurous time of it lately. Nobody's seen the two apart."

"Really?" Sergio asked. He looked at Mandi. "Did you know that?"

"I had an idea, but it wasn't my information to share."

"Oops," Marshall said, laughing off the fact that he'd just told Sergio that his sister was having some fun with another BBBBCer back home. Mandi saw a spark in his eyes and could tell that he enjoyed creating a bit of drama. That's probably what made him such a good actor and from the sounds of it, director now.

Sergio walked over to Mandi and whispered in her ear softly. "You look absolutely beautiful. I think you could have any man's heart you wish." Then he kissed her cheek softly, sending a shiver down Mandi's spine that she wasn't so sure she was welcoming. It appeared that Sergio was set to be territorial by his friends and she wasn't sure how to respond to that. She didn't want to read into it too much and make any more emotional mistakes that allowed her heart to get trampled on.

* * *

Mandi felt like a queen as she was escorted by four men to the film festival, making people turn their heads to wonder what was going on when they walked down the red carpet. She'd never been involved in such a thing before at this high of a level. Part of her was star struck with the sight of some of her favorite actors and actresses, but she kept her poise, realizing that she was being escorted by celebrity of a different sort-both in the looks and money department. Her dates were considerably wealthier than most of the celebrities there.

In the large banquet room there was assigned seating and full wait staff service, serving the best champagne and appetizers. Everyone was laughing, animated, and excited. It clearly showed that it was a big day.

Sergio hadn't left Mandi's side since they'd arrived at the festival and when he excused himself to take a call Marshall didn't hesitate to slide into his chair. "You and Sergio seem very...intimate."

"We are having a wonderful week," Mandi said, not wanting to bring up the mysteries that were currently surrounding their relationship. She wanted to change the subject. "What I'd like to talk about Marshall is the little conversation that you and Sergio had about Sophia. What's going on there?"

"She's obviously an amazing and lovely woman, but I am in no place to have a serious relationship."

What a surprise, Mandi thought. "Why not, Marshall?"

"I'm quite dedicated to never falling in love again. I got a broken heart once and suffice it to say, it has not mended and part of me doesn't want to forget the pain."

"Rather poetic point of view, isn't it?" Mandi asked.

"That's the way us creative sorts are," Marshall replied. For the next ten minutes the two continued talking away and Mandi found a fun and casual friend in Marshall. He'd dropped his Casanova airs and talked to her like a friend. She appreciated it and saw a really down to earth fun guy under his professional persona.

Sergio was still not back. Mandi wondered if he was talking with Olivia.

Leroy came up to Mandi and Marshall, interrupting their conversation. "Mandi, would you like to take a walk with me outside briefly before we sit down for a few hours watching the artistic lot of the world receive their due credit?"

"That sounds nice," Mandi said. She hoped that she could see Sergio on her way out and find out what was going on. She'd know if he was talking to Olivia by the look on his face and the way he was pacing. I cannot believe how much I've learned his mannerisms in such a short time.

The venue's back patio area was so beautiful and it overlooked the gondolas on the canals of Venice, something the city was renowned for the world over. Mandi sensed that Leroy was watching her closely, trying to figure out what to say. She gave him a break and said, "The canals are every bit as beautiful as people say, aren't they?"

"Yes, they are," Leroy said. He was smiling and acting a bit nervous. "So, how's your date with Sergio going this week?"

"I'm enjoying it a lot," Mandi said. She tried to sound happy, but could tell she didn't pull it off because Leroy looked at her suspiciously.

"That, my dear, was not a very convincing endorsement of your Italian dream date."

"Oh, it's a long story. As things turn out it seems that Sergio and I may end up just being friends after all." Mandi couldn't believe she'd said that out loud. It was embarrassing to her to show that she was acting like a simpering heart and it would probably be embarrassing to Sergio too. Disclosing it to Leroy, who she suspected was quite the playboy, was also unwise.

"And you expected more?"

"I don't know what I expected. It's really not important anyways, is it? We are at the festival and it's a special occasion. Hopefully Marshall's film wins something."

"Let's get back in," Leroy said. "Everything will be starting soon." He placed his hand on the small of Mandi's back and couldn't wipe the smile off his face. Mandi noticed his peculiar expression and wondered what he wanted. It didn't take her long to figure out that she was the target of Leroy's interests...or at least the newest one.

Chapter 18

The ceremonies were long and made Mandi realize that she really needed to see more of these cultural films. She'd only seen a few of them. About halfway through the show the first award that Marshall was eligible to win came up. It was the Best Director award and it was for his documentary Amber Distortion, a riveting story about a power house man who'd reached his decline due to his drinking addiction, ending up homeless.

Everyone was looking up at the emcee with anticipation as they listed who the jury had chosen as the winner of Best Director. They started with the jury prize winner and everyone clapped. Then they announced the Silver Lion Winner and that's when everyone heard the name they hoped they would-Marshall Kent and Foothill Studios for Amber Distortion. The BBBBCers and Mandi all clapped and she was so excited for Marshall that she didn't even hear who won the Golden Lion award

About fifteen minutes later the documentary also won a Golden Lion for cinematography. What a great day for Marshall in his first trip to the festival. Mandi couldn't help but be annoyed by Benjamin's response, who seemed to want to take the credit. If that was what investors were automatically entitled to do Mandi would definitely not work with investors as she branched out into different projects down the road-at least not include Benjamin.

The awards were done and the parties were about to begin. They were all going to be staying for the party at the venue and Mandi was excited to dance and have some fun. She no sooner spun her first step with Marshall, who'd requested the honor, and she nearly fell over. Olivia was standing there. Was she talking with Benjamin though? No. She was hanging all over Sergio, acting like a desperate simpering cad.

Mandi couldn't believe it and Marshall looked at her uncomfortably, not sure what he could say to help eleviate her anger. "If you'll excuse me, Marshall. I have to go ask Benjamin something."

Benjamin was standing in the distance and Mandi saw a man who looked every bit as pained and annoyed as her. "What's going on there? I thought Olivia and you were back together."

"She dumped me about five days ago-again, and without explanation." Benjamin's words were as pained as his eyes.

"You love her, don't you?"

"Yes, but as you can see she doesn't quite feel the same way about me as she does others." Mandi looked at Benjamin and felt just as defeated as he sounded. She desired to go over to Sergio and fight for him, but she didn't have a claim on him either. Sadly, Olivia's was stronger due to their history-which was more than six days long.

The festivities were suddenly sour and there were many different tales unfolding. Marshall was networking with new people, Benjamin was slamming down shots of whiskey like they were water, and Sergio was fighting Olivia off and finally surrendered. The two walked off together. As for Mandi, she never felt so alone and would have given anything to be back home where she was in control of her life and more protective of her heart. Italy definitely didn't end up being the romantic place of potential that she had thought it might be.

Leroy walked up to Mandi and asked if she was okay. She looked at him and didn't have to say a word for him to get her answer. Her eyes were expressing, you are kidding, right?

"Is there anything I can do?" Leroy asked.

"In fact there is. I am ready to be done with this week long date. Do you think you could get me back to Benvenuto to get my things and on a flight to NYC, where life is normal."

"I'm on it. I'm so sorry this has happened to you, Mandi. You don't deserve it," Leroy said. He leaned in and gave her a warm hug. It made her want to cry, but she fought back the tears. No one could see her emotional state, especially Sergio.

Mandi went to the restroom to organize her thoughts and when she came out Leroy was standing nearby. He announced that he had everything ready and they could leave.

"My company's jet is all ready and we'll be stopping by to collect your things and then making way back home."

"Thank you so much," Mandi said and she couldn't have been more sincere either.

"I'm so glad I can help. Sergio is my friend, but he can be a real jerk at times. I don't know what gets over him."

"Yes you do," Mandi said.

"I suppose. Olivia just seems to have some sort of spell over him. It's too bad because she is not a good person, not like you are anyways."

Mandi was aware that Leroy really didn't know her well enough to state that, but she didn't care. She was torn apart and emotionally shredded. Any kind words were welcome.

Chapter 19

Mandi walked up to Benvenuto, praying that it would be vacant. She didn't think she could bare to see everyone's faces. They had all been so kind and inviting to her and now she was trying to sneak out like a thief in the night to avoid any additional awkward moments.

She made it to her room with only having to say hello to some of the servants that were bustling around, cleaning and doing their other tasks. She quickly packed up her single bag and didn't put anything in there aside from what she'd left for Italy with. The last thing she wanted was the things that Sergio had bought for her, including the beautiful butterfly necklace. They made her feel trampy and were painful reminders of what she had thought was an amazingly special day.

Leroy waited down in the foyer for Mandi and as she made her way downstairs she ran into Diedre. "Mandi, where you are going?"

"I'm sorry. I've had an emergency and I have to get back to New York. Leroy was kind enough to help me because Sergio was...wrapped up in something."

Diedre gave a knowing smile, but let Mandi's excuse pass without question. She hugged her closely and said she was welcome back any time, with or without Sergio.

"Thank you so much. You're welcome to visit me in New York City too, although my place is certainly not even a fraction of this place."

"Bigger isn't always better," Diedre said. Mandi laughed and turned to walk out of the door and out of Sergio's family home forever. She couldn't leave soon enough.

Forty-five minutes later, Leroy and Mandi were on his jet and making their way back to New York City. Mandi was exhausted and sat there, somewhat quietly, drinking a glass of wine and trying to erase all thoughts of Sergio from her mind. The ones of Olivia hanging on him were painful, but not as much as the ones of them getting alone so well-seemingly connecting on a deeper level than what the "arrangement" had allowed for.

Leroy was a perfect gentleman on the flight and talked freely to Mandi, sharing stories of his life with her. She talked about her past a bit, her mother's death, and the gallery-a topic they both had in common. He mentioned how he still planned on visiting the gallery and purchasing some art work from Mandi. Honestly, Mandi thought he was going to follow-up with a date offer for after, but he didn't do anything like that. He was there for friendship and to help her feel better. She was so grateful for him doing that and it meant so much to her. She'd been duped and fooled...actually felt like she was a fool more than she'd been fooled.

Mandi dozed off for a bit and was glad that she didn't drift off into any compromising dreams like she had on the flight to Italy with Sergio. Her head was resting against Leroy's shoulder and he was also sleeping. They both awoke to the announcement that they'd be landing at JFK in twenty minutes and were starting their dissention. Mandi looked down at her iPhone and it was 2 in the morning.

"That went fast, considering," Mandi said.

"It did. Good company like you always helps a long tedious flight," Leroy said.

Mandi looked out the window, happy to be back on the familiar turf of New York City. She was eager to blend into the landscape and become an anonymous person and heal her heart.

By the time Leroy and Mandi got back to her flat they were wide awake and Mandi invited him in for some coffee. He'd been so kind to her. Leroy accepted and she unlocked her door, gesturing for him to go in.

It didn't take long for Leroy to show Mandi what was on his mind on a bit more personal level. He gently placed his hands on her face and caressed it softly. Mandi looked at him in his beautiful blue eyes and saw his emotions clearly expressing themselves.

"I haven't thought of any woman since I met you last week at that auction. It just about killed me when you bid on Sergio. I would have bid anything to win a date with you."

"Oh," Mandi said. Her heart was racing and she was at a loss for words.

"Sergio is so lucky and he doesn't deserve you. You deserve better. You deserve someone who sweeps you off your feet and keeps you flying high." With those words Leroy leaned in and kissed Mandi softly and passionately. It was intense, but not rushed. It was one hell of a fabulous kiss in fact.

Mandi wanted to resist, but couldn't find the words to do so. She's been so run down and the roaming hands of Leroy traveling up and down her spine, suggesting things to her body that she didn't want to admit were there, was exhilarating.

Leroy took Mandi's hand and led her over to her couch and laid down, guiding her down on top of him. Their bodies were pressed together and Mandi didn't want to stop him now. She wanted Leroy to do whatever it was he did that would make her forget Sergio and the sights of Olivia clamoring all over him. She wanted to be swept away and made whole again. What happened tomorrow didn't matter. It was what was happening right now that gave her promise...promise that she would be okay when this was all said and done.

"You are every bit as delicious as I thought you'd be when I first saw you," Leroy whispered. He was tracing his tongue down Mandi's neck and nuzzling her collar bone. It was so sensuous, she let a moan escape.

He gently rolled her over on to her side and took his free hand and began unbuttoning her shirt. Mandi longed for him to free her breasts, touch them, and kiss them passionately. The feel of his lips burning on her was so liberating, giving her the assurance she needed. "So beautiful, so very beautiful," Leroy mumbled. "I haven't stopped thinking of wanting you since you were snatched from me at the auction."

"Don't stop," Mandi urged.

"You're like a piece of art, perfectly sculpted and something that I long to collect, to own. Can I have you?"

Mandi was ready to scream out yes, but was stopped.

"Not unless you want a fight," a voice shouted out. Mandi jumped up and saw one furious Sergio standing at her front door, which she'd obviously forgotten to lock.

Chapter 20

Sergio must have decided that he didn't want to wait for an answer from Leroy. He preferred the fight and he charged up to him in long strides and grabbed him by the shirt, whipping him down from the couch.

Mandi was speechless and suddenly felt so awkward, quickly buttoning up her blouse. Part of her wanted to protest Sergio's arrogance at what he'd just done. Was he playing games with her?

Leroy got up and lunged toward Sergio, but was too slow. Sergio delivered a jab to his nose and sent him reeling backward. He landed in the leather chair and didn't move again. Sergio had knocked him out cold.

"What the hell are you doing?" Mandi demanded. She's suddenly found her voice and was angry at the gall that Sergio had busting into her place and trying to control what she did.

Sergio didn't answer her. Instead he grabbed her by the wrist and said, "Come on. I need to talk to you."

"There's nothing to talk about. The week's over, and our arrangement's over. You chose Olivia and I'm moving on with Leroy. There's nothing wrong with that and I can handle it."

Sergio began to pace around. His fists were still clenched and you could see the rage in his eyes, as well as the desire to hit something. He began to talk in a very controlled tone to Mandi. "Everything is wrong with what you said, Amanda." Full name? What the hell...does he think he's my parent?

"Like what?" Mandi asked. She was staring at Sergio and not backing down from the anger that she was feeling too. He'd messed with her so bad the past few days and she wasn't about to let him off the hook about it.

"Because you and I are...we are..." Sergio began.

"Friends with a fuck arrangement. That's what we are and you made it clear on the way to Italy and by the end of my time there too. I get it." Mandi was shaking and adrenaline had helped her bitter words escape her lips.

Sergio paused and looked at her. He'd never seen Mandi acting that way before or being so intensely angry. "Really?" he asked. "You said you loved me."

"I told you that was a mistake, some sort of emotional high from an intense sexual encounter. If you recall I also told you that and that it would never happen again."

In a swift change of emotion, Sergio pulled Mandi in closely and was so close that their noses were practically touching. "Why won't it happen again?" Then Sergio took his hand and slid it into her jeans and under per panties. He started to stroke her urgently, reaching her clit and making her lose her train of thought. "You don't want this?" he teased, massaging her masterfully and making her nipples harden from his seductive touch.

"Sex is different than love," Mandi countered, but her argument was weak because she was so responsive to Sergio at that moment. If he kept going she would orgasm without a doubt and there was nothing she'd be able to do to stop it-even if she wanted to. Mandi knew she didn't want to.

Sergio continued talking and fingering Mandi, showing how capable he was of multitasking and persuading others to get what he wanted. "Do you want this with me or are you going to give it all up?"

"I..." Mandi said, suddenly shuttering and climaxing.

"See you need me, you want me. Tell me, Amanda. Tell me you need me," Sergio said. "If you do I'll stay. I'll be more than your fuck buddy. I'll be whatever you want me to be. I need you in my life. I want you in my life."

In another explosive burst Mandi climaxed once again and shouted out. "I want you with all my heart. I love you and I do want this!"

Mandi was afraid to look Sergio in the eyes after saying that again. It might have been the dumbest thing she'd ever done...unless Sergio had finally realized he may love her too.

"Look at me," Sergio said.

Mandi looked up and stared into Sergio's eyes, prepared to hear whatever he had to say. "Thank you." Well, thank you is a start, Mandi thought.

Sergio guided Mandi to her couch and unzipped his pants, allowing his erection to spring out. It was huge and he laid her back and entered her, pounding in and out of her with more vigor than he ever had before, riding her passionately until they both released together.

Then Sergio picked Mandi up and began to carry her up the loft stairs to where her bedroom was. She tried to protest, starting to doubt if she'd done the right thing. "But you and Olivia," she said.

"Over."

"Again?"

"For good. I once thought I loved her, but she's manipulative and sly. She doesn't have the potential to be loving, faithful, or loyal to anyone. She's all about her."

"You just let her kiss you in Venice and then you left together."

"I didn't let her kiss me. She just snuck one off. Then she told me that she had something important to tell me and asked for some privacy. What choice did I have? She is the type of girl to make a scene."

"And what was so important?" Mandi asked, realizing that she was still naked in Sergio's arms while putting him through an inquisition on his ex.

"She told me that she is pregnant and the child's mine," Sergio commented.

Mandi squirmed for him to set her down. He acted like that was not a big deal, but it definitely was to her. It was a significant complication in an already complicated situation. "Do you think it is?"

"No, I don't. The time doesn't add up and she was with Benjamin during that time anyways. She's still convinced that it is during a time that I made a poor judgment call."

"What did you do?"

"We hooked up for a weekend. I'd been confused and was just trying to do anything to get her back," Sergio said. He looked embarrassed at the thought of having to disclose such a vulnerability to Mandi, but she didn't actually mind. It made him seem a bit more emotionally attached, kind of like that day at the orphanage.

"What's the plan for finding out?" Mandi asked. She knew there were many ways to find this out quickly and quietly; however, she didn't know if it could be done before a child was born. That's what concerned her.

"She's agreed to get testing and apparently the oby-gyn can do it once she's twenty-four weeks along."

"How far away is that?"

"Still one month."

"What will you do if she is pregnant with your child, Sergio?"

"I'll do what's right by the child and Olivia, but I won't marry her. They will be well provided for and I will have a relationship with my child."

"What does that mean for us, for our chance?" Mandi asked. That was the big question and it may have been too early to ask it, but she felt she had to.

"I don't know for certain, but there is one thing I do know. I want more than this stupid arrangement. I want to be lovers and if I were to have a child today I'd want it to be yours, not Olivia's."

"So, there is still an us?" Mandi asked, realizing they were still standing on the top of the loft stairs having a very serious conversation.

"I hope so. I've always been aware of you and attracted to you in a certain way. I hadn't thought much about it because I didn't see you for so long, but when I saw you that night of the auction I was immediately drawn to you-quicker than I've ever been drawn to anyone before. It caught me off guard and it scared me. Then when you said you didn't want a relationship..."

Mandi quieted Sergio with a kiss. She didn't want to go there again and relive that moment. There's been so many great ones and that one certainly wasn't.

"No, let me finish," Sergio said. Mandi smiled and looked at him, waiting for him to continue. Her arms were wrapped around his neck and she didn't want to let go. "It didn't take long for me to realize how much I could love you this week. You are one of the most incredible women I've ever met and make me feel happier and more relaxed than I've ever been before. I can't have enough of you. When I'm not with you, I think of you, and when I'm with you, I want to be wholly consumed by you. I can't concentrate on work. I just want to spend all my time with you, be with you, sleep with you, eat with you, shower with you, and of course, make mind-blowing love with you. I'm out of control, and it's not like me. It's scary."

"I'm scared too. This is new territory for me, but I don't want to resist exploring where this can lead."

Mandi leaned in and kissed Sergio, sealing the deal that they were going to give this relationship a go and deal with any obstacles that may come their way together-even the possibility of Olivia being pregnant with Sergio's child.

Chapter 21

Between jet lag, the emotionally charged Italian vacation, and the gallery Mandi was busy. It took her a full week to get back in the groove of things, but she couldn't have been happier. Sophia had found that she really liked working at the gallery and decided to stay on, which was great for Mandi. She could see her best friend more and have some relief for the part of her day that really excited her-Sergio's visit.

Sergio was so attentive to Mandi, making sure he devoted time to her each and every day. With that came endless passion and intimate moments that rocked both their worlds, leaving them breathless and so happy. It was hard to believe that their relationship was only a few weeks old because Mandi and Sergio were so connected. They naturally understood how each other thought about things and were very alert to their surroundings. They've known of each other through Sophia for so long, that becoming lovers and getting intimately close so fast seemed natural.

One morning Sergio came over to Mandi's and surprised her. She hadn't been thinking she was going to see him until later that evening, but such wasn't the case. She welcomed him in happily, immediately longing to feel his body pressed against hers. Sergio didn't mind either and before long the two ended up in her bed, their limbs entwined around the others and feeling the intense sensations that came from an orgasm that was mind numbing.

"What a great way to start my day," Mandi said, grinning sexily and looking at Sergio with her messed up hair tousled about her face.

Sergio leaned in and tucked a strand of hair behind Mandi's ear, caressing her cheek afterwards. "I couldn't agree more. This is how every day should start."

"Good plan. I'm game if you are, Sergio."

"I'll warn you though. This type of morning exertion makes me rather hungry. I'm craving pizza now."

"Pizza?" Mandi questioned.

"Yes, pizza. In fact, I think I'm going to take the day off to go and enjoy some pizza. You should join me," Sergio replied. His smile was mischievous and playful, practically irresistible by Mandi's standards.

"I'd love to, but I have so much to do at the gallery. There are appointments, a tour..."

Sergio interrupted Mandi and pressed his finger gently on her lips. She began to kiss it, pretending it was another extension of his body, and he tried to get out what he had to say despite the distraction of the sensual gesture. "Trust me. You won't want to miss this pizza. It's heavenly-the best in the world."

"What about the gallery?"

"Sophia is in today and I'm sure she's highly qualified to deal with all the clients that have appointments or questions."

"True...better qualified than me. Okay Sergio, you convinced me. I'm in!"

"Good because your bag is packed, mine is packed, and the limousine is waiting downstairs," he said. His smile was huge, knowing that he'd just confused Mandi and the curious look on her face was absolutely endearing.

"Where are we going for this pizza?"

"It's a neighborhood that's a bit far away from here, that's all. You'll just have to trust me. You do trust me, right?"

"Right," Mandi said. She leaned in and hugged Sergio tightly and then sprung up. "Oh my gosh. I've got to get ready. I look like a mess and can't just go out with that I just had mind blowing sex look on me."

"Why not?"

"A girl has to have some secrets." With that Mandi jumped up and hustled around starting to get ready. Mandi kept smiling at Sergio watching her as she got ready. He looked so relaxed and casual to her. It was nice to see and as if he didn't have a care in the world.

A half hour later Sergio and Mandi were at the airport hangar where he kept his jet and saying hello to the same flight crew that she'd met just a few weeks earlier. Mandi looked at Sergio and asked, "We're having pizza in Italy?"

"You know that's my favorite and the best I ever had. I've been craving it so I thought why not go and have some. What's the point of having this jet and all my money if I don't take advantage of some of the perks that come with that."

"You must be on a mission to be the eccentric billionaire," Mandi joked.

"I have a stronger preference for the mile high club," Sergio offered. Mandi took the hint and the two decided to go and get some rest during the flight.

Once they were free to take their seatbelts off, Mandi and Sergio made their way back to the bedroom of the jet.

"You may be craving pizza, Sergio, but I am craving something else," Mandi said. She looked at Sergio and startled to strip her clothes off slowly. Her eyes were on his the entire time and she enjoyed watching his response to the little strip tease. Sergio wanted her and that made her all the hornier for him.

After Mandi was naked she took off Sergio's clothes and laid them gently on the chair in the corner so they wouldn't wrinkle. She had jeans, a t-shirt and sandals on so she was good to go with her clothes being on a heap on the floor.

Sergio was sitting on the edge of the bed naked and Mandi slowly caressed all his bulging tan muscles with her hands as she made her way down to her knees to take his delicious length all in and began to suck on him passionately. He felt so good in her mouth and she knew Sergio felt good too because his hips were slowly moving forward, trying to get as much of the sensation of her warm mouth as possible on his growing erection.

When Sergio was really hard Mandi slid up and straddled herself on top of him, guiding him into her and began to move back and forth. She held herself up by placing her hands on his shoulders and moved back and forth on him. Every time she slid him further into her she could feel the sensation of the climax that was starting to build and when she moved back out she'd swivel her hips, adding a special little twist to the move that completely turned Sergio on.

Finally, Mandi couldn't hold it any longer and her climax exploded, causing her to arch her back and shudder from the intensity of her passion for Sergio. Just as she was finishing Sergio also exploded. The two looked at each other and started laughing with giddy joy. It had felt so good and the euphoric feeling that came whenever they consummated their intense feelings for each other was an experience unlike any other.

"What is it about flying that makes you so horny?" Sergio asked. He added that he wasn't complaining then.

"I don't know. I don't think it's the flying as much as the company."

"Well, I'm glad you had that dream when we first went to Italy so I had a clue as to just how damn sexy and incredible you were sexually. Firsthand experience is always better than just imagining, don't you think?"

"Well, my imagination took me pretty far in that dream," Mandi commented, laughing. She wasn't embarrassed about that incident any longer.

Mandi and Sergio laid in the bed, trying to get some rest and talk. They found that they were easily distracted by their longing for each other though and ended up adventuring off into sexual pleasures that they never seemed to get tired of. It was a wonderful flight and it was made even better when Sergio told Mandi something that he'd found out recently.

"Guess what I found out yesterday?" Sergio asked.

"What?" Mandi was wrapping a strand of Sergio's hair in her finger and gently wrapping it up. She was feeling very playful.

"Olivia is not pregnant after all."

That got Mandi's attention and she shot up. "No? Did she lose the baby?"

"No," Sergio said. "She lied about the baby."

"That's so conniving."

"She had to come clean when it didn't work and I told her we'd never be together."

"Wow, that's really low, but I'll admit. It's great news. I'd have been very supportive of you if you had a child, but I wasn't so excited about having to deal with Olivia. She makes my skin crawl," Mandi said. She was the sort of person who preferred to find the good in people, but no matter how hard she'd tried she couldn't find any good in Olivia. Maybe she was biased, but aside from being beautiful she couldn't come up with anything else that seemed to be a redeeming quality. Lying about a child cemented that.

"It feels great to have that chapter of my life done with. On to a new one and certainly a more exciting one," Sergio said. He leaned in to Mandi and a ring sound out through a speaker in the bedroom. They were getting ready to descend and Sergio and Mandi would have to go back out to their seats.

The landing was smooth and an hour later they were at Benvenuto, making their way up to Sergio's room and saying their hello's to everyone. Suffice it to say that everyone was surprised to see them too. Sergio hadn't let them know he was coming.

Then it was time for a shower and getting ready to go have that pizza that Sergio had been craving. After knowing she was going to have it again, Mandi also wanted it so she didn't mind. It was fantastic, after all.

Mandi walked out from a hot steamy shower and paused. There was a table set up in the room with pizza on it, a single red rose in a vase in the center, and a bottle of red wine corked and breathing. It looked wonderful and she smiled, taking in the surprising scene. How did Sergio get that all done so quickly? It was incredible.

Sergio walked back into the room and stared at Mandi, who looked absolutely beautiful in her silk bathrobe, which tied at the waist and revealed her sexy legs.

"Are you hungry?" Sergio asked.

"I am hungry. It smells so good. This is incredible, Sergio."

"I have something I need to talk to you about before we eat," Sergio said.

He suddenly looked nervous and that made Mandi feel a bit nervous too. She couldn't imagine what he had to tell her.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Why don't you sit down first."

"Okay," Mandi said. Sergio guided her to the edge of the bed and sat her down. Then he knelt one knee down on the floor and leaned in toward her.

She was staring at his eyes, trying to read them and see what was going on, so she didn't see his one hand pull out something from inside his pocket.

Sergio placed the deep blue crushed velvet box in front of him so Mandi could see it and slowly opened the top. Mandi was staring with wide and curious eyes, not able to say a word. Her heart was pounding and now her hands were shaking as much as Sergio's. Inside that box was a beautiful diamond ring and she could tell that it was very old. It was a square cut with small diamonds surrounding it and absolutely amazing-the most beautiful ring she'd ever seen.

Sergio licked his lips and took her hands in his. "Mandi, I love you so much and I am hoping that you will make me the luckiest man in the world and marry me. Will you?"

Mandi's eyes swelled up and she couldn't contain her excitement. The answer was easy. She shouted out , "Yes," and lunged toward Sergio, kissing his face passionately and toppling him over to the ground.

He laughed and then asked if he could put the ring on her finger before he got distracted with anything else. Mandi shook her head and extended out her left ring finger. Sergio slid the ring on and Mandi assessed its beauty upon her still tanned skin.

"It fits perfectly," she said.

"As it should because you are perfect for me," Sergio replied.

Epilogue

Preparing for the wedding was an incredible and busy experience for Mandi and Sergio. He'd given her carte blanche for everything she wanted to do and that was spectacular, but Mandi wanted this day to be amazing for both of them.

There was only one option for a place to have the wedding and that was Italy, and in specific, on the grounds of Benvenuto. There couldn't possibly be a more beautiful venue and the weather was absolutely gorgeous. It was a very warm October, nearly 85 degrees, and the leaves on the trees were starting to change colors. It was more beautiful and enchanting than a fairytale wedding could ever hope to be.

The wedding was a small affair with the Leon relatives and Sergio and Mandi's closest friends. Mandi wore a custom wedding dress which La Bella Donna had made for her, working endless hours to get it done on such short notice. She looked absolutely enchanting in it with its straight sleek lines, white sateen ivory and small emerald colored embellishments about it. A dress that came close to being as beautiful as the bride.

When Sergio and Mandi stood upon the alter that had been constructed in the back yard, overlooking the ocean, they stared at each other, showing just how right this moment was they joined vows in front of some of the most special people in their lives.

Sophia stood close by Mandi because she was her maid of honor, and Angelica was a junior bride's maid. Marshall was to the side of Sergio playing the role of best man.

After the vows were exchanged a fun day of celebration commenced, starting with traditional Italian music to dance the afternoon away to and a more formal dinner, followed by a DJ that would carry the guests through the evening until they were driven to the hotel they were staying at in town.

Even Olivia couldn't ruin the moment when she tried to crash the party. The men of the BBBBC gladly offered to hold her at bay so she wouldn't be given the opportunity to ruin Mandi and Sergio's special day. Eventually she gave up on destroying Sergio's happiness and asked Leroy to go get Benjamin for her. Benjamin went to Olivia and the two took off together, neither returning to Benvenuto.

As Sergio laughed with his friends from the BBBBC that day they were delighted to tease him about having to be kicked out of the club. After all, he wasn't a bachelor any longer. Marshall was the worse and took great delight in reminding everyone how he'd be a bachelor forever, the longest lasting legacy of the BBBBC. He savored his bachelorhood, but nothing showed how much he honored the thought of marriage between two people who were meant to be together more than when he gave his best man's speech:

It isn't every day that two people can find love and just know that it is meant to be. It changes everything and in one instant you swear off what you always believed would be your destiny and embrace the beautiful road ahead...the road that is traveled with someone you love so much and will not accept living without.

Today we have all laid witness to such a grand love. Sergio and Mandi show all of us that there is no need for good luck when you find the person you want to be with. It all aligns and is instantly beautiful and brilliant.

Everyone clapped at Marshall's speech and there were many tears flowing. Sergio and Mandi stood up and Sergio swept her down and kissed her passionately in front of everyone, making the cheers and claps grow louder. As for Marshall, he walked off to the side with a big smile upon his face and walked off with two beautiful women, one on each arm.

The next order of events was tossing the bouquet and Mandi smiled as she looked at all the eager faces there, hoping they'd get it. Diedre spun Mandi around three times and she opened her eyes and looked down at her bouquet of white lilies and raised her arms up to toss it over her head. She didn't even have time to turn around when she heard a scream of delight. Mandi knew in an instant who caught that bouquet-Sophia. She turned around and gave her best friend a thumb up and all the boys from the BBBBC looked to Andre, chanting "Another one bite's the dust."

Sergio leaned over to Mandi and suggested that they get their honeymoon started. She couldn't have agreed more. The jet was waiting and the beautiful island of Turks and Caicos was calling their name.

"I can't wait to get you all to myself again," Sergio whispered. "Now that I'm no longer a bachelor, I'm wondering who else from the BBBBC will bite the dust next."

Mandi looked over at the handsome bachelors standing in tuxes sharing jokes, talking about the latest acquisitions, sports, hobbies, and even their carefree bachelors lifestyle. "Beats me," she said smiling. "It has to take someone special to lure one of you away from the group. I wonder who will that be and which one of your friends will remain the last one to get married."

"It would take someone special to do that," said Sergio. "Perhaps you know a friend for one of them?"

Mandi looked at Sophia, dancing with Andre, and thought. Yes, there was one friend of theirs that would be perfect for one of the BBBBC guys. Now, it's just a matter of playing matchmaker.

