Chapter 1

Dr. Emily Carson drove silently to her veterinary clinic in Baldwin, Colorado. The overcast skies, the light drizzle, and the rhythm of the wiper blades helped make the drive from her small apartment on the west side seem longer. Even though the death of her only surviving relative was expected, it didn't make anything easier.

Mick Lander had already arrived and was setting up the office at Baldwin Veterinary Clinic for the busy day that lay ahead when Emily pulled up in her slightly rusting Ford Explorer. With Mick's six foot stature, auburn hair, and blue eyes, he could have easily been part of the Carson family. He had been in practice with her for a year and treated the twenty-nine-year-old like a kid sister. Mick had known Emily since she was twelve, and he was twenty when he was hired by her grandfather to help run a small trail riding business. The smiling, bubbly, and happy woman he knew so well was absent this dreary morning. He could tell she'd been crying and hadn't gotten much sleep.

"Hey, Em. How're you holding up?"

"I hate this. I hate all of it." Emily stifled a sob as soon as she felt Mick's arms wrap around her.

"You didn't have to come in today."

"Mick, I just needed one of your hugs. I have to go to Jason Montgomery's office for the reading of my grandfather's will. I didn't even know he had cancer until three months ago. Why didn't he tell me?"

"He probably didn't want you worrying about him. Do you want me to come with you?"

"Thank you for the offer but I'll be fine. Besides, you have to stay here at the clinic. Tomorrow's Saturday, one of our busiest days. I'll be fine, I promise."

"Call me when you get to Clarkston, okay?"

"I will. I'll be back as soon as I can. I have to figure out what to do with his belongings and get most of the land designated as a nature preserve. We've talked about it for years."

"Drive safely, Em, please. And if you need my help with anything, you call me." Emily smiled and squeezed his hands. Mick hugged her one last time as she headed out the door.

The funeral had been small for Emmitt Carson, but his closest friends attended. At least he isn't sick anymore. Watching his health fail for the last few months of his life wasn't easy for Emily. Being diagnosed with advanced leukemia at age seventy-eight gave him poor odds. Losing her grandmother to a heart attack, her parents to a house fire, and now her grandfather, left her alone in the world. Emmitt had taken care of Emily since she was ten and, in her eyes, he was the sweetest man to ever walk the earth. He always provided for her while he went without. Watching the large man dwindle away to nothing had been excruciating.

She found the small corner law office of Jason Montgomery easily enough. Driving the hour and a half into Clarkston sucked up the last of her energy. It all comes down to this. Sitting in a chair and being given someone's worldly possessions. At least she could stay in the old house and visit the land from time to time. That was one way she could still feel close to him. Going to his grave just wasn't an option. She buried him in the family plot, another reminder that she was alone.

Jason Montgomery's office was comfortable. He wasn't a rich man, dealing mostly with estates, but did well enough. The short, stocky man with gray hair stood up to greet Emily, softly shaking her hand.

"It's nice to meet you, Emily. I just wish the circumstances could have been more pleasant. Once again, I'm very sorry for your loss."

"Thank you, Mr. Montgomery."

"Please, call me Jason. Are you ready to begin?"

Emily nodded and then quietly sat in the soft, cushioned chair in front of Jason's desk. She took a deep breath. She hoped this wouldn't take long or cost too much money. Emily was still paying off student loans and the business loan that she and Mick had taken out to start the clinic. The funeral had put a large dent in the bulk of her savings.

"Your grandfather wanted me to give this letter to you at the time of his death. I'll leave for a few minutes so you have some privacy to read it." Jason handed her a sealed envelope that had her name scrolled on the front in her grandfather's writing.

My dearest Emily,

I'm sorry that my time with you had to come to an end. I want you to know that I'll always be with you and watch over you. I wish I could have helped make your life easier, financially. As my life was drawing to a close, I was more than aware that I had nothing to give.

We had talked for years about keeping my fifty-thousand acres as a nature preserve, but I also wanted to leave you a little something to take the financial burden off your shoulders. I wish I could have paid for your education, but the small amount of money I had never gave me that opportunity. Now, in my passing, I can do that.

I met a wonderful man who owns a large corporation called Davis Enterprises. He purchased my land and promised to keep it as a nature preserve. I'm sure you'll find the amount of money quite helpful to you.

Please understand why I had to do this. Don't be sad over my death. I'm in a better place. With this money you'll have a new start in life and hopefully live debt free.

I will always love you.

Grandpa Emmitt

Emily sat there, dumbfounded. Jason startled her when he opened the door and walked back in the room.

"My grandfather sold the land?"

Jason smiled and pulled the will out of the desk drawer. He began to read while Emily didn't listen.

"Would you just like me to summarize it for you? I'll give you a copy."

"Yes, please." Emily felt herself become nauseated.

"Your grandfather wanted to keep your wishes in regards to the use of the land. I wasn't aware he was selling his property, or I would have stopped it. He sold the land for five million dollars, and here's the check. Davis Enterprises never put the nature preserve in the documents. After doing some research, I found out that they plan on building a large airport there and developing the rest of the property."

"He...sold...the...land..."

"Emily, he wanted to leave you a little something. He had the best intentions at heart. Though I wish I would have known about this transaction and had the chance to review the documents. What Davis Enterprises pulled was quite unforgivable. I don't know if you heard me, but they aren't going to make it a nature preserve."

"Airport. They're going to build an airport on land that has been in our family for generations."

"I'm afraid so."

"I'll throw this check in their faces. I want our land back!" Emily stood up as her shaking hands were trying to stuff the papers back in the envelope.

"Davis Enterprises is one of the largest real estate developers in the world. I don't think you're going to get anywhere. These documents are legal."

"What they did was play on my grandfather's heartstrings, knowing he had a limited time to live!"

"Emily, where are you going? I don't think it's a good idea for you to be driving while you're this distraught."

"Distraught? I'm not distraught...I'm pissed! Send me the bill. I have a flight to catch."

"Don't tell me you're going to New York."

"Yes I most certainly am. They aren't getting our land."

"I'm sorry, Emily, but they already own it."

"I don't even have my grandfather's belongings out of the house. How dare those ruthless bastards!" Emily stormed out of the office and headed towards the airport. Airport!"

When Emily calmed down enough, she called Mick back at the clinic.

"Hey how are you?"

"Mick, some real estate developer got their hands on my grandfather's land. All of it!"

"What the hell happened?"

"They took advantage of a dying man, that's what happened. They're going to turn it into an airport. How could someone do that?!"

"Emily, calm down. We'll think of something. I'm sure they screwed up someplace."

"Jason Montgomery said it was all legal. They stole that land for five million. They'll have our property over my dead body. I'll be gone a little longer than Monday. Will you be okay?"

"Of course, Em, take as much time as you need." His heart was breaking for his friend.

"There're heirlooms in that house! I can't believe this..."

"Is that where you're going now?"

"No. I'm going to fly out to New York and visit the little scumbags who stole my grandfather's property."

"Those sharks are pretty vicious, Emily. Please be careful."

"I'll talk to you soon, Mick." Emily hung up the phone and looked down at her clothes. She lived in jeans, t-shirts, and hiking boots. She was used to traveling to farms and treating large sick and injured animals, not busting into corporate offices. She'd have to get some clothes that told the tale of a woman who meant business.

Emily pulled over into a parking lot and called the airport. There was a flight leaving at three that afternoon. She'd have time to get to her apartment, dig in her closet, and make her flight.

Emily walked in the door and past her kitchen table littered with bills. Some were paid, some weren't. She dragged a suitcase out and set it on the bed. Making her flight would be easy. Finding appropriate attire, however, would not be.

She was the owner of four nice outfits: a six-year-old white sundress, a lavender skirt and blouse from her graduation, a navy blue dress she'd worn at her grandpa's funeral, and a black suit that she purchased for ten bucks during a sidewalk sale three years ago. Out of the four, the black suit was going to have to be it. Luckily, her purse she carried every day was black.

The hot shower felt good even though it was quick. She put her long auburn hair up so she'd look more professional and then added a hint of makeup, which made her blue eyes stand out. Everything was going good...until she had to zip up the back of her skirt. Are you kidding me?! Sucking in her gut as much as she could, Emily was barely able to get the skirt closed. She knew she put on a few pounds during college but was unaware of how much the ten pounds collected on her waistline. Could today get any worse?

She slipped her feet in her black slingback heels, grabbed her suitcase, and struggled down the stairs to the parking lot. She hated wearing heels and avoided them at all costs. She'd just have to suffer through it. Her pantyhose were already making her feel uncomfortable. She was on a mission and was going to give Davis Enterprises something to remember her by.

She just didn't know how true that was going to be...

Chapter 2

Parker Davis leaned back on the black leather sofa in his office, located on the twenty-second floor of Davis Enterprises. He kicked off his shoes, unknotted his tie, and began to rub his temples. What a long day. Just when he thought he could get a few minutes of rest, he heard his office door open and his secretary's loud voice disturb his peace.

"Parker, the meeting starts in fifteen minutes. The rest have arrived, minus your brother."

"He's giving the first half of the presentation, where the hell is he?"

"I put a note on the kitchen counter this morning, reminding him to grab the file, but of course, he forgot it."

"Rhonda, you have to help me keep that husband of yours in check."

"Russell said to go ahead and start without him. He'll be here shortly."

"Is coffee available?" Parker continued to rub his temples.

"It has just a few more minutes."

"If you weren't my sister-in-law, I'd fire you just for that." Parker winked at Rhonda.

Russ and Parker were impossible to tell apart. They were identical twins, best friends, and schemers. Parker owned the company but Russ was second in command, having just enough callousness to get his hands on property. Parker was a king at developing land into lucrative businesses. Through both of their efforts, they'd turned the small company's worth into the billions.

They both dressed in fine black suits, black ties, and stark white shirts for formal meetings. Their identity was questioned often, and it wasn't beyond the brothers to pretend to be the other. Fooling women, however, was crossing the line, and neither had ever stooped to that. When the business first began, Russ had taken to wearing a mustache. It didn't take long for the twins to realize that covering for each other was both productive and fun. Russ shaved it off and neither had any facial hair. 6' 2", olive complexion, black hair, and dark eyes had always gotten them lots of female attention. But Russ was happily married to Rhonda and adored their two young daughters. Parker, on the other hand, had women who stayed available when he felt the urge for companionship, but as far as any relationships went, he ran far and fast.

The meeting was to start at eight. Parker had been at the office since six in the morning, and it was going to take everything he had to sit through the long meeting. Russ better get here. He looked in the mirror, ran a quick electric razor over his stubble, fixed his tie, and then headed straight for the coffee pot. Rhonda could make one heck of a pot of coffee. But nothing was going to help the situation if Russ didn't show his face. He stepped back into his office to grab his briefcase and phone his brother.

"Russ, are you on your way?"

"Yeah I'm in the back of a taxi, stuck in traffic. There's an accident."

"Are you close enough to walk?" Parker was feeling the panic.

"No, Parker, I'm not walking. Just sideline the investors with something and I'll be there as quick as I can. I would have driven myself but the Jag's in the driveway with a flat. Today couldn't go downhill much more."

"Oh yes it can. If you don't show up, it's definitely going to get worse. How much more time are you talking?"

"I should be there in about thirty minutes."

Parker headed towards the large conference room and sat his briefcase upon the dark mahogany table. Rhonda came in and took her seat, ready to take minutes of the meeting. She smiled reassuringly up at Parker, who didn't return the gesture.

The investors sat making small talk. They didn't want to overly acknowledge Parker, as they didn't know which Davis it was.

"Mr. Davis, it's after eight. I have a flight to catch if you don't mind," said Carl Stranton, an investor from Dallas. Others started to agree.

"Welcome, gentlemen. I'm Parker Davis, and unfortunately my brother Russell is stuck in traffic but should be here shortly. I'll go ahead and begin."

Emily sat in the back of the cab, trying to put some fresh lipstick on while the driver hit every bump in the road. Her hair had mostly fallen down, so she pinned it back up, having only a small makeup mirror to check her appearance. She couldn't wait to wash the gunk off and put her comfortable clothes on. The straps on the back of her shoes were already forming blisters. The sooner she got out of this uncomfortable outfit, the better.

Looking at the time, Emily figured she had nothing to lose in going to Davis Enterprises to see if she could meet with the creep who stole her grandfather's land. The last thing she wanted was to have to put this black suit back on again in the morning. Her feet were killing her.

Emily pulled the papers out of the envelope. Staring down at the official proof of the sale made her want to scream, but it also motivated her.

"Here we are, Davis Enterprises. Do you want me to wait? If you do, I'll have to go around that corner and park in the lot. It'll cost you though."

Another thing Emily didn't need was to make this trip more expensive. If she did get to talk with the person responsible for railroading her grandfather, she didn't know how long the meeting would last. "No thank you. It shouldn't be hard to get another cab back to my motel when I'm ready to go." The thought of walking five blocks back to her room in this tight outfit and heels made her cringe.

"Okay, suit yourself."

Emily paid the cab driver and then stepped out onto the busy sidewalk. People were walking into each other and none of them looked very happy. She knew then that there'd be no way she could live in New York.

Davis Enterprises was huge. She'd never been inside of a building like this before. There was a beautiful woman sitting behind a large desk at the far end of the lobby. Emily would have to find out where she was going. Nothing in the lobby, other than a huge sign that read "Davis Enterprises" on the wall behind the receptionist, gave her a clue as to where she might head. At least she was in the correct building.

"Hello, I'd like to see Mr. Davis, please."

"Which one?" The young woman smiled at Emily.

"I'm not sure..." Great. A big family stole my grandfather's land? The signature on the papers was messy. All she could read was the word "Davis".

"It doesn't matter. The Davis offices are on the twenty-second floor. I believe they're still in a meeting, but you can go up and check with his secretary. You'll need an appointment to see him."

"Okay, thank you." Emily had no intentions of making an appointment. If he was in the building, she was going to get in his face and give him this money back. All she wanted was the land and the home she was raised in.

The elevators were so fast that Emily thought she might get sick. When the doors opened, another young woman sat behind the large glass wall and smiled up at her. She reached under her desk and buzzed Emily in.

"Hello, my name is Patricia. You must be the one who needs to make an appointment with Mr. Davis?"

"No, I don't want to make an appointment. I flew all the way out here just to see him."

"I'm sorry, but Mr. Davis is in a meeting. You'll have to come back tomorrow."

"I'm not coming back tomorrow. It's imperative that I see him this evening."

"If you'd like, you can sit in those chairs and wait for his secretary Rhonda to come out. She's in the meeting as well in the conference room. You can speak to her about Mr. Davis' availability." Mr. Davis immediately swooped down to steal the property, so I'll be damned if I'm going to wait.

When Patricia got up to take some papers down the hall, Emily ran to make her move. Going in the conference room was one thing, but running into the conference room was a really bad idea.

But Emily needed to get to where she was hearing all the loud voices before Patricia caught her. When she flew in the door, her heel stuck on the plush carpet. Instead of getting someone's attention with her voice, she got the entire room's attention by falling across the floor. The contents of her purse spilling out all over the place added a nice touch. She felt her skirt tear. Emily's embarrassment didn't last long. She was definitely in the right place.

Parker nodded towards the back of the room to signal a young man to turn on a projector and dim the lights. On the large screen, several photos showed the beauty of fifty thousand acres in Springfield, Colorado.

"This, gentlemen, is our latest project. As you can see, the beauty is very obvious." Parker could hear the agreement of those in the room. "This area here will be an airport. In addition, we'll be adding a golf course and large resort. Our market will be the upper class. Up in these mountains is a top-notch ski resort, and with a road added here, commute won't be an issue. The farm house and other dwellings will be removed when we put the road in."

The lights suddenly turned back up and sounds of chairs moving were heard as men rushed to the door. Parker saw a disheveled woman sprawled out on the conference room floor.

Emily looked up at the clear view of her grandfather's house. She was on her feet in no time, completely forgetting that her purse contents were all over the place. Her skirt displayed an eight inch gap up the back seam, and the pain in her left ankle shot up her leg. Her hair hung in her face as she stood. Emily shook the men off her arms.

"That's my grandfather's house! He was dying of cancer and you flew in like a buzzard and stole land that has been in our family for generations! How could you do this?"

Parker kept his calm demeanor. "What's your name, miss?"

Emily Carson! That's not your land to build an airport on!"

"I assure you, Miss Carson, the property belongs to Davis Enterprises."

"I have the papers right here, you bastard. My grandfather was dying, on pain medication, and you took advantage of that. I'll fight you until the end of time!"

Parker saw the concerned faces of his investors. "Gentlemen, I assure you there was nothing illegal done in the purchase of this property. Our attorneys make sure of legalities, and any documents you request can be provided to you." Parker let out a fake laugh.

"I don't even have my grandfather's belongings out of that house and here you're going to tear it down?" Emily didn't even realize how loudly she was yelling.

Parker was getting angry. If this woman thought her outburst would have the power to stop a man like himself, she was as crazy as she looked.

"Miss Carson, I'm going to ask that you leave. If you'd like to make an appointment, I'll be happy to discuss any of your concerns. Now is not the time." Parker's jaw was starting to tense.

"Was talking my grandfather into selling fifty-thousand acres of my family's land, while on his deathbed, good timing?! You promised him you'd make that land a nature preserve. But I found out you lied to him and are building an airport! How could you do that?"

Parker was now having serious thoughts about how his brother may have handled the situation. Did he make promises he shouldn't have? All of this was news to Parker. The last thing he needed was for powerful investors to doubt him. His good reputation was worldwide. Hopefully this outburst wouldn't end up in the paper.

"Please leave, Miss Carson, or I'll have to call security and have you escorted off the premises."

"Don't bother, I'm leaving. You won't hear the last of me. You guys need to take a look at this man. That's the face of someone who takes advantage of the elderly. I'll be in touch with you soon..."

Emily stormed out of the conference room with only half of her purse contents, but she didn't really care. She had to cry, but she wasn't going to do it in that snake's presence. As soon as she left the elevator she ran outside the doors of Davis Enterprises. She didn't get very far when her heel got stuck in the sewer grate. She couldn't get it out. Her face was stained with tears and running mascara; her hair was a hanging mess.

Russell Davis was getting ticked off. He was only a block away from the office so he gave the cab driver some money, lifted his briefcase, and jumped out of the cab. If he sprinted he could get there with only being a few minutes late.

Half a block later, he slowed down when he spotted a young woman with her heel stuck in the sewer. She was crying and, by the looks of her torn skirt up the back and her torn pantyhose, she must have fallen while trying to free her foot.

Russell felt badly for her and had to stop to help. "Let me help you."

"Get the hell away from me, you bastard!"

No sooner did Russell stop in shock, he felt the burning slap across his face from the woman's hand.

Emily reached down and unbuckled the shoe strap, removed her foot, and began to hobble up the sidewalk as quickly as she could. When she was about twenty feet away from the Davis slime ball, she removed her other shoe and just ran.

Russell stood there staring at her. He didn't stop very long before he was sprinting again towards the office. He walked in the conference room just as the men were walking out the door. One look at his brother's face told him that things didn't go very well.

"In my office," whispered Parker through clenched teeth.

Russell followed close behind Parker and sat down in the chair by the large desk.

"You want to tell me what went on in Colorado? And what the hell happened to your face?"

"Some crazy woman had her shoe stuck in a sewer and obviously didn't appreciate my help. What a train wreck." Russ reached up and rubbed the swollen, red handprint on his cheek.

"Auburn hair, cheap black suit, crazy blue eyes?"

"That'd be the one."

"She's caused us a bunch of problems this evening. You need to start from the very beginning, Russ. She may have caused the company to lose this project..."

Emily walked into her motel, threw her clothes in the trash, and then put her comfortable, day-to-day attire back on. She checked out of the room and hailed a cab for the airport. Getting out of New York was the first thing on her mind.

Chapter 3

Russell was laughing hysterically. The visuals that his brother was providing had him practically doubled over.

"She just went sliding on the floor?"

"Yeah, pretty much." Parker had to admit it was a funny sight, but the thought of this Carson woman potentially squelching his deal ended all humor.

"What are those things on your desk? Since when do you wear lipstick?"

"Those are the things from Miss Carson's purse when she went flying."

Russell lost it all over again. "Did you help her up?"

"The investors did. By the looks of that handprint on your cheek, I'm glad I didn't try to help her. She must have mistaken you for me."

"Remind me to grow the mustache again."

Parker picked up the Colorado file. "How did you find this land? This entire situation has blown up. Her accusations were extreme and she announced that we abuse the elderly. We may be thirty, but our investors aren't. A couple of those men are in their seventies. They took offense and decided to hold out on any commitment until this is resolved. They don't want to be in the middle of a scandal."

"Do you think she'll go public?"

"We have to be prepared in case she does. How did you hear about this property?"

"You know me, I have feelers out everywhere. When I was informed about someone wanting to sell fifty-thousand acres in Colorado, I hopped on a plane. It's not unusual for me to do that. If I wasn't on top of things, we wouldn't be the owners of all the property we've acquired."

"Yeah you're right about that. Did you go meet the man or talk to his agent?"

"He didn't use an agent, he sold it directly. I hopped on a chopper and flew over the area. Beautiful land. I went to the house to see him. He had cancer and was unable to travel. I offered him five million and he jumped at it."

"The guy didn't want more money?" Parker thought he would just add another ten or fifteen million onto that and Miss Carson would disappear.

"He only wanted enough to make his granddaughter comfortable. There was never any arguing or squabbling about the offer. I had the papers drawn up that day by our lawyers and had them delivered to me. The next day he signed them. I could have offered more money, but that's not how you get ahead in business. You start low and work upwards, not the other way around."

"Did he mention anything about a nature preserve?"

"He mentioned that his granddaughter loved animals, is a veterinarian, and wanted to make the land a preserve, a safe haven for animals."

"Did you tell him you would do that?" Parker raised his eyebrows.

"I didn't commit to anything like that. I said that it would make a wonderful preserve, not that I was interested in doing it. He didn't ask me what I was going to do with the land. If he had, I would have been upfront. Though I must admit, Emmitt Carson was difficult to understand and he never gave me the name of his granddaughter."

"I need to find this Emily Carson and put a stop to this one-woman army she's created. I really don't have time to devote to her, but then again, I don't want to lose money from not taking the time."

"Let me know what happens. Rhonda's outside waiting for me. I know she's exhausted and we have to get home to the girls before their nanny chokes us."

After Russell left the office, Parker walked to the window. The lights over Manhattan were spectacular. The lights on a runway strip would be too. Time to smash this Emily Carson like a bothersome ant.

***

It was four in the morning when Emily walked through the door of her apartment in Baldwin. She stripped as she walked to her dresser. After pulling on an oversized jersey, Emily flopped down in the bed. Out of pure exhaustion, she fell asleep, only to be awakened at five-thirty by her preset alarm. Even though she could have definitely used the sleep, Emily needed to get to Springfield. If Davis Enterprises thought they were going to bulldoze her grandfather's house, they had another thing coming...

***

Parker woke up to the sound of his brother's voice. He'd slept all night in his office chair.

"You look like shit, Parker." Russ laughed.

"Thanks for the compliment. Because we're identical twins, I guess I can inform you that you look like shit too."

"So what's the plan? Did you come up with anything?"

"Yes I certainly did. I'm going to Colorado," Parker replied as his grin grew wider.

"She's a bit crazy and packs one hell of a mean-right smackdown. If I were you, I'd do my communicating through attorneys and email."

"If little Miss Emily Carson thinks she can put a halt on my project, she's insane. It's time for her to meet Parker Davis in person, without a bunch of witnesses."

"You think you'll be welcomed in open arms? Open hands, yes, while they're wrapped around your throat. I'm serious, Parker, stay away from her."

"No, I won't just show up on her doorstep. I think I'll play with her like a little mouse for a while."

Russ looked at his brother's face, which was full of determination. If Parker didn't watch it, he could be in for the fight of his life...literally.

Parker smiled and picked up the phone. "Rhonda, I need the jet. I have some business in Springfield, Colorado."

"I think you're crazy for going out there. Send one of the lawyers."

"Rhonda..." Parker spoke firmly.

"Okay, okay. But you were warned."

***

Emily drove up to her grandfather's house. It was fairly large and over one hundred years old. The structure had always been maintained. She especially loved the huge wraparound porch which allowed for breathtaking views of the mountains, and clean, fresh air. The siding was white, the trim and porch were painted a country blue. She stopped by the front door and smiled at the porch swing, where she and her grandfather had spent countless hours talking. Her eyes began to water so she dug in her purse for the key and let herself in.

The house was a bit chilly. Emily found her grandfather's favorite mug and then put a pot of coffee on. She let her eyes slowly move around the room at all the heirlooms, her favorite things, her treasures. Where do I begin?

First she'd need to find some boxes. If things were going to get ugly, she'd at least have to get the heirlooms out. She could only store a couple of things in her small studio apartment. But there was some space in the basement, backroom, and shed at the clinic she could use until she could afford to rent a storage facility. If the Davis guy wasn't such a criminal, I wouldn't have to do any of this! The thought of never spending another night in this house was killing her. Never seeing her grandfather again felt a hundred times worse. She walked to the couch and picked up her grandfather's old afghan, knitted by her grandmother many years ago. Emily wrapped it around herself and walked back out on the porch. She was shaken out of her deep thoughts by her cell phone. Emily ran in the house and fished it from her purse.

"Mick?"

"I didn't know you were back. Are you at your grandfather's?"

"I'm sorry I didn't call you. I didn't even get home until the middle of the night. I needed to figure out what all I need to remove."

"It's okay, Em. I didn't want to disturb you, but I just got a call here at the clinic. Someone named Parker Davis was asking for you. Is that the guy from Davis Enterprises?"

"Yes, and how did he find me?"

"Did you tell him your name?"

"Yeah, I forgot I did that. What did he say?"

"He asked if you were here and I told him you weren't. Then he had the balls to ask if you were on his property..."

"God, I've never hated someone so much in my life!"

"He wants you off the land. He was just getting ready to board a plane. Seems this Parker Davis means business and he mentioned that he would have you removed if necessary."

"I'm not going to be bullied by a rich thief! Perhaps the rest of the world needs to see what a snake he really is."

"Emily, please be careful. He has an awful lot of power."

"Thanks, Mick. I promise to be careful." Careful when I bury his corpse, letting him rot on fifty-thousand acres of stolen property.

Emily paced the on the porch for a while, thinking of her next move. She dialed information and smiled when her call was connected to the Baldwin Tribunal.

"William, this is Emily Carson."

"Emily! How are you?"

"As good as can be expected, I guess."

"Your grandfather was a wonderful man, and I'm so sorry he passed. The funeral service was beautiful, Emily, you did a wonderful job."

William Lovette was sixty-four and had worked for the paper all his adult life. He was Emmitt's fishing buddy, and the two had become very close over the decades of friendship. William sat with Emily as Emmitt Carson took his last breath. He knew how hard this was for Emily and he promised his friend to keep an eye on her.

"Thank you, William. I know how hard my grandfather's death was for you too."

"Anything that you need, you let me know. I'm just a phone call away."

"Actually, that's why I called. I desperately need your help."

"I'm all ears, hun." William smiled.

"There's a large corporation in New York called Davis Enterprises. Have you ever heard of them?"

"I sure have. They're real estate developers. Several of the buildings in Manhattan belong to them. I read an article in a magazine about the company last year. Do you know them?"

"I do now. Grandpa wanted to leave me something when he died, so he sold the fifty-thousand acres."

"Oh no!"

"For five million dollars. A few days before his death, he had the hospice nurse leave for a bit so he could talk to the jerk in private. My grandfather and I talked for years about turning the land into a nature preserve. They led him to believe that that's what they were going to do with the land. But it was all a big fat lie. Davis Enterprises is putting an airport here. I saw Grandpa's attorney, Jason Montgomery, out in Clarkston. He didn't know about my grandfather's sale of the property either but informed me that the documents were legal. They own it. All of it."

"Emily, this is devastating..."

"The only way I think I can fight them is through the media."

"I'll get on a flight as soon as I'm able and pay Mr. Davis a visit!"

"I don't think you need to bother with flying out to New York, William. He's in transit to Colorado. I'm at my grandfather's house trying to sort through his things."

"Let me get a couple of articles typed out for tomorrow, then I'll grab my camera and head on over. The one thing companies hate more than anything is bad press. Let's give them some." William hadn't been this pumped up in a long time.

***

Emily had quite a large pile of things to donate, as well as a big area full of boxes to fill with treasured items. She would definitely have to fork out money to rent a truck, but it was an expense she couldn't avoid. There was no way she was going to leave family heirlooms to be destroyed. But then again, she had no intentions of leaving the house.

At three in the afternoon, Emily spotted William's Jeep driving toward the house. A magnetic sign was on the driver side door that read "Baldwin Tribunal". He stepped out of the Jeep holding a camera and wearing a very old blazer with leather padding on the elbows. Emily smiled at him with warmth.

"Emily! How are you? It's good to see you again."

"William, thank you so much for coming out here. It's good to see you too."

"Oh, here, hold this a second." William handed Emily the camera and walked to his Jeep. He came back carrying a bag.

"What's this?" Emily's mouth watered at the smell. She realized then that she hadn't eaten.

"Martha's hot beef stew, rolls, and cherry pie. If I know you, you haven't eaten anything."

Emily laughed, hooked her arm in William's, and headed inside. The food was amazing. William's wife was one of the best cooks ever, and Emily was eating like a horse.

"Have you heard anything?"

"Not a word. Wow, tell Martha I said thank you. She's such an amazing woman."

"I'll do that." William smiled.

"I don't think we'll see anyone from Davis Enterprises today. It's getting late and I'm sure he's not going to trek all the way out here."

"Maybe I should just stick around, Emily. I hate to have all this going on and you being out here by yourself."

"I'm not afraid of anyone from that company. Besides, I know this property like the back of my hand. He doesn't. If I needed to, I could head for the hills. He'd never be able to catch me." Emily gave William a wink and reassuring smile.

"I'm not buying it, Em. Why don't you come back to the house and stay with me and Martha. I wouldn't worry then."

"Thank you, William, but I still need to finish up packing some rooms. I'll be okay."

"You call me first thing in the morning, you got it?" William looked at her sternly.

"Got it." Emily smiled, hugged William, and watched as he drove off.

The chill in the air was getting more evident as the sun started to set. Emily walked in the house and flipped the light switch up. Nothing happened. Dragging a chair into the middle of the kitchen, she changed the bulb and then flipped the switch back up. Again, nothing happened. Emily hated when the power went out. She bundled up in warm pajamas and blankets and decided to get some sleep. Hopefully everything would be back on in the morning.

Chapter 4

Parker Davis hung up the phone. Getting the utilities shut off was just the beginning. He'd get this Miss Carson off his property. Driving to the land last night and seeing the wild woman's silhouette walk past the window was confirmation that she was there. The check for twenty million was ready to go. It will definitely come in handy when she has to get her vehicle out of impound. Parker gave himself a nice smile in the rearview mirror.

Emily woke up to a cold house, even though the sun was blaring through the windows. She desperately needed a cup of hot coffee. Emily put coffee grounds and water in the old percolator and sat it on the gas stove. But nothing happened when she tried to turn on the burner. What the hell? She picked up the house phone. No dial tone. Fishing out her cell phone she called the utilities. Gas, electric, and phone service had been shut off. Her battery was almost dead. Walking outside to charge it in her Explorer, Emily stopped in her tracks. Where is it?! Her vehicle was gone and her phone battery indicator was blinking. Suddenly she heard tires on the road near the house. When she saw a Mercedes approaching, she knew it had to be someone from Davis Enterprises, probably one of their many attorneys. Damn them! She stood there watching the car. She was still wearing her large jersey and grandfather's shoes.

Parker stifled a laugh as he stepped out of the rental.

"What the hell are you doing here?"

"Miss Carson, I just want to talk to you, so don't swing at me." Parker approached with caution. If the circumstances had been different, he would have used his charm on this beauty.

"I want to give this to you." Parker handed her the check.

"So you think that paying me more money is going to change my opinion of you? Make me walk away from property that's been in my family forever?" Emily crumbled up the check and threw it at him.

"Let me introduce myself. My name is Parker Davis." Against his better judgment, he offered his hand.

Emily pushed his hand away from her. "Get out of here!"

"Miss Carson, I don't have to leave, I own this property. It's you who is trespassing. You're aware I can have you arrested?"

"What did you do with my vehicle?" Emily was fuming.

"I had it towed. You can't be living here."

"I hate you!" Emily charged Parker at full speed, ready to swing.

Parker grabbed her arm before her hand could make contact with his freshly shaven face. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling the wild woman tightly against his body. He wasn't going to let go of his restraining hold until he knew she'd stop attacking him.

"Let go of me!" Emily yelled.

"I'll let you go when you promise to stop physically attacking me. Can we talk like adults?"

"Adults? Do you think what you did was the adult thing to do? Railroad my grandfather?"

"Can we talk? If you have to scream that's fine. Just stop trying to hit me." Parker was both serious and humored at the same time.

"Fine!" Emily felt the man release his hold and she backed away.

"I want to talk to you about what happened, how it is we acquired this property. We didn't steal it. That check you threw at me was pretty gracious of me. If more money is required for you to leave in peace, name your price." Parker stood firm, just in case she tried it again.

"You didn't have to shut all the power off in the house and steal my car."

"This is my property."

"I'm trying to get my grandfather's belongings out of here. Or were you planning to destroy the house regardless?"

"Miss Carson, I have no intentions of keeping any structures on this property. So the answer to your question is yes. If you're nice, I can allow you some time to remove what you need."

"How much time?" Emily had no intention of leaving this house.

"I've never been inside of the house. How many days do you need?"

"6 months."

"No..."

"Three months."

"No, I asked you how many days, not months."

"I was raised in this house!" Emily didn't mean to start crying.

"Look, I'm not trying to hurt you. I know that the loss of your grandfather must have been horrible. Obviously, you weren't aware that the property was being sold. I understand your situation." Parker relaxed his posture and stepped forward to maybe squeeze her hand or pat her shoulder...anything to make her stop crying. Parker is, and always has been, a sucker for a woman's tears. Her pouting lip and sad eyes were definitely affecting him.

Yeah, that's right. Come a little bit closer you son of a bitch...

Parker felt the sting on his cheek. "Okay, that's enough of that. You hit me again and I'll have assault charges pressed against you. Your career will be over with." He wasn't going to let her know that his face burned like hell. He kept his voice calm. Wow, she does pack a mean one.

"I'm not going to apologize." Emily was breathing hard.

Her chest heaving up and down didn't go unnoticed by Parker. "How about I come back later when you've calmed down some?"

"I want my Explorer back. Go ahead and keep the utilities turned off, you bastard. I can't exactly leave if I don't have a vehicle."

"I'll have a car and driver available for you so you can vacate, then you'll get your vehicle back. But you aren't getting free reign with the way you're acting. I don't trust you."

"You don't trust me? You're the pathetic thief and liar!"

"Miss Carson, I'm not hard of hearing. You can stop screaming at me. I wish we could just sit down and have a calm conversation."

"I want you to leave, Mr. Scumbag."

"I don't think name calling is necessary. I'm willing to give you one week to vacate."

"I'll leave when hell freezes--"

"Hopefully you won't be injured when the cops haul you off."

"You obviously never lost someone who was close to you. You don't have one shred of decency in your system!"

Parker cringed at her words.

"I'm not the horrible man you're portraying me to be."

"Yeah, go tell your wife that. Poor brainwashed woman..."

"Look, I refuse to disclose anything about my personal background. All you'll do is throw it in my face. I'm done trying to talk to you, Miss Carson. One week and I'll have you removed. I suggest you pack." Parker walked backwards to his car. He didn't trust this woman, especially with his back turned.

Parker phoned his brother. "Russ, she's going to be a problem."

"Did you give her more money? That's probably what she's after."

"I gave her a check for twenty million and she threw it at me. Now I know how much your face stung." He listened to his brother's laughter. "Russ, this isn't funny. She's refusing to leave. I had everything shut off at the house and even impounded her vehicle. All that did was piss her off. I'm not sure what my next move is going to be, but damn...I have to do something. We stand to lose a ton of money."

"Parker, I wouldn't sweat it. We have other projects in the making. The worst case scenario; we lose five million, but have fifty-thousand acres of beautiful land. Hell, I wouldn't mind camping out there with Rhonda and the girls. We could just keep it long enough for Miss Carson to give up on this mission. Is she a tree hugger?"

"I don't think she's capable of hugging anything..."

"Send her flowers or something." Russ began laughing again.

"You just gave me a great idea. Thanks a million, bro."

***

Emily sat in the middle of the living room floor bawling. She wanted to call William but knew her phone would die as soon as she said hello. I can't believe this is happening! It's a fifteen mile walk to get into town. By the time I returned, the house would be plowed down. Her grandfather had been fed with a tube so there wasn't any food in the house. But that wasn't going to stop Emily. She fished down at the lake with her grandfather all the time. She'd go catch her meal, start a fire, and cook some lunch. Grabbing her fishing pole and tackle box, Emily headed for the lake.

Finding worms was easy in the soft soil. Fishing made her mood lift, as it was one of the fondest memories of her grandfather she had. After ten casts, she got a hit and reeled up a nice Yellow Perch. After about two hours of fishing, Emily had a total of five. Perfect! She reached in her tackle box, brought out her knife, and filleted them.

She grabbed matches, the cast iron skillet, and a few spices from the house. Emily quickly found dry wood, brush, and twigs, and then walked to the fire pit. Just when she was ready to strike the match, she heard the sound of a large truck coming down the road. What the hell?

Parker drove off the RV lot with his Class A forty-footer. He'd never had to maneuver this large of a vehicle before, but found it fun. Watching Emily Carson's face would be even more entertaining. Paying the sales guy a five hundred dollar tip made him more than willing to stock it with things he'd need while Parker ate breakfast at a nearby diner. He hadn't camped since he was a young boy and, to be honest, he was really looking forward to it. This will definitely make her leave...

Emily stood there with her mouth hung open as the huge RV came rolling to a stop. With the glare from the sun she couldn't see the driver. Hopefully it was someone who made a wrong turn. But when Parker Davis stepped out of the big RV, Emily threw the box of matches down to the ground and quickly stormed over to him. Parker's wide smile just pissed her off even more.

"What the hell is this?"

"This is my new RV, Miss Carson. Do you like it?"

"Good for you. Now leave."

"No can do. I plan on camping for a bit on my new property to get a good feel of the land."

"You can't be serious..."

"I'm just going to park over there in that clearing. Good to see you again, neighbor!"

Emily thought about throwing the skillet but stopped herself.

"If you need to borrow a cup of sugar or anything, just come on down." Parker's smile was widening.

"Get out of my face!"

Parker continued to smile, then drove the RV to the clearing about one hundred feet from the house.

He brought out a lounge chair and sat it down so he was directly facing Emily. "Don't let me stop you from what you were doing!"

"Go to hell!" Emily had to cook the fish. She was starving and didn't want it to go bad. The fire started quickly and, soon enough, the fish fillets were in the pan. Emily made sure she kept her back to the arrogant creep as much as she could.

Parker didn't mind the view of Miss Carson bending over for so long. He even found it amusing when the little package of dynamite flipped him off. Thankfully she couldn't reach him this far away.

Parker began to loudly whistle old song melodies.

When her fish were done, Emily was more than ready to dig in. All she wanted was some peace. "I'm being quiet and minding my own business. Can you please stop your whistling? You sound horrible!" Emily saw him smile, then start to whistle even louder. She flung herself around and watched in horror as all her nicely cooked fillets slid off the platter and onto the dirt.

Parker thought it best to not laugh out loud, but it was very difficult. "I see you lost your meal. I have some steaks in here if you'd like to have one. I'm sure you eat yours raw. Would you like it on a stick?"

That did it. Emily marched over to him, frying pan in hand. Parker didn't want to seem like a sissy even though he felt like he should take cover.

"You're pathetic!" Emily threw the pan as hard as she could, causing it to bounce off the side of the RV, leaving a nice dent. "I'm grieving for the loss of my grandfather, my home, my land, and you have to add salt to the wound?" Emily's eyes began to tear up, and then she broke out in a hysterical laughter.

"I'm sorry, you're right. That was rude of me. Would you like a steak to cook? Or I can grill it if you'd care to have dinner with me. I don't want to fight with you. This is a peace offering, and if you need help carrying or moving boxes, I can do that as well. What's so funny? I was being serious..."

"You don't know much about how sharp the rocks can be out here." Emily pointed to the right front flat tire.

"Son of a..." Parker quickly returned to his calm composure. "It's not a problem. Unlike you, I don't have to go anyplace. I was almost feeling sorry for you until now. Being how you find this so funny, go pack your belongings. I want you out by morning." Parker made a phone call to arrange for his Mercedes to be delivered. He'd deal with the flat tire later.

Tears spilled over on her cheeks as she spun around and ran back to the house. The doom she felt was overtaking her.

Chapter 5

Parker went into the RV after Emily left. He lay awake for a couple of hours with all kinds of emotions soaring through him. The business side of him wanted to proceed with his plans, but his mind was bringing him back to his own childhood. He was beginning to feel sorry for her. Stop it Parker...Russ would smack him if he caved in. As the wind picked up, he went to the window to close it. Looking at the house, he felt bad about Emily being in a cold, dark environment all night. The least he could do was offer her a place to stay. That's what he would do. Parker noticed the headlights coming up the driveway.

She lay down on the couch and cried long and hard. She wanted to sleep so desperately but had a couple more boxes to pack. The cool wind was blowing down from the mountains and the house was chilly. She only had another hour before she wouldn't be able to see anything. Emily worked fast, and after the last box was filled from the upstairs bedrooms, she picked it up in her arms. This would be the last time she ever walked down these stairs. Her eyes watered again.

The house had definitely gotten darker, especially in the hallway. She misjudged the first step and, with the heavy box and blurred vision, Emily tumbled down the long, wooded staircase.

Parker walked outside and then saw a second set of headlights pulling into the driveway.

"Sorry about being so late. We had trouble finding this place," said the driver behind the wheel of the Mercedes.

"Not a problem. Thanks for bringing it all the way out here." Parker tipped the men nicely and watched them both climb into a pickup and drive off.

Taking a deep breath, he walked up the steps onto the porch and knocked on the front door. Noticing the hot embers in the fire pit, Parker walked over and kicked plenty of dirt on them. Emily still hadn't opened the door. Wow I must have really pissed her off. He knocked again even harder and put his ear to the door. No sounds were heard. Fine, be that way.

Parker walked back down to the RV and went inside. He fell asleep quickly but at five-thirty he was wide awake. He went to the window and looked at the dark house. Guilt was getting the best of him. Grabbing a flashlight, he headed back up to the porch. The worst thing that could happen would be his cheek stinging for the day from another quick slap from Emily. He knocked again and there was no answer. Frustrated, Parker walked around to the back of the house and knocked. Still, there wasn't an answer. Maybe she already left? The windows and back door were locked. A horrible feeling was overtaking him. Something's not right. He decided to kick the door open. The hinges were very weak and he was tearing the house down anyway. But his senses rarely failed him.

"Emily!" The house was silent.

"Emily!!" he called even louder. Shining the flashlight in the front room, he saw just how busy Emily had been. The boxes are still here. She wouldn't have left without her grandfather's things. "Emily!" he yelled firmly. When he turned the corner, he found her...lying in a crumpled mess.

Parker moved the heavy box off her and saw that she was still breathing. "Emily, come on. Talk to me..." Reaching for his phone, he called for an ambulance. "Emily, come on, hun." He didn't dare move her. "Emily, talk to me..." He brushed the hair off of her bruised, swollen face. Her arm was lying at a weird angle. Nausea threatened to overtake Parker. He ran to the couch, pulled an afghan off the back, and covered her. The house was cold.

He heard a soft groan. "Emily, can you open your eyes for me? Don't move anything, just open up your eyes."

She slowly opened her eyes just a little bit, then cried out in pain.

"Don't move. You fell down the stairs."

Emily moved her uninjured arm up and rubbed the back of her head, then looked over at her badly broken arm.

"Oh my God," she said in a soft, weak voice.

"An ambulance should be here soon. We have to get you to the hospital."

Parker heard the siren and ran to the front door. He left it open, then hurried back to Emily. "They're here now, okay? We're going to make sure you get all the care you need. Don't worry about anything."

Emily furrowed her brow. "That's easy for you to say." She whispered the words, but Parker heard them loud and clear.

"I said anything, Emily, and I meant it." There was a brief moment of silent communication between them before the stretcher arrived. She moaned loudly with each movement.

"Be careful with her!" Parker quickly got protective.

"Sir, she's going to feel some pain but we're going to give her medicine in the ambulance. We'll take care of her. Are you riding with us?"

"No, I'll follow you in my car."

Parker gave the paramedics as much information as he could and then followed behind the ambulance closely.

***

He paced the floor in the waiting room. Parker continued to beat himself up over the next two hours. Finally the surgeon stepped in the doorway.

"Is the family of Emily Carson here?"

"Yes," replied Parker. He hurriedly approached the physician. "How is she?"

"Her arm has been cleaned up and set. I put some pins in place to hold the bones together. The surgery went well. We'll know if there's been any permanent nerve damage when she wakes up and the swelling subsides some."

"To her hand?" Parker was mortified. "She has to have full use of her hands. She's a veterinarian."

"All we can do is wait and see. We saw some evidence of the healing process. Do you know how long she waited before getting medical attention?"

"I really don't know. I couldn't get her to answer the door. When I finally went inside, I found her lying at the bottom of the stairs. She was unconscious." She couldn't see because I had the electricity shut off...

"She'll be in recovery for a bit, but hopefully we can have her in a room soon. She has a heck of a concussion. She'll be neurologically evaluated further. Do you know her medical history?"

"No, I'm afraid I don't."

"Do you know how to contact another family member?"

"To my knowledge she doesn't have anyone else." Parker rubbed his hands through his hair and sighed.

After the doctor left, he went outside and called Russell.

"How's Colorado and the crazy woman?"

"I need you to send me the original property deed, the signed papers, anything you have on the fifty thousand acres."

"It's all legal, Parker, I already told you." Russ began to feel offended.

"I'm not doubting the legalities. I'm going to give the property back to her. I'll explain later. Have Rhonda notify the investors that the deal's off."

"Are you kidding me? This was the ultimate deal!"

"Just do it, Russ. I'll talk to you more later." Parker didn't want to argue with his brother. He realized how hard Russ had worked to find the prime property, but Parker worked even harder to squash Emily Carson. I could have killed her.

He spotted some medical staff pushing a gurney down the hallway. Emily was lying on it, her right arm elevated in a big cast that went all the way up underneath the sleeve of her hospital gown. Her face was showing even more bruises. Parker quickly followed the staff to the third floor.

There was a clerk sitting at the front desk who smiled as he spoke. "Can I help you?"

"Yes, I'm family of Emily Carson. May I see her?"

"Give the staff a little time to get her in the bed and admitted. You can check with her nurse afterwards and see if she can have visitors."

Parker walked over to the lobby and sat down. An hour later an older nurse approached him.

"Hello, are you here with Emily?"

"Yes, may I see her?"

"She's admitted now, so you can go in there, but Emily's still sleeping from the anesthesia. She might not talk very much."

Parker thanked the nurse and then slowly entered Emily's room. Just the sight of her was making him feel more guilt than he'd ever experienced in his life. He stood next to her bed and placed his hand gently on top of her good arm. Emily slowly opened her eyes a little and looked at Parker with concern.

"Hi, Emily. You just got out of surgery and you're in your room now."

"Yeah I know. The nurse told me." Emily's voice was soft and raspy.

"Do you remember the fall?"

"I couldn't see. The hallway was dark. I remember the fall, but I don't remember landing."

"Do you remember me being with you?"

"Kind of..."

"Do you want me to call anyone for you?"

"Oh God, my job. Can you call Mick Lander at Baldwin Veterinary Clinic?"

"Yes, I'll call there right away," said Parker as he turned to go out of the room.

"And I can't move out right now if this is why you're here..." Her voice trailed off.

"You don't have to move, Emily. I'm going to give you back the land." Parker gently squeezed her arm, but Emily was fast asleep.

He sat down at the foot of the bed for a while, hoping she'd wake back up, but he'd have to call the clinic for her as promised. Parker walked out to the nurse's station, got the phone book, and quickly found Baldwin Veterinary Clinic.

"I'd like to speak to Mick Lander, please."

"Could I tell him who's calling?"

"Parker." He listened to the music while on hold.

"This is Doctor Lander, can I help you?"

"You have an employee there named Emily Carson?"

"Yes, she's my partner."

"I'm sorry, but I have some bad news. Emily fell down the stairs and broke her arm. She also has a concussion and is in Springfield Memorial Hospital, on the third floor. She asked me to notify you."

"I'm on my way."

Parker listened to the dial tone.

The coffee in the lobby was old, but he poured himself a cup anyway. He wanted to go back inside and sit with Emily but didn't want to miss seeing Mick.

Finally the elevator dinged and Parker watched as a man approached the clerk asking for Emily Carson's room. He knew it had to be the doctor he'd spoken with.

"Doctor Lander?"

"Yes, you can call me Mick. Were you the one who phoned me?"

"Yes, I am. Emily fell back to sleep. She hasn't been out of surgery that long so she's still pretty sedated."

"I'm going to go see her." Mick walked off and headed inside the hospital room. Parker walked behind him.

Mick bent down and kissed her cheek, while Emily slowly opened her eyes and gave her best attempt at providing a smile.

"Hey, Mick."

"Emily, what happened to you?!"

"Just a small tumble down some steps at my grandfather's house."

"How did you fall?"

"Remember me telling you about how Davis Enterprises stole my grandfather's property?"

Parker cringed but remained quiet.

"Yeah, I remember."

"Parker Davis was forcing me to move, and originally he was giving me a week. He shut off all the utilities at the house. I hadn't gotten around to finishing all the rooms because I didn't want to leave. But then he changed his mind and told me I had to be out the next day, which would have been today. I packed the last box and started to take it downstairs. There wasn't any light in the house, making it too dark to see the steps. With the awkwardness of the box, the darkness, and my blurred vision from tears, I fell."

Mick spun around, quickly putting two and two together. "You're the Parker who called the office?"

"Yes, but--"

Mick slammed his fist in Parker's face, knocking him back against the door. The staff appeared quickly and security wasn't far behind. They were both escorted out of the hospital. Once outside, Mick cocked his fist back again.

"Wait! Look, I don't want to get in a boxing match with you." Parker knew he could have easily brought the man harm.

"This is your fault, you bastard! You have hurt that woman more than anyone ever has..."

"I was an arrogant fool, that's for sure. I was only thinking about making a lot of money and did everything I could to get the project started on that land. I'm the one who found Emily at the bottom of the stairs and called an ambulance. I went to the house to tell her I was sorry. But I was too late. I'm giving Emily her grandfather's land back. She doesn't have to move."

"When did you decide to come to your damn senses?! When it was too late, that's when!"

"It doesn't matter when. I'm having the papers sent to me and I'm getting my lawyers to draw up another set. I'm going to sell it back to Emily for a dollar." Parker could taste blood in his mouth from his swollen lip.

"She's a good person. I've known her since she was a kid. What you pulled was unforgiveable."

"I know this already. We need to have our focus where it should be. Emily didn't just break her arm; she might have nerve damage in her right hand. The doctors won't know for a bit."

"Emily's right handed. If she can't practice anymore she'll be devastated. You can go on home, and I'm not sorry about the punch in the mouth. You totally had it coming. I'm going back inside if they'll let me. You can go back inside that hole you and your company crawled out of." Mick turned and walked away.

Chapter 6

Parker drove back to the property with his mind a thousand miles away. He wished he could swap places with Emily. Mick was right; she didn't deserve any of this. It wasn't his brother's fault either. He had no one to blame but himself. Had he not been so hell-bent over having the upper hand, Emily wouldn't be lying in a hospital bed. He knew how to succeed in the corporate world and demolish the competition. Luring investors wasn't a difficult task, especially when his reputation was solid. He knew how to wine, dine, and brush elbows with the elite. His social skills outside of the business world, however, totally lacked.

The inside of the RV had been ransacked by God knows what kind of animal. Unfortunately, he'd left the door partially ajar, and it had been stocked with food. There were definitely well-fed creatures running around. Parker, not wanting anything else to have to deal with, turned to walk back to his car. He certainly couldn't sleep in the RV tonight. He'd have to stay at the motel. The house loomed there like a big black mark on his conscience. Parker found himself walking past his car, around to the back of the house. The door displayed its damage where he'd kicked it in. I hope the animals didn't have a good time in here as well. There was no evidence of unwelcomed visitors other than himself. With his head spinning, he went to the couch and sat down. Parker closed his weary eyes. He had to somehow make it up to Emily. Looking at all the evidence of someone he'd forced to pack in a hurry made him sick. Look what I've done...

***

The next morning, Emily ate a pretty healthy breakfast. The closest she got to actually eating had been the fish that fell to the ground. Bastard! There was a knock at her door, bringing her out of her hateful thoughts.

"How's the arm feeling?"

"Pretty sore."

"We did an open reduction on your humerus, the long bone in your arm. We had to go inside and put it back together with pins. The surgery went well, and we don't anticipate you having any complications from that. My concern, though, is the length of time that pressure was on the nerves from the misplaced broken bone. When we get the swelling a little more under control, we'll have a specialist come and take a look."

Emily only nodded. Nerve damage...right hand...

Parker didn't mean to fall asleep on the couch. The sun coming through the window brought him out of a deep sleep. He certainly wasn't going to get anything accomplished to help Emily by sitting on his duff. The first thing he needed to do was to get some calls made.

Parker arranged for the RV to be removed from the property. He offered them plenty of money to clean it up, repair the tire, and deliver it to his brother's address. Surely Russ and his family could use a forty foot RV. That, or they'd kill him. Next, he checked on the status of the paperwork he needed. He was promised to have the file in his hands before morning. The utilities were back on and a repairman was working on the installation of a new back door. Parker went outside and sat on the swing. He was saving the most dreaded call for last.

"What the hell's going on, Parker?" Russell didn't attempt to hide his irritation.

"This deal has been a nightmare, that's what."

"My phone's been ringing off the hook. The investors aren't happy about this."

"They never invested anything. Their loss was zero. Let them bitch if that's what they need to do. I've made each of them good sized cash piles in the past. I'm not worried about it."

"So you're going to give this Emily Carson back her property?" Russ shook his head in disbelief.

"No. The property wasn't willed to her. Emmitt Carson sold the land before he died. It's legally ours, so I'll sell it to Emily for a dollar."

"A dollar..."

"Russ, you don't have to agree with what I've done, but I do need you to trust me. If we go through this land development venture on the fifty thousand acres, we'll be slaughtered in the media. I need to ask you if Emmitt was drugged when he signed over this property. Emily Carson accused us of doing that."

"No, I spoke with his nurse. He'd refused medication until the papers were signed. He hadn't taken anything that day."

"Okay good. Hopefully I can repair some of the damage I've caused."

"What are you talking about, Parker?" Russ stood up and began to pace.

"Let's just say I pulled every trick in the ugly book to get her off the land. Bottom line? She's in a hospital bed with a broken arm that required surgery, and a concussion. There's more to the story but it'll have to wait until we can sit with a few cold beers. I'll be in Colorado for a while. Cover for me." Parker knew that Russ could easily be mistaken for himself.

"It had to have been some kind of accident. I know you'd never physically harm a female."

"It was a fall down the stairs, and no I didn't push her."

"Please tell me you're not sleeping with her?"

"No. No way..."

Looking back over at the boxes let him know exactly what he needed to do next. He began to empty them. Parker had no idea where things were supposed to go, but he was more than aware that Emily would need help when she came home. Some of the boxes he looked in peaked his interest longer than others, especially the ones with all the craft projects Emily had made for her grandfather. Parker couldn't help but flip through the photo albums. There was certainly a lot of love under this roof. For the first time, he could clearly see the pain he threw at Emily with the impending demolition of her grandfather's home. Perhaps if Parker had been raised in one house, he would have connected to the situation faster. The multitude of foster homes that the twins had grown up in left the Davis men without pleasant childhood memories.

Parker heard the back door open. He knew it was too soon for Emily to be released.

"Mick..."

"Why are you here?" Mick raised his voice.

"I need to try and undo as much of the damage that I caused. I kicked the door in so I had a new one installed. It wasn't very secure to begin with. I'm just trying to get some of these boxes unpacked before Emily comes back. She isn't going to have the use of both arms."

"Yeah, I wonder why?"

"No one is punishing me more than what I'm doing to myself. But there's only so much shit I'm willing to take from you. If you came here looking for a fight, I suggest we get it over with." Parker began walking toward Mick. He'd be damned if he was going to take another punch.

"No I didn't come here to fight with you. I just came to check on the house."

"I'll hire someone to take care of Emily and the house until her arm is completely healed. I'm not that big of a chump."

"She comes home in two days. I have to keep the clinic going and I'll make sure her apartment is okay. You're right, though. Emily will need some help when she's discharged. I can't afford it, and I know she's financially strapped."

"Do you think she'd like to recuperate there or here in her grandfather's house?"

"I'd rather her stay out here. It's peaceful and relaxing. Her apartment is anything but, and it's ridiculously small."

"I'll take her to the apartment when she's released, and she can pick out what she wants delivered here." Parker had the whole thing figured out. This'll be quick and easy. I'll be back in New York within a week.

"Are you that stupid?" Mick began to laugh.

"Watch it, Mick--"

"Do you really think she's going to go anywhere with you? She's not even going to want to look at the man responsible for blowing up her world. If she sees you in this house, I'll feel sorry for you. Just finish up and get out. If you really want to help Emily like you say you do, then do so from a distance." Mick turned and left.

He's right. Think, Parker, think. The solution came quickly enough. He put his phone on speaker while he closed the boxes back up. He obviously couldn't do this without Emily's direction.

"Russ, I need a favor, as in urgent favor."

"The way things are going, I'm afraid to ask."

"Do you still have that authentic looking copy of your license?"

"Yeah it's in the safe next to yours."

"Send it to me...pronto."

"Parker..."

"Don't worry, Russ, I have a perfect plan."

Parker drove to the grocery store in town and picked up some basic staples for the house. Finding the refrigerator empty had hit another painful nerve. He had visuals of her fish falling to ground. And I had her vehicle towed, keeping her trapped like a mouse.

Parker walked around the lot of a dealership on the outskirts of Springfield. He hoped she'd like the brand new Ford Explorer. He'd keep it hidden until Emily was okay to drive; no use in reminding her of the limitations she had upon her. Then he drove to the impound lot and paid the kid an extra hundred bucks to have Emily's old Ford towed back to the house. Parker drove the new vehicle down to the old deserted barn and secured the doors shut. His last stop was the rental agency to switch cars. A different vehicle would be necessary if he was going to swap identities. Parker knew it was wrong to lie like this, but it was the only way he'd be allowed close enough to help her. This would be a short-term situation. I'll clear my conscience, then go back to my life. The more miles I put between me and this nightmare, the better. Parker had it all figured out.

***

With his new identification placed neatly in his wallet, Parker stepped off the elevator onto the third floor. He quickly walked past the nurse's station, just in case he was stopped. He couldn't risk getting thrown out again. Parker cautiously stepped into Emily's room and sat in a chair beside the bed, waiting for her to wake up.

The angry look on her face when she saw him spoke volumes.

"Before you scream, I'm not Parker. I'm his twin brother." He put his hands up in surrender.

"Bullshit!" Emily's voice rose, and Parker closed the door.

"Look," said Parker as he pulled out his wallet.

"Russell? You've got to be kidding me!"

"I work at Davis Enterprises, but I only do the books. When I heard what my brother Parker had done, I flew out here to make things right. I'm sorry for all of it."

"How can you even work for a company like that?"

"Parker really is my twin brother. We've only had each other our whole lives. I won't quit the business, but I can't say that I agree with my brother's ethics. I know you don't have use of your right arm, so I want to make sure you're set up to recuperate without any worries."

"He's tearing my grandfather's house down and building an airport. I hate him."

"I have papers with me. I stopped it all. Nothing is happening to your grandfather's house or the property. Davis Enterprises owns it at the moment, but I'm selling everything back to you for one dollar. I'll even provide the buck." Parker stuck his hand out. "Please let me make everything better for you. I'm willing to stay out here until you're completely situated and cared for."

Emily just stared at his hand. "I'll believe it when what you say comes true. Can you step in the hall please? I need to have the nurse come in and help me dress. I've been discharged."

Parker waited in the hall until the nurse came back with a wheelchair. "I can push her down to the car."

"I was just going to call a cab," Emily firmly replied.

"Emily, I'm right here and my car is close by. I'll drive you wherever it is you need to go." Just get in the chair...

"I'd appreciate going to my apartment." She was painfully aware her options were limited.

"Not a problem." Parker gave her his best smile.

Emily gave him her glare.

"Do you need to stop anyplace before we get to your apartment?"

"No, I don't think so."

Emily's apartment reminded Parker of a sardine can. The place was tidy other than the ugly dresses strewn out on the foot of the bed.

She saw all of the looks of disapproval on Russell's face. When you're a billionaire, you don't get reality. The faster I can get this pompous--Then it occurred to her. Why should I let this pathetic Davis family off the hook? She decided it was time to make them pay. If she couldn't get to one brother, she'd get to the other. The Davis family deserved what was coming to them.

"As a matter of fact, I think I'd like to go over to my grandfather's house until I get better."

"I think that's a great idea, Emily. Let me know what you need to take out of here and I'll put it in the car."

"Everything..."

"I'll call some movers and have everything packed up and delivered to the farm."

"No. I don't want strange men in my house. You're bad enough."

Seriously? "Who would you like me to call then?"

"You can do it. Not unless you're incapable of driving a moving van?"

"I just think it'll be easier--"

"Go up to the corner store, they always have boxes...If you don't want to help me that's fine. I'll just go to the press and spill my guts. I'll let everyone know how Davis Enterprises got to the top, and I'll unveil their tactics in public."

"You've got to be kidding." Parker's temper was beginning to rear its ugly head. "I'm trying to do the right thing."

"I'm not kidding. Move everything in the apartment. If you meant what you said you did, you'll help me."

"Fine. I'll be right back with boxes." Parker calmly walked to his sedan and shut the door. When he was safely away, he pounded the steering wheel with his fists and damned her to hell, many times.

After pulling up to the store, he realized he didn't have room to be hauling anything. He drove back to the rental place to swap the car out for an SUV. He was able to cram many empty boxes inside, but wasn't looking forward to being her slave. Just stay calm, Parker. When she realizes she isn't getting under your skin, she'll knock it off.

"I reserved the rental van. All you have to do is go pick it up." Emily smiled when he walked through the door.

"Don't you want to pack up these boxes first?"

"Russell, I don't feel very well when I'm on my feet. I'm afraid I'll have to stay off of them. How long do you think this'll take you?"

Years. "Not that long. You rest and I'll start packing." Parker had the strong urge to start whipping everything out the window. But he carefully placed her belongings in the boxes and set them by the door.

"Russell!" Emily contained her laughter.

Parker walked into the living room. "Did you need something, Emily?"

"Could you bring me some water so I can take my medicine? With all of these boxes, I don't want to trip and fall...again."

God. "Sure, no problem at all," replied a sweaty Parker as he fetched the glass of water. There was no air conditioning in the breadbox-sized apartment and the heat was getting to Parker. He took his shirt off and draped it over the back of a chair. When he worked his way to the bathroom to pack the room up, her voice cut through any sense of calm he felt.

"Russell!"

I'm going to kill her. "Yes?"

"The moving van?" Emily laughed at the sweat beading up all over his skin.

"How late are they open?"

"I'm not sure." Emily contained a smile. "But to be safe, you should pick it up now."

"Sure thing." Parker cringed when he had to put his sweaty shirt back on his body. He was happy to be going outside to get at least a little fresh air.

Emily waited until he drove away and then got up to check on his progress. She was impressed at how quickly he worked. She needed to call Mick and check on the clinic.

"Did you get home okay, Em?

"Yes, that Parker guy's brother is here helping me. He seems pretty nice. His name is Russell, and they're identical twins."

"Are you sure?" Mick didn't believe it for a second.

"Yeah, I saw his driver's license and everything. Parker flew back to New York, and his brother came to Colorado to give the land back to me and help me while I'm out of commission. I'm so sorry all the work is being dumped on you. When the pain lessens, I can come in and do some small things." Emily felt nothing but guilt.

"I just want you to relax and take care of yourself. You have no business even driving with your arm like that. Just rest up so you don't injure your arm further."

"I have to go now. Russell is here with the moving van. I'll call you in a few days, okay?"

"I'm going to stop by your grandfather's house in a day or two just to check on things. I can't before then, it's too busy. I'm working until nine at night some days."

"Mick, I feel so bad." Emily's eyes began to tear.

"Don't feel bad, you'd do the same for me. Besides, the techs have been super great with helping out. It's fine."

"I'll talk to you soon, Mick."

Emily hung up the phone just as Parker was walking in the door.

"Okay, the truck's outside. I don't know why you needed such a big one; you don't have that many boxes."

"Well, I need to move the furniture too..." Emily gave him a sweet smile.

"Your grandfather's house has furniture." Parker was fuming so he kept his back to her.

"I'm not moving without all my things." Emily would much rather have thrown out all her furniture that came from secondhand stores. She gave him a sad pouty look.

"Okay, fine. If you'd like, I can hire someone to clean this place out, then I'll buy you new things--" Parker was beginning to feel hopeful.

"No..."

Shit.

Chapter 7

After five hours and more than twenty demands from Emily, the truck was loaded. Parker helped her down to the truck and opened the door.

"I can't climb up in this thing."

Before she could open her mouth again, Parker lifted her up so she could get in the seat.

"There, all better." Parker walked around to the driver's side and climbed up behind the wheel.

"I'll have to stop at the grocery store before we get there. There's nothing to eat in the house."

"Parker told me he bought a few things, so we should be okay for a few days."

"What the hell do you mean by 'we'?"

"Someone has to stay there to help you out. It might as well be me." Parker could feel her angry stare. "Emily, it's just for another few days. You shouldn't have as much pain by then. After that I'll leave and have a caregiver hired."

"I think I need to have a caregiver now, but I'll need more done than what an aide can do. You'll have to stay close by." The last thing Emily was going to do was allow the Davis family to walk away like nothing ever happened. If she was going to be detained from living her life for months, so was Russell. Making him stay around to watch her suffering was her plan.

The end of the damn earth is too close to this woman. "Okay, tomorrow morning I'll make some calls. I wish you would have said something sooner. It'll be impossible to find someone tonight."

"I wish your brother would have let me know sooner he was going to ruin my life."

"Okay, okay. You can stop all the dogging. Let's just focus on your health."

"Don't show your temper to me." Emily was glad she was pissing him off.

Parker let Emily give him directions to the property. He was shocked that she hadn't instructed him on how to drive properly.

He slowly turned up the long driveway to her grandfather's house.

"The asshole got the RV out of here. That was mighty kind of him." Emily could feel herself getting worked up.

"I don't know anything about an RV, but there isn't one here now, so let's not worry about it." Parker wished she'd just shut up.

"Well, you should have seen him. The all high and mighty Mr. Jackass drove over the sharp rocks and flattened the tire on the thing. He didn't even know how to change it!" Emily began to laugh.

I could have changed it. "The RV isn't here. Let's not dwell on the past, shall we?" I should lock you up in the back of the truck.

Parker walked around and lifted her to the ground. He felt sweaty, dirty, hungry, and very irritable. All he wanted was a cool shower and a nice clean change of--Sonofabitch.

"I have to take the truck back and get my clothes. You'll have to come with me."

"No, I'm not going anywhere, I'm tired. Wear something of my grandfather's, the donation pile is in the house. I'll show it to you when we get inside."

When pigs fly..."I'd rather have my own things, Emily."

"That's great. You don't always get what you want."

Parker knew better than to open his mouth. The foul lineup of words he had at the back of his tongue wasn't going to help the situation.

Emily let him reach inside her purse for the key. He couldn't help himself. "You certainly don't carry very many items in your bag. I don't even see one single tube of lipstick..." Parker grabbed the key and turned his back as fast as he could. He was ready to fall out in laughter.

"Just unlock the door, I'm tired."

He held the door open while she walked inside. "Who was messing with the boxes? I bet that bastard went through my things while I was in the hospital!"

"Emily, I'm sure that Parker had better things to do than go through your belongings. Let's just settle in for the night. I'll sleep on the couch if you don't mind. I'd like to take a shower though."

"Don't settle in too quickly. I need my things out of the truck."

"What things?"

"My clothes and toiletries are packed in those boxes. Don't tell me you didn't label them."

"I'm not going back in that truck. Wear your grandfather's things."

"I'm not doing that!"

"Then throw a curtain around yourself. I'm not unloading anything else tonight. I'm exhausted and I just want to shower and get some rest."

Emily had a few changes of clothes upstairs, but he didn't need to know that.

"The towels are in the hallway. Don't be in there too long, I may need you for something."

"Oh I'm sure you'll yell for me at the top of your lungs if you come up with something," Parker mumbled under his breath.

"What did you just say?"

"Nothing. I'm jumping in the shower." Parker went to the closet and grabbed a washcloth and towel, and headed to the bathroom.

"I'm going upstairs to lie down. Keep the bathroom door open so you can hear me." Emily could tell that the apple didn't fall far from the tree in his case.

Parker waited until she made it up the stairs safely, then stripped down in the bathroom and turned on the shower. He let the water run over his body for a while before he found himself using rose-scented soap and shampoo. He bought plenty of flowers in his day, but he hated that scent on a woman, let alone himself. This just keeps getting better.

Emily didn't believe that Parker went out of his way to put groceries in the house for her. Sneaking downstairs, she whipped by the bathroom and looked in the kitchen. The refrigerator and cupboards were full. I can't believe this! Pop-Tarts! Emily was in heaven. She heard the shower shut off and quickly shut the cupboards and refrigerator. She ran through the kitchen, around the corner, and...there he was.

The cool breeze that drifted in from the living room felt good on his heated body after the hot shower. He dried himself off and then turned around. There stood Emily, mouth hung open, eyes roaming all over his body. Parker took his time wrapping the towel around his waist. He stepped into the living room and nonchalantly walked past her.

"Is there something you need?" Parker smiled at a very red-faced Emily.

"Uh, no. I-I was just getting a glass of something...water..." Emily still was shaken up. She'd never seen a more mouthwatering man in her life.

"There isn't any water in the living room. Not unless you'd like for me to take off my towel and ring it out." Parker was enjoying every second of this.

Without saying a word, Emily walked up the stairs and lay on the bed. She hadn't had time to be with a guy in so long. The last thing she did was allow herself to get attracted to anyone. She just simply had nothing to spare to nurture a relationship.

Emily tossed and turned for most of the night, while vivid images of Russell flooded her mind.

***

Looking like shit in his dirty clothes, but smelling like roses, Parker went to the foot of the stairs and called for Emily. "Would you like to stop and get some breakfast before we get my car? I have to unload the truck so that'll give you time to get ready."

"I can't get my clothes and shoes back on."

"Okay, I'm on my way up." Parker's irritation was evident when he loudly sighed.

"You're not seeing me like this!"

"Okay, that's fine. Hopefully an aide can be out here by this afternoon or tomorrow." Parker started back down the stairs.

"Wait! Okay you can come and help me, but keep your eyes closed!" Emily was already irritated. She'd been sitting there for forty-five minutes trying to get dressed. "Don't you dare look at me."

"The last thing I want is your body." He knew he stung her the moment the words left his mouth. Emily's brow furrowed and she looked down. "I wouldn't think like that about someone who was hurt or sick. If you were better..." Parker winked and smiled, trying to fix the blunder.

"Just help me so we can get this over with." She tried to be serious, but Parker saw her small smile she tried to hide.

"How do you want to do this?" Parker only had experience at undressing women.

"I'll turn around, then you can pull my jeans up and zip them while I rest against your chest. That way you can't look down where you aren't supposed to. Then slip my shirt over my cast, then my good arm, over my head and pull it down. Got it?" Emily wished she would have kept her bra on from the day before.

"Yep, my eyes are closed."

Emily stood up, dropped the sheet that was around her, and then grabbed her jeans that were down around her ankles. She pulled them up as much as she could while leaning her body against Parker's chest. He was over six feet tall; she was no more than five-foot-two. He just couldn't stop himself from being a heathen. He cracked open his eyes and looked down. Oh my God...Emily was naked. Her ivory skin felt like silk as he slowly brought her jeans up. He couldn't help from coming in contact with her beautiful butt. Reaching his hands around to get the zipper at its base was driving him nuts. So close...

Emily could hear his breathing become heavier. Her own body was responding. This was a very bad idea.

"Ok now your shirt." Without peeking, Parker slid her shirt over her bad arm, then the rest. He let her sit back down so he could tie her shoes. Afterward, Parker stood up and had to hurry out of the room.

Emily ran a brush through her long hair and brushed her teeth while the rental truck was being unloaded. She listened to Russell swear several times, which made her thrilled. It took him a lot less time to unload the truck than it did to load it. She was hoping to sit on the porch and have more fun at his expense.

"Be careful with that box, Russell!"

"It's your clothing, Emily. I doubt they'll break." I can't believe she has to start this shit first thing in the morning.

"Don't knick the wood on the bedframe!"

"Emily, I'm really sorry about what happened to you. I appreciate your helpful advice, but I don't need any." Ten, nine, eight, seven...

"I don't feel like having my things ruined, thank you very much."

"Okay, that's it. Your things were ruined before I even started to pack them. Just close it for a few minutes." Six, five, four...

"Did you just tell me to shut up? I ought to snap your neck just for being related to the bastard."

"Emily, I apologize. I'm just irritable this morning." Three, two...

"I think you're just a lazy rich guy who isn't used to manual labor. I find this hilarious." She knew she'd broken the last straw.

Russell cleaned out the back of the moving van and left everything in the yard. He slammed the door down, walked around to the driver's side, and slammed that door too. Revving the engine, he got the hell out of there as fast as he could. That ungrateful, whiney, bitchy woman. I'm done.

Emily sat there, stunned. She stared at her things which were sprawled out in the yard. She had no idea how she was going to manage getting them in the house. Emily was more than aware that she pushed Russell over the edge. Good. Hopefully the bastard will wreck and learn to not drive like an idiot.

Parker returned the truck to the rental place and then hopped in his SUV. He found a drive-thru and got some coffee, then sat in the parking lot and fumed. He'd have to hire someone today. If he had anything else to do with this woman, he'd kill her. After an hour, Parker had calmed down enough to go back to the house. He couldn't just leave her things in the yard.

Emily heard a vehicle coming up the driveway, but she couldn't look to see who it was. She was in the middle of dragging another box up the porch stairs by one of its flaps. Her arm was swelling up and throbbing, but the skies were getting cloudy and she couldn't risk her things getting damaged from rain.

When he spotted Emily, his pace quickened. "Emily! What are you doing? You're going to kill yourself, so just sit down." Parker looked at her swollen hand and then walked in the house to get some pillows. He led her to the porch swing and helped her sit. His guilty conscience began to rear its head again, especially when he saw the worried, determined look on her face.

"I didn't think you were coming back and it looks like it's going to storm. I can't have my things destroyed, Russell. I would love to replace them, but there's no way I can afford the cost. I don't have medical insurance and the hospital bills will take any extra money I make. I'm already falling behind on student loans. I need to just figure it out. There isn't any money to pay anyone to come in and help me. I'm not a freeloader and won't have you financially supporting me." Emily felt her cheeks redden.

"Emily, I wouldn't just leave you like that with no help and your belongings out here in the yard. I'm doing my best to help you, but you're intentionally making this process as difficult as possible. I just wish we could be friends and not at each other's throat all the time. I'm working as hard and fast as I can to make things better for you. I'll put these things away and unpack the boxes for you, but I'm not setting the furniture up, there's no need. Then I'll make some calls and get an aide in here to assist you. I'll pay for your care, I owe you that much. I'll get rid of your bills and, if it turns out your hand is permanently damaged, you won't have to work another day in your life."

"You don't get it, Russell. You work to make billions, but I take care of animals because I love it. There's a big difference. That's why I wanted to have a safe place for animals to live." Emily glanced over towards the mountains.

"I have papers for you back at the motel. They were delivered to the office manager, but I haven't had the time to pick them up. We'll get the sale taken care of today and have all this property put back in your name."

"You were serious about doing that?"

"Of course I was. I wouldn't lie to you." You just don't know who I am, and you never will.

"I don't have rent to pay anymore after moving out of my apartment, so I might have enough in savings to get my truck out of impound, but that's about it. I definitely don't have enough money to buy this land, especially since your brother bought it for five million."

"Emily, you received five million from the sale. I don't want you giving it back."

"Well I kind of ripped it up..."

"It's fine, I can easily replace it. We can deposit the money into your account while we pick up the paperwork."

"If you're giving me the property back, then that money isn't mine."

"Consider it some compensation for all the problems my brother caused. I won't be happy unless you take the money. I'd be even more happy if you'd let me add to that amount and pay for all your bills and expenses."

Emily looked deep into his eyes. They looked kind, gentle, and sincere. This is exactly how they manipulate people. "Thank you for everything you've done. But I'm not willing to trust you farther than I can throw you."

Chapter 8

Parker was quickly unpacking the boxes. He had to be done with this woman and get the hell away from her.

"Easy with those, Russell." Emily was proud of herself for calling a spade a spade. She knew she pissed him off. Good!

"Go in the house, Emily."

"Don't tell me what to do..."

"We're done talking. I can't even tolerate your voice anymore. Do you bitch at everyone you meet?" Parker watched her stomp off. When he finished unpacking, not even caring if anything was in the right place, he hollered for her from the front door.

"Let's go!"

Emily slowly walked downstairs, taking her sweet time. As Parker held the door open for her, he was tempted to hit her with it. "Could you move any slower?"

Emily ignored the comment and then sauntered over to the passenger door of the SUV. Parker opened the door and sighed while he helped her inside. He wasn't looking forward to being trapped in a vehicle with her.

He got the papers from the front office and brought them over to Emily.

"Here, sign on the highlighted areas."

Emily began to read each page, word for word. Parker stood there tapping his foot.

"It's all legal, Emily. Just sign the lines so we can give you back your property. Parker wrote out a company check for twenty million and signed his name. See? It's all legal." The only legible part of his signature was his last name.

"I'm not taking twenty million. I don't want a dime from you."

Parker clenched his jaw, and she tore up the check. "I'll be right back." He went inside his motel room and called information. When he was through with a couple of phone calls, he went back outside.

"We're going to an appointment."

"What kind of appointment, Russell? I have my own doctors."

Parker ignored the question and went over the speed limit until he reached the parking lot of Tender Care. He got out, walked around the truck, and opened the passenger door.

"Why are we here? I can find my own help."

Parker ignored her again, walked to the entrance, and held the door open. Once again, Emily took her time.

"Hello, I'm Russell Davis, and this is Emily Carson. I wanted to set up twenty-four hour assistance for her. I'll pay the bill."

After a long interview process to identify what Emily would need, Parker began to feel some relief.

"She'll need someone for this evening. I'll be leaving town as soon as possible."

"Good!" Emily said loudly.

Parker glared at her. "The earlier, the better." He looked at Emily and smiled.

"I can have someone out there at seven this evening. That's the earliest."

Parker arranged for the bill to be sent to Davis Enterprises, then held the door open again.

"So you're just going to leave me at that house?"

"No, but I'll find a way to stay far away from you. If you want to go get a bite to eat on the way we can. I'm sure there's a restaurant that can give you a good rawhide to help sharpen your fangs."

"You're such a smug asshole, you know that?"

Their meal was quiet. Neither trusted themselves to speak to the other in public. When they were settled back inside the SUV, Parker got out his phone.

"Rhonda, I need a flight out of here."

"Russell has the jet, my dear. He should be back tomorrow."

"I'm not staying here another day. Book me a flight out of Springfield. Call me back with the info."

"Pissy?" Rhonda laughed.

"Rhonda..."

"Okay! I'll call you in a bit."

Parker heard her laughing when she hung up. Why are women crazy? "Hopefully I'll be out of your hair in a few hours, Emily."

"Just get me back to the house. It's getting ready to really storm."

"A little bit of rain isn't going to make you melt. You are void of anything sweet, so I wouldn't worry about that if I were you."

"This isn't funny. I hate storms." Emily didn't even come back with something flip, which shocked Parker.

"Why are you afraid of a storm? You have a roof over your head and someone to stay here with you. Hopefully when I get to New York, it'll be nice."

"Russell, look at the clouds. This isn't good."

"Emily, it's a storm. Get over it."

"No, Russell, look at the clouds, I'm being serious." Emily's eyes were like saucers.

Parker saw the fear on her face. "I'll get you in the house, fix you something warm to drink, and turn on the television. Just ignore the thunder and lightning."

"Try to drive faster, Russell. I really mean it. We need to take cover."

"You're really scared, aren't you?" Parker would have rather she be mean and not tug at his heart strings. He hated to see a woman in distress.

"I was in a tornado and had to hide in a drainage ditch. What I saw...I thought I was going to die. The storms out here can be horrid."

"Okay, I'll hurry and get you settled in the house." Parker definitely noticed the black clouds and their movement. He accelerated, trying to get ahead of the storm. He wasn't very successful. The wind was strong; the rain was falling like a river. He pulled in the driveway and then ran around to open the door for Emily.

"Run, Russell!" Parker wrapped an arm around her to help her move against the strong wind. Once inside, they realized they'd lost power.

"Emily, where's the flashlight?"

She ran to a drawer and pulled one out. "Grab food, water, and blankets, Russell, hurry!"

Parker did as he was told, moving as fast as he could. Emily grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the back door. With as much strength as he could, he held the door open against the wind while Emily ran around back to the cellar.

"I haven't been in here in years! Use the light to see the steps!"

"I have to go back inside and grab water! I couldn't carry it all!" Their voices were barely heard in the storm. "Get inside, your cast is soaked!" Emily nodded, then went down the steps. Suddenly, the rain stopped. The familiar sound of a freight train made her scream.

Parker saw the tornado in the field as soon as he rounded the corner of the house. He ran back to the cellar as fast as he could. With great effort, he closed the cellar doors, grabbed Emily's hand, and hurried her to the farthest corner. She was crying hysterically.

"Emily! It's going to be okay," said Parker, even though he didn't believe one word of it. He wrapped the blanket around them both, then pulled her to the ground with him. As they lay face down, Parker tried to shield her with his own body the best he could without crushing her. The sounds of the house getting torn to shreds seemed like they lasted for hours instead of a minute.

When he was sure the tornado was gone, he got up and headed back up the steps to the cellar door. He couldn't budge it. Parker knew they were buried. He got out his phone, only to see he had no signal.

"We're trapped in here, aren't we?" Emily was still crying.

"Yeah, I can't get the door open. My phone isn't working."

"Russell, no one will find us!"

"Emily, listen to me," began Parker as he pulled her into his arms. "They'll know we're down here. My secretary will find out there's a problem when she tries to book my flight. She won't be able to contact me and she'll send someone. We once owned this land, she knows where it is." Emily nodded but continued to sob. Parker pulled her into his chest.

"Do you have a radio down here?" Parker was hoping to check on the weather.

"Yeah, but I doubt you'll find good batteries. My grandfather kept up on everything. I'm sure that stopped once he knew he was sick."

Parker found the radio and she was right; it was dead. They sat in the dark, conserving the flashlight batteries. When Emily would start to cry, Parker would make small talk.

"Where did you grow up?" Parker still had his arms around her.

"Here, in Springfield...on this land as a matter of fact."

"I didn't notice another house. Do you see your parents often?" Parker knew there had to be a problem or certainly her parents would be helping her.

"Our house caught on fire. I was here spending the night with my grandfather when it happened, or I'd be dead too. I miss them both."

"I'm so sorry to hear that, Emily."

"It was a long time ago. I was just a kid, but I remember seeing our house in flames and the sounds of my grandfather screaming their names just like it was yesterday. There were crowds of people, and I thought my parents were mixed in with them."

They sat in silence for a while. Parker hoped that she'd fall asleep, but she didn't. In the quiet, dark cellar, they both heard the sound of debris being moved, and footsteps.

"Help!" They both yelled.

"You're okay! I need help getting this stuff off the cellar door! Sit tight, I'll be right back!"

Emily threw her arms around Parker and kissed his cheek. "Oh my God!"

Parker hugged her back, then they anxiously waited. The sound of a tractor got louder as it approached the back of the house. It took about thirty minutes before the engine was shut off and the cellar door opened.

"Is everyone okay? Emily Carson, are you in here?"

"Yes, I'm coming up!" Parker helped Emily up the steps. She suddenly stopped. "Oh..." She went down to her knees.

Parker stood on the stairs behind her and looked at a third of the house, the only part left standing. He knelt and wrapped his arms around Emily as she cried.

"I'm from Tender Care. The agency spread out to check on our patients who live in this area. I'm glad you two are okay. You obviously can't stay here, Emily. There's a church that opened its doors and we're making a temporary shelter there. I'm sorry, sir, but our space is limited."

"It's okay, I have a motel room if the place is still standing."

"It should be. The tornado didn't reach downtown."

"Come with me, Emily, so I can get you over there."

Emily let the young man with unruly blond hair and a name tag that read "Tyler" help her up. As he led her away, Parker watched her turn around, her face saddened.

"She can stay with me," said Parker as he saw the look of sadness turn to relief.

"You won't mind?" Emily asked, full of hope.

Parker winked as he held out his hand, but the SUV was nowhere to be seen. "I think we could use a lift," said Parker as he chuckled. He tried to make Emily smile, but he wasn't successful.

"Sure thing. Come with me to the road and watch your step."

Parker held Emily close in case she tripped. Parts of trees and the house littered the driveway. "How did you get down here?" Parker knew he didn't take this route.

"I drove over to another house and borrowed the tractor. There's an area on the other side that I was able to find." Emily sat between the two men, and Tyler wrapped his arm around her and pulled her close, trying to provide comfort.

Parker couldn't wait to get Emily away from him.

When the pickup stopped, Parker was relieved that the motel was standing. After saying their thanks and goodbyes, he reached for his phone. Luckily it was working.

"Rhonda, there was tornado, but I'm okay. I don't know how long I'll be here so you can cancel the flight."

"A Tornado?!"

"Yeah, I'm fine though. I'll touch base soon." He turned his attention back to Emily when he heard her voice crack. When he ended the call to Rhonda, he dialed the rental agency requesting another SUV. He added a bonus if they'd get one to him right away.

"I have to see if I can get my apartment back. I have nowhere to live if I don't. I can't believe my grandfather's house is gone..." Emily looked at the ground but felt a hand under her chin.

"Emily, you'll always have a place to live. We can rebuild your grandfather's house the way it was, or you can pick out a different design. I don't ever want you to worry about that."

"You have to go back to New York. You can't stay here just for me."

"Let me worry about that, okay? For now I think we need to get a new cast on your arm." Another SUV was delivered to the motel. Parker helped Emily climbed inside. He had to get the wet cast off her.

Parker sat in the orthopedic surgeon's office while he waited for Emily to come out. Her bright pink cast made him smile. "Well that's certainly bright."

"The doctor said it'll be on for some weeks yet, so I should like it. He gave me good news; he doesn't think I have any permanent nerve damage."

"Nice!" Parker softly patted her back. "Do we need to go pick you up any medicine?"

"Everything I owned was in that house. I have nothing." Emily's cheeks turned red.

"You have me!" Parker smiled, and then it dawned on him what he'd said. "I'm one heck of a friend." Saved.

"I think the first stop should be the bank. I don't have my debit card or any cash." Emily didn't know how she was going to make it.

"Okay, that sounds like a plan." Parker drove Emily to the bank in silence. He wished he would have kept his mouth closed. "They're closed, Emily. I can buy you whatever you need."

"Russell, you don't have to spend money on me."

"I don't want to get in an argument with you. It was a statement, not a question. Do you have the prescription?"

"Yeah, but you have to let me pay you back."

Parker rolled his eyes and drove to the pharmacy. The wait was going to be an hour, so he took her to a nearby restaurant. They ate in silence for just a short time.

"What about your family? Did you take over the business from your father or is he still working?"

"I was raised in foster homes with my brother. It wasn't any fun. When you live like we did, you learn how to wheel and deal at a young age. My brother and I run the business. No one helped us, especially not any parents. We don't even know who they are."

"Wow, I'm really sorry..."

"Don't be." Parker smiled and tried to keep up the small talk, but she just kept looking out the window. She wasn't even listening to him.

"Emily, what's wrong?"

"Everything..."

Parker reached over and took her hand. "It's going to be okay, I promise. Did you decide if you want a new house or design a different one to be built? We can even have it located in a different area."

"I've been nothing but horrible to you. Why are you trying to help me so much?"

Yeah, Parker...Why are you?

Chapter 9

When they pulled up at the motel, Emily got a concerned look on her face.

"What's the matter?" Then it occurred to him. "I'll go check in at the desk and get you your own room if you'd like. But I wouldn't be able to help you then."

"I could call you if I needed something," Emily kept staring out the window.

"Alrighty then, be back in a minute." Parker walked to the office but had no luck in getting a second room. Due to the damage, many people were staying in town. Parker walked back and opened Emily's door.

"Did you find another room?"

"They're booked up because of the storm. Don't worry, I'll try to snore and keep you turned off." Parker laughed and gave her a big smile. He'd never been in bed with a woman without having pure lust on his mind. He wasn't worried about Emily, though...not in the slightest.

"You don't have to snore to keep me turned off, trust me." Emily took his hand and climbed out of the SUV.

Thank God. Parker had never denied a woman in the bedroom and didn't want to have to start now. After the expectations had been indirectly set, he opened the motel room door for her. It wasn't a large area. She was surprised that a billionaire had actually rented a regular room. There was a queen-sized bed, small table and lamp, desk, and television.

"Russell, I don't have any clothes." Emily let out a long sigh.

"We can shop tomorrow. Tonight you can sleep in one of my t-shirts if you'd like."

"I'd like to get cleaned up before bed. Can you tie one of those garbage bags around my arm?"

"I sure can." Parker wanted to be a good host. The last thing he needed was for Emily to be running off to that Tyler guy for help. Why do you care? Parker wasn't normally jealous. He didn't hang out with women long enough to get any attachments going.

"Could you do it now? I'd really appreciate it."

Parker got a garbage bag from one of the drawers and tied it around her arm. "Here, you can wear this one." He handed her a large white t-shirt and set the bathroom up so she wouldn't have to do anything.

"Russell, what if I need help in there? Maybe I should have gone with Tyler."

"Emily, I've already helped dress you once. Did anything happen? No. Did I get out of line? No. Honestly, you're a beautiful woman but messing around with you isn't on my mind in the slightest."

Parker was real proud of himself. He flipped on the news and stretched out on the bed. This was definitely going to be easy. He thought of Emily like he'd think of a sister. He wanted to help her out and that was all...until the shower turned off.

"Russell! Can you help me for a minute? Make sure you keep your eyes closed, please!"

Shit. There went his safety net.

Emily had dried off as best she could, but she'd definitely need some help. She hated to ask him, but he made it very clear that there wouldn't be any advances made.

"Safe to come in?" Parker asked at the door.

"Kind of. There's a towel on the counter you can grab. Could you dry the back of me off? I can't reach it. Don't peek!" Emily warned.

Opening the door slowly with his eyes closed, Parker picked the towel up and took a few steps. He held out the hand holding the towel until he felt contact with her. He moved the towel gently up and down the back of her body. He just couldn't help from looking. Damn...He found himself hurrying to get out of the cramped room.

"That's good," said Emily. "Thank you."

That looked very good, thought Parker.

He gladly went back out and watched the television. Parker found infomercials and had no intentions of watching anything else. He knew that would put him to sleep...until she stepped out of the bathroom. He'd never seen his t-shirt look that good.

"Do you mind if I sleep on this side in case I have to get up in the middle of the night?"

"Uh..."

"Russell, could you move over and let me sleep on this side?"

"Sure..." Parker's eyes were glued on her.

"Russell?"

"Yeah..."

"Russell!! Look at my face when I talk to you!"

"I'm sorry, it's just strange seeing someone else wearing one of my shirts." Parker let out a small laugh.

"Yeah, right. Move over."

He slid over, and after he knew she'd gotten in bed okay, he reached up and turned off the light. His body was facing the window. If he was any closer to the edge of the mattress, he would have fallen on the floor.

"Good night, Russell, and thank you for everything."

"Good night, Emily, sweet dreams."

Emily was still awake at two in the morning. She could feel his body heat under the covers and, occasionally, their skin briefly touched. She found herself wanting to move closer to him, as it had been such a long time since she'd been in the comfort of a man's arms.

Parker tried to move as little as possible. He knew better than to turn his body so he was facing her, but his side and back were starting to get sore. Slowly, trying not to wake Emily, he turned. Her body was just inches from his, and he saw her quickly shut her eyes.

"You can't sleep either, Emily?"

"Not really. This bed isn't very comfortable."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. I think I'll try to relax in the chair. That'll give you more room to stretch out." Parker quickly got up and leaned back in the chair. He still couldn't sleep. Emily had moved around in the bed and the covers had slid down around her feet. His t-shirt was bunched up above her waist, and the beautiful curves of her body were quite visible. Parker tried to keep his eyes closed but failed miserably. The light that filtered through the break in the curtains illuminated her body. She's making me nuts.

Emily was sleeping until she heard his loud sighs behind her. She turned on her back, wishing her right side was an option. The big cast was really uncomfortable.

"Russell, you still can't sleep?"

"You want honesty?"

"What's wrong?"

"I was in bed with a half-naked, beautiful woman, and that isn't very conducive to sleep. I should probably go sit in the truck." Why the hell did you say that?

Emily reached down and pulled the covers up to her neck. "I'm sorry, Russell. I wish there was someplace else I could go. I can put my clothes back on if you think that would help." Knowing she was turning him on was making the situation impossible.

"No, I just need to stop acting like a teenager." Parker laughed, but he was having serious trouble breaking the attraction for Emily. She's mean, she hates you, she hit you, she's a train wreck...Convincing himself wasn't working.

"I'll put my clothes on..."

"No. You're doing fine, I'm the one acting like a misbehaving male."

"Come to bed, Russell. You can't touch me if I don't let you; you're not that kind of guy. If you were, you'd have done something when you helped me get dressed at the house. You aren't going to get any sleep in that chair."

"Not a good idea, Emily," Parker warned.

"I promise to stay as far away as possible and keep the covers up to my chin. You won't even have to look at me."

"It's not about having to look at you. I want to look at you. This is a really bad idea..." Parker stood up and let the blanket fall, but wasn't fast enough in getting his jeans from the floor.

Emily saw his arousal and felt like she hadn't allowed herself to feel in a long time. "Wait, Russell. Where are you going?"

"I'll sleep in the truck." Parker looked down at himself, then at Emily's moonlit face. He quickly reached for his jeans, that didn't quite fit anymore.

"Come here..." What the hell are you thinking? Emily couldn't believe her thoughts spilled out of her mouth.

"If I come over there, I'm not going to behave. We both know this."

"I know," said Emily. "It takes two, so don't worry about it. I'm totally in control of myself."

"Okay, but just keep the covers up and try to avoid touching me and breathing heavy. Don't let your hair brush my chest or arm anymore, and don't stretch. Please don't stretch..."

"Russell, it's late. Come get some sleep."

Parker slid his uncomfortable jeans off and then climbed back in the bed. Sleep continued to evade him, especially with Emily's long, soft hair on his arm, her deep breathing, and periodic stretching. At six in the morning, he woke her up.

"Emily, let's go get some coffee and breakfast before the restaurant gets crowded. The motel is full."

Emily opened her eyes and stretched.

Shit. Parker quickly got out of bed.

"Okay, let me just throw on my clothes. Will you help me?"

"Uh sure." He was beginning to think that maybe she should have gone with that Tyler guy.

"You know, I can call the agency and have Tyler come and help me. Yeah, let me do that."

Before Parker could protest, she was on the phone giving them the room number. The cold shower only helped briefly. He watched her walk around, gathering her clothes and running a brush through her long hair. The knock on the door brought him back to his senses.

"I'm here to help Emily. Russell, isn't it?" Tyler stuck out his hand.

The thoughts of this man looking at Emily naked were pissing him off. "No, I'm helping her. I was sleeping when she asked for assistance. I'm awake now so no need. Thanks though." Parker shut the door.

Emily walked out of the bathroom. "Who was that?"

"Wrong room. I'm starving so let me help you. We need to get going."

"Are you sure?" Emily looked at him suspiciously.

"Absolutely." Parker tried hard to keep his eyes closed as he helped remove his t-shirt off her body. When she leaned against him as he helped with her jeans, she felt his arousal.

"Just hurry, Russell, and it won't be that bad."

Parker went as fast as he could. He knew he was in for a very long day.

Just when he thought there was some hope, Emily began to nibble on her fruit. The way she put the section of orange in her mouth, the sounds, her wet lips, sent him over the edge. He couldn't help himself. Parker got up, slid on her side of the booth, put his hand behind her head and quickly brought her mouth to his. He suckled the juice from her wet lips.

Emily thought about fighting the kiss which shocked her beyond belief, but it felt too good, too powerful. Her lips parted and the pressure of his mouth on hers, his hungry tongue tasting hers, and his pent-up moan made her over respond. But the kiss didn't last long.

"Get a room!" Shouted a father sitting with two gawking teenagers.

With a slight smile, Parker threw money on the table, grabbed Emily by the hand, and led her out of the restaurant.

"Russell, I'm sorry about that. I promised to be the strong one..."

Before she could snap out of the mood, Parker took her mouth again and pushed her up against the building. He pressed his body firmly against her, wishing more than anything to be back in the bed. Thoughts of her beautiful body flooded his mind.

"Wait, stop." Emily walked forward as Parker instantly moved away.

"Sorry, Emily, I got carried away."

"Well, at least we got that out of our system, so let's go take care of business." Emily fixed her hair and straightened out her clothes the best she could. That kiss did anything but get this gorgeous man out of her system. "I want to go by the property and see it."

"Okay," said Parker as he reluctantly walked to the SUV. The last thing on his mind was taking care of any business.

The destruction was still evident. Luckily, the tornado hadn't spent much time on the ground. The trees and debris still littered the long driveway, and he worried about Emily walking through it all. For the first time, Parker noticed the barn was barely touched. He smiled at the thought of Emily's face when he unveiled her new truck. Everything else on the property was gone or destroyed. The place where he'd parked the RV was totally covered with debris and huge trees. He would have been killed if he was still there.

"Russell, there's really no hope of salvaging this house. Seeing part of the old place I grew up in would just remind me of the tornado. I'd rather just keep the good memories I have."

When Parker saw the sadness and water in her eyes, he put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close to him. "Emily, I'll get someone out here to clean the area up. I don't think you should come out to the property anymore until it's finished."

Before Emily could respond, Parker's phone rang. It was Russell.

"Excuse me, Emily, this is a boring business call." Parker quickly stepped away, knowing that Russell was calling him over something important.

"What's up?" answered Parker.

"Get to New York. We got a big problem on our hands. Speaking of big, that RV is huge. Thanks, bro."

"I'll be on the next flight, and you're welcome. I can't chat, Emily's close by."

"The jet's on its way to Denver. Keep little Miss Carson away from the paper, or your cover is blown."

Parker hung up the phone with feelings of utter doom.

"Emily, I have to get back to New York and take care of some business. We need to pack and get you on a plane with me."

"I can't go anyplace, Russell. My doctor's here and I have this mess to deal with."

"I'll have you back here for your appointments, but I can't exactly leave you in Colorado to fend for yourself." Parker was growing impatient.

"Just go, then. I'll call the agency and have Tyler help me out. Plus, I don't have any clothes, Russell."

"No. Tyler won't be helping you."

"You're the one who hired the people and you won't let them help me?" Emily stared at him in disbelief.

"They're not very good. You called for assistance and they never even showed up. I take better care of you. Let's go." Without waiting for her to respond, he grabbed her hand and began escorting her back to the road.

"I'm not going to New York with you and coming in contact with your scumbag brother Parker." Emily's brow furrowed. Just the thought of seeing that creep again filled her with rage.

"I promise to keep Parker away from you. You'll be nice and comfortable in my apartment. There are lots of shops where you can buy new things, and I'll still be around when you need me. I'm not arguing with you, Emily. There isn't a choice here."

She carefully tried to consider her options. She could go to the gym with God knows how many people, stay alone out here with no help, or go be taken care of. They shouldn't have to stay in New York for too long. "Do you have two beds?" Emily didn't want to risk sleeping with him.

"Yes, there's more than one room." Parker didn't mind having to drop everything to fly back to New York, as damage control was his top priority, always. Having to hide more truth from Emily was hitting him in the stomach. He knew the situation was out of control or it would have been handled over the phone. When Russell warned him to keep Emily away from the paper, all flags went up. If she couldn't get near a paper, then she wouldn't be allowed near a television.

"I guess I can watch television or something while you're gone."

"I don't have one." He'd make sure to call his brother as soon as possible. His apartment would definitely need adjusted. This can't get much worse.

Little did he know...

Chapter 10

Russell paced the floor of his office like a caged tiger. Parker had really caused some problems. This Emily Carson was going to be damaging. He called his wife on the office phone, knowing he couldn't put the conversation with her off any longer.

"Rhonda, come in here so we can talk please."

She had been frazzled all morning. Reporters were blowing up the phone lines, staff was asking questions, investors were raising the roof with their loud voices, and she was more than pissed.

"Good, at least you're going to fill me in on whatever has happened," Rhonda said sarcastically. She walked inside of Russell's office and closed the door, shaking her head when she looked at him. "So spill it."

"Parker could be sleeping with the enemy. I think that's what happened."

"You better start from the beginning, Russell. If you miss one detail, you'll be sleeping on the couch for the next month. What does that have to do with you? Your brother sleeps with lots of women." Rhonda laughed.

"He's Russell to this woman. I'm Parker..."

"Oh my God...You two did that shit? Seriously??"

"Honey, this just snowballed into a giant mess. Trust me, I've learned. We set the rules a long time ago when it came to women. We'd be ourselves--"

"This is an ugly, long story, isn't it?" said Rhonda bitterly as she cut him off.

"Go get us some coffee and put your feet up."

Rhonda glared at him and then left to get the coffee. Anything that involved a woman and Parker Davis certainly wouldn't be a serious thing. She didn't know why this would be any different or what made her husband so involved.

***

Emily climbed the steps to board the jet. She wasn't impressed. Just knowing that Parker Davis had been on it made it tainted, along with anything he'd touched. Hopefully she wouldn't have to sit where he'd been planted while he schemed to take things from other people just to make himself rich. The thought sickened her.

"Why do you look so upset, Emily?"

"I just hate being near anything that Parker Davis is associated with."

"He's my brother, so I'm associated with him. Do you hate me too?" Parker laughed, but stopped instantly as soon as he saw the fire in her eyes.

"You know what I mean, Russell. I feel bad for you being related to such a criminal."

Parker was more than determined now to keep her away from the truth. Once settled, he encouraged Emily to close her eyes and get some rest on the flight. He excused himself to go to the restroom. After the door was shut he phoned his brother.

"Russell, Emily is on the flight with me. She'll be staying at my penthouse. Head over there and sweep it of my name."

"You're bringing her with you?!"

"Would you rather she stays in Colorado? She hates Parker Davis enough to feed into any bad press. We can't risk it, and while you're at it, inform Rhonda."

"Rhonda's already pissed off..."

"Just pop over there. I have magazines and newspapers delivered that'll be in clear view. Get rid of them; remove my mail and anything else you see with my name."

"Okay, on it. You owe me big time."

"Get rid of the television."

"I sure do want to carry your television, I've been dreaming of getting to do that, Parker." Russell sighed and rolled his eyes. "But yeah, we can't have her eyes on the news. I'm heading over there now. I'll call Rhonda and she'll have a car pick you up at the airport. I'm in the doghouse at the moment. Well we both are actually."

"Don't forget to let her know I'm Russell." Parker was trying to speak as quickly as possible.

"Oh I did. She told me to tell you to eat shit."

***

Parker sat back down beside Emily, not even believing how big this whole thing had gotten. He wished she would just take however many millions she wanted and go away. He quickly cleared these thoughts from his head because he knew she wasn't a woman chasing dollar signs and never would be. She just wants my blood.

Emily couldn't wait to get off the plane. She wondered how many lives Parker Davis ruined to pay for this thing. Her head throbbed at the thought of being back in New York. She watched a black limo pull up in front of them.

"Is this your brother's too?" Emily glared at the driver like it was his fault.

"Emily, this belongs to Davis Enterprises. After you see the traffic, you'll be glad that you can just relax instead of navigating these streets."

"So where's your house? Some fancy sky rise that your brother built?"

"Let's get going," said Parker as he smiled. He couldn't risk doing anything that would make Emily hightail it out of there.

After getting her situated, Parker leaned back and closed his eyes. He hoped that Russ had enough time to get his penthouse in check.

Emily couldn't relax. She was getting more anxious by the minute. What if the dumbass was Russell's neighbor? I'll send him running and screaming like a little school girl. This was the first time Emily smiled. She dug out her phone so she could do a search on Parker Davis. He couldn't possibly live too far from the office. The battery was almost dead, the charger buried in the rubble from the tornado. There were missed calls, but when she got to Russell's place, she could answer the messages.

"What are you doing?" Parker reached over and grabbed her phone.

"Give that back to me!"

"I was getting ready to tell you about all the cool things we're passing, and here you are on the phone..." How could I have forgotten about her phone?!

"I don't want to know about this city, Russell. I just want to leave New York as soon as possible." Emily reached for her phone. Parker had no choice but to give it back to her. He slid over on her side and held her hand.

"You know I always wanted to be a veterinarian. What was school like?" Parker smiled over his quick wit while he listened to Emily talk almost nonstop. If he never heard another word about surgical procedures on animals, that would be just fine with him.

***

Russell closed the storage room, thankful that he didn't have to haul that television farther than what he did. When he walked back inside the penthouse he did another sweep and found nothing else damning. He spread out the few pieces of mail he remembered to bring that were addressed to Russell Davis. Thankfully he found the three laptops and got them out of there as well. All the company needed was to have this crazy woman with access to the internet. Closing the door behind him, he whistled as he walked to the elevator. Once inside, a call from Rhonda snapped him back to attention.

"Russell, it seems like the reporter who started this mess lives in Colorado. William Lovette is a columnist from the Baldwin Tribunal. I'm thinking that Emily Carson may have gone to the press. William Lovette signed the online guestbook on Emmitt Carson's obituary page..."

Russell's shoulders slumped. If he really is sleeping with her, I'll kill him.

"Okay, here we are," said Parker as he assisted Emily out of the limo.

"Why were reporters all out front like that?"

"We have a few celebrities in the building. The limo windows are tinted, and they just want pictures of them. They don't know it's just us." He immediately spotted her phone on the seat when she got up. Well that was easy. He smiled as the limo drove away.

"Russell, my phone!"

"It's okay, Emily, the driver works for the company and will return it. I'll call now so don't worry." Parker dialed Russell.

"Gary, this is Russell Davis. My guest Miss Emily Carson left her phone in the back. Can you make sure it's returned?"

"Okay, I'll get rid of it. I'll be very happy when you stop digging our graves." Russell had never experienced so much stress.

"Thank you, Gary. Have a nice day."

"I sure will, just as soon as you quit turning my life into a three ring circus. Oh and by the way, I think Emily Carson was the one who unleashed the bloodhounds in the media." Russell hung up the phone and walked to the window. He didn't even wait for his brother's response. This lie of Parker's was going to infect him directly. He could feel it with every fiber of his being. Rhonda will have my head on a platter.

***

Parker was getting pissed. Having to deal with the nonstop calls from the press that Rhonda refused to deal with, ugly looks from Russell, not to mention the reporters who gathered every morning in front of his building, was sending him over the edge. The camera flashes were blinding him. He knew he could get through this as long as he kept Emily far away from the outside world.

He was a charmer when it came to the public, press, and business world. Even though he was in his element, Parker was relieved to go home and sit and talk with Emily. He desperately needed to just relax. But relaxing wasn't easy, especially after Russell informed him about Emily's close ties to the press. When Parker walked into his penthouse, it surprised him how much he looked forward to seeing Emily Carson, especially when she was trying to publicly cut his throat. He was also aware the clock was ticking. He'd have to get her back to Colorado for her appointments and wasn't looking forward to Emily being in the same area as William Lovette. Quick thinking was his specialty; dealing with women was not.

***

Emily roamed around the penthouse, getting more livid as the days wore on. Russell had no television, computer...nothing. There was no way she could tolerate another nap. Being alone was getting old, and she didn't even have a phone to access. Even though Emily loved to read and was grateful for the large supply of books Russell had delivered, she wanted to leave. She was more than relieved when she heard a key in the door. She wasn't happy about being refused her own key.

"Emily, you look pretty anxious. Is something wrong?" Parker approached her with a genuine smile.

"I want to leave, Russell. Either you get me out of New York, out of this dungeon I'm trapped in, or I'll go by myself." Emily gave him a genuine glare.

"I think you're in need of some tender love and care. I've been preoccupied and I apologize." Parker leaned over and kissed her cheek, trying to calm her tension.

"Why don't you take me out? Can we go for dinner or something? I'm trapped in here! I'm totally being kept against my will, Russell. I would at least like my own key so I don't have to be stuck inside here..."

"Emily, it's for your own safety. Until the press leaves, they will stalk you. Security is very tight right now, and I'm having them keep a special eye on you."

"I'll risk it. I'm going out for a while, Russell. If I can't get back in, I'll just get a motel room." Emily stood up and headed for her purse.

The reporters were still camping the front doors looking for comments. Parker knew that she'd be more than happy to stand there and add to the crusade to give his company a vile image. He was certainly not going to allow her near the media. "Emily, can we talk?" Parker led her to the sofa by her hand. What the hell am I supposed to talk about?

"I guess a conversation is better than nothing..."

Think Parker, think! "I really miss spending entire days with you. But I promised myself that I'd keep some distance to avoid--" Dumbass!

"Avoid? Avoid what?"

"I've said before how attractive you are. That kiss at the restaurant was sweet, but it didn't make things better for me."

"You could have fooled me, Russell. You're the one who started that damn kiss to begin with!"

"No, Emily, this is what it caused..." Parker, without touching her with his hands, leaned over and softly took her mouth. The best way to shut a woman up is by planting one on her. She could quickly pull away if she wanted. He nibbled on her pouty lower lip and left everything else up to her. When he felt Emily's arm around his waist, he slowly moved closer, leaning her back against the sofa until his body was against hers. Soon the reason behind the kiss changed. He felt the fire rush through him. Feeling her lips part to invite his tongue caused a moan to slip from his throat.

Emily pulled away from his mouth a few inches. "Russell--" Her potential protest was lost in the moment. Parker pulled off his shirt as he got up and walked towards the bedroom. She heard his pants unzip and drop to the floor. The humming of the jacuzzi made her follow him, and when she saw his gorgeous, naked body, she stopped moving. Her hungry eyes feasted on his muscular presence as he stepped into the large tub.

"Do you want to join me?" asked Parker seductively.

"I can't get my cast wet," Emily replied, as her eyes continued to feast.

"Your cast won't get wet. Come here." Parker stepped back out of the jacuzzi and helped her slip the pink sundress over her head. He openly stared at her, and she let him. Parker placed a couple of towels on the edge so Emily could rest her cast. He helped her sit and watched her eyes close as the gentle jets massaged her body.

"Oooh, Russell, this feels unbelievably good."

Parker stared at the tops of her breasts that periodically lifted towards the top of the water. He moved to face her. "Emily, if I do or say anything that makes you feel uncomfortable, let me know." With just the slightest hesitation, Parker moved his mouth back to hers. Her back bowed and her breasts lifted higher out of the water. He couldn't resist them. He wanted her so badly but knew he'd have to take his time. The last thing he wanted was to feel another burning slap on his cheek.

Emily smiled when she felt Parker's hands on her waist, guiding her to his lap. She watched his eyes roam all over her exposed breasts and his hands move to her hardened nipples. The look on his face was something deeper than just lust when he stared at her. Emily brought her mouth back to his while he slid her closer to his body. She couldn't help but feel his thighs tighten and his throbbing erection.

"Russell, my cast..."

"Hun, keep it on my shoulder," whispered Parker as he brought her even closer. When she sat back down, he felt her slide down on him. Her breath caught in her throat and he was sure she'd get up, but after a minute, he felt her move slowly and tighten around him.

"Is this what you want, Emily?" whispered Parker as he held her hips.

Emily could only nod her head. Parker slid one hand to her butt while he used his thumb to slowly massage her hardening peak. He wanted to pull her all the way down on his throbbing shaft but resisted. Emily moved her hips faster against his thumb, squeezing him tighter as her movement quickened. Parker felt himself succumbing to his own desires and needs, knowing he wasn't going to last much longer.

Emily bowed her back when the long, powerful shuddering overtook her. Parker pulled her all the way down upon him. He knew at that moment it was impossible to stop himself. He filled her with his passion while his loud moans mixed with hers. Parker was flooded by such deep emotions he didn't expect.

"Emily..."

"Russell..."

The moment ended for Parker, though he pretended it didn't. He took her mouth again and pulled her closer, staying inside of her.

She doesn't even know who she just had sex with. Guilt began to flood his senses. I should just tell her the truth. When this blows over, I will.

"I'm so glad you're not like your brother." Emily smiled and kissed him again.

Chapter 11

Rhonda Davis wasn't a pushover. At five foot six, with long black hair and green eyes, she was capable of bringing Russell to his knees anytime she wanted. But this morning's looks weren't of the sensual type whatsoever.

Rhonda loved her husband more than anything. He was a great provider, wonderful father, and doting husband. He'd tried countless times over the years to convince her to stop working and enjoy her nice life, but she wasn't going to hear any more about it. She loved five-year-old Gracie and three-year-old Elizabeth with all her heart and enjoyed every moment she got to spend with them. But she was raised in a family full of hard workers, and even though her position at Davis Enterprises was demanding, she knew no one else could do the job better.

"Rhonda, don't look at me like that." Russell knew he was in for it.

"So help me, Russell, if your brother pulls you into this thing with Emily Carson, you're going to have hell to pay."

"I'm only a little bit involved...business wise only."

"If she thinks she's sleeping with you, I'll explode."

"I asked Parker and he told me there was no way he'd sleep with her."

"I'll just be glad when the both of you stop making me want to leave the country. Hurry and finish up your breakfast."

"Are the girls ready?"

"They've been ready, Russell. You've been a million miles away over the past few days. Focus on us." Rhonda gave him The Glare.

Russell got up to pour himself another cup of coffee when the phone rang. He'd promised to go with Rhonda and the girls to the zoo today and just enjoy a Saturday for a change. He hadn't done that in years.

"What's up?" Russell answered, seeing that it was his brother.

"I slept with Emily last night." Parker listened to Russell's drawn-out sigh.

"You said you weren't going to do that..."

"I'm taking her back to Colorado tomorrow. I'll be at the office today trying to do more damage control. Enjoy your day with Rhonda and the girls. Give them a hug for me."

"I'll hug the girls, but as far as Rhonda's concerned, don't go near her for your own safety." Russell tried to keep his voice as low as possible.

"She's that pissed?"

"You have no idea. Living here hasn't exactly been a picnic."

"We've always been upfront, so I thought I'd let you know."

"I'll add that to the list of your good Samaritan work."

Rhonda walked back in the room with the girls just as Russell was hanging up his phone. "That was your brother, wasn't it? You aren't going into the office today, tell him to forget about it."

"No, I'm not going in." Russell gave her a big smile as he grabbed his keys and headed out the door for his much needed family day.

***

Emily poured herself a glass of orange juice and stared out the window at the beautiful day. She wished she could be outside like everyone else. If I leave the door unlocked, I could get back inside and Russell would never know. She smiled to herself and quickly walked to the bedroom. She was grateful that Russell had purchased a couple of outfits for her. Last night was amazing, and she'd planned on not getting attached, but her heart was ruling her thoughts. She remembered the way he looked at her, both last night and again this morning. Emily was afraid to feel hopeful but couldn't help herself. She ran into Russell's bedroom and smiled at the messed up sheets where they'd made love again and cuddled for the night. She turned her attention on Russell's closet. She certainly couldn't get past security looking like herself if she was going to keep her excursion a secret from Russell.

***

Parker sat at his desk tapping his pen. He needed to get some work done but couldn't get Emily Carson off his mind. The way she felt, the look in her eyes, her passion...then she called me Russell.

***

Emily looked in the mirror feeling very proud of herself. With one of Russell's t-shirts, her new pair of jeans, and hair tucked under one of his baseball caps, Emily slid on her pair of sunglasses and walked out the door. She headed for the back stairwell and exited the building with other people. Keeping her face down, she was out on the streets in no time. The large guy she walked next to hid her cast very well.

She spotted a cab and quickly climbed in the back. "Where to?" asked the older cab driver.

"I'm not sure. I'm pretty new in town and was looking for a fun place to spend the day. Any suggestions?"

"I've taken quite a few people to the zoo today. It's free admission today. My wife and grandchildren are there seeing the new exhibits."

"Sounds like a plan!" Emily smiled as she took off her ball cap and let her glossy hair fall around her shoulders. She hadn't been to a zoo in forever.

***

Parker wasn't getting anything accomplished. The mere thought of seeing Emily was making him a very happy man. It was already midafternoon and there wasn't anything pressing that couldn't wait until Monday. He knew the reporters would still be there. He'd talked to as many investors as he could get ahold of, the rest would have to wait. Parker locked his office behind him and headed towards the elevator. The staff was relieved to see their boss with a smile on his face.

***

Emily entered the zoo and walked around to the front exhibits. Spotting the snow cone stand made her pace quicken. She hadn't had a blue-stained mouth since she was a kid. Just the thought made her chuckle. She didn't even get upset when she spilled the liquid on Russell's yellow shirt. As she walked around, she saw the sign that pointed towards the polar bear exhibit. Emily mingled in with the crowd that was headed in that direction.

She took a seat in the large enclosure made of wall-to-wall glass. Watching the bears play underneath the water made her feel years younger. The families were laughing and spending time together, and she felt a sadness begin to fill her. I wish I had a family. Children stared at her large pink cast, but Emily didn't mind. Hopefully, it would be gone soon. Just as she was about to get up and leave, she heard a familiar voice.

"Russell, wait right here, I need to take the girls to the bathroom."

"Come with us!" begged a little girl.

"Daddy's going to stay here and save our seats."

Emily watched the mother walk over and kiss him. He's married? With kids?! Emily began to fume but stayed seated until the woman and her children were gone from the exhibit. Carefully walking down the steps, she stood in front of Russell.

"You lying, cheating bag of shit!" Emily yelled as her hand landed on his cheek. "I'm leaving! I hate you!"

Tears rolled down her cheeks as soon as she stepped out of the exhibit. She heard loud footsteps behind her, but with her fast feet and agility, she was able to get away to a nearby restroom.

***

Parker went up the back elevators with a dozen red roses he picked up on his way home. His relaxed, happy state left him when he found his front door unlocked. Oh God...

"Emily! Emily!!" There was no answer. He quickly ran through every room in the large penthouse. Her belongings were there, but her purse was gone.

Shit! He called her cell phone and it rang from the coffee table. Panicked, he hit speed dial.

"Russell, Emily's gone!"

"Yeah, I found her. Or should I say she found me. Luckily Rhonda had the girls in the restroom and didn't witness her calling me a lying cheat and slapping my face. I tried to catch her but she's fast, Parker."

"Oh my God, where are you?"

"Fairfield Zoo. I'm at the exit, so she's still inside. Hurry your ass over here." Russell was getting more pissed by the second. All he needed was for Rhonda to get in a cat fight in front of their kids and everyone else.

Parker took off, phoning the limo as he ran. The driver was still in the lot, taking a quick nap. When he saw Parker's face, he snapped right to attention.

"Gary, get me to the zoo! NOW!"

Gary went as fast as he could. The traffic jam in front of the zoo was ugly. People were arriving and leaving, and Parker wasn't going to wait. He jumped out and began to run.

***

Emily slid down the wall of the stall and huddled in the corner. The fact that she was sitting on a dirty floor didn't even dawn on her. Her legs wouldn't have held her up anyway. How could I have been so stupid? It was now confirmed in Emily's mind, that both brothers were scum. I was nothing more than a mistress! Her visuals of her making love to the two-faced liar made her crawl to the toilet and vomit until she was wrenching with dry heaves. Taking a deep breath while she stood, she stepped out of the stall with curious, concerned eyes from other people all over her. She walked to the sink and splashed cold water on her tear-stained face. When she was outside the restroom, she walked with her face toward the ground. She had only one thing on her mind...getting the hell out of New York.

***

Parker found Russell by the exits inside the zoo. He was out of breath from running several blocks.

"Did she leave?"

"Parker, this is ridiculous. You shouldn't have slept with her!" Russell was livid.

"I'll fix this today." Parker reached over and patted his brother's shoulder. He knew damn well that Russell wasn't buying any of it.

Looking around, they both spotted Emily at the same time. They began to sprint in her direction.

When she heard fast, loud footsteps coming toward her, she lifted her face. Emily thought about running but was beyond that. She could have taken on a bull. Seeing who it was enraged her.

"Don't come near me!"

"Emily, this is Russell, he's my brother. He isn't the one you were with in Colorado or at the penthouse. He's a happily married man with two kids. I'm Parker. I'm the one you've been with the entire time..."

"You lying sack of shit!" Emily went to swing but Parker grabbed her wrist.

"Emily, you have every right to be pissed off. Yes, I lied to you. But it's me, Parker."

"I don't know who the hell you are. Whichever so-called man you claim to be, I hate you! Do you think for one second I'd believe anything that came out of your mouth?!"

Parker had to stop it. "You loved when I kissed you in that restaurant! You really did turn me on, and that night in the jacuzzi was the most intimate moment I'd ever experienced in my life! Your mouth is the sweetest--"

That's when Parker felt the sting on his cheek.

"I hate you! I hate you both!" Emily took off running out of the park and hailed a cab. Leaving her belongings behind, she headed for the airport.

Chapter 12

Emily was grateful to have her cast off her arm and the staples removed. After carefully exercising her arm in physical therapy, the stiffness was subsiding. Now that her arm was getting stronger, she had to work on mending the insides. She certainly hadn't expected to be affected for this long and tried to stay as busy as possible. But being back at the clinic was doing very little to take her mind off of whomever the hell she'd slept with. Knowing that the Davis brothers were probably taking turns with her was making her sick. She didn't believe a word of what was said at the zoo that day. If the brothers talked, both would know the intimate details.

"Em, do you want to talk about it?" Mick thought for sure that Emily would have snapped out of whatever had brought her so much pain, but that wasn't the case.

""Mick, I really appreciate your concern and support. I know I've not been myself, but I just need time." The last thing she wanted to do was admit to anyone how stupid she'd been.

"I'm here for you if you need me." Mick kissed her cheek and ruffled her hair a little. "William Lovette called again today, Emily. Call him back, he's worried."

Emily returned the smile. As soon as Mick stepped out of the office, the smile went to a frown, the expression she normally wore nowadays. She'd seen the news about Davis Enterprises and wasn't happy that she was thrown right in the middle of it. Now she understood why she was kept away from everything. She knew that William had started the ball rolling, but he was just doing what she asked him to do, and now she was hounded by the press almost daily. She no longer trusted her own judgment. Emily walked to the phone, dreading the conversation.

"William, hello, it's Emily Carson."

"Where the heck have you been? I've been worried sick about you!"

"It's a long story. Do you think you could drop by my apartment this evening? I'm tied up at work at the moment, so I don't have very long to talk."

"Sure thing, Emily. I knew you moved because I went by your old place a few times. Give me the address and I'll swing by around seven if that's good for you."

Emily gave directions to William, and then hung up the phone feeling even more horrible. She was sure she'd caused the same hell in his life that she caused in her own. Emily was hoping that separating herself from New York would make her feel better, but the opposite was happening. The flowers that were sent to her office by Parker Davis went right in the trash. How was she supposed to know who they were really from? The phone calls went unanswered at the clinic or were quickly terminated. Luckily the Davis brothers didn't know her new number. What else could they possibly want from me? She wished the chase would end.

***

"Parker, go home. I put your television and computers back, so there's no need to be spending all your time here." Russell had never been able to stay upset with him.

"I'm okay, Russ. You can stop worrying about me."

"From the empty bottle of scotch, the dark circles under your eyes, your scruffy face, I beg to differ. So you screwed up. It's not like we've never mucked things up before. You need to put this behind you, Parker. I'm getting worried."

"Yeah but I really screwed up. Not just my life, but Emily's. I started to--"

"I know you did." Russell didn't need to hear the rest of the sentence. He knew his brother better than anyone. "How about a nice vacation? Take a few weeks off and go relax someplace. Things have slowed down some here, so it's perfect timing. I'll be out of town for a few days on the Texas project. Go find a nice resort...hell, go find a sexy, exotic woman. I don't care where you go, Parker, but you're living in your office, drinking your meals, and back to looking like shit. I expect you to be gone by the time I return." Russell gave Parker a brotherly hug and patted his back. It wasn't hard for him to tell that his twin had lost a few pounds. He hated to leave him in this condition, but Russell knew his wife would keep an eye on Parker. Hopefully Rhonda doesn't still want to kill him.

Emily had rented a little apartment closer to the clinic but drove out to the property whenever she had the chance. She tried to stay away but the last thing she was willing to give up was her childhood memories. Without her knowledge, Davis Enterprises had arranged for the removal of debris from her grandfather's property. She thought for sure that project would have been halted. She drove up one day to find a brand new Ford Explorer sitting in what was left of the driveway. She gladly donated it to a family who'd lost everything in the tornado. She was now the proud owner of a small, slightly used pickup truck. I was used. Emily tried hard to stay angry, but she was hurting inside like she never had before.

The conversation with William went better than she thought it would go. The only thing she left out was the part about sleeping with the enemy. She tried to contain her broken heart that clearly showed on her face, but William picked it up pretty quickly. He agreed to run an article about the return of the property to Emily Carson, and help end the media circus. She was positive that that's why she was still hunted by the Davis brothers. Hopefully they'd be satisfied and leave her alone.

After William left, Emily sat in the dark and let the tears stream down her face. She knew her heart ached, but for whom? Who the hell was I falling for? She'd never heard of a broken heart over a mystery guy. In order to heal, she would have to discover the truth so she'd know exactly who to direct these emotions towards; who to bury on fifty thousand acres...

Rhonda walked into Parker's office to find him, once again, staring blankly out the window. She noticed the stack of papers she'd given him to sign still sitting where she laid them. On more than a few occasions, she knew he'd slept in the office. The calm, cool, and collected Parker was falling apart before her very eyes. She still wanted to choke him, but looking at Parker was like looking at her husband. The puppy dog eyes got to her every single time.

"Parker, you have to snap out of it. The reporters are giving up since the article appeared about the Carson property, and it's time you get on with your life."

"Rhonda, I'm really sorry for the mess I caused. The last thing I wanted to do was fall in love with Emily Carson."

"You what?!" They looked at each other for what seemed like minutes instead of seconds. "You can't be serious..." Rhonda laughed and shook her head.

"Let it rest, Rhonda." Parker hadn't even pinpointed those feelings for himself yet. He certainly didn't mean to voice them out loud, especially to Rhonda.

"Look, I'm pretty pissed at you for making such turmoil in our lives and turning work into a living hell. But you're family, Parker, and whatever you need I'm here for you." Rhonda walked over and patted Parker's face, then hugged him.

"What am I supposed to do? Emily hates my guts and she doesn't even believe anything I told her."

"Do you blame her? You and my husband pulled a pretty big pile of crap over her world, now you want her to forgive and forget?"

"I'd love to explain things to Emily, but she won't even talk to me."

"Go to Colorado, Parker. I can't stand looking at you like this anymore. If I thought it'd help, I'd talk to her for you, but it's not going to happen."

Parker quickly rose to his feet. "Rhonda, if you talk to her, she'll listen! I'll do anything you ask of me for the rest of my life!"

"So you want me to go to Colorado?" Rhonda laughed hard.

"No, just call her for me. The only place you can reach her is the clinic where she works. When I call, I get hung up on by the staff."

"Sorry, Parker, but you're on your own." Rhonda walked back out of the office.

Parker ran to the door behind her. "Fine, get the jet ready. I'll be gone before Russell gets out of his meeting, so tell him to cover."

"As long as he doesn't have to pretend to be sleeping with another woman, I'm sure he'll oblige. Pull that shit again and I'll haunt you." Rhonda smiled, turned her back, and walked to her desk. She'd never been more serious. "And, Parker? Forget the jet. Take that big ass RV with you..."

"Yeah, sorry about that, too..." This gave him a wonderful idea. He hurried home as fast as he could.

***

Parker had stopped his maid service. Looking over at the messed up bedding was something he wasn't willing to erase. After showering and shaving, he quickly packed. It felt good to finally have some hope of seeing Emily. He had to do whatever it took to make up for all he'd done. But getting Emily Carson to believe him was going to take a miracle.

He let himself in at Russell and Rhonda's house. The girls were busy doing art work with their nanny. Anita was fifty years old, and the girls loved her dearly.

"Good to see you, Mr. Davis." Anita walked into the kitchen when she heard the door open. The girls came running as soon as they heard Parker's voice. He lifted and hugged each one. They were growing up so quickly.

"Anita, do you know where the keys are for the RV?"

"Yes, and Mrs. Davis wanted me to give you a message. Girls, please say goodbye to Uncle Parker." The girls did as they were told, then took off for more fun projects.

"What message?"

"Forgive my language, please. 'Give Parker the keys to the RV if he should stop by, and tell him if he ever has one of these delivered to our house again, I'll personally run his ass over'. I'm sorry, Mr. Davis, I think she means it."

Parker laughed and then reassured Anita. "It's okay, it'll be out of here in a few minutes." He didn't have to think about it, Parker knew that Rhonda was serious.

***

Mick approached Emily the following morning at the clinic. "You don't look like you've slept a wink."

"I didn't. Too much coffee I think." Emily smiled but Mick didn't believe it for a second.

"We have another veterinarian interested in working here. I think he'll be a good fit. Jerry Moore interned with us a couple of years ago. Remember him?"

"Yeah, nice guy. He does good work."

"Well I have a plan up my sleeve. I'd like to start treating wild animals. There isn't anyone who does it in this area, and if we set up a small practice on your grandfather's property, we could station you there when the need arises. I'm sure we can get some donations or some kind of grant to help with the whole thing. We'd have to build housing for you."

"We can't afford to do that..."

"Emily, we don't have to build a castle. I'm positive we can get the cost covered. There's a need for it or I wouldn't have said anything. We just don't have the space here to be treating wildlife. Look how many cases we have to turn down. The property is the perfect place for it. It'd be easy to release them once they're healthy. You're perfect for the job."

"I'd have to think about it, Mick."

"Take all the time you need, but I think a project like this will help you feel better. Think of all the sick and injured animals you could save." Mick was happy with himself and the quick idea he came up with to get Emily out of her own head. The baby eagles he had to turn away after their mother was killed gave him the idea. Saving animals was a sure way for Emily to help save herself. He was worried sick and knew that something went on between her and the Davis brothers. He knew his friend very well and had seen her with a broken heart before.

Emily gave him another fake smile and watched him walk away. I can't even save myself right now...

Parker stopped at a large grocery store and stocked the RV up with plenty of supplies. He wasn't looking forward to driving the long miles to Colorado, but he knew that never seeing Emily again wasn't an option. Leaving the RV at Rhonda's definitely wasn't an option either.

Each rest stop he stayed at saddened him. He saw couples and families, and it was deeply affecting him. Parker was always proud and happy to be single. No worries, no commitments, coming and going as he pleased, and no one telling him what to do. And no Emily.

If he wasn't so rushed to get to where he was going, Parker would have stopped to take pictures of the spectacular views along the way. The closer he got to Springfield, the more he was ashamed at wanting to destroy the land to make an airport. Because of his greed and selfish actions, it had cost him something that was hard to even think about. He went after Emily, all because she wanted to save what was rightfully hers, and she fought for all the right reasons. Keeping the property for the animals and preserving nature was a beautiful plan, and he set out to destroy it faster than lightning; faster than the tornado.

Parker was happy when he finally reached the last stretch of road. He was tired and the sun was beginning to sink behind the mountains, but he needed to wake himself up some so he could get the RV ready to sleep in. Parker reached for the bottle of water on the seat beside him and only took his eyes off the road for a second...He slammed on his breaks when he heard the sounds and jumped out of the RV to the ground. Panic flooded through him.

Chapter 13

Emily was watching the clock tick away. She'd been at the clinic since six that morning, but it was her turn to stay until close. She let one of the techs go home because the clinic was slow with just two cats as overnight patients, and both of those were being discharged the next day. Emily walked to the back of the clinic and poured herself a cup of coffee.

"You shouldn't be drinking coffee this late," joked Sandy, the tech who'd worked for them since the clinic opened.

"You say that as you're pouring yourself a cup?" Emily winked at her. She loved the staff and their closeness made a long day more enjoyable. Everyone was treated like family. She sat down in a chair and put her feet up, hoping the night wouldn't stay this quiet. Any downtime she had left her mind to wander where she didn't need it to go. Even though she liked to stay busy, the possibility of being awakened in the middle of the night after working so hard to fall asleep wasn't an appealing aspect of her job. The clinic didn't stay open around the clock, but she and Mick remained on call for emergencies. There wasn't another clinic for miles.

Parker looked down at the bleeding shepherd and dropped to his knees. The dog was alive but wouldn't be for long. Without thinking twice, he lifted the large dog in his arms and placed it in the front passenger seat, then covered him up with the quilt near the bed.

"I'm so sorry! Hang in there, buddy, I'm going to get you some help." Parker had never done any harm to an animal. He was devastated. He hurried and jumped behind the wheel, then drove quickly to the only animal clinic he knew of. The dog was whimpering and shaking. Parker's own heart was beating a million times a minute. If this animal died, he'd never forgive himself.

***

Emily was just about to doze off when she heard a loud commotion in the lobby. The front receptionist was already on her way to the back.

"Emily! Come out here, we have a dog hit by a vehicle! Lots of blood loss." Emily knew when she heard that kind of voice tone from Caroline, it was something bad. Emily slipped her feet back in her clogs and began to run. At first she was motionless....stunned.

"Emily, please help him!" Parker had the dog in his arms; blood had soaked through a comforter and covered the front of him. The dog was obviously struggling with respirations.

"In here. I'll examine the dog and you give whatever information you can to the receptionist." Emily's attention quickly went towards the animal as Parker laid him on the table. She started an IV and tried to reverse the shock the animal was clearly in, and got the x-rays taken. "Get Mick in here." After quickly looking at the films, it was evident the animal would need emergency surgery.

Parker sat nervously in the lobby while having flashbacks of another time when he anxiously waited for Emily to come out of the operating room.

Mick came running in the front door and did a double take. "What the hell?"

"I'm Parker. I hit a German Shepherd and he's hurt really bad. Emily's back there with him. Stop staring at me and go!" Parker wasn't in the mood for any shit, especially from this guy.

Mick ran to the exam room. The tech was prepping the dog for surgery as quickly as she could while Emily set up the surgical room.

"Em, does he have an owner?"

"No chips, no tags. The guy who hit him is in the lobby."

"Yeah, Parker."

"I don't know that and neither do you. The dog's films are up; he has some broken ribs, a large laceration across his abdomen, and a punctured lung. He's only about three years old so he's young enough to fight. We have to get this bleeding stopped. I'm ready to start when you are."

Parker didn't have much information to give to the receptionist who tried to calm the restless man.

"Doctor Carson and Doctor Lander are the best. They'll take good care of him." Her efforts fell on deaf ears. Parker was consumed with sorrow.

"I took my eyes off the road. I didn't even see him!"

"It was an accident. The main thing is, you got him here right away."

But Parker continued to beat himself up.

A few hours later, Emily walked out in the lobby with Mick and insisted he go get some rest.

"Emily, I'll stay and you go get some rest."

"It's okay, I'm wide awake. If you can come back around seven, I'll go home for a bit. Really, I'm okay."

"Are you going to be alright with him here?" Mick leaned over and whispered in her ear.

"Yeah, the staff is here so I won't be alone. The other tech is also on her way in."

"Good work as always, Em. I'll see you in a few hours." Mick walked out, giving Parker a stern look. Parker ignored him and went to Emily.

"How is he?"

"The surgery went well, and we think he'll recover. He'll be here for a while." Emily turned to leave.

"Can I see him?"

"Briefly. Come with me." Parker followed her to the back where the shepherd was lying. He quickly turned away.

"What's the matter?" She asked out of professionalism, not because she gave a rip about how this man, whoever he was, felt.

"I did this to him." Parker walked back out to the lobby and put his face in his hands.

Emily waited for a few minutes before walking into the lobby. When Parker heard the door open, he removed his hands. His eyes were watery.

"You don't have to stay; we'll take care of him. If you'd like to contribute to the medical cost, you can. Just speak to the receptionist."

"I'll pay for all the cost. I know it's not great timing, but can I talk to you?"

"Sure." Emily didn't want to cause a scene in front of the staff.

Parker followed her to the back and sat in one of the chairs at the table.

"Don't tell me you injured an animal just to get the chance to speak to me?" Emily wouldn't put it past him.

"Are you kidding me?! I may have really screwed up, but I don't hurt animals, thank you very much!"

"Who are you?" She had no intentions of letting this man feel welcomed.

"I'm Parker Davis, the same man you've been with the entire time. You were only near Russell two times; when you got your shoe stuck in the sewer and the day at the zoo."

"And I'm supposed to believe you?"

"Okay, ask me anything that the guy you were with should know."

"I'm not playing this. You can leave now." Emily turned toward the door.

"Ask me!" Parker wanted to grab her.

"What did you forget on our way to the cellar?" Emily knew he'd blow it.

"Water. I was going to go back for it but then I spotted the tornado in the field. I covered us up with a blanket and helped you lie down. The batteries were dead on the radio but--"

"Stop!" Emily's voice quivered.

"Throw me another one. You were NEVER with Russell. But I knew you hated Parker, so I became him to try and right all my wrongs."

"Where was I staying? Was that Russell's place? Did you make his wife and kids leave too just so you could play this game?!"

"Emily, the penthouse is mine. Russell put some of his mail there to help convince you I was him. Trust me, even though we're identical twins, he's a much better man than I am. He's happily married and has never strayed from Rhonda."

"The night we--"

"You were wearing a pink sundress. I helped slip it off of you. You were worried about your cast getting wet so I had you prop it on my shoulder. That was me, Parker..."

"What happened inside the restaurant the morning after the tornado?" Emily was breathing hard, trying not to lose it.

"I couldn't take it anymore. You drove me nuts all night long. I sat on your side of the booth and kissed you. Once outside I pressed you up against the wall--"

"Why did you rip off my grandfather?"

"Russell purchased the property. I didn't know anything about it until we owned it. He buys land, I do the property development. The more I learned, the harder I tried to give the land back to you."

"He shut the power off? Had my truck towed?"

"No, that was me. I'm the one who acted so ruthless. I can't apologize for that enough. When I found you at the bottom of the stairs--"

"Get out. I don't want to talk about this anymore. I have to take care of the shepherd. Thanks for causing me so much pain. Leave."

Parker watched her walk out of the room. He lowered his head and went to the receptionist's desk. Connie began to add up the cost, which would only partially cover the amount of care the animal would need.

"It's okay, I don't need a bill. When the dog is better, I'd like to adopt him." Parker pulled out a checkbook and began to write. He handed the check to the young woman and then quickly left the lobby.

Emily heard the front door buzz, so she knew that Parker had left. With his responses, she knew it was possible he was telling the truth. Connie's shocked face made her go behind the desk.

"Here, Em, you should look at this." Emily took the check and stared at the twenty million dollar donation. "Is this guy for real? He didn't even ask for a receipt. This has to be a bogus check--"

"Nope, it's real." Emily put the check in the safe, not knowing what to think. "Twenty million wouldn't put a dent in that man's wealth." Why would he do it? The only thing she could think of was he did it to get back in her good graces. Fat chance of that happening...

***

Parker thought it would be safe to drive the big RV to Emily's property so he could rest. He was too exhausted and still stressed over the events of the night. Guilt soared through him, and he couldn't get the images out of his head of the dog just lying there and crying out in pain. The sounds replayed over and over. Once on the land, he fixed the bed and then tried to fall asleep. But sleep wasn't on the menu. Not only did the dog weigh heavily on his mind, but memories of Emily and how cruel he'd been to her were hitting him like a sledge hammer. He wished more than anything for a do-over.

***

Emily walked out of the clinic after Mick arrived and received her report. The shepherd made it through the night but would need extensive care. I'm not giving this dog to him. He treats people like garbage. How could I trust him with an animal? She would make it a point to find the owners. Maybe the dog was lost because of the tornado. Maybe he had a loving family that wanted him back. Upon arriving home, she called the Baldwin Tribunal and placed an ad, hoping someone would respond.

She took off her clothes and climbed in a nice, much needed, hot shower. Treating the dog was very intense, but seeing Parker caused a whole different kind of turmoil. When Emily saw his face while he carried in the dog, her heart wanted to sink, but her mind protected her. He even admitted to taking his eyes off the road and hitting him. Emily pushed the thoughts from her head. It was definitely much safer to hate that man.

***

Parker got frustrated enough to just get out of bed. He sat in the dark and watched the sunrise, hoping the day would be better. He'd need to go to the clinic and check on the dog, but driving in the big RV wasn't going to cut it. He called the rental agency and had a Ford Escape delivered. It would be easier to transport the dog in when he got released.

He stopped at the restaurant where he first kissed Emily. He didn't sit in the same booth, but his eyes constantly stared in that direction. Parker drank his coffee and ate his eggs as quickly as he could. Her sweet taste, soft lips...her scent...I have to get the hell out of here. He tossed money on the table and walked out, only to see the place where he'd pressed Emily against the wall with his body. This is going to be another long damn day.

***

Mick was impressed at how well the shepherd was doing. He slowly administered more pain medication through the dog's intravenous line and hung more antibiotics. Emily was the best surgeon he'd ever known, and if the dog was going to make it, it was due to her prompt action and skill. The fact that the person who hit the dog had gotten him medical attention so quickly played a big role. When he saw the check for twenty million, his eyes lit up. The clinic could use the money for better equipment and to get the plans for a wildlife location underway. Getting Emily to agree to use that money was going to be a whole different story.

***

Caroline didn't know what was going on between the gorgeous, rich guy she was staring at and Emily, but something clearly was. She hadn't seen the angry, hurt look on her face since the death of her grandfather and the problems over the land. Caroline had been careful about not letting any phone calls through from anyone named Davis, but she didn't know why.

"Hi, can I help you?" Caroline gave the man a big smile.

"Yes, I'm the guy who brought the shepherd in last night and wanted to speak with the doctor." She probably hates me too.

Caroline picked up the phone and called the back office. She asked Mick to come talk to the man. She was shocked by his response.

"Oh, I would love to come and talk to that man. But it might get loud, so it's probably best for you to walk him back here."

Chapter 14

Parker followed Caroline to the back room. He spotted the shepherd and sadness overtook him. He nonchalantly tried to rub the water from his eyes. Mick was standing behind a desk, and Parker was grateful it wasn't Emily. Seeing the disgust and hatred on her face ate him alive.

"Are you Parker or Russell?" Mick asked with a mean smirk on his face.

"Mick, I don't want to fight with anyone. I'm Parker, and it's always been me. You never met Russell. I'm not proud about deceiving anyone, but I had to right some wrongs, and it was the only way I could think of to do it."

"You didn't even consider what that would cause."

"It wasn't supposed to go on for this long, but--"

"You devastated her. Do you know that?" Mick's voice began to rise.

"No one knows that better than me. Instead of following my heart and being honest--"

"Your heart?! You actually have one?" Mick let out a laugh.

"I wanted to tell her the truth, but I couldn't. I fell in love with her, which was something I totally didn't plan on. I knew it would really destroy her if a serious relationship started to form, and then she found out the truth. We were getting close, and I didn't have the heart to hurt her. I'm not proud of how I handled this entire thing. I take full blame for all of it."

"How do I know you're not just blowing smoke up my ass? I'm not too sure that you're not lying about your identity again." Mick shook his head in disgust.

"Okay, go to the phone and call this number. It's the operator, so ask for any department you'd like. Food Services if you want, I don't care. Say that you're from any company you dream up. As a matter of fact, you can call any phone at Davis Enterprises and ask for me or my brother Russell. You should have your confirmation then."

Mick thought he'd call him on his bluff and walked to the phone. "Food Services, please."

"Food Services, Cameron speaking, may I help you?"

"Could I speak with Russell or Parker Davis?"

"Parker Davis isn't in the office, but I can connect you with Russell."

"That'd be great, I'll hold."

"Davis Enterprises, may I help you?" Rhonda was still sick and tired of phone calls.

"May I speak with Russell or Parker Davis?"

"Can I ask who's calling?"

"It's personal."

"Parker Davis is out of the office, but please hold for Russell Davis." Great, another looney. Rhonda was still ticked off at her husband, so without any heads up, she transferred the call.

"Russell Davis speaking." Russell wished that Rhonda would forgive him. She wasn't even fielding solicitors.

Mick hung up the phone. "Are you and your brother really identical twins? Or was that something else you dreamed up?"

Parker took out his phone and sent a text to Russell. A minute later his phone rang.

"You want me to send you a photo? Are you serious?"

"Yes, just send it, Russell."

"Okay, do you want me smiling or not? Maybe you want a little chest or bicep?"

"Russell, send the damn picture."

A couple of minutes later, Parker was holding up a photo of his brother. "As you can see, he's starting to grow a mustache again. But we're identical twins."

"I'll be damned. He sounds exactly like you also."

"Mick, let me just explain a few things to you. My brother and I worked hard to make it to the top. We were really determined, especially since we came from the bottom. Life wasn't easy for us, and we learned about survival the hard way and carried those lessons into our business. Typically, Russell buys the property and I develop it. We both work with investors and it's not always easy to keep them happy. The way the economy has been, it's even more difficult. This isn't an excuse. I'm just telling you some background."

"Why did you and your brother go after Emily's grandfather's land like that?"

"I was the one who screwed up. As soon as Russ heard the land was for sale, he went after it. We didn't know anything about the history of the property. That's something I'm kicking myself for, and I'll make sure not to repeat the same mistake. Neither one of us set out to bring harm to Emmitt Carson or steal from him. I'm the one who brought harm to Emily, not my brother."

"I'm not happy about your actions but at least you're admitting your wrongs. Pretending to be your brother was your worst offense. You really hurt her."

"We've switched identities many times in the business world but made it against the rules when it came to women. I broke the rule and now it's biting me in the ass."

"You've probably done it all your lives."

"We grew up in foster homes since birth. We don't know who our parents are and quit caring a long time ago. People were reluctant to adopt two boys. Every time we were separated, one of us would run away. Some of the homes we were in, there was a lot of abuse. We began to switch places back then to protect each other. That continued from time to time in business, but that's where it stayed until I broke the rules." Parker looked at the ground in shame.

Mick was beginning to feel empathy for Parker, but still had the strong need to protect Emily. "What are you going to do now?"

"I want to adopt the shepherd. I've always wanted a dog and I'll be good to him. I think the best thing I can do for Emily is to stay away from her."

"Parker, thanks for talking with me, but I have to get back to work. I need some time to digest all you've told me. Are you staying in town for a bit?"

"Until the shepherd is well enough to travel, I'll be here. If I have to go home to New York, I'll return as soon as I can. But don't worry, I won't come in here when Emily's working."

"I'll be in touch," said Mick as he patted Parker's shoulder.

Parker nodded and smiled, stopped to pet the shepherd, then quietly left. The drive back to the property seemed to take forever. All he wanted to do was lie down and close his eyes.

Emily wandered around her cramped apartment with her mind in a fog. The coffee didn't seem to be affecting her. She wished she could just sleep until memories of Davis Enterprises were far behind her. The yellow t-shirt, with the blue stain on the front that she'd decided to sleep in, didn't help with her emotional state. I wish I could turn back the hands of time. She still kicked herself for sleeping with the bastard, but wanted to lie in the road for falling for him. Emily knew she had to get her head together. She had a lot of work to do at the clinic and needed to check on the shepherd.

"Emily, you sound like hell." Mick hated what she was going through and wished there was something he could do.

"Yeah, I'm sure I do."

"Take some time off. I hired Jerry Moore and he's starting today. The dog's doing great so no worries there."

"Take time off and do what? Sit in my head?" Emily sucked down the rest of her coffee.

"Go pitch a tent out at the property or go out of state on a vacation. Seriously, Em, take a couple weeks off." Long enough for Parker to get out of town.

"I'll think about it, okay?" Emily could tell he wasn't going to take no for an answer.

"Deal. Call me tonight and let me know how you're feeling."

"Thanks, Mick." Emily hung up the phone, stripped on her way to the shower, and tried to plan a day for herself that wouldn't involve toxic thinking. Staying for a few nights at the property would have been the perfect reprieve if she still had a house to stay in. I would see nothing but the destruction from the tornado, and the destruction from Russell. She still didn't want to admit to herself that she'd actually slept with Parker Davis. Bile began to creep up her throat.

Parker tossed and turned. If he knew he'd be safe and wouldn't get lost, he'd have gone for a nice, long walk to get some fresh air. Even though the RV was a good size, he felt himself suffocating. Screw it, he thought, and headed into town to get some breakfast and a hot cup of coffee. Parker ended up driving a little farther to avoid the same restaurant that haunted him with memories. He hoped his new dog would heal quickly so he could get back to New York, leaving Colorado and Emily far behind him.

Russell skimmed through some classified ads and found lots of property for sale in Colorado. He quickly crumbled the page and threw it in the trash. That's the last state he wanted to have his brother, or himself for that matter, have anything to do with. Knowing Parker was still there gave him great concern. He hadn't ever seen his brother be this crazy over a female. Russell needed to check on him.

Parker was staring out the window in the restaurant when his phone rang.

"I needed to make sure you were still alive and kicking out there."

"I'm just waiting for my new dog to get healthy, then I'm coming home." Parker explained in detail about the accident and the shepherd, but avoided the topic of Emily. Knowing he would ask questions, Parker changed the subject quickly. "What's with the mustache? Rhonda make you grow it back?"

"She didn't make me, but strongly encouraged me to do so..."

"Okay, so she made you." It felt good to laugh again for Parker.

"When we first hired her as a secretary, I think it was only two months after that when we started dating."

"Yeah, something like that." Parker remembered how bashful his brother had been about the whole thing.

"She was terrified that we'd swap places, so I grew the mustache for her. It looks like shit but it makes her happy."

"You mean to tell me she's afraid you'll sleep with Emily Carson?" Parker was trying to stomach another problem he'd caused.

"She knows I'd never cheat on her. But she doesn't want our personal life to be slammed in the news. I'm afraid that swapping places is out of the question for us in the future." Russell tried to laugh but knew it hit a sore spot with his brother.

"Russ, I'm so sorry I did all this."

"It's fine, Parker, we live and learn!" Russell's humor wasn't shared. "So what's this dog's name?"

"Good question. I figured I'd name him after I picked him up. Any suggestions?" Parker loved his brother but was struggling to stay on the phone. He needed to think, and the longer he put it off, the more complex the situation became to him. After more attempts by Russell to humor him, Parker ended the call, climbed back in the Escape, and drove to the property. A nice walk will do me good. There was still lots of daylight ahead of him and no fear of getting turned around. He knew there was a lake and it couldn't be too far. Water had always brought him peace. Parker quickly packed some bottles of water and made a good-sized lunch. Locking the door behind him, he headed away from the RV.

***

Emily couldn't stop her head from spinning. I have to get out of here. Throwing on her shoes, she headed out the door. At first she began to walk in the refreshing air, which turned into a brisk pace, then a run. No matter how far she went, her worries and problems were always right in front of her. I have to snap out of this! When Emily reached downtown Baldwin, she found herself headed inside a coffee shop. Sugar had always made her feel better. With a cinnamon roll and a large latte, Emily sat at a table by the window. She wished more than anything that her grandfather was alive to tell her what to do. He'd tell me to stop running from my problems. What the hell am I supposed to do? She continued to berate herself for being so gullible and stupid. Maybe I do need to get away. Emily had money in her account and could definitely afford to go somewhere. Anyplace I go, it'll be ruined. Grandfather was right. Emily decided to confront both of the Davis bastards. She'd already made one scene, and she was more than willing to do it again. She had to know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, which Davis brought the dog in. Who was telling the lie this time...

***

William Lovette was worried sick about Emily. He hadn't heard back from her, and she didn't sound like herself the last time they spoke, not that he expected her to. She'd been through an awful lot. The clinic said she was taking some time off, and his best guess told him she would be at her grandfather's property. He'd worry sick knowing she'd be there alone. Stopping at the deli, William picked up a nice lunch for two and then headed to Springfield. Knowing Emily, she wasn't taking care of herself.

As William turned into the driveway, past the trees and into the clearing, the sight of the huge RV and new Escape made him stop. Bless her heart! She spent some money on herself. What a beauty, he thought as he approached the RV. William knocked on the door, but there wasn't an answer. The smart girl locked the door, causing him to smile again. She's probably hiking or at the lake fishing. William went back to the Jeep, wrote a quick note, and then stuck it on the door. He'd just call her this afternoon.

***

Parker heard the sound of water flowing before he found the lake. The sound was so calming, just what he needed. Climbing up on a large boulder, he opened the bag but had lost his appetite for the lunch. Watching the fish jump and smelling all the fresh air made him sleepy. Relaxing against another rock, Parker closed his eyes. With his lack of sleep, it wasn't long before he slipped into dreamland.

Emily was happy that she found a flight leaving so soon. If she hurried, she could be at Davis Enterprises before business hours ended. She looked down at her worn jeans and hiking boots and was grateful not to be in that horrid black suit and heels. Maybe this time I won't go falling on my face. Emily's cheeks flushed. The ticket she purchased was for a round trip. Her plane back to Colorado would depart at ten that night. When I leave, I won't ever have to come back.

The cab driver kept hitting on her, so by the time Emily reached Davis Enterprises, she was already in a bad mood. The young woman at the desk was busy with another person, so she slipped past and rode the elevator up to the twenty-second floor. The woman behind the large glass window buzzed her in.

"You didn't stop at the front desk." The scowl on her face didn't go unnoticed by Emily.

"She was busy. I'm here to meet with Russell and Parker Davis."

"Go over to that desk and speak with Rhonda." Emily could feel eyes trying to burn holes in her back.

"May I help you?" When Rhonda looked up, her jaw dropped.

"I'd like to see Russell and Parker Davis, please."

"You're Emily Carson?" Rhonda still couldn't believe it. Emily's long auburn hair and bright blue eyes were well remembered.

"Yes. Is there some kind of a problem?" Emily wasn't about to take any shit from anyone in this building.

"Parker isn't here, but Russell is. Go over to that door, it's unlocked." Let him deal with it. Rhonda couldn't help but listen.

Russell looked up expecting to see Rhonda. He quickly rose to his feet and extended his hand. "You're Emily Carson, correct?" Doom flooded through him.

"Yeah. I'm not like you and your brother, so I don't pretend to be someone I'm not..." Emily didn't hide her look of disdain and ignored his handshake gesture.

"Have a seat, Miss Carson." Russell picked up his phone. "Rhonda, could you come in here please?"

"Absolutely!" answered Rhonda. "Should I bring popcorn?!"

Russell could already tell this was going to go badly.

Chapter 15

Emily sat down in the chair across from Russell's desk. Rhonda gladly took the chair beside her. As soon as both ladies were seated, an awkward silence settled in. Russell wished more than anything he could send this angry woman over to Parker's office.

"How can I help you today, Miss Carson?" A nervous smile spread across his face.

"Who are you?" Emily had no intentions of wasting time on small talk.

"I'm Russell Davis. Parker is my identical twin."

"I'm sure the both of you shared information about me. I want to know who it was I slept with."

Oh God. Parker, I'm going to kick your ass for this. "I can assure you it wasn't me."

"How do I know that? You have a mustache but you've had plenty of time to grow one." Emily wanted to kick the man.

"Emily, I've only seen you three times. Once when you got your shoe stuck in the sewer, another was at the zoo, and then today."

"You expect me to believe that?"

"Ask me anything about those times."

"This is pointless. You and your brother are very good liars." Emily's eyes began to water but she refused to let them spill over.

At first Rhonda was enjoying watching her husband squirm. Both of the men deserved anything she dished out. But her heart was softening toward Emily. She had to help her.

"Emily, my name is Rhonda Davis. Russell is my husband and we have two small girls. I can assure you that you never slept with him. You've been with Parker, and I'm just as angry about the whole thing as you are." Rhonda openly glared at Russell. "When I was hired here, I knew they were identical twins. I couldn't tell them apart. I was falling for the Davis guy who kept coming over to my desk to talk with me. There were rumors floating around that I was flirting with both men. I was in constant fear of them pretending to be the other, so I had Russell grow a mustache, hoping to ease my fears and put an end to the rumors. Deep inside, I knew I needed something else to tell them apart. If Russell shaved the mustache off, I'd be back to square one. It wasn't until we all went to the beach that I saw his birthmark. Parker doesn't have it. Show her, Russell."

"I'm not going to do that, Rhonda..." Russell's cheeks reddened.

"If you want to stop sleeping on the couch, I suggest you do it." Rhonda wasn't going to bend, and Russell was more than aware she meant business. "I asked him to grow the mustache again recently to stop the confusion happening in this situation with you and Parker. Obviously, like me, you need more proof." Rhonda raised her eyebrow at her husband.

"Fine." Russell stood up and lifted his shirt. Emily stared at the strawberry-colored birthmark on his upper abdomen.

"Parker doesn't have that mark," Emily said as she stared. She could no longer keep her tears from spilling over.

"No, Emily, he doesn't. You have been with my brother this entire time. Trust me, I wasn't happy about any of this. I'm the one who went to Colorado and purchased your grandfather's property, not Parker. We aren't a bunch of thieves and we don't run a dishonest company. We're competitive just like any other business, but I promise you, no one wanted to cause any harm during the purchase. I admit that my brother was quite cruel to you after we owned the land. I know for a fact that he felt horrible about himself and his actions. That was Parker's motive behind the lies. Once again, I'm not excusing our behavior. But you have to know that Emmitt Carson was more than adamant about selling, and I was interested in buying. He wasn't drugged, I checked that out before papers were signed. He did mention something about a nature preserve, but I couldn't understand him. Had I of known what the circumstances were, I would have contacted you. I didn't know you even existed, and he refused to have an attorney look over the documents. Parker righted those wrongs and gave the property back to you. I'm sorry for any grief that was caused, but I don't understand why you're still angry. I know Parker deceived you, and I played a part in helping him, which I'm very sorry for. I only did it to tame down the media circus, and because he's my brother. I'd do anything for him, other than be with another woman."

"I'm not angry anymore about the land. I'm still hurt over the things that happened with your brother. I hope you understand that I had to find out some answers. Thank you both for providing those. Is Parker going to be available soon?"

"Emily, Parker is still in Colorado," replied Rhonda with a smile, knowing that she eased the poor woman's mind.

"I'll find him. Rhonda, thank you so much and thank you, Russell. I'll never be happy about all the confusion, but at least you cleared it up for me. I guess Parker was telling the truth after all. I must confess, I was the one who started that media circus by calling a family friend named William Lovette. I had no idea the article was going to spin out of control. He's a great guy and was just looking out for me. I had him write another article about the land being given back to me."

"Thank you for doing that, Emily." Russell was finally feeling relieved. Rhonda no longer had daggers shooting from her eyes.

Emily stood and shook their hands, then left for the airport. For the first time in a long while, she was looking forward to seeing the man she'd fallen for.

After the door was closed, Rhonda stood up and wrapped her arms around Russell. "I guess you've learned a valuable lesson." She kissed his lips softly.

"So no more couch?"

"No more couch." Rhonda held him close to her.

***

Emily reached in her purse and pulled her phone out. She had two missed calls from both William and Mick. She hoped the shepherd was okay.

"Hey, Mick, sorry I missed your call."

"Are you at home? I have a couple of routine surgeries and, of course, I'm behind. Can I call you back?"

"I'm in New York. I'm okay, but long story. Is the shepherd okay?"

"He's doing great, Em. He can be discharged soon but he needs to go to someone who can continue his care and bring him back for appointments."

"I'll keep him until we find someone."

"Em, you can't have a dog where you live."

"I'm at the airport now, so I'll talk to you more about it when I get home. Don't let anyone take the shepherd." Mick said goodbye, but not a word about Parker wanting the dog. He knew it wouldn't be a good idea to bring it up, especially with her being in New York.

She called William next. He was such a worrywart but she didn't mind. He was like an uncle to her and she loved him dearly.

"Did you get my note? That RV is a beauty! When did you buy it?"

"Uh...what? I promise you I don't have an RV." Emily laughed.

"Hun, I was at the property today to bring you lunch and I saw it parked, and a new Escape was near it."

"I'll find out. Can I call you later? I'm getting ready to board my flight home from New York."

"You got into it again with the Davis brothers?" William could feel his temper rising.

"No, it was quite the opposite. The trip was really needed." The last thing she wanted was to hear the protests from William.

"Call me tomorrow and fill me in." William didn't like the sound of any of it.

***

Parker stretched and felt nothing but discomfort, cold air, and a hard surface beneath him. He sat up and felt a slight panic. It took a few minutes for his eyes to adjust to the blackness and for him to remember where he was. Parker could see very little. I can't believe I fell asleep out here. He reached for his phone to help provide some light so he could make it out of the woods, but it was dead. Shit! He had no shelter or warm clothing. He had to make it back to the RV. I walked for a long time, but it was a straight shot, right through those woods. Parker picked up the bag, grateful he had two bottles of water and his lunch left. He wasn't overly worried though. Getting back shouldn't be a problem. The longer he walked, the deeper he got into the woods, and the darker it became. It was impossible to recognize anything. I don't remember being in the woods this long.

***

It was three in the morning before Emily unlocked her apartment door. If it was earlier she would have driven right to the property, but she was exhausted. With some of the stress being lifted, she was sure she'd sleep like a lamb. She shed her clothes and stood in the hot shower. Memories of seeing Parker in the buff filled her mind. He has no birthmark on his abdomen. Relieved to finally be at peace with who was who, she rested her head on the pillow and quickly fell asleep.

***

Parker knew he'd heard the sounds of an animal. The low grunt, loud sniffing, and sticks breaking sent him into a full run. He didn't get very far before he tripped on a tree root which sent him flying. Parker quickly got to his feet, grateful he wasn't injured, and ran away from the direction the sounds were coming from. Before he realized it, he was lost. Stop running and find somewhere safe.

***

Emily woke up with a smile on her face. She hadn't experienced that in a long time. Throwing on a pair of jeans, hiking boots, and a certain yellow t-shirt, she headed to the pet store. She'd buy the specialty food from the clinic, but the shepherd was going to need a few things before being discharged. When Emily reached the checkout, she realized she kind of went nuts on pet supplies. There were dog toys, treats, a nice bed, good collar and leash, and matching food and water dishes. The grooming items were the top of the line. Emily laughed at the cost. Not because of the amount, but because she didn't have to count her pennies. Emily put the things in a travel case in the back of the pickup and then headed to the clinic.

Mick greeted her when she walked in the back office. She gave him a big hug and pecked his cheek.

"You're awfully chipper this morning. I love it!" Mick was so glad for her transformation. The dark circles under her eyes and serious facial expression were gone.

"How's our big guy?"

"Em, we need to have a name for him. If he was going to anyone but you, I'd keep him longer. But you know the drill. Keep him calm, restrict his activity to short walks, and take out his stitches in a couple of days. He has one more dose of antibiotics. So what's his name gonna be?"

"I'm not going to name him because his new owner should do that."

"You're going to let Parker have him?"

"Yeah. There's so much to tell you, but I need to get going. If I stay here I'll get involved in something and won't finish up this vacation you made me take." Emily winked at Mick, and he reached over and ruffled her hair. It was his favorite thing to do to her.

The shepherd was such a good dog. He seemed so grateful to everyone and was well behaved. Mick lifted the shepherd into Emily's truck and made her promise to take the back roads. "Seriously, Em, you need a different vehicle. No offense, but this pickup isn't good to transport animals in, and when winter hits, you'll be all over the road."

"Yes, father." Emily gave him a playful laugh and then climbed in behind the wheel. Even though the driving time was doubled, she made it to the property in one piece with the shepherd sound asleep beside her. She knew Mick was right about needed a different vehicle. Emily promised herself she would look for one soon. As she turned to travel down the long drive, her excitement rose, knowing it was Parker's RV. The Escape parked close by let her know that he was inside.

Russell had been trying to reach his brother all evening after Emily left. Rhonda was having no luck reaching him this morning.

"Russell, this isn't like Parker to not answer the phone or call us back. I'm getting worried." In her gut, Rhonda felt as if something was wrong.

"Maybe he isn't getting a signal out on the property." Russell didn't even believe that himself. Something was clearly wrong. He could feel it.

Parker must have dozed off under the low-lying branches of the huge pine. He was getting hungry and thirsty and was more determined than ever to get out of the woods. Somewhere along the way, he'd lost the bag with the food and water bottles in it. Probably when he'd fallen and gotten up to run out of fear. If he could just find the lake or stream, he could follow it. He tried to listen for the sounds of the water flowing but there weren't any. Parker was positive he had walked far away from where he'd been. He'd have to get to some sort of clearing.

The longer Parker walked, the denser the woods became. He could see the light rays coming through some places here and there, but he wasn't able to see the sky. Following his gut instincts, he decided to switch directions.

Emily knocked on the door to the RV, leaving the dog in the front seat. She wanted to surprise Parker. She knocked again and waited. After no sounds were heard, she went back to the truck to wait. He probably went for a walk. Emily put the leash on the shepherd, helped him to the ground, then poured some water from her bottle into a dog dish and sprinkled some food in the other. She took the shepherd for a slow, short walk and then helped him back into the pickup. He fell quickly asleep.

Two hours later, Emily climbed back out of her pickup and knocked on the RV door again. She called his name and still heard no rumblings inside. Maybe he had someone come and pick him up to go back to New York. He certainly wouldn't still be out there. She walked back to the truck and retrieved her cell phone from her purse. She tried to dial Davis Enterprises but had no signal. Emily drove toward town and pulled in a parking lot of a gas station. She dialed the number again.

"Davis Enterprises, may I help you?"

"Yes, could I speak with Parker Davis?"

"Please hold."

"This is Rhonda, may I help you?"

"Rhonda, this is Emily Carson, is Parker there?"

"No, we've been trying forever to reach him. He's in Colorado and isn't answering his phone."

Emily could tell that Rhonda was upset; her voice was rushed. "Rhonda, I can't find him either. His RV is on the property along with his rental, but he isn't there."

"Oh this isn't good..."

"I thought maybe he went for a walk. But at this point, I'm afraid he's lost out there. My friend was out at the property first thing this morning. So Parker's been gone for hours. If he went out yesterday--"

"Emily, we need to search for him! Do you know the land?"

"Yeah, I'll keep you posted." Emily drove back to the clinic to return the shepherd. She didn't want to risk leaving him in the pickup unattended. After informing Mick of the situation, she grabbed a bunch of bright orange tourniquets, hopped back in the truck, and headed to Wilkerson Farm.

"Well, if it isn't Emily Carson!" Gerald Wilkerson was the closest farm near her grandfather's property. He had several horses and allowed Emily to ride whenever she wanted.

"Gerald, it's good to see you again." Emily hugged the old man and then got quickly to the point. "Gerald, I need to borrow your four-wheeler. I'm afraid there's a friend of mine who's twisted around out there. I need to find him and I don't want to lose any more daylight."

"Sure thing, Em. You be careful on that land and don't forget to mark as you go. Run in the kitchen and grab some supplies."

When Emily walked out of the house, Gerald was standing outside holding the key.

"Thank you, Gerald. I'm heading north towards the lake, then east."

"Okay, got it. The tank's full and if I don't hear back from you by nightfall, I'll get some help out there."

"Thanks, Gerald."

Emily started the four-wheeler and then turned onto the road. She could have taken one of the horses, but if Parker was out there, the sound of the motor would carry.

***

Russell could no longer stand it. Something is horribly wrong. He grabbed his jacket off the back of his chair and ran from the office.

"Get the jet, Rhonda. I have to get to Colorado."

Rhonda nodded and picked up the phone, knowing there'd be no way to even slow her husband down. She was just as worried.

Chapter 16

Emily quickly arrived at the old riding trails on the property. They were overgrown with weeds but at least she wouldn't have to do too much dodging which would slow her down. As she got close to the water, she stopped and looked around for any clues. She didn't find any until she reached the lake. Near a big boulder were food wrappers blowing around on the ground. He's been here. She turned off the four-wheeler and yelled for Parker. The echoes came flooding back to her. Starting it back up, she headed east where the overgrown trail continued. Emily was careful to stop frequently and tie the orange tourniquets in visible places, not for herself, but if Parker found them, he'd know where to go. The markers would lead him back to the lake.

***

Russell called for a helicopter while in transit to Colorado, from the same company he used to scout the Carson property before the purchase. With a lot of financial incentive, he got them to agree to fly over the area and look for his brother. He'd never been so worried and terrified in his life.

After an hour and a half, Russell was handed the phone on the jet.

"We didn't spot him. The pilot covered the area your brother could have reached, but we didn't see him, just a woman riding a four-wheeler. The pilot returned. Sorry, Mr. Davis."

"Put him on the phone!" Parker waited impatiently for the pilot. He didn't even give the man a chance to say hello. "Get your ass back out there before we lose daylight!" Russell slammed the phone down.

Emily saw the helicopter and figured that Davis Enterprises had gotten someone in the air. Hopefully they could spot him. But if Parker was in the pines, they wouldn't have any luck. Emily didn't even wander there. Even though she was experienced, she knew that one could quickly become turned around if they didn't use markers. She stopped again and yelled. She cranked up the speed, grinding into fifth gear, hoping the noise would carry. He has to be in the woods or the chopper would have spotted him. Emily climbed off the four-wheeler when she reached the end of the clearing. She grabbed her supplies, the handful of markers, and entered the acres of pines.

Parker heard the sounds of a helicopter. He took off in a run to find a clearing. Soon, the sound of hope became farther away. I'm not getting out of here. Then he heard the distant sounds of an ATV. Come on, come on, come on! He wasn't able to tell which direction they were coming from. Then the sound stopped. They left. Parker felt absolutely hopeless.

"Parker!" Emily frequently yelled.

Parker heard the voice and yelled back. "I'm here! I can't get to you!"

"Parker, it's Emily! Don't move, I'll find you! Talk to me!"

Parker couldn't tell who it was or what they said, so he sang every song that came into his head, making up the words when he didn't know them.

It was darker in the pines, so Emily turned on her flashlight. The sound seemed to still be far away. Looking at her hand, she was dismayed to find she only had two more tourniquets left.

"I have to go back out! Stay where you are, I'm going for more help!"

He could only hear echoes and unclear words. Parker was aware that someone knew he was in the woods, and that was comforting to his panicked mind. He hoped they wouldn't stop looking for him. He continued to sing; his voice was getting pretty worn out. He no longer heard the sounds of someone yelling. They left too.

Emily ran back out to the clearing and, as fast as she could, she gathered stones, tinder, and kindling to start a fire. It took her a while to find the materials and get a fire going of decent size. Hopefully if the chopper came back they'd spot it, or someone would see the smoke over the tree lines. The sun was going down, and Emily knew the window for finding Parker was getting smaller.

It was dark where Parker was. Not as black as the night he'd experienced when he got turned around, but definitely on its way. No one is coming. He was losing hope as the thoughts of being there another night began to set in. He could no longer sing; his voice had gone a while ago. His throat was dry, hurting, and he never needed water so badly. Standing here isn't going to get me home. I have to get out of these trees. Parker used the rest of his energy to walk.

***

Emily knew she had to leave, but if she did that she'd have to extinguish the fire. She didn't want Gerald to worry about her and get a search party to come find her when she wasn't the one lost. Then it hit her. I'll stay out here. Hopefully help will come. She kept the fire fed and propped herself up against the tire of the four-wheeler.

***

Gerald waited until an hour past dark. Emily should have been back and knew better than to be out there in the dark. True to his word, Gerald phoned the sheriff.

"James, this is Gerald Wilkerson."

"Evenin', Gerald. What can I help you with?"

"Emily Carson went out looking for a lost friend. She's still out there, James. I need someone to look for her."

James listened to as much information that Gerald could provide. James Dyle went to high school with Emily and was more than willing to help find her.

"I have horses if you need them. I'm too old to ride now, but if need be, I'll do it."

"I'll get some men out there. It'll be too difficult in the dark. We'll wait until first daylight, then head out."

Gerald sat at the kitchen table until two in the morning, hoping Emily would come through the door. He startled awake in the chair, then got up and put a pot of coffee on.

***

Emily heard the chopper blades again in the distance. She hadn't let the fire die down, even using her flashlight to go gather more wood. Come on you guys, see the fire! The sound grew louder as the chopper got closer, then the spotlight blinded her. It continued past and hovered over to another spot farther in the clearing, where it landed. Emily kept her eyes covered. The motor shut off on the chopper and the pilot climbed out and ran to her.

"I saw your fire."

"Good, that's why I made it. A man named Parker Davis is lost out in the pines. They go on for about five thousand acres before there's another decent clearing. We need to get him out of there."

"Russell Parker sent me up in the air. I didn't see anything the first go through, so he sent me back up. Good thing he did." Alex was glad he had something to report. He certainly didn't want to get yelled at again.

"We need a team to go in these pines. I would have done it but I ran out of markers. I grew up on this land and even I could get easily turned around in there." Emily looked towards the darkened pines and wrapped her arms around herself.

"Let me go back and radio this in. Be back in a minute."

Emily had the sinking feeling that no one was going to go into the woods with it being this dark. The air was getting cold when she stepped away from the fire, so she knew Parker was in there freezing.

"I talked to the sheriff. He said he'd have a team out here at sunrise."

"Do you have anything to use for markers? Anything to leave a trail?"

"All I have are flares, and I already found you so that's not going to help much. You should head back home and come back at daylight."

"What if he comes out of the woods? Someone has to be here. I'll stay. I'm not a dumb woman when it comes to survival and I have a fire, transportation, and supplies. Tell the sheriff where I am and let him know there's an overgrown horse trail that leads up to the lake, then turns east towards this clearing. Ask him to call Gerald Wilkerson and tell him I'm safe."

"I can't talk you out of this, can I?"

"No. Thanks for your help. My name is Emily Carson."

"Alex Wagner." Alex squeezed Emily's hand. "Be safe out here, Emily."

She watched as Alex flew away from the clearing. Be okay, Parker, just be okay.

Parker heard the helicopter blades again in the distance and he listened intently as they faded. He knew no one was going to find him until he got out of the woods. Parker checked his pockets for mints, gum, anything edible. He found nothing but credit cards, a phone with a dead battery, and a wad of cash. A lot of good this does me now. The wind was picking up and the crackling of the branches seemed extra loud to him. His head was pounding and he was exhausted. His stomach ached, and he was scraped all over the place from the sharp pine needles, but he continued to walk.

***

Russell got the news from the pilot of the chopper.

"Take me out there now."

"Mr. Davis, they have a search team going out at daylight. If you contact the sheriff's office you can find out the time and join them. They don't need to be looking for two Davis brothers."

"Where does Emily Carson live? She has to have more information."

"Emily Carson stayed out by herself in the area your brother went missing. She refused to leave."

Russell called the sheriff and agreed to meet at five in the morning for the search organization and the five-thirty departure toward the location. He didn't even attempt to get any sleep. He knew it'd be fruitless.

The storm hit at four in the morning. The blinding rain, thunder, and lightning sent Emily into a panic. The fire was washed out, and she needed to find shelter. The heavy rain would make it impossible for her to see while riding the four-wheeler, not to mention trying to get through all the mud. Grabbing as many supplies as she could, she ran to the pines to take cover.

At five in the morning, Russell showed up at the sheriff's office only to be told the search was called off until the weather settled down.

"You can't call the search off! My brother's out there!" Russell started to grab the sheriff by the front of his uniform.

"Mr. Davis, you don't want to do that. Just try and calm down. Everyone's on standby and when the weather breaks, we'll do what we can. Right now it isn't safe, and there's no way we can get a chopper up in this wind and lightning."

"I'll go look for him myself." Russell stormed out the door. As soon as he was pelted in the face, he knew there'd be very little visibility. Russell went back inside and sat down.

"Would you like some coffee?" offered the sheriff. James felt bad for the guy and could only imagine what he was going through.

"Please," Russell softly said.

When the rain backed off, Emily climbed on her four-wheeler and tried to backtrack. She was well aware that the area could be dangerously flooded with rains that lasted this long. It was four in the afternoon and she still hadn't seen a soul. As much as she didn't want to believe it, the area was flooded and there was no way anyone was going to get there until the water level backed down. She went back to the woods and continued to call for Parker. At seven in the evening, with the thick cloud cover, there wasn't any daylight. I won't leave you here, Parker.

Parker was getting very nauseated. He tried not to vomit, but when he did, nothing came up. His head was pounding so hard it was making him sick. The stomach cramps were doubling him over at times, and when he walked he had to rest frequently and often hold onto things. He knew the storm was bad and that no one in their right mind would go out in it. Luckily the pines kept him fairly dry and offered protection. He felt so weak and shook from the cold.

"Go get some rest, Mr. Davis. The weather is supposed to be clearing up. We plan on heading out in the morning."

"I'm not leaving. My brother has definitely been out there for two days, probably three." Tears formed in his eyes. "

James just smiled and nodded his head. "If I can get you anything let me know."

***

Emily was relieved to finally see the sky begin to lighten. The fire was gone, with no hope of finding anything dry to build another one. But she didn't worry because she'd already been located, and if they followed the old horse trail they'd run into her. All she could do was pray that the water backed off. It wasn't much longer before she heard the sounds of multiple ATVs. Finally she saw the headlights coming in her direction. There were ten four-wheelers. Many of the drivers were people she'd grown up with.

"Emily, I was worried about you being out here all night."

Emily approached James Dyle and hugged him. "Thanks for your help, James. Parker Davis is in those pines someplace. We need to get him out. It stormed pretty good, but in those thick pines it was relatively dry. I don't know if he brought water with him when he came out here."

"Sit tight, Em, I have a chopper on its way equipped with thermal imaging. We'll find him."

"Emily..." came a choked-out sound of her name.

"Russell?"

Russell stepped closer so she could see his face. She ran at him and buried her face in his chest.

"We'll find him, Emily, I promise you that. I won't leave until I have my brother with me." Tears slid down both of their cheeks.

***

Sometime during the night, Parker tripped while walking and had fallen to the ground. He wasn't injured, but was too weak to get up. He lay where he fell and closed his eyes. The distant sound of a helicopter awoke him, but he didn't think it was real, until the sound became louder.

***

When James saw the helicopter stay in one area, he got hopeful. Finally he was radioed.

"We got him and he's mobile." Guy Lowell had helped search for many people. When he found someone alive, which wasn't normally the case out in this wilderness, it sent his body into overdrive.

The bright light filtered through the trees and Parker moved toward it, waving his arms. A new energy soared through him. When he tried to stand he fell again.

***

"Follow me!" Emily jumped on her four-wheeler and started the motor. Russell settled in on the seat behind her and held on. The others followed suit. She rode as fast as the rough terrain would allow towards the side of the pines where it would lessen the amount of time on foot. When she reached the point of entry, she stopped the motor and jumped off. She waited until everyone was with her so they wouldn't end up searching for another person.

"Parker!" Emily and Russell began to yell, but the helicopter blades drowned their voices out.

"Stay close behind me!" Emily began to run into the woods and the others were running behind her. She turned her flashlight on and had to slow down her speed to weave around the trees and branches, and avoid tripping on the roots. Parker was only about ten acres from the place where they entered the woods.

Russell broke out in a run, speeding past Emily when they got close to the light. "Parker! Parker!" Russell ran faster than he'd ever moved. Branches stung his arms and face, but he didn't allow them to slow him. He saw his brother staggering and falling while attempting to stand on his feet. His brother was alive. Russell bolted forward and dropped to his knees.

Parker felt the strong arms around him.

Chapter 17

Parker slowly opened his eyes as he lay in the hospital. In the room, staring at him from each side of the bed, were Russell and Emily. His brother looked at him and smiled, the relief on his face was evident. Parker only partially remembered being carried out of the woods and flown to the hospital where he endured exams and needles. Turning his attention to Emily, he remembered more than he wanted to. I hurt her so much. She didn't deserve any of it.

Russell patted his brother's arm. "Hey, how do you feel?"

"The headache's gone so I'm grateful for that, and I feel stronger." Parker's voice was still raspy. "I'm definitely happy I'm not lost in the woods anymore." Parker gave a weak smile.

"You scared the hell out of me, brother." Russell had a serious expression on his face. "I don't ever want to go through that again."

"You can relax now, Russ. I'm not lost anymore, and I never plan on venturing out like that again."

"They're giving you lots of IV fluids and said you can eat this morning if your stomach feels up to it." Russell quickly changed the topic because his voice was beginning to shake. "In a couple of days you can be discharged. Work is fine, Rhonda is there making sure--"

Parker listened to his brother talk super fast. He knew he did that when he was nervous. "Russell, I'm okay. You don't have to worry, and I'm sorry I scared everyone." Parker could tell his brother was getting ready to fall apart.

Russell put his face in his hands, then stood up and wrapped his arms around Parker. "I thought I'd lost you for good." His voice cracked and he blinked back the tears.

"You found me. There's nothing to worry about anymore." Parker tried to stay upbeat but knew the truth; he could have easily died out in the woods.

"I was there for the search, Parker. But if it wasn't for Emily, you wouldn't have been found as soon as you were. This situation could have easily had a different outcome." Russell needed to step out of the room to regain composure. "I'm going to go grab a cup of coffee. Do you want some, Emily?"

"No thank you." Emily smiled and then stared down at her lap as Russell left the room.

"Thank you for being here, Emily. I didn't think I'd get to see you again."

"You shouldn't try to talk, Parker. I'm sure that your throat hurts when you do."

Parker smiled and nodded his head. The awkward silence was noticed by both of them. Even if he didn't have one hell of a sore throat, it would be difficult to know where to begin. He would definitely break any records for saying I'm sorry.

"Try to get more sleep, Parker, you've been through a pretty big ordeal." Emily got up and touched his face, then quietly left the room. She didn't know what to say or do anymore. It was evident that she'd gone through a traumatic experience too in this situation and wished more than anything she had her grandfather to talk to. As she walked through the lobby, she saw Russell. She tried to keep her head down and leave without being noticed.

"Emily, can we talk?" Russell had a sad look in his eyes. He walked towards her when he saw her nod. He found an empty family room off the lobby and, with his arm around her shoulders he led her through the doorway and they both sat in the chairs.

"What did you want to talk about?" Emily was nervously biting her lip.

"Us. This whole thing. Almost losing Parker..."

"But we didn't and he's going to be okay." Emily tried to smile, but Russell saw that it didn't match her eyes.

"Emily, you're not okay. Neither am I."

"I'm just really tired, Russell. I think after a nice nap, I'll be good as new."

"Come here." Russell stood up, held onto her hands, and gently pulled her to her feet. As soon as he wrapped his arms around her, she lost it. They each shared their tears for a long time. No words needed to be spoken and no excuses had to be given. It was crystal clear to Russell just how much this woman loved his brother. His gratitude for all she had done was too big to measure.

After a while, Russell lifted up her chin and looked into her eyes. "Emily, I know you love him. No woman would have ever done what you did for my brother. He has loved you for a long time. Please don't walk away like this. Go back upstairs and tell him."

"He needs to rest, Russell. He came close to death. The last thing he's probably thinking about is me."

"I'm going to stay down here and give you both some time. This will help you and Parker, I promise. If it goes badly I'll let you slap me again." Emily chuckled a little and then turned back towards the elevators. When she reached the floor, she saw a doctor leaving Parker's room. She stood in the hall, hesitant to go in.

Parker was hoping that Emily would've stayed. She saved his life. Now he was even more in love with her. Now that I'm okay, she has no reason to come back, and I have no reason to stay in Colorado. The soft knock on the door snapped him out of his thoughts. He didn't think the nurse would be here this soon to draw his blood. But when he saw Emily's tear-stained face, he slid over in the bed and pulled back the covers. She quickly removed her shoes, not even caring about how horrible she looked. She hadn't slept much in days and hadn't showered or brushed her hair. When she climbed under the blankets, her body fit perfectly against Parker's. He pulled her head to his chest and waited until her tears were through.

"Emily, you saved my life and I don't even know how to say thank you for that..."

"I didn't have a choice. When you love someone you do whatever it takes."

That was all Parker needed to hear. "You have no idea how much I love you, Emily."

Russell stopped at the nurse's station and was happy that his brother was getting discharged in the morning. He was almost tempted to call Rhonda and have the pine trees in their yard chopped down. He quietly laughed at his imagined reaction he'd get from his wife. He walked to Parker's room and heard no sounds. I'm glad he's resting. He cracked the door to peek in and found Emily and Parker wrapped up in each other's arms. Both were sleeping, and both had smiles on their faces. Today's a good day, thought Russell as he softly closed the door behind him. The smiles were definitely contagious.

"Mr. Davis? You didn't eat your breakfast and your lunch is cold." She gave Emily a harsh look. "We have plenty of chairs..."

"Oh I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to fall asleep." Emily's cheeks turned red as she turned to get up.

"Stay here, Em. We'll order some take-out." Parker wanted her next to him.

"Well, the doctor put you on a diet as tolerated, and I'm here to take your IV out. You're handling fluids pretty well so I don't see why you couldn't order something healthy."

"Do I have to stay? Can I be discharged this evening?"

"Parker, I don't think you should leave." Emily got a very worried look on her face.

"But I feel really good." Parker tried to protest but he could tell he wasn't going to win.

"Please stay until the morning."

Parker couldn't resist Emily's pouty face, so he quickly gave in. "Okay, I'll stay as long as you promise me you'll go eat a good meal and get a good night's sleep."

"Deal. You'll call me if you need anything?"

"I promise," Parker gave her a genuine smile and softly kissed her lips.

Just as Emily was getting ready to walk out, Russell came in the room. "You're looking much better, Parker." Russell winked at his brother and smiled at Emily.

"I feel much better and I'd like to go home, but my idea got vetoed." Parker glanced at Emily.

"Good girl," said Russell. "Tomorrow you'll be a little bit stronger and by the next day you should be good enough to travel back to New York." Russell gave Parker a thumbs up, but you could have heard a pin drop in the room.

The smile left Emily's face, and Parker's sinking feeling showed immediately in his eyes. "Well there's lots of time to discuss all of that," he quickly responded. But no matter how hard Parker tried, he wasn't able to change the reality that quickly settled in.

"Are you taking off, Emily?" Russell was kicking himself.

"Yeah, I'm going to go grab some food, then get some sleep.

"Do you mind if I join you? I haven't eaten yet either. I'll come back and see Parker this evening. Visiting hours are almost over but I can come back at six tonight."

"Sure, I don't mind." Emily did mind, though. She wanted to be alone and think about what just hit her.

"Parker, I'll see you this evening. Love ya, man."

"Back at you...make sure she eats." He watched Emily offer a quick smile and wave from the doorway. That wasn't exactly what he expected.

Now what the hell's going to happen?

Emily drove to a Chinese restaurant close to the hospital and walked to a corner booth. She was happy it wasn't crowded. Not much was said until their food was delivered. Emily hadn't realized how long it had been since she'd eaten. Her stomach, however, turned as tight as a knot.

"I'm sorry for sticking my foot in my mouth back at the hospital. I didn't mean to even bring that up."

"Maybe I didn't want to hear it, but you spoke the truth, Russell. I can't let a relationship form when all he's going to do is leave. It wouldn't be fair to either of us."

"Parker has to be in New York. But long distance relationships happen all the time." Russell knew that was a pretty crappy response as soon as he said it.

Emily just shook her head and picked at her food. Silence loomed over them, and the longer it did, the more horrible Russell felt.

"Emily, maybe you could open up a practice in New York?"

"I don't belong in New York. I was raised here, and I don't want to just walk away from the land. That's all I have left of my family." Emily put the remainder of her food in a takeout box. She ate very little. "I have a business partner too. I can't just up and leave him."

"I understand. But think about it."

Emily drove Russell back to the hospital and then headed to her apartment. Once she got home she called to update Mick and check on the shepherd.

"I'll come into work in the morning."

"Emily, you should stay home for a few days." Mick could tell by the sound of her voice that something else had happened.

"I appreciate your concern, but the best thing for me right now is to stay busy." After she convinced Mick, she jumped in the hot shower and crawled into bed. Emily was hoping that sleep would come quickly and take her out of her misery, but sleep didn't come and the misery settled in tenfold.

When her alarm went off, she crawled out of bed feeling like death warmed over. She wasn't looking forward to the day, not even a little.

Russell walked into the hospital room to find his brother pacing back and forth.

"I'm sorry, Parker, it looks like I ruined everything."

"It's okay, you didn't ruin things. You pointed out the truth. Did she say anything to you?"

"She picked at her food and said she couldn't leave Colorado and didn't want a long distance relationship." Russell ran his fingers through his hair.

"Get me some clothes. I need to go see her."

"Parker, she's at home resting. Seriously, she's been up for a long time and needs to rest so she can think clearly. First thing in the morning, I'll bring you some fresh clothes and take you to see her."

"I'm not going to New York without her."

"Parker, listen to yourself. You obviously need more rest so you can think clearly too. You can't stay in Colorado. We have lots of work to do. Saying that we got a little behind is putting it mildly."

Parker finally agreed and said goodnight to Russell. It's going to be one hell of a sleepless night. And it was.

***

Emily walked into the clinic and was greeted by a very happy German Shepherd. "Look at you!" Emily got on her knees and quickly got her face washed.

"He's really doing good, isn't he?" Mick bent over and scratched the dog's ears. "Unlike someone else I know..."

"Mick, come on, give me a break today. How's the schedule look?"

"A few routine surgeries and appointments, but nothing big."

"If you want, I can stay today and you can take off. Jerry's here isn't he?"

"He should be here shortly. Emily, I don't think it's the best idea for you to be at the clinic today. You've gone through an awful lot." Mick would never stop worrying about her. Even though she put on a brave front, he knew she was suffering.

"It's all good, Mick. Thank you for your concern, but I'll be fine." Emily headed towards the front desk to check on appointments. She wasn't in the mood for any more protests from Mick.

***

Caroline sat at the front desk and watched as Emily came through the doors to the lobby. It was the end of the day and no more appointments were left. "Em, I hate to bother you again, but Parker Davis has called you nine times. Do you think you can call him back?" She knew something was troubling Emily, but didn't want to meddle.

"I'll call him back when I get home."

"There aren't any added appointments--"

"I'll take care of it, Caroline. Thank you." Emily was exhausted. She felt weak and still hadn't eaten very much. All she wanted to do was go to bed. She walked back to the conference room and gathered her things. Mick walked in and stared at her.

"Go get some food in your stomach, Em. If you don't start taking care of yourself, I'm going to force feed you."

"I'll stop on the way home. See you in the morning, Mick." Emily walked out the door, leaving Mick still standing there.

Caroline walked to the back with yet another message from Parker Davis. "Mick, this is the tenth time he's called. Can you find out what he wants? He keeps saying it's urgent and Emily isn't calling him back." Caroline was getting tired of taking the same message over and over again.

Mick took the last message and sat at his desk. He dialed Parker's number, not even knowing what he was supposed to say to the guy.

"Parker, this is Mick. Emily just left for the day. We've been very busy at the clinic. You said it was urgent. Is anything wrong?"

"Everything's wrong!" Parker sat in the motel, not even having any thoughts about returning to that land that nearly consumed him. "I have to talk with Emily."

"Look, I don't know what's happened today, but if Emily wanted to talk to you she would have called you back. By the way, I'm glad you're feeling better since your horrible ordeal."

"Give me her address." Parker was getting pissed. He was tired of roadblocks from this guy.

"You know I can't do that. Have a nice evening, Parker. Stop hounding her." Mick hung up the phone, hoping that would be the last of it. But he knew better than to believe that Parker Davis would give up so easily.

Parker stared at his phone. He was determined to keep trying. When you love someone you do whatever it takes.

Chapter 18

Russell ran out of his room at the same motel where his brother was staying. He knocked loudly on the door until Parker flung it open with an irritated look on his face.

"The jet's here, Parker. There's been a fire and your penthouse is up in smoke. Let's go..."

"What the hell?"

"Come on, I'll explain on the way. Get your things together." Russell was already inside the room, not waiting for any wasted time. He began helping Parker gather his belongings.

"How did it start?"

"They're still putting the fire out. Four people can't be accounted for. Let's go!"

Rhonda kept Russell informed on the flight back to New York. "I think they found the four missing people. I don't believe anyone was hurt, but three floors are pretty much destroyed and everyone has been evacuated. They were able to get all the animals out. Some are pretty sick from the smoke. It's really bad, Russell."

"Hang in there, babe, we'll land in another hour."

***

Russell and Parker stood amongst the chaos in front of their sky rise. Reporters wanted answers right along with the tenants. Parker found the fire chief and hurried over to him.

"I'm Parker Davis, is anyone hurt?"

"We don't think so. Most of the people who live here were gone. We obtained a tenant list from a Rhonda Davis. You resided here as well, correct?"

"Yes, I live in the penthouse on the top floor."

"I'm afraid that's been destroyed. So far it looks like the fire started two floors below yours. We won't know the exact cause until it's safe for our guys to walk through. The fire alarms and sprinkler systems worked, or the fire would have been much worse. The building will be closed until we can secure the structure. We have an animal shelter here trying to take care of the sick pets, but we need more hands."

"Thank you, and please keep me posted. I'll call my secretary and see if we can find temporary shelters." Parker felt horrible inside. Seeing the devastated tenants and the destruction was making him feel sick. Animals covered in black soot were in cages and on leashes. If I had the shepherd here, he would have been killed.

Parker reached in his pocket for his phone, which sat ringing on the bed in Colorado.

***

Emily had stopped by the grocery store on the way and picked up a few things before heading home. Mick was right; she had to take better care of herself. The garlic roasted chicken breast with russet potatoes, green beans with almonds, and a small garden salad filled her stomach. She even forced herself to drink a glass of milk, something she'd never liked. Now it was time to face the inevitable. Emily dialed Parker Davis. It went to voicemail.

"Hi, Parker, I hope you're feeling well. I'm just returning your call." Parker didn't return the message. Emily tried two more times that evening, and her messages went unanswered. He's just doing what I did to him. But another thought hit her. What if something's wrong? What if he got sick again? What if he left the hospital too soon? Emily put on her shoes and drove to the motel. She was hoping he was still staying there. But as she pulled up, the housekeeper was leaving and closing his door.

"Excuse me. Is the man who was staying here still renting this room?"

"No he left some hours ago and forgot his phone." The housekeeper laughed.

"I can send it to him. He's a friend."

"Well, I'm not supposed to do this, but I don't feel like making out a form. Here you go. Just make sure he gets it."

"I will. Thank you." Emily was relieved that he hadn't been ignoring her. After the housekeeper went into a different room, she called Davis Enterprises.

"Rhonda, this is Emily. Parker left his phone at the motel. I'll mail it back to him. Could you let him know?"

"He's right here, Emily. Hang on a second."

She didn't expect to talk to him this suddenly and felt herself getting nervous.

"Emily, thank you for picking my phone up. It's crazy here right now." Parker's voice wasn't calm at all.

"Parker, is everything okay?"

"No, not at all. My apartment building caught fire today. I have sick animals, misplaced tenants...This is horrible."

"Parker, can I help with anything?"

"Just come here, Emily. Please."

***

Rhonda met Emily at the airport at four in the morning when her plane landed. Rhonda greeted her with a hug,

"Parker and Russell have to stay where they are. None of us have ever gone through a fire before. This is so horrible. No one was killed, thank God, and some of the tenants were on vacation. They aren't aware that they have no home to come back to yet."

"Where are the tenants staying?" Emily didn't want to openly ask if Parker's apartment was destroyed.

"Parker's staying with us. The top three floors burned. I feel so awful." Rhonda dabbed at her eyes.

"I'll get a room and stay to help for as long as I can."

"You can stay with us. You're not going to find a room in this area. The entire building was evacuated and remains closed. You'll be a wonderful sight for Parker. Both men have stayed at the office. They walk back and forth from the apartment building to the office. Some of our employees lived in that building as well. Everything's really bad right now. I'll take you to my house so you can get some rest. I need to go back to the office."

"No, take me with you. I'm not going to be any good to anyone if I don't go with you."

Parker stood outside, across the street from the place he called home for a few years. The fire chief shook his hand and gave him a tired smile.

"The good news is, we can confirm that no one is missing and there were no fatalities. There were several treated for smoke inhalation and most of those have been released. It's looking like the fire was deliberate. The police are questioning a suspect who lit all his wife's clothes on fire. We believe gasoline was the accelerant. He ran from the scene using the stairwell."

"Thank you. Let me know if you find out anything else."

Parker rubbed his face with his hands. The odor of smoke still filled the air, and sounds of crying, praying, and disbelief were around him.

People scrambled around calling for their animals that were scattered in temporary cages and in need of medical care. Emily walked over to the makeshift area created for them. She saw Parker out of the corner of her eye as he stood there staring at the animals.

"Parker!" Emily called as she made her way through the people.

"Emily!" He threw his arms around her and seemed to hold on for dear life. "Thank you for coming out here. I feel so lost."

"It's okay. I found you once, I'll find you again." Emily let out a soft chuckle, but the comment went right over Parker's head. "Let's go someplace and get a plan together so I can find out the best way to help." Emily kissed his tired face and let him guide her by the hand.

Rhonda had gotten three of her staff to man the phones which were ringing off the hooks. She made Parker shower, eat some food, shave his scruffy face, and take a two hour nap. He refused to leave the area. Emily curled up beside him on the couch in his office, and that's the only way he was able to let himself relax enough to sleep.

After a couple hours, Emily unpacked her scrubs and then went with Parker to where the animals were being cared for. The amount of people who opened their homes to provide temporary shelter for the pets amazed her. She helped wash and examine the animals and met with several of their owners. Camille Johnson, a local veterinarian, was overly grateful for Emily's help. This experience was definitely changing her opinion of Manhattan.

Parker and Russell had worked closely with the tenants and offered motel rooms for them to stay in until the insurance companies were able to do their part. Most went with relatives. Parker didn't miss anything that got destroyed at his penthouse. He learned there was more to life than money and possessions. Being lost in the woods, and his close call with death, changed his perspective on life.

"Why don't you two come on back to the house and rest up?" Rhonda had tried many times to get them to do that, but they wouldn't budge.

"I'm going to have to find a new place to live." Parker laughed, but he was reminded of their early childhood and not having a steady home.

"You need to show him, Russell." Rhonda smiled and nodded at her husband.

"Show me what?"

"Parker, come with me. We'll be back here in an hour, but there's something I want to show you. It's important or I wouldn't drag you away." Russell found another reason to love his wife.

Parker climbed in the Jaguar with Russell as he steered around the thick traffic. Most of the people clogging up the streets were news vans and gawkers. Russell finally turned the corner and headed up his street.

"Russell, if you're taking me back to your house, you might as well turn around right now." But Russell ignored him and passed by his home.

After three more miles, Russell pulled over to the side of the road. "There," said Russell as he pointed out the driver's window.

"Who lives there?"

"This house went on the market last week. I think you should take a look at it. It's a buyer's market right now and that house isn't going to be up for long. It's beautiful, spacious and, most importantly, near us. Seriously, Parker, it's time you just bought a house."

"It's really nice. I'm going to be a dog owner soon, so that yard will come in handy. But why would I need a house that big?" Parker laughed.

"It won't always be just you. This would be a great home to raise a family in. Think about it, okay?"

Parker nodded as Russell turned around and drove back to the office.

Emily phoned Mick when the situation was under control in Manhattan. He seemed frantic.

"Mick, what's going on?"

"Just busy. Jerry Moore has the flu. I gotta go, Em."

"I'll be on the next flight Mick. Hang in there." The guilt soared through her. Emily had never felt so torn. She felt guilty for leaving her obligations, ones that she willingly signed up for. She walked back to the office and found Rhonda.

"I'm really sorry, but I have to get back to Baldwin. The other veterinarian is sick."

"I understand, Em. Thank you for coming out to help. Let me check on flights for you, or I can just call for the jet."

"No, no, that's okay. A regular flight will be just fine."

Rhonda checked on the computer and informed Emily that there was a flight leaving soon, and if she hurried she'd make it.

"Well I don't want to disturb Parker, so I'll just leave him a note." She really struggled to find the right words. She quickly jotted down that she had to go back and for him to take care of himself. As soon as Emily closed his office door behind her, she was already kicking herself. What a cold, dumbass thing to write. But she didn't believe in pulling any punches. There wasn't going to be a future for them, and no use in pretending there would be.

Parker stopped by Rhonda's desk to ask about Emily. She pointed to his office. She didn't want to have to see that sad look on Parker's face again.

He hurried to his office and opened the door with a big smile on his face. There was no Emily, only a note. His smile quickly left as he read it. He closed the door and turned off the light. His mood became as dark as the room.

Chapter 19

Juan Rodriguez was charged for the fire. Parker remembered him as a pleasant man who owned multiple dry cleaning businesses. You just never know. Parker was definitely getting sick of seeing his picture and news about the fire in the paper most mornings. Three weeks had passed and he hadn't heard from Emily. He wanted the shepherd but doubted that it was still available to be adopted. Even though the chances were slim to none that he'd ever talk to her again, he still held hope on a daily basis.

Parker was able to purchase the big house on twelve acres in a nice gated community. He had a couch, bed, and very little else. Rhonda harped at him constantly.

"Give me your credit card, Parker." Rhonda glared at him while she stood in his office.

"Uh, ask your husband for money?" Parker laughed, Rhonda didn't.

"Give me your card. I'm going to furnish your house. You've been there for two weeks and it still looks like a shell. Let me take care of it for you."

"Thank you for caring, but I'll take care of it myself."

Rhonda sighed heavily and shut the door. She'd already tried to get her husband to talk to Parker. All he did was remind her that she wasn't his mother. That wasn't going to deter her one bit. She was just going to have to be more creative.

Jerry Moore was out of the office for a solid week. Mick was really happy that Emily came home, but he didn't like watching her sink a little deeper inside herself more and more every day.

"Can we talk, Emily?" Mick knew she'd been avoiding him. She wasn't even joking around with the staff, which was way out of character for her.

"Sure." Emily offered him some cheesecake she brought in.

"You're baking like a mad woman. Have you looked around at the things you've made? We have cookies, cakes, more cookies...there's even half a meatloaf in the fridge. You mind telling me what's going on?"

"I love to bake, you know that."

"Emily, this isn't about a hobby. You haven't been yourself in a very long time. I think this has everything to do with Parker Davis."

"When are we starting on the facility for the clinic on the property?"

"Emily! I don't want to talk about anything but this. What's going on?"

"Parker Davis is a thing of the past. I'm just getting on with my life, so is he."

"Let me ask you something. If Parker lived in Colorado would you be with him?"

Emily just stared at Mick. She definitely didn't want to unbury painful feelings that she was trying to cover up by constantly doing stuff. Luckily, Mick had no clue about the four afghans she'd made. "I don't know." Emily stared down at some paperwork until Mick removed the folder.

"Emily, why would you stay here? Even though I think he can be a jerk, which most men can be, I think he genuinely loves you. I've known you for too long to not notice when you're in love, hurt, angry, and any other emotion you want to throw out there. I'm not the enemy. Talk to me."

"I love Parker. Is that what you want to here? But he lives in New York and I'm stuck here." She'd said it. She finally said out loud what she has felt for a long time. They both stared at each other.

"Hun, why do you think you're stuck? You're not stuck." Mick reached over and took her hands in his.

Emily closed her eyes tightly but the tears spilled over anyway. "My land is here, we have plans for it. My family--there're the loans and the clinic we started and--"

"Sweetheart, you aren't stuck. If you stay here, you'll be so miserable. We will build a little cottage on the property and you can come visit anytime. I have Jerry working here now, and finding another veterinarian won't be a problem. He already voiced interest in becoming a partner. Go be happy, Emily. This world's a big place, and I'm just a plane ride or a phone call away." Mick dried her tears and kissed her forehead. "And when you go to New York? Take Parker his dog so the staff works more and plays with him less."

"He's probably already found someone, Mick. He's cute, single, and rich."

"So are you, so get going." Mick had always said, as long as you have people who love you, you'll always be rich.

Emily hugged him and went out the door. The last thing she was going to do was take off for New York without thinking things through.

Parker stood in his empty living room and looked at his empty house. He went to the window and looked at his empty yard. Maybe he should let Rhonda decorate it. But he saw how much Russell loved the flowers on everything in their house. Parker chuckled at his brother's predicament. He sat on his black leather couch and looked at his phone. I should call her. What's the worst that can happen? She'll say things I don't want to hear. Parker let his phone fall to his lap. He would gladly deal with a house full of floral everything if it meant spending every day with the person he loved.

***

Russell walked into Parker's office and found him looking out the window. "Parker, you about ready? The investors are arriving to review the Texas project."

"Yeah, let's get this over with." Parker stood up and stuffed papers in his briefcase and followed his brother to the large conference room. The last meeting he had with investors, Emily Carson had made quite an appearance. He couldn't seem to take his eyes off the place where she had landed. He still had some of her purse contents in his desk drawer. That cheap tube of lipstick, the--

"Mr. Davis?"

"What? Oh sorry, could you repeat that, Joe?"

Russell stared at his brother. "I think the plans will be welcomed in the community. It'll definitely create many jobs, both in the construction end of the project, as well as the hiring of employees to run the resort and grounds. And don't worry, gentlemen, the land accommodated a large factory that has been defunct for years. The owner was glad to get rid of it." The investors laughed amongst themselves.

The meeting went well, and after the investors left, Russell pulled Parker into his office. "What's wrong with you? You were a million miles away."

"I know and I apologize. Thanks for covering for me in there. I think I need to get away or something. I'm in this rut and can't seem to move forward."

"It's Emily."

"Yeah, it's Emily. Why would she just leave like that?"

"Call and find out, bro. Talk to you in the morning. By the way, don't let Rhonda decorate your house. You'll live like I do."

Emily was still awake at three in the morning. Thoughts were soaring through her mind. She cringed at the thought of waking Mick up, but she had to know if she was crazy or not.

"What's wrong?!" Mick startled when the phone rang and he saw who was calling him. He was sure something else had happened.

"You know how you told me to go to New York?"

"Yeah. But don't expect much of a therapy session from me at this hour."

"I think I'm going to go, Mick. I'll move there, and if me and Parker find each other, then it was meant to be. If it doesn't work, I'll come back."

"Sounds logical to me. When are you leaving?"

"Tomorrow. Goodnight, Mick. I love you. I'll be by to pick up the shepherd."

With a smile, Emily hung up the phone and set her plans into motion. This would either be the craziest thing she's ever done, or the best. She was more than willing to risk it. Dying inside a little each day was no longer an option.

She drove up onto the used car lot and purchased a two year old Jeep. It was perfect to travel in and the dog could rest comfortably. She found which vehicle she wanted rather quickly. Getting the salesman to shut the hell up was a whole different story. Finding a place to live was even less of a challenge. She had called Camille Johnson first thing this morning and asked about a job, and perhaps a small furnished house to rent where animals were allowed. Camille's uncle owned three rentals, and one was available. She was delighted to bring Emily on as part of her staff.

Saying goodbye to her friends at the clinic wasn't easy. They all knew she wouldn't be coming back except for visits. After lots of hugs and tears, Emily slipped the new collar and leash on the shepherd, kissed Mick on the cheek with promises to call him, and then walked out the door.

Once in the Jeep, Emily looked in her rearview mirror at the dog, who quietly chewed on a toy. She hadn't felt this much excitement in so long. A new life. I'm getting a brand new life.

She had to sneak the dog into a motel when she was getting too tired to drive. Once she hit Manhattan, she was very glad she had everything planned out. The city was, indeed, the busiest place she'd ever seen. Knowing that Parker was in the same area gave her a thrill. She loved the new little house, which even had a fenced in yard. Luckily for her, the shepherd wasn't destructive.

Manhattan Veterinary Clinic was an older building, passed down in Camille's family of veterinarians. It was a busy place and they immediately made Emily and her dog feel at home. Camille's grandfather purchased two buildings that had gone up for sale some decades ago and made the veterinarian clinic into one of the largest in the area.

"Emily, your dog is such a good boy! What's his name?" Camille gave the shepherd a treat.

"Well..."

"You mean to tell me you don't have a name for him?" Camille started to crack up. She was a petit woman in her mid-thirties, with short black hair. "Emily, you have to name the poor dog. I think we should make it a staff contest. They're a pretty creative bunch of people."

"Sure, why not!" The prize was a hundred dollar gift certificate to a local pet supply store and a fifty dollar gift certificate to the theater. Emily and Camille drew up the posters after work so they'd be visible for the staff the next day. At five in the afternoon tomorrow, hopefully the shepherd would have a name. Hopefully Parker will like it.

***

Parker walked down to check on the repairs taking place on the apartment building. All the tenants had moved back in, minus the six families who had too much damage done to their units. The foreman estimated, pending no complications, to have the place ready in a couple more weeks. At least that was some decent news he could share with them. He just wished he had some decent news within his personal life. His choices for this evening were to go home and be alone, or go on a vacation and be alone or sit in his office and overindulge in work projects. His brother and Rhonda had been hounding him to go away for a relaxing vacation. Relax? What the hell is that?

At five o'clock, Emily was saying goodbye to her last patient for the day. The staff was anxiously waiting to hand her the container full of name options. Each staff was allowed to submit three. Camille locked the front door and put the closed sign out front, then hurried back to where everyone was gathered. She handed Emily the container, who happily accepted it and sat in a chair in the middle of the room.

"Okay, when I read the names, people are going to yay or nay it. Here we go. The first choice is Max." Everyone laughed saying it was too common. "We won't say who suggested the name, we'll only announce that if a winner is selected. The next one is Bonzo." Everyone broke out in laughter. Even Emily and Camille were cracking up. The suggested names were interesting to say the least. Emily was losing hope after none of the names had been chosen yet.

"We're down to the last one! Let's hope Emily likes it!" Camille sat anxiously waiting.

Emily pulled out the last slip of paper. She heard the staff begin to moan and mumble. "Come on, guys, we have to give this one a chance." Then Emily stopped. She looked at the shepherd and had found the perfect name. "Chance. Come here, Chance." The shepherd lifted his head and came over to her. Everyone cheered, especially the young receptionist.

"Chance is the perfect name for that dog, Emily. But you go ahead and read the last one, then we can raffle the prize off," said Camille.

Emily nodded at Camille and then opened up her palm and read the tag. "Chance." Emily smiled over at Sonya, who put up her hand and cheered the loudest.

"When we heard about what had happened to the dog, you said you had to work really hard on him to give him a chance. That always stuck with me," said Sonya as she reached over to pet Chance.

"Congratulations, Sonya!" Emily got up and hugged her. She was given the prize and Camille made a new poster to put in the store window, announcing her as the winner, and she even attached a picture of the newly named canine. Sonya objected, but Camille encouraged her to be more enthusiastic.

"Camille, you'd make a poster if someone fixed their broken shoelace." Everyone laughed at Sonya's remark but they all knew it was true. The staff all loved Camille.

***

Parker continued to walk down Seventh Avenue, hoping he could find a place where his worries would fall from him. He bought an Italian Ice from a street vendor and casually strolled up the street. The lights in the city were blinking, and the crowd changed to a younger one. Parker let his mind wander while he walked and wasn't even aware that he'd reached Times Square until he heard the music. He stood and smiled at the memories of concerts he'd attended with his brother. I would love to come here with Emily.

Emily helped Camille close up the clinic, then they left at the same time. The clinic was closed on Sundays and Emily was grateful for a morning to sleep in. The night was beautiful with the perfect breeze, so she got back out of her Jeep, leashed up Chance, and headed towards the lights. She felt safe around this many people. She found herself at a vendor buying a strawberry Italian Ice, and continued on her way down Seventh Avenue. The night was young and Emily couldn't help but feel the vibes from people around her. Chance, with his red bandana, got way more attention than she did. She walked along until she saw a sign. "Times Square". I'll be damned. She had read about it many times, and it was always on her bucket list, but she'd never left Colorado to do anything adventuresome. When Emily lifted the cup of ice to her mouth, Chance took off in a run, the leash quickly whipping out of her hand. She screamed and ran as fast as she could. Chance was headed right towards a man. She ran faster. The dog had never even growled at anyone before. No no no no no! Chance began barking loudly and before she knew it, he was in the air flying at the man. There was nothing she could do to stop him.

Parker put his hands in his pockets and turned around to walk back. He heard a dog barking, and soon the large shepherd entered his sight and went airborne. At first he was startled, but he'd know that face anywhere. He opened up his arms and caught the dog, then landed on the grass with the shepherd licking his face.

"Chance! Oh my God, sir, I'm so sorry! I don't know what got into him! Are you okay?!" Emily was totally out of breath when she reached the poor man and the dog. She grabbed his leash and pulled him off, hoping she wouldn't see a bitten face or something worse.

"Parker?" Her heart began to beat even faster.

Parker got off the ground and stared down at her. "Emily, what are you doing in New York? Not that I'm complaining, trust me." Parker wanted to press his body against hers. He hadn't been this happy in a long time.

"I live here. It's a very long story. Can we talk someplace?"

Parker smiled and took Emily's hand. "I bought a house. We could go there if you'd like."

Emily smiled up at him and let him lead the way. The drive was quiet, until she saw the huge house. "You live here??"

"Yeah, I know it's pretty funny. Come inside but don't trip on all the furniture." Parker chuckled and opened the front door. Chance took off to investigate. Emily just stood there with a concerned look on her face.

"Furniture...."

"I know. Good taste huh?"

"Parker, the place is empty. But it's lovely."

"I'll grab us a glass of wine. Sit anywhere you'd like."

Emily walked over to the only place available other than the floor. She sat on the couch and Chance soon came to lie by her feet.

"You named him? Chance is a perfect name for this guy."

"Parker, I have so much to tell you."

"Say whatever's on your mind, Emily, I'm all yours."

More than you'll ever know, thought Parker.

Chapter 20

At six in the morning, the living room became brighter as the sun began to rise. They talked about all that happened, their fears, and mostly how much they'd missed each other. They moved closer together on the couch, where Emily rested her head on Parker's shoulder while he softly played with her long hair. They hadn't even exchanged a kiss.

"I think you should just live here with me. You can decorate the place however you'd like. Just go easy in the floral department."

"I have to pick my Jeep up, and all of our things are back at my place. Would you mind taking me there? I think sleep is in my near future so I'd like to go home."

"Emily, you can sleep here. We can go pick some things up for you, but I don't want you being away from me."

"I'll come and see you this afternoon if you're not busy." The last thing Emily wanted to do was rush things. Every time she'd been with Parker there was some sort of crisis or deceit. She needed to be sure that it was meant to be.

"I'll definitely be free."

Emily unlocked her door and let Chance in. She changed out of her clothes and climbed in bed. She fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

Parker drove to Russell's house after dropping Emily off. There was no way he was going to be able to rest. His nieces rarely cooperated in letting Rhonda and Russell sleep past seven, so he wasn't worried about coming over too early. He let himself in the house and was quickly greeted by two very active little girls. He hugged them both as their mother rounded the corner.

"This is a nice surprise. I'm glad we're not the only ones who aren't allowed to sleep in." Rhonda stared at her girls and smiled.

"Hey, Rhonda." Parker kissed her cheek. "Where's Russ? Don't tell me he's staying in bed and letting you do all the work."

"No chance in that one, bro." Russell laughed, then stared at his brother's face. "Wait a minute, I know that look. Did you talk to Emily?"

"She's here. I mean she lives in Manhattan. Long story but yeah, we talked all night." Parker had the biggest smile.

"I'll be darned." Russell got the atta boy look from Rhonda for not swearing in front of the girls.

"You'll have to bring her over for dinner, Parker." Rhonda was just as excited. She had been so worried about him.

"Actually, she's coming over this afternoon. I'm just nervous and excited at the same time."

"Parker, get some sleep. You're a real blank when you don't get enough rest."

"Russell, you're very funny when you talk like this. I think I might stay over here for the day just--"

"Close it, Parker. Stay for some good food, then get your butt to bed."

"Actually, I had some other plans I wanted to discuss with you." Parker let his smile widen.

Parker stayed for a delicious spread that Rhonda made. Her Sunday morning breakfasts were nothing short of a feast. He made an important stop, then drove back to his house but wasn't able to go upstairs to his bed. After making several phone calls, he lay down on the sofa where Emily had been, trying to recall her scent, her warmth, and sweet voice. Parker slept like a baby.

Emily felt a cold, wet nose on her cheek at two in the afternoon. She let Chance out and then headed to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. She hopped in the shower to wake up some before calling Parker, something she couldn't wait to do. After pouring herself a cup and taking a few sips, she grabbed her phone and headed to the back porch. Chance was sprawled out on top of the picnic table.

"Emily..." Parker instantly smiled. Waking up with this woman every morning would be perfect.

"I didn't mean to wake you."

"If it meant I could be awakened by you, I would never complain about what time it was."

"You're a sweetheart. Do you have plans? Did you still want to get together?"

"I'm trying to think of a way to ask this hot woman I know to come by, but she's wasting time on the phone."

Emily blushed and was glad that he couldn't see it.

"You're blushing." Parker laughed.

Emily blushed more, then promised to be over in a few minutes. She wanted to drive herself because she'd have to pack some things for Chance, and if things weren't going as planned, she was free to leave. She was positive she wasn't going to throw herself into Parker's bed. Emily didn't want a relationship built on lust.

Parker threw on his jeans after a hot shower and ran downstairs when he heard a soft knock on the door. When he opened it, Emily held out a hot cup of coffee.

"Oh, you're a doll!" Parker took the cup and began to drink, then set it down and hugged her. "It's great to see you, Emily. I have some wonderful things planned for us today."

"You do?" Emily smiled.

"Yep, and I'm ready to go. Don't ask me questions, today's a surprise." Parker took her hand, led her through the house, got Chance all set up, then took her out to the garage.

"He'll have to be let out, Parker. We can't be gone too long."

"Russell will be by every couple of hours to take care of him. It's all handled."

Parked inside the garage was a black Rolls Royce Phantom, and a driver stood holding the back door open for Emily.

"Parker!"

"You like?"

Emily smiled and climbed in, then Parker slid in beside her. He picked up her hand and held it on his lap.

"We're ready, Gary."

"Very well, Mr. Davis."

To surprise Emily even more, Parker asked to be let out so he could walk with her the rest of the way. When he reached the destination, Emily was beside herself.

"Parker, look! I didn't know they had carriage rides! Look at that beautiful black horse, it's a Shire. We should do this sometime."

"That sounds like a perfect plan." He smiled and took Emily over to the horse to pet it, then walked her to the black and gold painted antique carriage.

"Seriously? You planned this?"

"Yes, Emily, this is your first surprise."

Emily threw her arms around Parker and whispered in his ear. "Thank you so much." She climbed up on the seat as Parker sat next to her. He signaled the driver and off they rode.

The weather couldn't have been more perfect. He wrapped a blanket around her shoulders as they went on their two hour ride through all the wonderful, historic places. She never thought she'd actually see Strawberry Fields or all the wonders around Central Park. She rested her head on Parker's shoulder. Without a doubt, this was the most special day of her life. No one had ever done this for her.

Parker reached down in a picnic basket and pulled out a bottle of champagne, a couple of glasses along with specialty cheeses, fruit, and crackers. Parker poured her a glass and then placed a sweet grape in her mouth.

"Parker, this is unreal. I can't believe this..."

"Get used to it, Emily. Every time I'm near you, I feel like you do right now." Parker held her closer.

Emily couldn't believe that she'd been included in a fairytale. But then the carriage stopped in the middle of a long road. The scenery was gorgeous, but she didn't understand why it was stopping here. A car pulled up and stopped. The windows were tinted, and Emily was hoping there wasn't a problem. Shortly afterwards a van pulled up.

"Parker, this doesn't look right. I think we should go."

Soon the van opened and men in white went to the back. A small table and two chairs were pulled out of the back, and a white linen table cloth was put on top. Wine was poured and the table was set by men in white tuxedos and gloves. The car doors opened and three men walked out with instrument cases. When the area met Parker's approval, he stepped out of the carriage and assisted Emily down.

"Parker, this is....the middle of the road."

All Parker could do was smile as he held the chair out for Emily to sit down. The food was brought in from Masa, one of the finest restaurants in New York, and the most beautiful music was played while they ate.

"Parker, this is beautiful. I don't know what to say."

"Say yes, Emily. That's all I want in life."

"Say yes? I don't understand."

Parker reached in his pocket while he stood up.

"Parker..."

"Emily, I know what you want. You want a man who can be your best friend, who loves you for who you are, and someone to spend your life with. I have more love for you than I thought was even possible to have for another person. You simply amaze me. I can be all those things, Emily. You may be fearful of what the future holds, but I want to share that future with you. I don't just want you for a friend, a girlfriend...I want you for my wife, Emily. Please say yes and marry me."

Emily watched as Parker pulled out the beautiful three carat diamond ring on a thin gold band. He held her hand and slid the ring on her finger. Emily stared at him with tear-filled eyes.

"Emily, this is just the beginning of our journey. Go on it with me."

Thoughts went flying through her head. But they all landed in the same spot. She loved him. "Yes," she said, as Parker gave her the sweetest, most passionate kiss she'd ever experienced.

"Thank you, Emily." Parker buried his face in her neck and the music played. He stood up and took her by the hand and slow danced.

***

The weather was getting a little chilly, so Parker had arranged for the Rolls Royce to arrive to take them home. Once they got in the backseat, Parker turned to face her.

"Sweetheart, do you want me to take you home? If you're tired and that's what you want to do, I'll take you."

"Then you should take me...by the house and get my things...so we can go home." Emily looked up at this man she loved and watched as his smile grew.

"Now that sounds like a perfect plan.

