Chapter 1

Julianna Holbrook sipped the cold white wine and shifted her back so it was more towards the orange flames of the crackling fire. She was suddenly cold and she shivered as she rubbed her icy hands over her wool covered arms to warm them. Or was it just that ominous feeling she couldn't shake? That foreboding sense of impending doom that had nothing to do with the air temperature?

She'd never considered herself a superstitious person before. She believed there was a scientific explanation for everything, even when humans couldn't explain something yet. But this was a feeling that wasn't really tangible. It was...just...a sensation. Almost an awareness that something was going to happen. Just an expectation, probably. When had this feeling started? Why was she being so silly and even thinking about it? Normally, she would simply shrug off something so....metaphysical for lack of a better term. So why was she wasting any energy trying to decipher to this odd sensation now?

She had no idea, but she wiggled again, trying to get comfortable. This was ridiculous, she told herself and smoothed the ice blue wool skirt back over her knees, crossed her legs at the ankles....tucked the pillow more firmly behind her. She still couldn't get comfortable! There was just something.....wrong.

She looked at the other two occupants of the room, wondering if they were feeling this odd, tingling sensation as well. Edward Livingston, her significant other, for lack of a better word because boyfriend seemed too juvenile, appeared to be engrossed in a conversation with their vivacious hostess, a beautiful woman named Jessica Mallory who wore a fabulous pink dress that hugged her incredible figure, adorned with gold chains around her neck and wrists along with gold hoop earrings. Her curly hair swished and danced about her face as if nothing could be still around her. In fact, the air surrounding the mysterious and beautiful Jessica Mallory seemed to be vibrating with energy as her chocolate brown eyes smiled at both her and Edward while the three of them conversed.

Julianna smoothed her blond hair self-consciously. The glossy, elegant twist she'd pulled it into for the dinner party was still in place but she wished she'd worn a color other than the light blue dress. The material was excellent and the cut made the dress a perfect fit for her figure, but she felt washed out, bland, especially compared to the fabulously adorned Ms. Mallory. Unfortunately, Julianna melted into the decor. The walls were cream, about the same color as her hair and the sofa was blue, nearly the same color as her dress. She sighed as she thought about how often she looked like the decorations. It seemed to be an issue that plagued her consistently.

Jessica Mallory probably never had that problem, she thought. The bright pink looked extraordinary on her. It took a great deal of confidence to pull off that color and Jessica added just the right touch with the gold chains. Julianna fingered her demure pearl necklace, wishing she had the kind of confidence to wear something with more flair and flamboyance.

When the doorbell rang, Julianna jumped, strangely feeling as if the tension in the atmosphere had suddenly increased. Which it probably had because their hostess didn't look like she was expecting anyone else for dinner. Jessica's eyes were wide with concern as she glanced between her guests and the doorway to the living room where she heard her housekeeper start to answer the door.

Julianna's eyes snapped to Edward's. "Did you invite anyone else, perhaps?" she asked. She immediately felt guilty when she caught the sharp glance he gave her. Both Edward and Jessica were wondering why she sounded so snappish. It was only because of this dratted premonition of doom! But she couldn't say anything, afraid of sounding ridiculous.

Before she could apologize to Edward, a deep voice was already booming from the foyer into the living room and Julianna glanced at their hostess. Jessica's face lit up as she recognized her unexpected visitor, her pace increasing as she moved towards the front door to greet the newcomer with visible excitement.

"I'm looking for Jessica Mallory. Is she in tonight?" the booming, male voice declared as if he had every right to crash their quiet evening.

Julianna heard the voice and her hand froze in mid air, her wine glass inches from her mouth while her eyes snapped towards the door. That deep, resonant voice sent shivers through her body, making her uncomfortable. Embarrassingly uncomfortable! Who on earth could have that deep of a voice? It was like Barry White with a bit of gravel as well as a touch of southern charm thrown in just for zing.

Edward's voice was deep and made her think of intense, rich coffee, but this voice was more....disturbing in a way that made her knees wobble and her heart rate increase. Just by the sound of a man's voice? Ridiculous, she told herself, but she put her wine glass on the coffee table because her hands were shaking ever so slightly.

"James?" Jessica called out, her feet moving faster as she tried to peer around the door. "Is that really you?"

Johanna felt an intense stab of jealousy shoot through her as the vibrant brunette hurried towards the voice in question. Something inside of her wanted to shout out that the other woman needed to step back and slam the door shut, warn her not to let the strange man into her house. She actually glanced around the room, wondering if there was a place to hide and then realized how silly she was being.

Hiding? At a dinner party no less? This had to be the most outrageous thought she'd ever had in her life! Instead of following her ridiculous instincts, she pulled herself together, gave herself a stern lecture about greeting others properly and, with as much dignity as she could muster, rose from the sofa to stand and welcome the newcomer.

Before she was ready for the intrusion, a tall, muscular man with enormous shoulders filled the doorway to the living room and her knees instantly started shaking. He was about the same height as Edward, but with a different look about him. Where Edward was refined power wrapped in a mask of elegance and manners, this man was just raw, blatant strength. There was no masking anything with the tall, blond man, just an almost painful shock to her senses that had her grabbing the arm of the sofa to steady herself from the man's sensuous impact on her mind, not to mention the effect his presence had on her body.

His black turtleneck showed off his muscles to perfection and his long legs were encased in black slacks, but she instantly wished he were wearing jeans. Jeans that would mold to his long, muscular legs and....what was she thinking? She was practically an engaged woman and she was picturing another man in jeans? She didn't even wear jeans herself! And this man was a stranger! They hadn't been introduced as of this moment and she was already reacting to him in such a physical....carnal way.

She worked hard to suppress her instant reaction, trying to hide her body's response behind a polite mask of mild interest as the large man's startling blue eyes swiftly took in the occupants of the room other than the woman in his arms. When his eyes collided with hers, she felt as if an electric shock had just zoomed through her body. He was still ten feet away and she inhaled sharply when his eyes stopped and looked back at her.

She suddenly felt hot and cold as his eyes slowly traveled up and down her body, acting as if he had the right to visually accost her in such a manner. She glared back at him, telling him with her eyes that he was out of line and acting horribly rude. But the man was audacious and instead of being contrite and looking away as any normal guest would do, his eyes held hers and his grin widened. The man actually caressed her with his eyes in front of the other two people!

When he looked back down at Jessica, Julianna released the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding, sliding her palms along the sides of her dress as she noticed that her hands were sweating. How adolescent, she thought with derision. When had she reverted to being eighteen again?

Julianna sighed inwardly and shook herself to refocus her mind. She should not be thinking about this stranger. Not in jeans, slacks or in any other way. And especially not naked! She blinked and tried to pull her eyes away from his broad shoulders and gain control of herself. She'd never reacted to another man like this! How could her mind betray her so horribly?

The man was built with muscles everywhere, but that didn't give her the right to....well, to do what he was doing to her!

She knew that Edward was extremely muscular, had felt similar bulging muscles when he'd taken her into his arms and gently kissed her goodnight on previous dates. But there was something about this man, the way he held himself or maybe the way he looked at the occupants of the room in one all-encompassing sweep before stopping on her and not moving that terrified her. He made her want to run and disappear. He was dangerous in ways she couldn't even begin to understand, had never encountered before.

Suddenly those feelings she'd had earlier in the evening, the tension she couldn't explain, came back to haunt her. She had attributed that strange sense of anticipation to the fact that Edward hadn't informed their hostess that another guest would be arriving but this was what she'd sensed was going to happen. This man and his arrogance was the issue she should have shied away from. She should have excused herself earlier in the evening, telling both Jessica and Edward that she didn't feel well.

Julianna watched warily as the man approached, her stomach muscles tightening while it churned with some unknown emotion. She didn't understand her instant dislike of this man, except that she felt that strange sense of danger in him. As his eyes sliced through the other occupants of the room once more, she almost choked on her wine when his eyes came to rest on her again. They were ice blue and intelligent, with something strange in them that increased the shaking in her knees as she endured the introductions.

Jessica introduced him as James Cavanaugh, and for some reason, the name rang a bell but her mind wasn't functioning fully while he looked down at her with that strange sort of omniscience. As he smiled and extended his hand towards her, she wanted to shake her head and tell him 'no', that he couldn't touch her and he should stay away from her. Those eyes, she thought with trepidation, were telling her right back that he wasn't going to do anything of the sort. His wide mouth smiled broadly, as if he understood what she was feeling. And was equally determined that he wasn't going to stay away.

"James, this is Lady Julianna Holbrook. Be good," she warned with a stern glance up at the man's smiling blue eyes.

There was nothing she could do. As Jessica introduced the man, Julianna had to offer her hand although she wanted nothing to do with the man and his arrogance.

When his hand took hers, she inhaled sharply, her eyes glancing down at their hands clasped together and she tried to quickly pull her hand away. He held on though, not letting her disconnect from him so easily. As she looked back up into those crystal blue eyes, all her suspicions were confirmed. This man was dangerous. And all that danger was directed towards her and she didn't like it. Not one little bit.

James laughed softly as he took Julianna's cold hand in his large one. "Ah darlin'. I'm always good," he replied which caused Julianna's cheeks to turn an even darker shade of pink at his innuendo.

"Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Cavanaugh," she lied, wishing him to purgatory for his boldness.

"The pleasure is all mine," he replied.

"Can you stay for dinner?" Jessica asked, her chocolate eyes looking up at the man with pleading, but when he looked back down in her direction, Julianna realized that the two of them were just friends. She was actually shocked that Jessica didn't feel the same sort of trepidation when James stepped back and put his arm around her waist.

Julianna tensed with the dinner offer, praying silently that he would turn down Jessica's invitation, say anything and make up an excuse that he had to be somewhere else. When his blue eyes flickered her way, she quickly looked down at her glass of wine. Manners would dictate that he decline the invitation after seeing that the dinner party was already in progress. But she knew that he wouldn't, being the crass, obnoxious man that she already sensed he was after only the ten seconds she'd been in his company.

"I thought you'd never asked," she heard the big, blond man reply and every sense in her system came on fire. She took a sip of her cold wine, wishing it would pass along some of that refreshing coolness to her overheated skin. But nothing seemed to penetrate the heat. She even glanced at the fireplace, wondering if it were one of those automatic, gas fireplaces that could be turned off with a flick of a switch. Even the heat was conspiring against her and she felt like her cheeks were on fire as she looked up at the man who was now staring down at her as Jessica finished the introductions.

Jessica poured him a bourbon over ice and they all sat back down. Unfortunately, the man took the seat next to Julianna despite there being ample room in other places around the coffee table. He even sat too close, forcing her to shift her position closer to the arm of the sofa just so their legs weren't touching. And why in the world did he have to put his arm along the back of the sofa like that? She could actually feel his body heat along her back where that arm was resting as well as all along the side of her where his massive body was too close to hers on the cushion.

Jessica sat back down in her chair and smiled admiringly at James. "James does some weird things with real estate. Aren't you looking at some new property in London now? I thought I remember you mentioning that while we were in Switzerland recently."

Edward almost rolled his eyes. "James is one of the preeminent real estate developers in the world, tackling projects that others think are too risky or even impossible. I wouldn't describe what he does as 'weird', Jessica."

Julianna grasped onto that news as a way to put the man in his place. "I guess that makes your fortunes rise and fall precipitously," Julianna stated, hoping that it was true.

Jessica laughed, her curls dancing once again right along with those gold earrings that made her eyes sparkle even more brightly. "James is the only one I know of that can take a risky project and consistently make it profitable. Investors beg for the opportunity to do business with him even though many of them don't understand the complexities of the project themselves. They just know about his track record and don't care about the risks. James can overcome just about any challenge." She took a sip of her wine, winking at his embarrassment.

"Tell me how many hearts you've broken since last we met," he said as he took a sip of his own drink.

Jessica glanced over at Edward nervously before returning her eyes to James. "Alas, I've been a very good girl since we last met."

James lifted an eyebrow in her direction. "Why do I find that hard to believe?"

She grinned right back at him, refusing to admit she'd done anything inappropriate. "Perhaps because you have a very suspicious mind?"

He threw back his head and laughed, then shook his head. "That's true enough, but I also witnessed you in action. Those men in Belgium were fawning over you left and right and you didn't even notice."

Julianna was astounded that he took every insult with amusement. Jessica definitely had a special relationship with this man and once again, Julianna tamped down the jealousy she felt at the other woman. Just a friend, she reminded herself.

Jessica waved that aside. "You're being ridiculous, James. No one fawned over anyone."

He looked at her with concern. "You really don't know how many men were in love with you, do you?"

She blushed and rolled her eyes. "You're exaggerating. Tell me about the house you're building in Aruba. Last time we were talking you said that you were having problems with the pool. Have you been able to resolve that issue?"

Julianna let the conversation whirl around her. Even Edward laughed and talked about various problems he'd had during a recent renovation, but Julianna wasn't able to participate as much as a polite guest should. She kept trying to move away from the man, feeling too closed in and overheated. But it seemed as if he moved right along with her each time she inched away. She didn't see him move, but the air was continuously filled with his spicy male scent and she couldn't even turn her head away to break that intoxicating scent from filling her lungs.

Beth stepped into the room to announce that dinner was ready and Jessica smiled her thanks.

"I'd like a word with you," Edward said to Jessica, putting a hand out to stop her from moving out of the room.

James stood up quickly and looked down at Julianna. "I would be honored to escort you into dinner," he said as he looked down at Julianna's startled expression. He took her hand in his, lifting her up and almost pulling her into his arms. She thought he was going to wrap his arm around her waist, but he simply tucked her hand into his arm and escorted her out of the room.

"I know the way, sir," she said stiffly as he led her out of the room on his arm.

When they were out of the living room and alone in the hallway, she tried to pull her hand out of his grasp, but he held her firmly, looking down at her curiously. "Do I make you nervous, Julianna?" he asked softly so the housekeeper wouldn't overhear.

"Absolutely not!" she gasped and tried to put some space between them but he held her too closely. And the fact was, he didn't just make her nervous. He terrified her. These feelings coursing through her body were scary, different and unnamed. She didn't like feeling like this. She preferred the organized, scheduled life she had with Edward while James made her feel completely off balance and chaotic.

"What if I told you that you make me nervous?" he countered. "In fact, I think I'm completely terrified of you."

She turned her head away, embarrassed that he could see what she was feeling so easily. "I'd say that you are a liar, but since you're not nervous, and you can't say that about me, I won't be so rude as to say something like that to a stranger."

He smiled, not insulted at all by her words. "But we're not strangers. We've been sitting next to each other for the past hour."

Her chin went up defensively and she glared at him. "You were sitting too close, by the way."

He laughed down at her mutinous expression. "Ah, but your lovely perfume was just too much of an allure to hold back." He leaned down and winked at her. "If you don't want a man to notice you, then why did you put so much effort into looking beautiful?"

She took a step back, as far as his hand would allow since he was still holding her hand captive on his arm. "I wasn't trying to entice you! I didn't even know you would be here."

His eyes moved over her pale, lovely features slowly at that point. "I know you weren't trying to entice Edward. So I guess I have to assume you're just naturally beautiful."

She looked up at him, her mouth slightly open with surprise as he looked down at her. They stopped in the middle of the hallway and Julianna tried to think of something to say, but no words would come to her. She should argue that she had been trying to impress Edward, but that wouldn't be honest at all. She'd barely thought about Edward as she'd dressed for the night, had in fact been resentful that he'd disrupted her plans for the evening with his phone call. But how does one respond to such a sweet compliment from a man like James Cavanaugh?

He didn't wait for her reaction but continued with that disconcerting, introspective gaze. "Actually, I think you're one of the most beautiful women I've ever met in my life," he admitted.

James looked down at the blond woman and was surprised at how strongly he needed to touch her. He wanted to see if she was real, if she might disappear if he touched her. Giving in to the need, he reached up and ran a finger down her soft, porcelain skin and was shocked at how soft she was under his rough fingertips. And when she blushed once again, he wanted to reach down at kiss her. Never had he been so instantly attracted to a woman before. Women threw themselves at him just because of his size. But when they found out who he was, their pursuit could be embarrassingly aggressive.

And yet this cool cucumber pretended that she wasn't interested even while she blushed at his touch and tried to pull away. Her laughter enticed him and her reserve challenged him as no other woman ever had. He wanted to break through that reserved facade and see what she was like when she wasn't so controlled. His body reacted as he pictured her naked, those small, perfect breasts in his hands and her body writhing whenever he touched her. He wanted to make her scream out as she climaxed from his touch and he wanted to hold her in his arms afterwards, letting the shivers subside.

Damn, but she was gorgeous, he thought.

"This is a completely inappropriate conversation," she said, looking away and wishing that her voice was more assertive. "Please release me," she ordered.

"Or you'll what?" he asked, actually moving closer to her, enjoying the way her nipples peaked underneath the ice blue dress she was wearing. His fingers ached to hold those breasts and his mouth wanted to take those peaks into his mouth. He wondered if he could make her climax from that kind of stimulation and he almost groaned from the image that formed in his mind. "Come home with me tonight," he growled. "Let me show you what we can share with each other."

Julianna gasped and shook her head. Had the man actually propositioned her? Come home with him? They might have sat next to each other for the past hour but they'd barely spoken. How could he think that she would welcome such an invitation?

Goodness, what was happening with her body? Her breathing was ragged and she felt dizzy with the desire his soft touch of his finger on her arm generated inside of her as he let his long finger trail down from her shoulder to her elbow. She couldn't believe she was actually considering saying yes! But just his soft touch and that voice were hypnotizing her, making her want things that were wicked and....inappropriate.

"Leave me alone," she gasped and stepped away, relieved when he gave her the space. But she should have known better. He followed her retreat, backing her up against the wall and shaking his head.

"I don't think I will," he said, referring to her command. "I think we're going to make each other very uncomfortable for a while."

Julianna couldn't believe his words. What an outrageous comment. She'd never been around a man who could be so bold, so confident about a woman's response even when she was rejecting him. "Why would you say such a thing?" she demanded, putting her hands against his chest, intending to push him away but her fingers splayed out, feeling the muscles flex underneath the black material. She was fascinated by his touch despite her mental warning to run as far away from him as she could.

"Because I think we could be very, very good together. If you would just let yourself relax a bit, that is."

"You don't even know me!"

"I know that you shiver every time I touch you."

"That's from revulsion!" she gasped, praying that he would believe her.

He smiled and shook his head. "Do you really want me to prove you wrong here in your friend's house?"

Julianna couldn't believe the gall of this man. She couldn't come up with a reply fast enough and thankfully, they heard voices coming into the hallway heralding Jessica and Edward's approach. "Leave me alone!" she snapped and slipped underneath his arm so she could walk into the dining room alone.

James watched as she took a seat in one of the cushioned chairs placed around a lovely round table. He tried to look away since the other two were close, but when she moved, his eyes were drawn to her. Every movement she made was like a choreographed dance. She was so graceful and refined, it fascinated him.

Edward and Jessica joined them a moment later and he tore his eyes away, not wanting to embarrass her, but still struck by her grace and beauty. James purposely sat opposite the beautiful blonde so he could continue to watch her, to learn everything he could as she moved.

He almost chuckled when he realized that she dabbed at both sides of her mouth after almost every bite. She put her fork down in between bites and took a sip of wine or ice water. Everything was perfectly controlled, her movements slow and precise. This woman would never spill soup on the front of her or dribble sauce on her napkin. She didn't move enough for things like that to happen.

He wondered what she would do if served chips and salsa or something equally as messy. What would she be like during an American football game where sauce covered hot wings were served with cool blue cheese dressing? He almost chuckled out loud as he pictured her horror at those kinds of foods. And he couldn't wait to test her with each and every one of them.

Julianna was always careful when she ate, having been a messy child whose parents continued to berate her throughout every meal until one day when she was banished from the dining room and forced to eat alone or with the servants in the kitchen during meals. She'd been sixteen before her parents allowed her back into the dining room and even then, there was constant criticism of her, so much so that she wished she could retreat once again into the kitchen where she could eat without an upset stomach or fear of being reprimanded for placing too many peas on her fork or slicing too small a bite of whatever meat was being served.

But as this current meal progressed, she became increasingly nervous because the big, blond man watched every move she made. Was he waiting for her to make a mistake? Was he trying to send her a message, as if willing her to spill her wine or drop her fork?

She refused to give him that satisfaction, concentrating on each of her movements, bringing back every rule her mother and father had drilled into her about dining etiquette. She would not reveal how nervous she was. She'd gone through more difficult trials than this man could present and she would persevere through this one.

By the time dinner was over, she was exhausted and irritated. The man had watched her for most of the meal while Jessica and Edward argued about horses and gardening, which was odd because she'd never heard Edward argue about anything before and she'd had no idea that Edward even cared much about gardening.

As she lay in her high, antique bed with lacy pillows surrounding her that night, she stared up at the ceiling of her bedroom, thoughts of James Cavanaugh running through her mind. She wondered what he actually did as a real estate person, what he was like when he wasn't being obnoxiously forward and what it would be like to be friends with someone that confident and dynamic.

And whenever an image of what the man might look like without those clothes on came into her mind, or if she started to wonder if he was passionate or gentle when he kissed, she rolled over and punched her pillow, refusing to acknowledge the man in that way. He might be handsome and attractive, but he was also forward and irritating and had no manners at all.

Chapter 2

With Jessica on one arm looking bright and beautiful once again, Julianna took Edward's other arm as they walked into the ballroom together. She was sure that they made a very odd trio as they entered with Jessica looking so colorful and herself in an elegant, black dress that hugged her figure in all the right places. She felt daring and confident today for some reason and the non-traditional entrance was liberating in a way. She reveled in the stares they received as the three of them made their audacious entrance. How often did she have the chance to make the gossips talk about her in a completely innocent activity? It was thrilling, not to mention more than a little cathartic. She really should break the rules more often, she thought as she greeted their host and hostess at the front door.

As the three of them drew more stares when they entered the ballroom, Julianna thought about James and his outrageous personality. What would he think of her now? She remembered the way he'd watched her eat, just waiting for her to make a mistake. Well, she'd survived that test and here she was, although what she expected of him seeing her like this was still a mystery in her mind. Perhaps she just wanted James to think she was intrepid and outrageous just like he was, that she wasn't afraid of life and breaking the rules.

She was just about to ask Edward to get both of them a glass of champagne when a large form appeared in front of her. Without even turning her head, she knew it was none other than the man who had been driving her crazy because he kept infiltrating her thoughts and dreams, leaving her more than curious about so many things concerning the man.

Just moments ago, she'd wanted James to see her like this, the second woman in a trio seemed so naughty and inappropriate. But now that he was here, full of life and that ever present amusement in those icy eyes, she wanted to shrink back and hide. She especially wanted to change her clothes, knowing that the black dress clung too tightly and he would see that....no, he would only see...

Good grief, she thought with desperation and a growing sense of panic as he moved closer. She had no idea what she wanted him to see. The man was confusing her, just with that sexy look and that deep voice of his.

After greeting Jessica and Edward, his eyes lit upon hers, that intensity increasing and the heat openly flaming towards her through his eyes and that almost tangible sexuality he wore like a cloak. She held her breath as he turned to face her and she started shivering even before he spoke.

"Lady Holbrook, I was hoping you might be able to assist me with a very important issue," he said to Julianna before turning to Edward. "Do you mind if I take one of these lovely ladies off of your hands for a moment?" James asked.

He didn't wait for an answer, but simply took her free hand in his and pulled her gently but firmly into the crowd of dancers. Thankfully Edward released her with his blessing so no scene was made, although she shivered over the idea of James fighting for her. What a delicious idea that was.

She groaned inwardly as her thoughts ran away from her yet again. She stiffened and pulled back when they were a few feet away. "What do you think you're doing?" Julianna demanded, trying to pull her hand out of his but he wouldn't let her. He just tucked her hand onto his arm which pulled her closer to his large body. She'd thought he'd look good in a pair of jeans, but now that she saw him in a tuxedo, she was changing her opinion about what suited his large frame best. She was furious when the thought 'nothing at all' popped into her mind.

"Let me go," she whispered furiously, trying not to make a scene but she might if she didn't get away from him.

He ignored her feeble attempts to draw away and coaxed her onto the dance floor. "I wanted to dance with you," he replied and pulled her into his arms, holding her close as he looked down into her angry eyes.

Her mouth fell open and she looked up at him with fury seething from her eyes. "That's what you needed help with?"

He laughed at her outrage. "Well, no. Actually, I was trying to get away from Melissa Melbourne. She was hanging onto me, leaning over to show me her cleavage and it annoyed me. When I saw you walk in, I knew that she would back off if I was with you, so I took advantage of your beauty and got away from her."

Julianna tilted her head away and contemplated his words. In truth, she wasn't sure how to respond. Melissa was one of those women in their social circle that liked to attach herself to the most handsome or wealthiest man in the room and have him fall all over her. In this case, James was probably both, but Edward might outrank him on one or the other of those criteria, she wasn't sure.

One part of her was jealous that the witless Melissa, with her ample breasts and her overly made up face would dare to touch this man who she subconsciously already thought of as hers. But another part of her didn't want to be held by him simply because he was trying to avoid another woman. It only stung her pride, she told herself. Didn't he want to hold her just because he liked her?

Stop it, she reprimanded herself. She didn't want to have anything to do with this man so why was she being so 'dog in the manger' about him?

"I don't like being used," she said stiffly, remaining in his arms and dancing with him while she worked through her emotions, tried to make sense of them.

James watched her, enjoying the color on those porcelain cheeks that looked like they had been carved by a master sculptor. "Ah, darlin', don't think of it as being used, so much as just the fact that it was a convenient excuse to hold you in my arms again."

Julianna's eyes snapped up to his and she gasped at the heat that was flaring in those ice blue depths. "That's ridiculous," she whispered. Had he read her mind? Was he just telling her what she wanted to hear?

James spun her to the right, a perfect way to pull her closer against him. And it worked. The move was so unexpected that she had to hold onto him, allowing him to shift her body so that she was pressing against him everywhere.

Julianna gasped when his leg moved between hers and she felt the heat suffuse her cheeks. "Behave," she begged, but the shivering gave away her true reaction.

Thankfully, the man didn't laugh at her. But his reaction was just as disconcerting and she tried to pull away from the hardening of his body against her stomach and the heat flaring in his eyes, telling her exactly what was happening to him.

"Come home with me and I promise I'll behave."

A streak of desire tore through her and she gasped, her mouth falling open as her mind whirled around the idea of going back to his place with him. And then reality came back and she shook her head, trying to recapture her sanity. "Are you crazy?" she whispered and tried to put some space between them. "I've only just gotten here."

"I'd like to make you crazy," he said in response, not letting her move away from him. He used the crowded dance floor to his advantage and moved so that she had to lean against him. He could feel her small, perfect breasts against his chest and the need surged through his bloodstream.

She thought frantically, terrified of the desire coursing through her veins. She'd never experienced anything like this and she grasped at the only thing she could think of that might stop him from creating these feelings. "Edward and I are getting married," she gasped out.

She felt his hands clench and thought he might break her fingers from the pressure. But then he relaxed and shook his head. "You're not wearing a ring." His eyes had gone dark but with that declaration, his eyes returned to their previously icy state, still disconcerting, but not nearly as terrifying.

He had a very good point and she bit her lip as she tried to think of her next excuse to keep him at arm's length. She hadn't lied though. She and Edward had discussed marriage occasionally but only in a very general sense and nothing concrete. It was true that she assumed she was going to marry Edward, but he hadn't proposed and not even a general time period had been decided upon. In all honesty, she couldn't feign a commitment that wasn't there.

Of course, she could just ask Edward to lie for her. But that would be dishonest and she knew she was now grasping at straws here. She needed to be firm and stand up for herself. Men didn't treat her like this, she told herself firmly. She was always in charge when a man approached. She set the rules and she's the one who determined how far each man would be allowed to go during their relationship. She just needed to figure out how to get the upper hand with James, who seemed to be in a different class of the male species.

"It's just an assumption that we'll get married," she said honestly. "A ring would make it formal and we're not to that stage in our relationship yet. This is still a private conversation Edward and I are having between ourselves." There, that was the whole truth and he would just have to accept that and give her the space she needed.

Of course, he didn't react the way he should have, the way he was supposed to. Dratted man! The smile he gave her was victorious and he chuckled. "Then I still have a chance."

She was already shaking her head. "No! There's no chance! I don't want any of this!"

His hand slid down her back, pressing her hips more intimately against his and sending tremors throughout her system. "Your body is sending me a different message, Julianna. I think you're pretty lips are only telling me what you think might push me away, but the fact that you feel that you need to, only gives me more encouragement."

He swung her around and the hand that had been on her back, holding her hips close to him moved upward once again, sending more shivers throughout her body and she shook her head, her eyes wide and terrified. When the hand reversed itself once again, kept going lower and lower until it was almost on her bottom she gasped out, "Don't do that!"

He laughed softly and bent lower. "Why not? You want my touch. You're practically melting for me and I can guarantee that the feeling is mutual, but you already know that, don't you?" His hand pressed against her hips more firmly. "This is what you do to me, Julianna. Don't shy away from it. You should revel in the power you have over me. I want you and I'm not going to let you hide from this attraction that seems to be about to light us both on fire."

"Control yourself!" she snapped, knowing that his earthy, blatant conversation was making her cheeks burn. With embarrassment? No, but she'd let him think that if it would slow him down.

Thankfully the music ended and Julianna was able to step back, but not completely. James had held her in his arms and he wasn't going to let her go. As the musicians took a break during the dinner period, James put a hand around her waist and guided her over to the dining room with him.

"I really need to get back to Edward," she whispered desperately as she smiled or nodded to the guests she knew.

James only drew her towards their table, his hand sliding up her arm in what seemed to others as innocuous but she couldn't help but shudder as his hand moved along her body. "No you don't. Edward has his hands full with Jessica and he seems pretty preoccupied at the moment."

Julianna had no idea what he was talking about until he nodded to one corner of the room. There she saw Jessica poking Edward in the middle of his chest as she said something angrily to him.

Turning away from the scene, Julianna realized she wouldn't have any help from Edward's area. "I don't feel very well. I think I'll call it a night," she whispered, looking down at her feet and praying to get out of there with some dignity intact.

James looked at her swiftly, concern etching his face. But what he saw wasn't a woman in pain. Rather, Julianna appeared to be frightened of him and terrified of what he made her feel. "I'll see you home," James said, already relishing the idea of getting her alone and away from all of these people with their prying eyes and the press who were just waiting for some juicy piece of gossip. He pressed a button on his cell phone, giving his driver warning that they were leaving the building and he should be out front as soon as he could get there.

Julianna grimaced. Well, that wasn't what she'd planned! It was hard enough to be close to James in a crowded ballroom. She didn't want to conjecture on what might happen if they got alone in the back of a dark limousine with no prying eyes to slow down this raging lust she was feeling for the man. "No, please, I don't want to ruin your evening as well. Just stay and have a good time and I'll talk to you later."

"Not a chance, Princess," he laughed. "Besides, I really do need your help. I want you to help me choose some pieces of furniture for my new house."

She looked up at him, strangely warmed by his unintended compliment. "You want to buy pieces from my gallery?"

He watched the pleasure come across her features and something relaxed inside of him. "I've heard you're the best dealer in the industry. Of course I want your opinion. Where else would I go?"

He held open the door for her and she stepped out into the cool, fall air, taking a deep breath and feeling as if the world had just sprouted sunshine everywhere even though it was nighttime. "I'd be more than happy to help you with your house. Just stop by my gallery when you have time and I'll show you some pieces."

He led her over to the sidewalk as they waited for his driver to pull up from the back of the ballroom. "The pieces can't be too prissy, right?" he cautioned, knowing that she might prefer the daintier examples that he'd break the first time he sat down in a chair.

Julianna laughed and shook her head, enjoying his look of wariness. It was a refreshing change from the heat and lust she usually found in his eyes. "Of course not. Antiques have stood the test of time with grace and dignity and I'd never give you anything that would be too feminine." She looked at him from the side before she said, "Unless you were really misbehaving and I could get some amusement out of you breaking the chair, that is." The limousine pulled up at that moment so she thought she could slip away quickly.

He looked down at her, startled by her teasing comment. A joke coming from his beautiful ice princess? Surely not! But the evil look that came over her at that moment shocked him so much that he threw back his head and laughed, delighted in her genteel personality that still had interesting sparks. "So you think my pain would be entertaining, eh?" he asked as he leaned forward, pressing her back against the side of the car, enjoying the way she shifted slightly against him as if she wanted his body in a certain place against her softness.

"Entertaining? Absolutely. Satisfying? Most definitely." She smiled up at him, feeling relaxed all of a sudden. His laughter was a balm to her nervous body and she ached to reach up and feel his lips and run her hand along his strong jaw. Instead, she pushed her hands behind her back, afraid she might give in to the temptation.

Fortunately, a long, black limousine pulled up at that moment and his driver came around to open the door for them. Since the man was waiting, James sighed and put his hand around her back once again, leading her down the last few steps. "You're going to pay for that, my dear."

She laughed again and looked over her shoulder at his big, strong body. "Ah, the tough guy suddenly afraid of a little piece of furniture?" she asked. "I thought you big, American types were all strong and daring, not afraid of anything.

He didn't have a chance to respond since she slipped into the back seat of his limousine at that moment. Besides, he was struck by her legs, revealed when she slid her cute little bottom onto the leather seat, then swung her legs into the vehicle. Models and actresses would pull that move off and ensure that their dress rode up their legs to show off their muscular limbs. But as Julianna did it, there was only a brief glimpse of her long, slender leg, but even that brief view had him aching and hard once again. He almost groaned as he followed her into the car, gritting his teeth because he knew it was going to be a long drive to her house.

He sat down next to her and gave his driver her address. Julianna didn't wonder why he had that information already memorized, but was still feeling fabulous since he'd asked for her help in decorating his house. "How big is your new home and what kinds of pieces are you looking for?" she asked, mentally going through her inventory and trying to think of pieces that would work for a man of his size.

He thought about some of the antiques he'd seen in the past and tried to picture them in his new home. Or what his new home would look like once it was completed. It was an older house that was currently under renovation. Some of the rooms were so damaged that they had to be completely gutted in order to make them safe enough to live in. "I'm a real estate guy, which means I build houses. I know what I want in my own house, but honestly I have no idea how to describe it or even how to achieve it. Why don't you come tour the house tomorrow and then you can tell me what might look right, with the understanding that many of the rooms are stripped back to the original wood so it will be hard to get a good idea of what the final effect will be?" he suggested, but his mind was no longer on the house. It was on her, on her lips and what they looked like in the darkness and he was wondering how he could kiss her, wanting to feel her lips against his and taste her sweetness. She looked so incredibly beautiful sitting here in the dim light and all she wanted to do was talk about antiques.

Julianna glanced back at him and instantly the pieces she'd been considering for him disappeared from her mind. Instead, the thought of what it would be like to be kissed by him shot through her, keeping her still and, not really apprehensive, but somehow anxious. She wanted it so badly, she could almost taste the sudden tension in the air and she sucked in some air, wanting to clear her mind but all she got was more of his scent. More of that masculine muskiness combined with the spicy smell of his aftershave.

With a jerk, he pulled her into his arms and Julianna went willingly, enthusiastically even. Her face was already turned up to his and she grabbed the lapels of his jacket to pull herself higher to meet his kiss. She wanted this more than anything she could remember in her life and when his lips finally touched hers, she opened her mouth, eager for his explorations. His hands dove into her hair, dislodging the pins that held it neat and smooth. He pulled her head back to give him better access, but she was just as willing, the heat driving her need as if it were a physical force.

With wanton abandon, Julianna kissed him back, her mouth hungry for his kiss, eager for the touch of his hands on her body. No longer was she able to ignore the pull of this insane attraction to a man who was completely inappropriate for her. She wanted him, he wanted her and she couldn't pull away even if she wanted to.

He lifted her up and onto his lap, his mouth devouring hers as he finally learned the taste of this prim and proper woman. And it wasn't ice in his hands that he felt as he kissed her, he realized. Julianna presented a cool, sophisticated, even icy demeanor to the world but that woman was gone and in her place was this sexy, warm giving woman that heated his blood with her need for him. This woman was fire and heat and he loved the way she was melting into his arms. Her slender arms moving around his neck as she kissed him back, her tiny bottom wiggling on his lap and making him ache to have her, to possess her and put his stamp of ownership on her.

He wanted her legs around him and he slid his hand down her leg until he found the hem of her dress, his fingers trailing a line of fire along her outer thigh as he explored her soft, perfect skin. It wasn't enough though. He told himself to slow down, but the little gasps she made each time he touched her in a new place, or even in the places he'd already touched, she still whimpered with the impact and the sounds drove him higher, crazier with the need for this woman only. As he explored, he slid his hands higher, moving the material along with his hand in search of his ultimate goal. He moved slowly, carefully so she wouldn't be frightened of his caress. She gasped loudly and her fingers gripped his hair when his fingers moved against her upper thighs and he slowed even more, not wanting to go too fast. Despite her current heated response, he suspected that his newly discovered tigress was actually a bit of a fawn and would scatter and return to hiding if he wasn't careful.

Julianna couldn't believe what was happening to her. She was in this man's lap and she was kissing him and she was actually angry that his hands weren't ripping her dress off. She needed him with a burning, almost painful need that swamped her and pushed her beyond reason. If she had been thinking properly, she never would have engaged in this kind of activity in the back of a limousine. She knew that it happened, but had always considered it tacky and cliche. But those adjectives were far from her mind at the moment. The only thing she was thinking, if one could actually call this burning echo in her mind as thinking, was more! And faster!

He shifted so that she was laying underneath him and he had to shake his head to clear it when he felt her body arch against him, her legs sliding against his as she shifted slightly in this new position. "Don't stop," she gasped when his hand moved away for a moment.

"I wasn't intending to," he groaned when her hand unbuttoned two of the buttons on his shirt and he felt her long, dainty fingers against his skin.

As his hand moved higher, he pulled his lips away from her mouth and nibbled on her neck, her collar bone, eliciting gasps or a deep, soulful moan each time he touched her skin. He was on fire for her and he knew that she felt the same way. A part of his mind wanted the drive to her house to last forever while another part of him wanted the ride to end immediately so he could get her into a bed and strip her naked, to enjoy every part of this experience with her in the comfort and privacy of her house or his, he wasn't picky just so long as she was there just like this.

His hand moved higher along her leg, feeling the lace top of her stockings and he thought he might just lose it right there with that discovery. The prim and proper Lady Julianna had a slightly sexy side? Where were the pantyhose? Didn't women in these kinds of dresses wear control top pantyhose? He much preferred thigh highs any day so he wasn't going to complain. He reveled in this discovery, thinking this was a new part of her that he wanted to explore more deeply.

He slid his hand higher and felt for the edge of her underwear, hoping and praying that perhaps she matched her underwear to her stockings, and in a perfect world, her bra as well. But when his fingers felt only smooth, soft skin, he shifted his hand around higher. Nothing! James pulled back and looked down at her, his mind just starting to absorb what his hand was discovering. "You're not wearing anything underneath!" he growled, a smile forming on his handsome face and he truly thought that all of his fantasies were finally encapsulated in this slender, glamorous woman who intrigued him beyond words.

As soon as he said that, he knew that he'd made a mistake. Julianna's whole body stiffened and the look in her eyes told her he should have just shut up and enjoyed his miraculous discovery of her sensuous nature.

Julianna couldn't believe that her secret had been revealed. She froze with horror and fear, and the most acute embarrassment she'd ever experienced in her whole life. When she pulled her eyes away from his, she saw only darkness and then a passing light. She was in a car? She'd been about to have sex with a man, with this man in a car?! She scrambled out from underneath him, horrified that she'd let things get so out of hand. She was in the back of a limousine for goodness sake!

And of all the men she might have lost control with, why did it have to be with the ever-so-brazen and over the top James Cavanaugh. He would never let her live this episode down. She could imagine him pestering her for an explanation and never letting the subject die until he had the whole truth.

But she wouldn't give him any explanation! She shifted away, frantically pulling her dress down and ensuring that she looked presentable. Okay, shoes were needed. She looked around in the darkness, wondering how she could have lost her shoes. She found one over near the left door and the other by the right. Had she somehow tossed her shoes in that direction? There was no way they could have landed that far apart without some sort of assistance but for the life of her, she couldn't figure it out.

"Julianna, I didn't mean to embarrass you," James said with a firm, almost authoritative voice. And she hated the way her body tingled, her fingers once again itched to touch him and explore...

She pushed her hair back out of her eyes, only just now realizing that it was no longer neatly pulled back and tucked into a twist. She'd had enough difficulty finding her shoes, she didn't want to even start the search for the pins to hold her hair in place.

"Don't talk," she whispered, frantically trying to pull herself together. When he started to reach for her again, she shifted away from him, moving as far away as she possibly could. Julianna couldn't even look at him, so embarrassed by not only his discovery, but also because of the way she'd practically attacked him sexually. She had no idea who that woman was, but she didn't like the way she lost control of herself around James. He was bad news!

"The car has stopped!" she gasped and quickly put her dress back in order. She scrambled to put on her shoes which had been clasped in her hands while her mind tried to rationalize her actions over the past fifteen or twenty minutes, so embarrassed she was almost in tears.

"Thank you very much for the ride home," she said as she grabbed the door handle. She was trying to guess how long the vehicle had been parked in front of her house. The driver must know what had been happening back here or he would have come around to open the door as was his custom.

"Oh goodness," she said out loud, her hand covering her face as she wondered if the driver had actually come around, opened the door to find them in that promiscuous embrace and just quietly closed it once again.

Either scenario, the one where the driver just instinctively knew what was going on or that he had witnessed the activities, threw her into a whole new level of humiliation. She stumbled out of the car, almost tripping on the hem of her dress in her haste to get free from James.

"Julianna stop!" James called to her as she jumped out of the car. His hands held her steady when she tripped, but she regained her footing and moved forward quickly. He tried to grab her hands but she was too fast for him and she wiggled out of his reach. She dropped one of her shoes and lurched to pick it up as she walked along the path to her front door.

"Put your shoes on!" James called to her, following her up the stone steps that were surrounded by ivy on both sides, but well lit from the outside lights on the brick walls. Her fingers were shaking so badly she couldn't get the key in the lock so James took the keys out of her hand and did it for her. When she tried to slam the door closed, he shook his head with a laugh and plowed in behind her, slamming the door with his foot as he grabbed her arm, swinging her back into his arms to stop her from running up the stairs to the left of her foyer. He didn't stop to appreciate the delicate beauty of her dimly lit foyer, too intent on keeping this incredible woman from running away from him and hiding. She hadn't done anything wrong and he wasn't going to let her beat herself up for becoming a woman in his arms.

"Julianna stop. We need to talk," he commanded as he let his hands rest on her waist. As far as embraces go, this one was pretty benign and he kept his hands still, refusing to let them move over her body, concerned that it would send her over the edge. He knew that he was at that precipice himself, but he suspected that Julianna's wasn't quite the same quality. She was too scared and shy right now.

"I really don't want to talk, James. I need to..." she was about to say 'go to bed' but stopped herself. She glanced up at his eyes, saw the amusement and the feelings shifted from embarrassment to anger. How dare he find this funny! "I need to be alone," she gritted out finally.

"How often do you go without underwear?" he demanded.

Julianna was already shaking her head, holding her arms in front of her as if she could ward him off. "I don't ever..."

"Then why tonight?" he asked, holding her steady and not letting her retreat. "Do you have any idea what a turn-on that is?"

She gasped for breath, sure that he was completely misinterpreting her lack of underwear. "It wasn't for you!"

James chuckled at her outrage, his grin growing wider as the color in her cheeks increased. "I know you didn't do it for Edward."

She shivered and shook her head. "Edward never..." she started to say he never even explored her body but that would contradict what she'd told him earlier in the evening about how serious their relationship was. She desperately needed Edward as a buffer against this man. She lifted her chin defiantly and looked up at him, her hands plastered against his massive chest and she forced them to be still, to not explore as they desperately wanted to do. "Edward would never be so unchivalrous as to touch me so inappropriately," she stated emphatically.

James watched her face, knew that she'd been about to say something and wondered for a split second why she stopped. But he already knew what she was going to say. "Edward doesn't care what you wear underneath all these prim and proper dresses, does he?" James demanded, pushing her backwards so that she was against the wall. He should be furious that Julianna was trying to make him jealous or, more likely, using Edward once again to push him away. But he'd felt her in his arms, he'd heard the way she moaned when he touched her and her lies weren't going to sway him. In fact, they only made him more determined because it showed that she was scared, and he wasn't going to let her run simply because she was scared of what they had between each other. No, this was one of those incredible twists of fate that happened to two people only rarely.

She reached up to push him away, terrified of what he knew. "Edward is a gentleman."

James chuckled at her description of a man that James knew was just as testosterone laden as he was, which made him no more of a gentleman than he was. "Edward is an ass if he doesn't want to find out. But I'm not and I do."

No, this wasn't how he was supposed to respond! He was supposed to cower and apologize for being so forward! "You can't!" Oh, why couldn't this man follow the rules!

His grin was slow and sexy and his hands moved down from her wrists to her waist, then lower. "I already do," he said softly, his hands moving against her body and re-discovering that this woman who showed the world that she was cool and calm was actually a wild cat, desperate for someone to wake up the inner kitten in her. "And believe me, Julianna. I like it a great deal."

She shook her head frantically as the trembling increased while his hands started exploring once again. She could already feel her resistance melting and she fisted her hands to keep them from grabbing him once again and pulling his head down so she could kiss him, lose herself in that incredible, wonderful feeling that only James seemed to be able to bring out in her. "You know nothing," she cried out.

His hand slipped upwards, cupping her breast that he could mold freely with his hand as he proved that she was not wearing a bra. "I know that you're gorgeous and sexy and that I want you. Is there anything else to know?" he asked, his thumb flicking her hardened nipple through the fabric and watching as her body melted, her eyes closed and her head rolled back against the wall.

"No. Nothing else to know," she sighed, not feeling defeated, but her body unable to resist.

He shook his head, groaning at her response and tried to get control of his raging lust. "I think there's a great deal more to find out about you, my dear."

With an audible groan, he pulled back and gripped her hands together inside of his. "But not tonight," he said firmly.

Julianna's eyes snapped open and she looked up at him with both pain and relief. "What do you mean?"

James watched, trying to determine if he was being a fool by leaving right now. Something told him that he could get her into bed, he could make love to her and it would be good for both of them. But he suspected that, if he could wait until she was more aware of the decision, if she was a more active participant and he wasn't just seducing her into the action, it would be even better. A night both of them would never forget.

For a man used to taking what was offered as well as seducing the more reticent of ladies in his past, he wasn't sure what was going through his mind. But he wanted all of Julianna. He wanted her so absorbed in their decision that she would be on fire, just as much he was with no regrets after the fact.

"Soon," he promised and kissed her gently on the mouth. "But not tonight."

He turned and walked out of the foyer, looking back at her with a conspiratorial wink before he pulled her front door open. "Be sure and lock this after I leave. You wouldn't want me changing my mind and joining you in what I expect to be your gorgeously decorated bedroom full of frilly, feminine antiques, right?"

Her outrage was priceless! He caught just a glimpse of her angry demeanor and her cute, fisted hands at her sides before he stepped out of the house. She really was wonderful to rile up, he thought. He might be doing himself a disservice by generating that anger, but it really was fun and she looked adorable. And sexy!

He pulled the heavy door closed and laughed softly, shaking his head when he heard the lock slam into place. He was glad she'd done that, afraid she'd be too out of things to remember to lock the door after he left.

Chapter 3

Julianna sighed and erased the number she'd written for the fourth time. It was the wrong number and she'd even added up the wrong column of numbers. She'd been making mistakes like this all day long and it was all because of James Cavanaugh!

She was shaking so badly and the whole day had been a complete waste of time. She'd barely been able to concentrate today, her mind wandering back to last night and being with James. He was the only man who had discovered her secret and she wasn't sure if she hated him, or if she loved that he knew.

Oh why hadn't she anticipated him discovering her habit of not wearing underwear and done something different last night? It was a crazy habit she'd gotten into when her parents had been lecturing her on the appropriate clothes to wear. It had all started one day when she was in her late teens. She'd been sent up stairs to change for the fourth time that day and she'd been exasperated by the ridiculous waste of time and energy and all because one social engagement required a certain look of clothes while a meal required another. There had been no arguments, and the dress she'd been wearing for afternoon tea was perfectly acceptable for a family dinner, at least in her mind. But her mother had a different idea. She'd worn the dress to tea and some neighbors had arrived. Therefore, a different dress was needed for the evening meal where other guests would be attending.

In her opinion, she'd wondered how anyone had enough time on their hands to compare what she had been wearing to afternoon tea versus a dinner party. Who even cared? But she'd dutifully went up to her room and changed into what her parents might consider appropriate dinner attire, which for that night had meant a different colored dress.

Julianna had rarely argued with her parents, knowing that it was pointless. Her mother would simply walk away from any form of dissension while her father would start berating her for her lack of tact, diplomacy, decorum or manners. But these small, secret battles she'd won. Going without undergarments had been her secret victory and, to date, no one had ever even suspected.

Unfortunately, James was more bold than any man she'd ever met in her life and she had no clue how to deal with him, how to put him in his place so that he followed the strict rules upon which her entire life revolved. There were moments when she actually hated him for being so brash and other times when she wished he would just finish what he'd started.

Was she wanton for wanting him in that way? She was supposed to be waiting to marry Edward, to whom she was fully prepared to marry and have a family with him. So why was she having feelings like this for James?

Edward was a good man, had been a member of her social circle since she was a child so he knew the rules and understood all the parameters around which their world worked. He would never be so bold as to kiss her in the back of a limousine, unless it was a chaste kiss goodbye.

She shivered, wondering what other rules James ignored. Tapping her pen against her nose, she imagined that he was enormously fun to be with. What was his family like? What were his parents like? She suspected that they might be just as fun-loving as he was. He had to have gotten that plow-through-the-world attitude from someone.

The bell over her front door chimed and she was reminded of how much work she still had to accomplish tonight. No more fantasizing about the brash Mr. Cavanaugh, she told herself firmly.

She looked back down at her ledger and plugged several more numbers into her computer, knowing that her store manager would take care of the remaining customers for the day. It was near to closing time anyway so whoever had just entered would need to be turned away until there was more time to shop. She was rigid in her store hours, unconcerned with selling something to someone when it was outside of her normal operating hours. She refused to cater to obnoxious people who demanded that they were important and her store had to remain open just for their convenience. It happened, but very rarely especially since her reputation for having the best items had built up over the years. She was still young, but she had an excellent eye and didn't like being pushed around.

"So this is where you hide all day long, eh?" a deep voice broke through her concentration.

Julianna dropped her pencil and stood up, her hands floating up to her neck, then to her hips, then back again, flitting nervously about as her eyes drank in the amazing man standing in her office doorway. "James! What are you doing here?" she asked when she could finally speak. She was completely flustered that the man she'd just been thinking about, dreaming about, was here now, in the flesh and looking more delicious than any man had a right to look. Goodness, she loved the way he smelled!

He was leaning against the door frame, one shoulder propped against the wood while his arms crossed over his massive chest. He was dressed in a dark suit but without the tie, the collar of his tailored shirt open at the neck to reveal small, dark hairs that tempted her unmercifully.

He grinned at her fluttering hands and eyes, enjoying her nervousness since it revealed so much. "You said you'd tour through my new house and help me make some selections." He said that as if they had made special plans for the night, which she was fairly certain they hadn't. "Do you have time now?" he asked and lifted a large basket that he'd been carrying. "I brought dinner."

Despite her warnings to herself, she was intrigued. She hadn't eaten anything since an apple earlier in the morning, the afternoon too busy to stop for a sandwich so she was particularly famished at the moment. Peeking over her desk at the heavy looking basket, she asked, "What's inside?" Then she shook her head. "Never mind. I'm sorry, I'm not hungry and besides, I have a great deal of work to catch up on. Can we do this another time?"

James smiled, knew that she was interested but trying to pretend like she wasn't. He ignored her protest, lifting one side of the basket and looked inside. "I think it might be interesting stuff. I'm not exactly sure about everything, but there's a bottle of white wine, something that looks like chicken, cheeses, a loaf of crusty bread, chocolate for dessert..."

He was about to say something else when she perked up and interrupted him. "Chocolate?" she asked almost involuntarily.

James glanced back at her and smiled. Again, he looked down into the basket and shifted the other items out of the way so he could see through the clear cover of the box of chocolates. "Dark chocolate, milk chocolate and something with little bits on the outside." He thought it was adorable that she was a chocolate fan. So was he, in fact. There really wasn't a chocolate that he didn't like from the inexpensive to the imported, chocolate was just one of life's little indulgences that should not be ignored.

Julianna couldn't help herself. She slammed her ledger closed, shut down her computer and came around her desk. "Let's go," she said, still staring at the basket.

He was delighted and impressed. She looked like a little girl who was about to open her Christmas presents. "Your driver awaits," he replied and offered his arm.

She hesitated only a moment to take his arm. She would feel silly if she ignored it, but she still didn't want to touch him knowing what seemed to happen whenever their bodies even accidentally touched.

She thought it would be okay since he was wearing the suit, but she should have known better. Just her fingers on his arm started her pulse racing. Goodness, just him entering the room created that reaction.

They walked out to the street and Julianna had been expecting yet another limousine, exactly what all of her previous dates had moved about London in. But there wasn't a long black limousine. Nor was there a powerful, sleek car that could race down the country roads at amazing speeds. Instead, sitting by the curb was a shiny, red, 1968 Ford Mustang in perfect condition. He placed the picnic basket onto the back seat, then pushed the leather seat back into position and stepped out of the way so she could sit down in the passenger seat.

She stared at the car, then back up at the man who was waiting expectantly. "Really? This is your car?"

James looked down at the perfectly restored muscle car, then back at the diminutive little beauty. "This is a classic car! Please don't tell me you'd prefer something more modern. You have to experience this lady to understand her allure."

Julianna laughed and shook her head. "Are you kidding me? The 1968 Ford Mustang has to be the best car ever made!" She approached the vehicle with veneration and awe, staring at all the details, impressed beyond words. She smoothed her hand reverently down the polished chrome details and shiny red exterior. "V-8 engine, two hundred and thirty horsepower...." She breathed in the sight of the beautiful, powerful and legendary car with amazement. "I'm more than impressed, James." She turned towards the man and looked up at him with a different perspective on who he was underneath all that amusement he showed to the world. "I think I might have misjudged you." She saw his eyes light up and had to laugh. "About some things at least."

James crossed his arms over his chest and tried to control the new and more powerful surge of lust that occurred as she stared at his pride and joy. Not only was the woman smart, intelligent and gorgeous, but she also knew her muscle cars! "I might have to marry you," he said with a deep, husky voice.

Julianna laughed and shook her head. "Just because I like your car?"

He moved closer and shook his head. In a low voice filled with desire, he said, "Well, that and the fact that you're not wearing underwear again."

Julianna blushed and opened her mouth to contradict him, but he bent and kissed her before she could reply. It was just a quick kiss, affection more than passion but it still flustered her.

Deciding to ignore that kiss so that she didn't have to explore the flutter in her heart as a reaction, she slipped into the car, excited to feel the powerful engine of the car. When he turned the key, she wasn't disappointed. The eight cylinders revved loudly, then purred as he pulled away from the curb. She thought she might be purring as well and her face split into a wide grin as she looked over at him, feeling the power as much as hearing it through the vibrations beneath her.

She felt like a kid again, giddy with excitement and anticipation.

Well, not really like a kid again because she honestly couldn't ever remember feeling like this when she was a child. There had been too much discipline during her growing years, even when it came to simple joys like opening birthday or Christmas presents. Excitement was to be tamped down and controlled. When around James, she didn't feel the need to hide her enthusiasm. Just the opposite in fact. As she grinned over at him, she felt the same burgeoning excitement in him that she was feeling and it thrilled her to have this kind of freedom around him.

He drove with confidence as he made his way through the streets of London. The streets couldn't do the car justice since there was so much traffic but it was still fun to ride in. When he pulled into a large, beautiful house filled with mature trees and shrubs, she had the impression of a secret garden type of environment. The early fall weather had the chrysanthemums blooming, but also the last of the summer roses and she even spied several autumn camellias with their pink and white flowers peeping out of the dark leaves. The whole driveway was paved with bricks that looked to be older than she was so they had an worn, weathered patina to them that couldn't be duplicated with modern techniques. Some of the trees were so tall and old, there were lightening rods run up the sides and grounded into the earth to protect them from dangerous weather.

"This is lovely," she said with amazement as she stepped out of the car. She looked around and was already thinking of several wrought iron seating arrangements that would enhance one of the small, enclosed areas created by the higher bushes. She had to pull herself back because he might prefer the newer outdoor furniture with the plastic-like wicker that resists wear and tear from the elements. She had to admit that there were pros and cons to both, although she still preferred the old world charm of the iron furniture, or even the real wicker furniture that had to be repaired and painted almost constantly.

He picked up the picnic basket from the back seat then came around the hood of the vehicle to meet her as she stared up at the house. "What do you think?" he asked, his arm touching her shoulder as if accidentally, but she knew it was on purpose. She didn't mind though. At least not this gentle touch. She was too busy enjoying her first view of James' house with all the elaborate brickwork and three stories of windows not including the dormers that gave people a view from the roof.

She saw seven chimneys and thought that was odd since most of these old houses tended to be very balanced in structure. If someone wanted a fireplace in one room, generally the builder would put a fireplace on the opposite end of the house. But this seemed a bit more....chaotic. And it fit James perfectly.

"I think it's exactly like you," she replied, smiling when she felt him look down at her curiously but she kept her eyes on the house, not acknowledging his glance but smugly thrilled that she'd thrown him off balance even slightly. He'd done it to her often enough, it was about time she threw him off kilter somehow.

"Show me the inside," she encouraged, eager to view the space in which he wanted to live. She had pictured him in something ultra modern and almost sterile in appearance. This was nothing like what she'd imagined. The complete opposite, in fact, so there was yet another nuance to this man, another piece of twine to unravel.

Not that she was going to do any unraveling, she told herself as she moved forward, stepping onto the stone sidewalk leading up to the front door.

James put a hand to the small of her back as he led her through the house. She could see that he'd done several repairs and remodeling already but more work was still underway. As she walked through the stained glass front door, there was a new security system that looked state of the art and very complicated, although he disarmed the alarm with only a few buttons. There was a large parlor area that looked to have been expanded and all new windows were installed. She had to admit that the new windows were a good idea. They helped save energy by reducing the air leaks through the older wood holding the previous glass in place, but the multiple panes also helped to filter light so the sun wasn't so hot in the summer, and didn't allow the cooler temperatures to seep in during the winter.

The foyer was large and open with a curving staircase framing the circular wall, an ornate iron balustrade creating a delicate but decidedly firm portrait to look at when a person entered. "I love this house!" she breathed as she walked through one room after another. There was a living room that was perfect for social events because of the large windows that would let in the sunshine during the day with tall trees outside that she pictured filled with white lights for evening ambiance. As she passed into the next room, she gasped at the gorgeous, old hardwood floors that had been saved and therefore had a golden sheen to them. The boards hadn't been sanded down and now had several gouges, even some stains that showed off the history of the room. A large dining room connected to a massive butler's pantry with glorious storage space and then the large, gourmet kitchen with an eight eye stove, four ovens, three sink stations and plenty of counter space for a caterer to work with, not to mention more windows that looked out at an arbor covered in wisteria that was slowly fading from deep green to orange as it went dormant for the winter. The kitchen even had two large refrigerators and a freezer area that was separate. She loved the wine area where one could chill the whites and reserve the reds at room temperature. She noticed that this was the only room that was furnished. "You like your wines, eh?" she teased.

He glanced at the bottles that were laying on their sides, pointing downwards and shrugged indifferently. "I entertain a great deal. But honestly, I'd rather just relax at the end of the day with a beer," he said and led her to the back staircase. "There are seven bedrooms on the second floor and five smaller ones for the household staff on the next floor."

"Do you plan to fill up all of those rooms?" she asked, loving the idea of a large family. Being an only child, she liked to imagine what it would be like to have a house filled with children and lots of laughter and noise. Probably a great deal of fighting as well, but she could handle that. What she didn't want when she got married was the silence that had permeated her house when she'd been little. Noise had been banned, and unless the music was appropriate, it wasn't allowed. Which music selections had been deemed appropriate was determined by her father and no one else.

He opened the first door at the top of the stairs to reveal a pretty room painted in soft yellow with the same hardwood floors that she'd seen downstairs with two large windows across the front wall. James peered in and nodded approval as he let her enter first. "I have lots of family and friends that come to visit, but yes, all the bedrooms will get furnished eventually although it isn't necessary to decorate them each immediately. I grew up with three brothers and two sisters and we had a lot of fun growing up, but as the oldest, I was the only one who had my own room. Sharing a room with a sibling could be a life threatening endeavor in our house," he said with a grin, dissipating her concern immediately as she saw on his face that he'd loved all the life and death challenges of growing up in a large family. "Lots of bruises were handed out, but that just comes with the territory."

Julianna looked up at him, concern in her soft, blue eyes. "You fought with your brothers?" she asked worriedly.

James almost laughed, but realized that she was sincere and tried to tone down his amusement. It made him feel great that she was concerned for him. He liked her feeling as if he were important. "Of course we fought. Viciously at times. But that's just what boys do."

She thought of Edward and the way he'd grown up. She shook her head. "Not all boys," she replied and moved further down the hallway. Edward fought, but only in the ring during boxing practice. He was good in the ring, but she couldn't imagine him duking it out with anyone other than the fighters that paired up at the gym.

James had no idea what she was talking about. All siblings fight. It was just part of the growing up process. With three brothers, all about equal in size with him, there was probably a bit more rambunctiousness, but siblings fought and loved and punched and irritated each other whenever possible. "I'm guessing you're an only child, am I right?"

She continued to open doors and peek inside the other rooms, her mind thinking up several ideas for bedroom themes. "Yes. There was absolutely no fighting in my father's household." She closed one door and opened another before she said, "Of course, there wasn't anyone to fight with so that wasn't really an issue."

"Didn't you argue with your parents?" he asked, following her, fascinated by what she was revealing.

She pulled her head out of a closet as she looked up at him with horror. "Absolutely not!"

James chuckled at her vehemence but had to agree. He also enjoyed watching her look around his house. It felt nice to have her here. Besides, she had a very cute bottom that stuck out in his direction every time she looked into a closet or behind one of the doors, giving him an excellent view of her very enticing anatomy. "Actually, I never really argued with my parents either. They wouldn't tolerate it. The few times I did, I regretted it pretty soon afterwards."

She stopped with her hand on the door and looked up at him again. "What happened?"

He leaned against the wall, looking down at her while his mind remembered one issue in particular. "I wanted to use some old wood my dad had stored in the garage to build a fort in one of the trees."

"That doesn't sound like an argument to me."

James chuckled. "My dad told me that the wood was too old and rotted and that I couldn't use it. He said if I wanted to build a fort that I needed to save up my money from mowing lawns and purchase it at the hardware store."

She smiled, thinking about the man before her as a young child. "I bet you argued quite forcefully for the right to use that wood, didn't you?"

He laughed. "If I remember correctly, I was too busy doing chores for that one infraction for several weeks. My mother and father were creative about their punishments so I was crawling around the attic and cleaning out spiders, emptying the entire shed and putting everything back in a more organized way, mowing our lawn, edging the fence line and it was a big yard with a long fence, mind you..."

Julianna was already laughing even while she shuddered at the thought of cleaning out spiders in an attic. "Oh my," she gasped as he continued to list the chores he'd been required to do. "What happened in the end?"

James hesitated for only a moment before continuing the story. "I finished all my parents' required chores, my brothers and siblings laughing at me the whole time. Then I snuck all the wood out of the garage, built my fort and stood proudly at the bottom with my friends when it was finally finished."

She smiled up at him with pride for his tenacity. "And it was a fabulous fort, the envy of the neighborhood and everyone begged you to get up into it, right?"

James grinned as he shook his head. "Nice thought, but not exactly what happened."

"So tell me," she encouraged, leaning against the wall herself, feeling as if they were enclosed in a happy bubble where the tension between them was at a fizzle level instead of boiling over as it normally does.

"Since I'd designed it and stolen all the materials, including my dad's tools, I claimed the right to climb up first. I proudly stood at the top and shouted down for everyone else to climb up. Unfortunately, just as the first guy put his foot on the bottom step of the wooden ladder, the wood I'd used for the main platform, which my father had told me was rotted too badly to use, broke with my weight and I came crashing down to the ground, hitting several of the branches along the way as well as a good portion of the rough bark as I fell and hit the ground with a painful thud."

That wasn't funny! "Oh, James!" she stood up straighter, her eyes wide with fear and horror. "But you were okay, right?"

He laughed and shook his head. "Absolutely not. It turns out that I'd broken my leg in three places and scraped about half my skin off the left side of my other leg. To make matters worse, I was too scared to tell my parents what had happened so I convinced my friends to just get me home. They put me on one of the lawn chairs in the back yard, then left as fast as they could, not wanting to be around when my parents found me like that."

Despite herself, she had to laugh at his story. It was either laugh or cry so she chose the first. "And when your mother found you?"

He grimaced, giving her fair warning that this was not going to end well. "She saw me several times as she was out gardening or doing her thing in the yard, but she didn't have a clue until I couldn't walk in for dinner."

She covered her mouth with her hand, trying to suppress her amusement at what she suspected had been a very painful part of his past. "How long were you out on that lounge chair?"

"About four hours." He shook his head at his insanity now. "I can't tell you how badly I had to go to the bathroom, not to mention how hungry I was. But there was nothing that would convince me to tell my mother what had happened."

She smothered another horrified giggle but prompted, "You eventually did, right?"

"Nope. If you didn't come to dinner, you missed dinner. That was the rule of our house with six kids. My parents had to be pretty strict about some things and meals were one of those things. It was only when one of my friends' mother called my mom asking me if I was okay before she finally realized that I wasn't doing too well. My mother and father came outside after that phone call, looked down at me in the lawn chair and realized that neither one of my legs looked quite right, which is when they went into uber-parent action. In a matter of minutes, an ambulance was on the way and my sisters were outside wringing their hands while one of my brothers smacked me upside the head."

She covered her mouth to hide her laughter, but it didn't help. "Oh, James, that sounds terrible."

He waved that aside. "That's nothing. We were generally always in trouble."

"You're kidding, right?"

"Nah. With four huge boys, my sisters never had any kind of peace. Stockings were nail polished shut at the knees, bras were knotted, underwear might suddenly appear in their boyfriend's tree...we were always getting into some sort of trouble and I think my parents knew the emergency room doctors by name by the time we all went away for college."

Her eyes were wide with horror. "You did all that to your sisters?"

"You should hear some of the things they did to me and my brothers!"

She laughed and placed a hand on his chest, shaking her head. "Another time," she laughed. "I don't think I could take another story like that last one."

She stepped into the master bedroom and loved the large picture windows that were on two walls. "This is great!" she said and circled the large, empty room. "Are you putting carpeting in or are you doing hardwood floors?"

James watched from the doorway as she looked around and he could easily picture her in this room surrounded by their kids as they raced through the furniture while avoiding getting ready for bed. He relished the thought and wondered if she would run screaming from the house if she knew what he was thinking. She was still stuck on spending the rest of her life with Edward Livingston but James was starting to think that he had other ideas for this little lady. Plans that didn't include Edward or his orderly, scheduled existence. And his plans were growing more and more appealing as he got to know her better.

So far, besides her strict upbringing, the only thing bad he'd discovered about this slender woman was the way she wanted to live out a boring life with a man who thought and acted exactly like she did. No, he didn't think that was a very good idea. That path would only lead to boredom and eventual divorce and he wanted Julianna to be happy. He smiled as he thought about what she really needed. She should spend the rest of her life with someone completely opposite to her personality. Someone like him, he thought with relish. Yes, he could challenge her more than Edward ever could. She might not always like it, but he suspected she would be happy just trying to survive living with him.

He chuckled as he thought about all the fights they were going to have throughout their life. And all the makeup sex they could share after he instigated those fights! Yes, that was a much better path, he thought with relish.

They wandered through the other rooms and Julianna offered some additional suggestions for pieces that might work in the various areas. He rejected some and told her he'd have to see her other ideas in person before he would agree to them. It wasn't that he didn't trust her style. He just wanted another excuse to see her. The timid woman would use any excuse to hide away from him he'd learned and he wasn't going to let her do that. Especially now that he'd seen her laugh as she had earlier. Julianna had a very melodic, sweet laugh that almost punched him in the gut when he heard it, but it was a good kind of punch.

After the tour of the house, he brought her into the back yard and spread out a soft blanket on the grass that had the additional cushion of the autumn leaves that had fallen recently. She curled up on one side of the blanket and tried to peer into the basket. "Shouldn't we start with dessert first?" she suggested, her hunger rising up to take hold of her since she'd eaten so little today. Chocolate was basically an elixir for all things and especially hunger. "We don't want the chocolate to melt, right?"

James raised one eyebrow, then narrowed his eyes as he took in her pale complexion. "Have you eaten anything today?"

"Of course," she said easily. Julianna was relieved to be able to honestly say that she had eaten something today. An apple as she was walking out of the house to work counted as 'something' she thought silently. Not that she was going to list her apple as a meal, but she wasn't lying to him. She'd just been late this morning due to her foray into the strange world of crazy lust in his arms last night and hadn't slept much, too disturbed by the way her body was still tingling all over, especially when she remembered the way his hands felt on her bare skin.

She definitely wasn't going to admit that to him though. She shuddered at what he might think of her if she told him how frustrated she'd been as she'd tried sleeping after he left.

He watched her carefully as he handed her a plate filled with chicken and potato salad. "Why do I get the feeling that there's more to that statement than you're letting on?"

Julianna laughed and accepted the plate, her nose getting a whiff of the fragrant chicken and spicy potato salad. "Oh goodness, this smells delicious," she said and took the fork as well. "How did they make this?" she mused.

"I made it," he clarified.

Her fork stopped just short of her mouth and she stared at him. "You made this?" she asked, not believing him for a moment.

"Yep. I know how to cook."

She laughed and savored the potato salad. "What's in this? And how did you learn to cook so well? I know lots of people who can cook. But none of them are this good."

He chuckled at her disbelief. "My mom was always cooking. She had to because all of my brothers and my father are big like me so we were always hungry. By the time we were ten or eleven, she made us start to help out in the kitchen because she just couldn't keep up with our appetites. So she taught us to cook. She grew her own herb garden and put fresh spices in when possible." He looked over at her and winked. "We had to tend the garden as well. It was a nightmare when our friends saw us weeding out the basil and thyme."

She couldn't help the laughter that erupted at that groaning statement. She loved the image of him and his siblings bent over to weed, probably throwing the weeds at each other once they were out of the ground. But the idea of him having to defend his manhood because of that activity was just a wonderful image. "Poor little boy," she said without a hint of compassion. "So you're an avid gardener, eh?"

"Don't even mention gardening to me, little lady," he said with a roll of his eyes and a shudder for effect. "I hate weeding and I hate gardening. I will gladly pay someone to do all the gardening just so I never have to dig up another weed in my life!"

She admired his manliness despite the tragedy of his gardening chores. While sitting in the evening sunshine that warmed them with the early autumn heat, they ate and talked about the house, the rooms and what he could do with some of them versus other options.

When the meal was over, she leaned back against the tree under which they were sitting and smiled up at the dappled, autumn sunshine. "This really is a lovely house, James. I wouldn't have thought a man like you would want to live in a place like this."

"What do you mean?" he asked, pulling a leaf off of the bush next to him and twirling it with his thumb and forefinger. "What kind of house do you think I should live in?"

She shrugged and surveyed his large body. "Something airy and big to fit those huge shoulders of yours. Where you can relax in an easy chair in front of a flat screen television with a beer in one hand and a remote in the other." She looked back at the ancient brick house that had protected numerous generations of families as they grew up within its walls. "Not something historic and almost falling apart. You're a good man to take on a project this large just for a home."

"What would you say if I told you I thought it was a good investment?" he suggested.

She looked into his eyes carefully, then shook her head. "I wouldn't believe you." She smiled and leaned back against the trunk of the tree behind her. "You look all mean and tough but I suspect that, inside where people can't see the real James Cavanaugh, you're just a big softy." She grinned before she said, "Sort of like a giant teddy bear."

He leaned over and tickled her and was delighted when she squealed and tried to get away from him. He wouldn't let her, of course but he continued to tickle her, loving the way she laughed as well as the way she tried so valiantly to avoid his hands. "Don't tell anyone anything like that or you'll ruin my reputation as a hard core boss, lady."

"Wait! Wait!" she called out, trying desperately to declare a time out or just to avoid his hands.

He halted and looked down at her, waiting for whatever it was she might say while his hands twitched by her side, ready to continue at the least provocation.

She shook her head, holding her hands out in front of her defensively while she tried hard to stop laughing. "You can't do this to me until you've fed me chocolate!" she gasped, still laughing at his eager expression.

She couldn't help the chuckle that escaped her when he rolled his eyes. "Of all the things I would have expected to hear, that was so far down the list."

"Never deny a woman her chocolate!" she admonished and pushed at his shoulders. When he fell away, she dove into the basket in search of the promised treat, coming back victorious when she found the box of different kinds of chocolate truffles.

"Oh, these are fabulous," she said as she savored a dark chocolate truffle with key lime filling.

He watched her eat the truffle, his body already hardening at the way she closed her eyes, her lips pouting as she tasted the delicious tastes of the chocolate and the key lime ganache. Just to distract himself, he pulled on her ankle to get her attention. "Are you going to pass them along and share?" he queried.

She contemplated the chocolates, looked over her shoulder at the man sprawled out on the blanket, then shook her head and wiggled more to the opposite side. "Not a chance. You tickled me."

He was so surprised by her response that it took him several moments before he actually believed what she'd just said. It was so contrary to her ultra polite manners that it took him a moment to react. Thankfully, he'd always been a quick thinker, able to turn issues around to his favor and in this instance, he wasn't going to let Julianna get away with such a challenge. "Well, if you're not going to let me occupy my hands by giving me dessert, then I guess I'll just have to find other ways to put my hands to good use," he said with a great deal of anticipation.

Julianna's head snapped around, her eyes wide with trepidation. She didn't believe he'd actually do anything, but she was wrong once again. With a swift movement, he had her flat on her back with him looming over her, his strong arms on either side of her head while he held himself above her. "Are you going to relinquish some of the chocolates?" he asked, eyebrows raised.

Julianna looked down at the box, counted out the chocolates, then looked back up at him. She knew she was playing with fire, but for some reason, she wanted to get burned tonight. With a slow smile, she pulled her hand out from his grip and shook her head while she covered the box with her hand, but not before popping another one into her mouth.

James laughed, thrilled that she still wanted to play. He never would have expected a playful side to her. "In that case, I think I'll just have to figure out a way to get some myself." With that, he bent his head low and nibbled at her fingers, tickling her in that way while she giggled and tried to scoot away. He wouldn't let her have that escape though, keeping her firmly underneath him while he pushed her hands out of his way with his nose, enjoying her laughter while he 'accidentally' tickled her more often than actually gaining a treat.

"Okay! Okay! I give in," she gasped, out of breath from his treatment. She immediately offered him one of the chocolates. She was expecting him to take it with his fingers, but he surprised and shocked her when he lowered his head and took it in his mouth from her own fingers. The lightning bolt of desire that shot through her body with the texture of his tongue on her fingers was frightening. Her mouth fell open and she stared at his mouth as he bit into the milk chocolate. She glanced up at his eyes and realized that he was feeling the exact same thing. She should move away, should tell him to give her some space. But somehow, neither of those things came out. She was transfixed by this desire, this need that kept her immobile, waiting for whatever might happen next.

James watched her face, going as slowly as he could because she looked like a startled rabbit ready to bolt at the slightest movement. He knew she was scared but he would take care of her. Slowly, ever so slowly, he lowered his head and gently took her lips with his, not doing anything other than slightly kissing her, nibbling a moment then pulling back to make sure she was still with him.

When she didn't pull back or look upset, just laid there expectantly, he lowered his head once again and deepened the caress. When he felt her lips move under his, he knew that he'd won a very small victory. He waited for her to make the next move and he wasn't disappointed. Her hands shifted, placing the box of chocolates to the side and then her fingers moved up to touch his hair, tangling and gently tugging, urging him to reciprocate.

James tried hard to give her the lead, but it simply wasn't in his nature and he took control, his arms wrapping around her and pulling her closer, his body already throbbing as his hand moved down her back and pressed her hips against his.

He moved his mouth across her face to her cheek, nibbling on her ear lobe and loving the way she gasped, her hips rocking against his in an obvious effort to get closer, to feel him against her core. He groaned as the heat rushed through him with her movements. His hand slipped under her cashmere sweater and her soft, perfect skin was even more incredible than the soft wool. As his fingers moved higher, he was disappointed to find that she was wearing a bra today, but he felt the lace, the embroidery with his fingertips as he skimmed across the pert globe of her breast.

She whimpered with his touch and he increased the pressure, allowing his thumb to rub against the hardened peak. Hearing her gasp of pleasure was like music and he moved his other hand higher, giving the same treatment to her other breast. The sexy sounds she was making were growing louder and he wanted to rip that sweater off, tossing it to the side so he could see her almost naked. For a moment, he hesitated. He had a plan and he had to stick to it.

James pulled back and looked down at her, almost groaning out loud as he noted the desire in her eyes, the invitation to continue. For a split second, he thought about taking her up on the unspoken temptation, but that wasn't enough with Julianna. Any other woman, that would be fine but not with her. He wanted more. He wanted her so crazed with desire that she was willing to let loose that control that he knew was inside of her. He didn't want any half measures with this woman.

"We need to go," he said, his voice gruff with the pain of need that was still riding him hard.

Julianna was confused. He was stopping? Why would he be doing that?

"What's wrong?" she asked, automatically accepting his hand as he stood so he could help her up as well. As his strong arms pulled her upright, she almost fell into his chest, only keeping herself straight by putting her hand on the tree instead of him to balance herself. She was having a hard time coming off of the desire he'd created within her and understanding why he was stopping.

He moved closer, his hand reaching up and touching her soft cheek. "Nothing is wrong. It's late and you told me you have an early morning tomorrow so you need to be at the gallery earlier than normal. I'm guessing you didn't sleep any better than I did last night, so I'm trying to help you get your beauty rest."

Julianna was startled, looking around. When had the night descended? It was actually cold now and she shivered since the autumn sunshine had disappeared over the horizon. "You're right, of course," she said stiffly, ashamed that she'd so lost track of the time that she hadn't even realized what time it was.

Actually, she was ashamed because James had been the one to stop their lovemaking and she'd been completely unaware of the increasing intensity. No, that's not true, she reprimanded herself as she lifted the items from the blanket to store them back into the basket. She'd been aware and had even helped increase that intensity.

He watched her flustered movements and knew exactly where her mind was going and he was not going to let her go there. She was ashamed of kissing him back with all of that incredible passion and he wanted her to know that it was okay. "Will you be back at the store tomorrow evening?" he asked, not wanting to let her go tonight until he had some sort of plan to see her again tomorrow. She was quickly becoming a drug in his mind and he was happy to feast in his addiction.

She busied herself by meticulously folding the blanket from their picnic and storing it in the basket, her hands shaking as the reality of what they'd been doing hit her full force. "Of course. I'll have my staff move some items that might be appropriate for your house so you can view them." She couldn't look at him but kept her eyes down at his feet, her feet, the tree, the basket...anything but looking up at him. She didn't really like him, did she? And she was practically engaged to Edward. So why was it that every time this man came close to her, she lost control and just fell into his arms, behaving so wantonly? This was not the man for her! She wanted someone who....was more courteous and well mannered, someone who was like-minded. James completely disagreed with following the rules. He flaunted the rules. His whole business model was based on doing things others didn't think was possible so surely he lived that as well in his personal life.

She liked rules. She lived by them and embraced them. Her business world was based on old rules and strict guidelines. Her reputation as a business woman relied upon her knowledge and adherence to those rules. Rules made her feel as if life was ordered and sane. James was the antithesis of orderliness and sanity. He dared what others refused to even consider.

Okay, well, there was the point that he had made an extremely good living based off of that philosophy. But that only meant that he could be happy flaunting those rules. She couldn't live with that kind of insecurity. She knew she couldn't so why was she so tempted by James?

He took a step closer to her knowing that she was distracted by something in her head. He could almost hear the argument and he needed to stop her recriminations from driving her crazy. Getting her attention by stepping into her personal space was his only option. It helped that he liked her soft perfume and the strawberry smell of her shampoo. "And will you personally show me the items? Or are you going to brush that off to one of your assistants?" he teased as she folded the blanket from their meal. He knew that she was planning to do just that by the guilty look on her face.

Damn the man! How could he read her mind so easily? She'd been trying to decide which one on her staff would be able to help him tomorrow. She'd already discarded the two female salespeople. Not because they weren't capable women, but only because Julianna didn't want her lovely and charming saleswomen to be near James. She had hired them for their ability to charm the customers but that didn't mean she wanted them to work their wiles on James. The thought inadvertently popped into her mind that, if anyone was going to work their wiles on him it would be her.

She jerked her head to the side to get her hair off of her face, then looked up at him with a deep breath. "No, I'd be happy to show you some pieces." That was brave, she thought silently. Either of the men on the schedule to work tomorrow could easily help James. She could even draw them pictures of James' house and explain why she'd selected each of the pieces and describe the rooms in which they might be placed. So why had she just volunteered to see James yet again? Even after her whole lecture to herself on why James was not the man for her?

He grinned, knowing he had her exactly where he wanted her. "Good. It's a date, then."

Julianna's eyes snapped back up to his. "A date?" she asked nervously.

"Exactly," he replied. "I'll take you out for dinner afterwards and we'll make an evening of it."

She was already shaking her head. "No. I don't think that's a good idea," she countered, unable to look him in the eye. What had she been doing? She'd spent the evening with James tonight and look where it had ended. Edward would be furious with her! She'd cheated on him and he had every right to feel betrayed. If the roles were reversed, she would....no, she actually wouldn't feel the same way. The lovely and vivacious Jessica Mallory came to mind as well as the way Edward had been looking at her during the dinner party before James had arrived.

That wasn't a valid excuse, she told herself firmly. Edward hadn't gone and made out with Jessica, he'd only been looking at her with interest. And that interest was only because Edward was trying to help the woman out of a bad situation due to a ridiculous legal document. Goodness, she couldn't believe what a hussy she was. "No, I'll have one of my assistants show you the pieces and that way you won't have to tie up your whole evening."

James took the blanket from her and shook his head. "No. You'll show me the pieces. If you don't want to go out to dinner afterwards, that's fine. But you've seen my house and only you know what would work and why."

Unfortunately, he had a point, damn the man. "Fine. We close tomorrow at six o'clock," she said with frustration and humiliation in her voice.

James drove her home that night and started to get out of the car to walk her to her door. But she jumped out of the car quickly, bending down before closing the door. "Thank you for a lovely evening. Your house is beautiful and I'll have things ready for you tomorrow." She didn't give him a chance to respond before she flew up the stairs to her home, opened the door and slammed it closed behind her.

James watched with both amusement and frustration. He thought he'd made progress with her tonight but obviously he needed to be a bit more straightforward. He wondered if she'd started thinking about Edward and fury surged through him. He'd be damned if he'd allow her to think of another man when he was with her. He pulled out of her driveway and drove home, working on his strategy for the following night.

Chapter 4

Julianna walked to the back of her gallery, impatient with both herself and James. She'd told him very specifically that she closed down the store at six o'clock and here it was, fifteen minutes until six o'clock and the irritating man still hadn't shown up. She'd promised to show him the items, but if he wasn't here in time, she wasn't going to wait for him! He could just come by during normal hours.

Throughout the day, she'd actually burned up a lot of anger at the man. She was even wearing underwear just because she didn't want him to show up and think that her lack of those garments were an invitation for him. Which meant she'd been uncomfortable all day long, wishing she could just get his visit over with so she could call Edward and find out if he might be available for dinner tonight. They usually met once or twice during the week for a meal and then again on the weekends for whatever function was happening that he chose to attend. She'd rather not attend any of them, preferring to stay home with a good book or to watch a movie by herself. She hated those ridiculous social engagements but knew that they were important to Edward's business.

She wondered what it would be like to attend functions like that with James. She suspected that it would probably be a lot more fun. Edward tended to talk business with lots of numbers sprinkled into the conversation. These were things she understood in the abstract, but in reality and the details, she had zero interest in deciphering. And his numbers were so complicated he was completely out of her league.

She'd only been to one function while on James' arm but that night had been...okay, she couldn't help admitting that it had been fun. Even arguing with the obnoxious man had been stimulating. Any time he'd spoken to a friend or colleague, the conversation had been more jovial, not a single number brought up but lots of teasing and joking. Even she had to admit that James could work a crowd well.

She shook her head and looked around, realized that she was just standing in the middle of her gallery with a silly grin on her face. She wiped the grin off and took a deep breath. She had paperwork to finish, a report of upcoming auctions to review and travel arrangements to schedule. She didn't have time to moon over a guy.

She glanced down at her watch and was just about to pick up her cell phone and call James, ready to give him a piece of her mind when the bells over the door jingled. With a shiver of excitement, she knew deep down that it was James entering her gallery.

She walked out of her office and caught Lisa putting her purse down, knowing that the other woman was about to approach James to see if he needed any assistance. "Go ahead and head home Lisa. I'll take care of this customer," she said, staring at him as she walked down the stairs from her office to the main floor.

Lisa smiled up at the man and stepped out of the store. "Are you sure? I'd be more than happy to stay and help that hunk. He's a gem!" She even took a deep breath and let it out slowly, as if James were some sort of movie star.

Julianna had to laugh at Lisa's reaction. "I'm very sure. But thank you for the offer of help. James Cavanaugh is a personal friend."

Lisa laughed. "Lucky woman! I'd love to have friends who looked like that!" She took one more look at James, then spun around and headed out of the gallery through the employee's entrance at the back where their cars were parked.

Julianna's amusement vanished when she turned back to James. He certainly was a hunk, she had to admit. His mere presence had her heart beating erratically and her knees weren't as strong as they were moments ago. Would he always have this kind of an impact on her? Would there ever be a time when she could see him and not feel all giddy and school-girlish about his broad shoulders and narrow hips? More importantly, would there ever come a point when she could look at the man and not imagine what he looked like naked?

James leaned against the door, watching as Julianna walked towards him. She looked incredibly beautiful in a caramel colored sweater and matching wool slacks. The color made her skin look warmer and caught several of the highlights in her blond tresses. And she looked delicious. It was also the first time he'd seen her in slacks and he wondered if that was a message for him to back off. Unfortunately for her, he wasn't in a very receptive mood today.

"You're very late," she said tartly and glanced down at her watch. "We're actually closed. I should make you come back tomorrow, which is what I do with my other clients."

He smiled slightly, already noting the excitement in her eyes. "But you're not going to do that, are you?"

She bit her lower lip and looked up at him now that she was standing right in front of him. "I suppose I could make an exception. Just this once."

James' smile grew wider. "I appreciate the courtesy," he replied with equal formality.

Julianna was just about to smile back at him when she pulled herself back from the brink. This was no time to repeat the previous evening. She'd given herself a stern lecture the previous night and knew that James was dangerous territory. Edward was closer to her personality and she should just remember Edward whenever James was around. James was trouble. Edward was a good, solid future.

"This way," she said and spun around on her heel and walked to the back of her gallery. There was a warehouse area where she kept unique items for special customers. It's where she'd pulled several of the items she thought might look good in James' house so that no one else would see them today. They'd had several customers including several online sales and she didn't want these pieces to be accidentally bought up by anyone before he had a chance to either accept or reject them.

"Here they are," she said as she pushed the heavy warehouse door open for him.

James took hold of the door and walked in after her. Looking around, he was impressed by her inventory. She had some beautiful pieces and he could even see several work areas where it appeared some restoration was taking place.

For some reason, he'd pictured her gallery as a small antique shop where he might find a few big pieces but mostly smaller items like trinkets and lamps or silver cutlery from old castles and such. This was a large store, probably five times the size of what he was expecting. Her gallery was filled with large antique pieces as well as artfully arranged smaller items and curios. All of the pieces were immaculately restored and preserved with creative displays that made her whole place feel much more upscale and refined than his expectations.

It just proved to him once again that he shouldn't underestimate this lady. She had it all, he thought; looks, beauty, creativity and the kind of smile that punched him in the gut whenever she used it on him. He was putty in her hands when she smiled and he wished she'd do that more often when he was around.

She waved her arms wide as she showed him several room mockup s filled with incredible antiques. "Here are the items I thought would suit both you and your new home," she said, gesturing to the furniture she'd selected for him. One of the pieces, a huge, gorgeous king sized bed with an ornate headboard, fit for a king in her mind, had just come in the previous week. It hadn't even made it onto her showroom because her restoration staff had been cleaning it up. It had been in a dusty basement of an old Irish castle that had been scheduled to be torn down due to the dangerous weathering it had taken over the past few centuries. No one had been able to gather enough funds to save the building so it had been set to be demolished. But several pieces had been discovered in the basement and she'd been there to purchase them off of the auction block. She'd seen this bed and thought it was magnificent. She'd almost kept it for herself, but knew that it would suit James much better.

As she looked at the piece, her hand lovingly smoothed along the glossy finish, her fingers gently touching the intricate, wood scrollwork. James could tell that she really loved this one piece in particular but he had to keep his mind off of the bed. Julianna, with her long, tapered fingers and perfectly manicured, pink tipped nails, standing next to a bed, and doing to the bed what he wanted her to do to him, was a bad image for his concentration.

James looked over the other pieces carefully, listening as she described the amazing history she'd discovered of each one and where she thought it should go in his house. She even had the 'why' all figured out as well as possible color choices. Her descriptions helped him picture each piece in his house, an extremely good selling tactic he had to admit.

When she was finished, he had to laugh softly at her thoroughness. "When you decide to sell something, you don't do it in half measures, do you?" he asked softly, completely impressed with her skills and knowledge.

"Thank you," she replied softly, flattered by his praise as she looked down at the floor. Compliments from James meant too much to her. Her stomach fluttered excitedly and she was inordinately happy that he liked her selection as well as her explanations.

"I'll take all of the pieces," he said firmly. "Send the invoice to my office and I'll arrange for them to be stored until the final restoration is completed on the house, just so they don't get damaged accidentally."

Julianna was already shaking her head even before he finished. "I didn't mean for you to take all of the pieces. Don't you want to just select the ones that you like?" The pieces were outrageously expensive. Most people just selected one or two pieces and built their rooms around those with less expensive furniture.

He shook his head. "I want all of it," he countered. "I'm working hard to restore the house to its original style using as many recovered hardware pieces I can find. So why not fill the house with furniture that suits the period as well?" He handed her a card with his office's address on it. "Can you hold them here for a day or two until my assistant can arrange a storage unit for them?"

She took the card automatically, her mind numb with the amount she'd priced these pieces at. "James, you can't just buy up all of this stuff." She was already cutting her prices in half for him, trying to calculate in her mind the restoration costs and the delivery fees so she could eliminate her profit on the items.

"Why not?" He looked down at her with an amused expression, eager to get the business out of the way so he could kiss her pink lips, to feel her soft body once again against his own. He liked the furniture, therefore, deal was done. They could now move on to the point in the evening where he took her into his arms and kissed her until she wasn't able to think any longer.

"Because they cost too much money!" she replied, exasperated by his obtuseness.

He laughed and pulled her closer. "Did you make the bed with that mattress and comforter just for me?" he asked, changing the subject.

Julianna looked behind her and shook her head. "I didn't do that. It's the standard procedure to dress the pieces whenever a client is coming by to view them."

He smiled down at her. "Ah, but the soft, full comforter gives me several ideas."

It took her a moment to understand what he was thinking of and as soon as it hit her, she pushed against his chest, not really sure how she happened to be standing in his arms, his strong hands firmly holding her waist and sliding against the wool of her slacks. "Just get those ideas out of your head, James. We're not doing that again tonight."

He laughed and bent low to kiss her neck, nuzzling the soft skin and pushing her hair out of the way. He enjoyed the way her hair felt against his cheek and wished she would wear her hair down more often. "Why would we avoid such a perfect opportunity?"

She gasped when his hand slid up her back then around to the front, his large hand cupping her breast. She reached up to stop his hand's momentum and pull it away, but his mouth captured hers and she lost track of her goal. Or possibly, a new goal occurred to her.

"James..." she said, intending to tell him to stop, but the words simply wouldn't come out.

"Yes?" he asked and moved his mouth up to her ear lobe.

"We can't do this," she replied, but tilted her head so that he had better access.

"We seem to be doing it quite well already."

She was just about to pull herself together when she felt his hand on her breast once again. Hadn't she grabbed his hand and pulled it away? Obviously not, she thought as she arched into his palm.

James thought she was perfect. He loved the way she cried out after his thumb rubbed her hardened nipple through the soft fabric of her cashmere sweater. She took a deep breath, but it was unsteady and ragged. "James," she started to say, but then his other hand slipped up and cupped her breast. Whatever she'd been about to say was lost as her body shuddered in reaction. Her hands moved from his wrists, sliding over the sports coat he was wearing to his shoulders, hanging on desperately while he nuzzled her neck, her collar bone, then back up to her ear.

"James..." she started to say again, not sure if it was going to be a protest but she couldn't get the words out. Her hands needed....desperately needed to touch him. Her fingers moved higher, feeling the skin on his neck, moving lower along the open collar of his tailored shirt underneath the sports coat. "Too much," she finally said.

James thought she was telling him that she was feeling too much and started to back off, but then her fingers moved out from his shirt and pushed his sports coat off his shoulders. She wasn't telling him too much because of what he was doing. She was telling him that he was wearing too many clothes, too much material.

He groaned with both relief and an instantaneous surge of desire as he lifted her up into his arms and placed her on the solid mahogany dresser behind her. His hands moved down her body, all the way down so that his hands were right behind her knees. With a swift move, he simultaneously pulled her legs apart and slid her cute bottom to the edge of the dresser so that she was pressed against him. Her gasp and the widening of her eyes, before they slowly closed once again, her mouth falling open as the heat spread through her, told him that she was finally just as involved as he was. There was no turning back this time. His little ice princess was melting and he was more than happy to apply the heat.

His hands moved up her inner thigh, teasing her skin through the thick, wool material of her slacks. "What a day to choose to wear slacks!" he growled in her ear as his teeth once again bit her lobe sending tremors everywhere.

"Off," she whispered frantically. Her fingers worked the buttons on his shirt, almost angrily pulling the material out of her way so she could see his bare chest. When she had some of it revealed, she leaned back to see what he looked like, her eyes feasting on the muscles that were hidden by that plain material. "You're incredible, James," she whispered, her fingers shaking as she reached out and touched his chest.

James sucked in a breath when her fingers finally touched him and he ripped the rest of the shirt off. "My turn," he replied and with swift movements, he had her sweater pulled up and over her head, tossed onto an old mirror that had probably seen so much over the centuries. As he leaned back, he shook his head as his eyes devoured her small, perfect breasts encased in the delicate mocha lace bra. "I don't know which is better, seeing you completely naked or in this bra," he said, his voice deeper than normal and he reached a finger up to trace the delicate lace, running his finger along the demi-cup and over her peaked nipple. "You're beautiful," he said.

Julianna had never considered her breasts to be her best asset but as James looked at them with those hot, scalding eyes, she felt proud, sexy and feminine. She couldn't take his light touch any longer though. With her hand, she pressed his palm against her breast, closing her eyes as she loved the way his hand felt fully against her body. "Yes!" she stated through clenched teeth. "More!" she demanded and moved closer to him, wiggling against him.

James groaned with her movements and tried to reign in this rampaging desire that was riding him hard but her wiggling against him was driving him over the edge. He couldn't take much more so he lifted her once again and carried her over to the bed, tossing her down onto her back with her legs still wrapped around him. He followed her down, his mouth latching onto her breasts and his tongue laving her nipple through the lace while his hands deftly reached behind her and unsnapped the latch. Within moments, the bra was gone, tossed to the floor and he kissed her, ravaging her mouth while his hands reached down and unsnapped the slacks, pulling the zipper down while he worked the button.

His hands would have been more effective if hers hadn't been in the way. But as he was working on getting her slacks off of her, her hands were frantically trying to unlatch his belt, then pull his zipper down. James let out a curse and stepped back. Within moments, he tore his slacks off, boxers socks and everything. Next he took her shoes and tossed them over his shoulder before slipping her slacks down her legs. Her mocha lace underwear was such a work of art that he had to look for a moment at her with her long, slender legs and bare breasts, but that moment was shortened when she whimpered out the need to touch him once again.

He moved back into her arms, his hands moving up her legs, her waist and cupping those incredible breasts once again, his mouth sucking, biting and then gentling against her nipple, doing what her voice and her ragged breathing told him felt good to her. She was so responsive, everywhere he touched she made some noise that urged him on faster, harder, slower or faster. He couldn't get enough of her but when her hips rose up, meeting his erection as if demanding that he enter her, his hands moved lower and he had to hold on when his fingers slid into her warm, wet heat. She was so slick, so hot for him that he wanted to just slam into her. He grabbed the condom he'd rescued from his pocket and tore the package off. He'd never put on a condom so quickly in his life. When he moved back to her, moving in low and taking her mouth once again, he pulled her arms around his neck.

"Look at me, Jules," he commanded, waiting until she opened her eyes. When he could see her, feel her, he moved slowly to her, entering her with almost painful slowness as he held her gaze, watching her as he filled her warmth.

It was slow going, he had to move in, then slide out slightly because she was so tight, but then he pushed back, her wetness and heat surrounding him and he pushed in deeper. With each thrust, he went deeper until he was finally completely inside her. He felt her jerk at one point and stopped, waited until she smiled up at him again before moving once again. "You okay?" he asked.

"Perfect," she said and lifted her legs, wrapping them around his waist while her tiny hands held onto his shoulders.

James moved slowly at first, tentatively, trying to find the rhythm that she liked the most. But it seemed that any way he moved, she seemed to like better. There was no wrong way with Julianna and her fingers dug into his back, her mouth open as she gasped with each thrust. He moved faster, shifting his weight. Her cries were getting louder and he knew that she was close. When her eyes closed and she arched into him, he pushed harder and faster, sweat breaking out on his body as he tried to hold back his own orgasm until she'd reached her own. He almost lost the battle but was determined to take her to the finish line. If only she didn't feel so incredibly good! "Come on, Jules. Come with me," he urged.

With his words, he shifted once again and was able to watch as her body arched, her legs clamping around him as her hips shifted again and again with his. Her cries were soft and adamant as her body exploded around his, milking him and squeezing him. And he finally released his control and let himself collide into her, his own orgasm sweeping over him as the almost painful pleasure careened through his body.

When it was all over, he collapsed against her, holding her close as he rolled so he wouldn't suffocate her with his weight. She curled up against him, her body still not willing to let him go but he was in no hurry to leave her warmth, feeling perfectly content to just stay connected to this incredible woman who had taken him higher than he ever thought possible.

Julianna kissed his shoulder, his arm, feeling so good she thought she might just melt into a puddle of happiness. "Thank you," she whispered.

She smiled as James chuckled and she could feel his laughter under her cheek since her head was still resting against that massive, hard pillow that she knew she could become addicted to.

"I would say thank you back, but I don't know if I can think yet." He shifted slightly, rearranging her so that she was curled up beside him better. He ran a finger along her waist and smiled as she shivered. "You surprised me."

She took a deep breath, feeling so relaxed and happy, better than she'd ever felt in her life. And with James no less! "How did I surprise you?" she asked softly, not wanting to spoil the intimacy of this moment. She liked laying here with James, his strong, arms around her made her feel loved and secure.

"I would have thought you were one of those women who had to be in their own house, in their own bedroom before you were comfortable enough to have sex." He ran his hand along her arm and squeezed. "It's nice."

Julianna stared at the ceiling, trying desperately to get her breathing under control and force her mind to work. In her bedroom? She gasped and looked around. In her gallery!

"Oh no!" she cried out and pulled out of James' arms, pulling the comforter close to hide her nakedness. She'd had sex in her building?! "We have to get out of here," she said to him, scooting to the edge of the bed and looking around for her clothes while she pushed her hair out of her eyes with a shaking hand. "How could we have done this?" she cried out, covering her face with embarrassment. "This is so...."

"Good?" he provided as he moved to the edge of the bed himself. "Incredible?"

"Wrong! We're in a place of business! We can't have sex here!" She peered over the edge of the high bed, seeing her slacks below but not exactly sure how to reach them without revealing herself to James once again.

He was already standing beside the bed, completely naked and unashamed. "It's your place of business, Jules. This isn't something to be concerned about. No one else is here so there's no problem."

"I'm not Jules," she replied, distracted as she pulled the comforter off the bed in order to grab her clothes.

He didn't laugh at her modesty but it was a challenge. She just looked so cute wrapped up in that huge, down comforter that he wanted to kiss her. He pulled her into his arms and looked down at her, forcing her to be still for a moment. "I've seen every part of you," he said. "And I liked it all so there's no need to be shy after the fact. And just fair warning, next time, I'm going to see much, much more of you."

Julianna knew what he was referring to and blushed, unable to hold his gaze. She looked at his chest, her mouth watering with the desire to kiss him there, to taste his skin just as he'd done to her.

She shook her head and closed her eyes pushing all thoughts of kissing James on the chest, or anywhere for that matter, out of her mind so she could concentrate on getting her clothes back on and leaving her gallery before anyone realized what they had done. "Please, we need to get out of here. Everyone has left already, but I don't know if someone might come back for some reason. It isn't unheard of for employees to forget something from their place of work and come back after hours to find it."

She had a point so he released her and picked up her slacks, handing them to her before he found his own and slipped them on as well. He retrieved her bra and sweater as well while he was grabbing his own shirt which had been tossed onto the concrete floor and now looked wrinkled in various places. He didn't care. He didn't care about much of anything right at the moment, feeling too good for stress to enter his mind. He slipped his arms into the sleeves, his mind already working on how he could get her home and back into bed for another round. He definitely wasn't finished with the lovely Julianna. Not by a long shot.

How had she ended up in James' arms? How had she allowed this to happen? And in her store no less! She slipped her bra into the pocket of her slacks and pulled the sweater over her head, just wanting to be covered up as soon as possible.

Her fingers shook as she tried to put her hair back into some semblance of order but she suspected that it was a lost cause.

James was already dressed and coming around to the other side of the bed where she was standing. He realized that she was shaking with reaction and he felt both protective and confused. "Julianna, we didn't do anything wrong."

Instinctively, she let him hold her, feeling better with his arms around her and she even allowed herself to lay her head on his chest, absorbing his strength and confidence, a small little luxury in the biggest crisis of her life to date. "Except that we're in my store," she sighed and buried her face in the soft fabric of his shirt.

James looked around and chuckled. "Well, there is that. And you don't have to worry about anyone coming inside. I locked the door."

She pulled back and looked up at him. "Were you planning this?" she demanded.

He wasn't going to let her trap him like that. "No, I was only planning to kiss you," he told her honestly. "Things just....went a bit further. But I don't regret what happened." He watched her eyes carefully. "Do you?"

Julianna didn't know how to answer him. Her whole body was still humming, vibrating with the intensity of the experience. But the guilt and shame was almost as overwhelming. "I'm not exactly sure what I'm feeling right now."

He nodded, seeming to accept her answer. "Fair enough," he replied. "Come home with me. I'll make you dinner and we can talk about this." He didn't wait for an answer but took her hand in his and pulled her out of the storage area.

"Wait!" she exclaimed and pulled her hand free. She grabbed the linens on the bed and pulled them off the mattress, frantically stuffing them into a large plastic bag she found on the janitor's cart that had been parked nearby. She didn't want any evidence left behind of what had occurred here tonight.

"What are you doing?" he asked, dumbfounded by her frantic actions.

She dragged the bag with the linens over to him. "Here," she said, out of breath after the exertion of stripping the bed of those heavy sheets and comforter. "Goodness, I think I need to increase my daily runs if that has me out of breath."

James took the bag, still confused. "You still haven't explained to me why we're taking this. Why don't you just let your staff take care of the sheets?" He watched her carefully, knowing that she was feeling vulnerable right now. "Unless you want me to bring them home for you?" As soon as he provided that explanation, he knew it wasn't the reason. Her blush and the fact that she couldn't look him in the eye told him that much. It was yet another mystery to this multi-faceted woman that fascinated him.

She bit her lip as she looked around, making sure she'd gotten anything that might give away their crazy, lust driven romp in the antique bed. "I just don't....I don't want anyone to see...anything," she finally got out, running her fingers through her hair once again in an effort to make herself look somewhat presentable. Her fingers were still running into tangles and she was becoming agitated by the mess. "Can you just...get rid of that stuff for me?"

James glanced down at the bag in his hand then shook his head, his eyes narrowed while he waited for an explanation. "There's nothing wrong with the linens, Jules."

She turned around and blushed even harder. "Please? Just throw them away in your garbage at home."

James still didn't understand. He put the bag down and turned to face her more fully, hands on his hips in what he didn't realize was a thoroughly alpha male stance. Julianna wished that things like that didn't turn her on, but they did and she looked down at her feet so she wouldn't reach out and touch him once again. She wasn't sure she had the control to stop herself if things got out of hand. Again.

"Jules, you know I'm not going to let this go until I understand what you're thinking. Why would I throw away brand new linens just because we had sex on them?"

She covered his mouth with her hand, then pulled it away when he nibbled on her finger. "Stop that," she whispered urgently, looking around to make sure no one was witnessing their interchange. Even she knew that was ridiculous since her warehouse and gallery were completely silent except for the noise they were making. They were entirely alone, all the employees having left over an hour ago. "It just....needs to be thrown away."

James looked down at her pink cheeks for a long moment, then something occurred to him. "Julianna, is there evidence of...."

"Yes!" she snapped at him, then turned around on her heel, heading back into the gallery and up the stairs to her office before he could ask any other questions. Her head was down as if she were walking in a storm and she had to brace herself against the wind and rain. She'd left him standing in the doorway leading from her warehouse to her gallery, a stunned look on his face. That surprise gave her enough time to get away from him, getting space so she could work through this latest issue of the night.

She wanted to slam the door on his bark of laughter but was trying very hard to re-gain her dignity. Slamming her door would only cause him to come up and investigate but she couldn't face him right at this moment. She was so hurt by his reaction and had to fight back the tears caused by his heartless laughter at her expense. She stood in the middle of her office just taking in deep breaths, trying to calm down and smother the hurt his laughter had caused her.

She would not cry, she told herself and sniffed, blinking rapidly to stop any errant tears that might decide to fall and reveal to that horrible man how much he'd just wounded her. She'd had sex for the very first time and he had laughed! What a rude, disgusting man! How could she have entrusted her first time to him?

Well, there hadn't been any 'entrusting' going on, she reminded herself. If she'd been thinking, she would have locked him out of her gallery and never spoken to him again. But there was just some mind-numbing chemistry between the two of them that shut down her thinking and reasoning processes whenever he came close to her.

So the trick was to make sure he didn't come close! That's all. Easily done, she said, trying to give herself a pep talk. She'd agreed both yesterday and today to meet with him, despite her better judgment and both times she'd ended up in his arms. Apparently, that was a very bad place to be, especially when she was vulnerable, such as after her first sexual experience. That laughter was a cold slap in the face and she would do well to remember that the next time he asked for any of her personal time.

"What's taking you so long?" James asked, standing in her doorway and casually surveying her personal sanctuary. Then he noticed the bright eyes and something twisted in his gut. "What's wrong, Jules?" he asked softly, moving over towards her and taking her in his arms.

Julianna couldn't believe how crass he was! He'd laughed at her and then expected her to just fall right back into his arms? "Don't touch me!" she yelled at him, taking a step back and raising her hands so he couldn't reach them.

James halted, a shocked expression on his face. "Julianna?"

She shook her head and closed her eyes. "Just leave me alone," she said with a bit more dignity, but her voice was shaking and her hands curled into fists. She crossed her arms over her chest and took a deep breath. Remembering her manners at the last moment, she added, "Just go. Please."

James put his hands on his hips and shook his head. "Not until you tell me what happened to the passionate woman of ten minutes ago. Surely you can't be regretting what we shared already."

"I do," she spat out and turned away, curling her arms around her stomach and bowing her head so he couldn't see her lip tremble, fighting the need to cry out her hurt from his cruel words.

"What the hell is going on, Julianna? What happened between the bottom of the stairs and now? Besides you...." He stopped and thought back to their conversation...and his subsequent reaction. When he remembered his exhilaration and how he showed that feeling, he finally understood. Rubbing his hand over his face, he couldn't believe what an idiot he'd been.

"Damn!" he said softly. "I'm sorry, Jules," he said and moved closer, not touching her, but standing close enough to smell her soft perfume and the flowery scent of her hair. "I laughed and you're hurt. And I'm sorry, but it isn't what you think."

Her whole body stiffened because he'd brought up his laughter, and his voice was so gentle and deep. That tone was breaking through her humiliation, just a crack and she was shuddering from the exertion of trying to not throw herself into his arms and pound her fists against his massive chest in punishment. "Just leave me alone," she said and hated the fact that she sniffed, revealing just how close to tears she actually was.

James sighed heavily, already regretting his outburst since it caused her this much pain. "I didn't laugh because you were a virgin, Julianna. I laughed because I was delighted that you would share your first time with me. It means something to me, and that means that I mean something to you. I was just happy that you....felt that way about me." He watched her carefully and knew that he was getting through to her when he saw her shoulders relax slightly. "I don't want to hurt you, but I guarantee that I'm not letting you go. I'm going to overcome every obstacle, even if I'm one of them, Jules."

She wouldn't look up at him although his words went a long way towards soothing her hurt feelings. "Thank you for that."

His hands wrapped around her slowly, ready to stop if she showed the least resistance. But she didn't stop him and his arms enclosed her slender, trembling body, hugging her gently to show him how sorry he was about his thoughtlessness. He kissed the top of her head and was relieved when she relaxed a bit more, even leaning against him slightly. "So will you come home with me? I'll make you the best pasta you've ever had and we'll talk."

She stiffened and stepped out of his arms. "No. I appreciate the offer." She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "I really just need..."

"You're going to tell me that you need to be alone, aren't you?" he interrupted and his hands moved up and down her arms. "Against my better judgment, I'm going to leave. I think it's a mistake, and I really think we should talk and work through this. Something is bothering you and I'd like to understand this better, to understand you, but I know that you're not ready for that."

"I'm sorry," she whispered and crossed her arms over her chest again, closing him out. "I do need space. This isn't me. I'm not like this and I don't do things like this causally."

He nodded, completely agreeing with her. "I know that, Jules. Which is why I don't want you to be alone right now. I want to listen to why you think you've done something horribly wrong which isn't the case."

She opened her mouth to try and answer him, but she couldn't form the words. "Please," she finally said softly and blinked to keep the tears from falling.

James saw the tears in her eyes and sighed heavily. "Okay. Let me drive you home," he said with grim resignation. Every instinct within him was telling him not to leave her alone but he couldn't fight the tears. Normally he would simply ignore tears. In the past, women had used tears to try and manipulate him into buying them something or not ending their relationship along with pleas and assurances of undying love. They hadn't felt anything like that towards him, except perhaps an undying love of his bank account.

This was different. Julianna was sincerely upset and he'd done this to her. His gut wrenched at the thought that she regretted what they'd just shared and he wanted to fix it, to make it all better so that she was as elated as he was. But she was confused and angry instead.

"I'll give you time. Just promise me that we'll talk. Soon."

She nodded her head, not willing to promise him anything but wanting to be alone before she broke down completely. She was hanging onto her control by a thread right now and she wanted to curl up on her bed and cry out her wounded soul to an empty, dark room.

He drove her home despite her claims that she had her own car behind the warehouse. At her door, he walked her up the stairs and made sure she was inside before he kissed her gently, softly but with a deep passion hiding just below the surface.

Julianna pulled away from the tender kiss and walked inside, her fingers shaking from reaction, not just from that one kiss but from the whole night. Her actions were finally catching up with her and she wasn't sure how to respond.

She went upstairs to her room and curled up on her bed, pulling a pillow against her body and letting the tears flow, her mind going over every single point in the night and her shame at how much of a participant she'd been in the whole process. Images of the night flashed through her mind and she castigated herself for being so wanton, so blatantly disrespectful to her relationship with Edward. Not to mention the fact that she'd had sex with a man she'd known for less than a week.

Chapter 5

Julianna sighed as she locked the door to her shop. It was Friday and she was so relieved that the week was finally over. This day in particular had been absolutely horrible. She'd barely slept last night so she looked like a wreck.

James had called several times throughout the day but she'd ignored all of the messages her staff had handed her. She hadn't picked up any of the calls to her cell phone either. And she'd avoided her e-mail just in case he'd resorted to that method of communication. She felt like a rabbit trapped in her store, afraid to pop her head out for fear that the fox would snatch her up and eat her for dinner.

Glancing at her calendar, she sighed with frustration as she realized that the day was still not over. She had a dinner party tonight but thankfully it was with one of her college friends so it might be a relief, an escape from hiding at home and worrying if James was going to come by. She knew she had to avoid James at all costs because she was very afraid she might just end up in his bed again. She couldn't allow that to happen.

Tomorrow she had a buying trip which would take her into the countryside through Sunday night, so that was another way for her to escape from James' too-knowing gaze. Monday she had a committee meeting, Tuesday was some charity function and then by Wednesday, she should have him completely out of her system and she could move on with her life.

She took a deep breath as she locked up for the night, shutting out the gallery lights and slipping her leather purse over her shoulder. Walking out to her car, she started to feel stronger, more sure of herself now that she had a plan to avoid James for at least the next five days. He was handsome and attractive, strong and confident and he'd managed to squeak under her defenses despite what she knew was best for herself.

She glanced down at her cell phone, feeling guilty for not returning any of his phone calls today. It was the coward's way of handling the situation and she knew better. But with James, he was just too persuasive and besides, when he was around, she couldn't think properly. His closeness muddled her mind, made her think that he wasn't as bad as she knew he was when he was away from her.

Yes, she knew intellectually that her argument made no sense at all. But she wasn't dealing with her intellect right now. She had to figure out her emotions and then she could handle being rational. She should just talk to him. Her hand rested on the door handle to her car, hesitating as she considered just calling him up and asking him if they could talk. She actually enjoyed talking to him, but she didn't think he would respect her need to stay away from him at least sexually. When James was close, he was a force of blatant sexuality. She was only human and she didn't want to be tempted by him again. An evening with James wouldn't stay just a conversation.

And did she really want that? Or did she want him to take her into his arms and tell her that everything was wonderful, then show her how wonderful everything could be between them.

Her head fell against the top of her car. She was so confused. The man terrified her in ways that just didn't make any sense. Was she that weak? That pathetically confused and unable to have an intelligent conversation with a man?

James was different, she knew that. His powers of persuasion were....okay, they were probably more powerful to her because of that chemistry thing going on between them.

But he scared her. The power he had over her....yes, that's what scared her the most.

She had to admit that it had nothing to do with him being unconventional or not following any rules. It might have been like that at first, but as she'd gotten to know him over the past week, she'd learned that he wasn't really like that. Sure, he bumped up against the rules, but he didn't break them. He challenged assumptions, but he never rammed his opinions or ideas down anyone's throat.

She was being unfair to him.

But he scared her. No, he actually terrified her. The way she felt when he touched her, or even when he was just in the same room with her, made her....there was no other word for it. She was a coward.

She jumped when her cell phone rang again. She glanced down at the screen and saw his name and already her hand was shaking just at the thought of answering his call.

Her thumb rested on the 'answer' button for two whole rings, her mind telling her to ignore the call while her heart tried to convince her to answer it, to explain to him how she felt, that his power over her was frightening and she didn't want anyone to have that kind of control. Her parents had controlled her for the first two decades of her life, mandating how she ate, sat, spoke, dressed, studied...

James was different though. The voice kept telling her to talk to him. But in the end, she waited too long and the call went to voicemail.

Taking a deep breath, she tossed her cell phone into her purse, climbed into her car and started the engine. She would not think about him tonight. She would relax, laugh with her friends, get a good night's sleep and then go out of town this weekend. She could cancel her committee meeting on Monday and call him then. The weekend would give her a good chance to relax and think about how she could explain her feelings and fears to him.

With a nod, she drove over to her friend's house, relieved once again that it was Friday night and she would be in a place where she wouldn't run into James.

The party was in full swing when she arrived and Gloria, her school friend, rushed over as soon as Julianna walked in to give her a huge hug. "I'm so glad you're here!" she gushed.

Julianna laughed, feeling better now that she was with her old friends. Two of her other roommates came up to her as well, all of them had a glass of wine in their hands and Debra handed one to her. "To old times," the four of them said, raising their glasses into the air. Everyone took a long sip of the excellent wine, then Gloria turned to Julianna with a huge grin on her face. "I can't wait for you to meet my fiance," she said and all four women walked into the large, spacious room to find several other couples already forming small groups with various drinks in their hands.

Gloria introduced her to a very nice man named Mark who was an investment banker. As soon as her friend walked up, Mark put his arm around Gloria's waist and smiled at Julianna. "It's very nice to meet you," he said and extended his hand. "Gloria talks about you a great deal. But where's your fiance? I thought he might be coming as well."

Julianna looked to Gloria for clarification, but at her friend's hopeful, expectant expression, Julianna figured out what Gloria was hoping to hear. She almost laughed at her friend's assumption, considering everything that had happened over the past week. "I think you're referring to Edward Livingston, but we are only dating casually," she explained quickly, not wanting anyone to get the wrong impression. "We aren't engaged."

"Not at all," a deep voice said from behind her. "The woman is completely free of entanglements," James said, his icy blue eyes watching her and Julianna immediately saw the fury in those eyes. She knew she was in trouble for avoiding his calls all day and her heart sank with trepidation.

"James, what are you doing here?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

Gloria looked from Julianna and James, confused but her eyes bright with excitement and interest. "Julianna, how do you know James Cavanaugh?"

Julianna pulled her eyes away from James to face her friend. "I met him at Jessica Mallory's house a few nights ago. James and I have done some business together."

"Ah," Gloria said. "Uh oh, there's the doorbell again." Turning to the larger man, she said, "James can you make sure Juilanna gets something to eat while I find out who else has stopped by?" She left without waiting for James to reply, moving quickly towards her front door to greet the next arrivals.

James didn't move forward, just stared at the woman who had avoided him like the plague all day long. "So what message should I take from the fact that I've left three messages at your office and about five on your cell phone without a single return call from you?" he asked angrily.

Julianna knew that he was furious and she had no idea how to ease his anger. She'd been wrong and a coward and now she had to pay the consequences of her rudeness. "I'm sorry," she whispered, lowering her eyes while her shoulders sagged in defeat.

James wasn't sure if he wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her so that she knew that this wasn't over between the two of them, or if he should just step back and let her have her space. He'd given her space last night, time to work through whatever issues she was having with their relationship, but he'd called so many times, just wanting to check in with her today, and she'd ignored him completely. Now here she was, looking pale and beautiful, with dark circles under her eyes....

He stopped and all the anger drained out of him as he realized that she was still upset. "You didn't sleep well last night," he said and bent low so he could examine her features more carefully. He reached up and touched those dark circles marring her beautiful skin and almost groaned as the pain slashed through him. "What's wrong, Jules? Talk to me," he demanded.

He was going to pull her into his arms, but she bowed her head and sniffed. "You scare me so much, James," she finally said. "I don't know how to handle you and everything about you is so different from what I'm used to." She waited a long moment, working through in her mind what she wanted to say. "And when you're near, I...." she didn't want to admit it, afraid that he would use this, but she wanted to be honest with him. He deserved that from her. "When you are near me, I lose control and I don't like it."

He didn't hesitate this time. He took her into his arms and held her gently, resting his chin gently against the top of her head. "That's a good thing, Jules. We're perfect for each other."

She allowed the comfort for a small moment, then pulled back, looking around to see if anyone else had witnessed their embrace. "We're too different and I don't like losing control. We won't work, James."

He laughed softly. "We worked pretty well last night."

She gasped at the memory that had never been very far from her mind. Her eyes looked up at him and she couldn't breathe for a long moment. "Don't," she whispered, seeing the desire pooling in his eyes.

He smiled grimly. "I can't seem to stop it when you're around," he admitted grimly. His hand slid up her tiny waist, stopping just below her breasts and she reached up, intending initially to stop his hand but as soon as she touched him, her hand lost its strength, unable to push him away.

She looked up at him again, her heart racing and her breathing ragged as the pull that he always had on her started to suck her into his vortex. The rest of the world faded away and, in her mind, they were no longer at her friend's party and the noise behind her faded out of her consciousness. All she saw, heard and smelled was James and the excitement only he could make her feel. "We can't."

He chuckled softly as his other hand reached up and touched her ear, sending fire racing along her ear, down her neck and spiraling out to all parts of her body. "We will."

She took a deep breath, her body actually swaying towards his again. But one of her friends called out her name and she stopped, turned her head and jumped back from James, realizing they were too close for casual friends.

She forced a smile to her face and walked away towards Debra, her forgotten glass of wine still in her hand and she took a long sip of it, trying to cool herself down after being so close to James.

Debra pulled her into a conversation with a couple of her friends about some of their old college acquaintances but Julianna found herself glancing up, looking for James just to make sure he was still there. She didn't want him to leave for some reason. The party had become more exciting just with his presence here.

He caught her looking his way too. Every time she looked for him, it was like he could tell that she was checking for him and he glanced up from his group of friends and their eyes met across the room. The first few times he'd caught her, she looked away quickly. But as the evening wore on, she accepted that she just wanted to be with him. It wasn't the alcohol either since she didn't even finish her first glass of wine before switching to seltzer water.

For the next two hours, Julianna tried to stay on the opposite side of the room from James as the other guests milled about, talking and joking. Somehow though, she kept finding herself right next to him, leaning against his muscular frame at times, other times she would find her hand in his, their fingers entwined. She thought about pulling away, not wanting others to know how she felt about James. But when his thumb ran over her knuckles so softly, instead of releasing his hand, she shivered with awareness and smiled up at him. James was not a man to be dismissed or ignored.

By the time dinner was over, Julianna could barely stand the tension any longer. She wanted to grab him by the hand and drag him out of the house. But she contained herself, at least long enough to approach Gloria to let her know that she was leaving and to thank her for the evening. "It was really wonderful and I'm so sorry I'm leaving early."

Gloria looked at her with concern. "Is everything okay? We haven't even had a chance to catch up yet. And Mark made dessert. He's a great chef so you don't want to miss anything!"

"Everything is fine, no problems," Julianna assured her. "I just didn't get much sleep last night so I'm pretty tired." She turned to Mark who walked up to Gloria right at that moment and put his arm around her waist. "I'm sorry I'm going to miss your dessert. I'll definitely catch it the next time okay?"

Her friend smiled and waved away the explanation. "Go get a good night's sleep and call me soon. We need to have lunch and catch up. I know things are pretty crazy, but we need to talk."

Julianna gave Gloria and her other friends a goodbye hug, then hurried out the door so she wouldn't have to make more excuses or repeat her exhaustion line again. She wasn't surprised when James came out the door a moment later. She'd been waiting by her car, hoping he would do the same thing and follow her out of the party. She hadn't said anything, didn't need to. But he'd gotten the message.

As soon as he walked out, she felt his eyes surveying the darkness. She also knew the moment that his eyes found her by her car, the heat hitting her even from this distance and in the cool autumn air. He walked directly towards her, not even hesitating as he took her into his arms and kissed her, desire surging through her. His body was hard and muscular, pressing her back against the car as his hands moved into her hair, pulling her head back so he could deepen the kiss. She wasn't just taking the treatment either. She was ravenous for him, wanting to taste him, to feel him. He might be pressing her back against the car, but she pressed her body against his, needing all of him urgently.

When he finally lifted his head to look down at her, his breathing was just as ragged as hers. "Come on," he said tightly and took her hand, leading her quickly towards his Mustang several cars away.

He didn't speak as he tucked her into the passenger seat, bending down to kiss her once again. "I'll have someone bring your car back to your house so you don't have to worry about it," he said just to ease any concerns she might have.

Julianna didn't care about her car. All she cared about was this need to have him, to touch him and feel his hands against her skin. She didn't want to wait until they reached his place. She wanted him now. As soon as he slid into the driver's seat, she moved closer to him. She'd only meant to sit next to him, but he pulled her onto his lap and kissed her again, his hands sliding under her red sweater and feeling her breasts. "I missed you last night," he growled and bent down to kiss her, his hand going from her breasts to her bottom, pressing her hard against him.

"Bed!" she gasped, coming up for air when all she wanted was to tear off her clothes and have him touch her everywhere, then tear off his clothes and feel him against her. "Hurry," she said, breathing hard but she didn't move from his lap, kissing his neck and his ear, biting him just as he'd done to her.

James growled but he knew that they couldn't make love in his car, no matter how much he wanted to just strip her down and take her right now. If she'd been upset about having sex in her warehouse, he couldn't imagine her embarrassment once she realized that they'd made love in front of her friend's house in his car. No, he wasn't going through that again.

He set her into the passenger seat firmly, strapped her seatbelt on, then moved back to his side of the car. With a flick of his fingers, the engine roared to life and he pulled away from the curb with tires squealing.

They didn't speak as he drove her through the city streets, but his hand held hers, his thumb rubbing along the inside of her wrist, sending shivers through her body and making her completely aware of him at all times.

When he drove into an underground garage, she didn't know where she was, but suspected this was just a temporary housing arrangement until his London home in Mayfair was finished and furnished. She didn't have a chance to look thoroughly around when he brought her through to the top floor of the apartment complex, but she had a sense of space and openness, exactly what she would have thought he would live in before she'd seen his other house.

She wasn't given much time to consider the issue though. As soon as they walked in the doors, she was taken in his arms and he kissed her, pulling her up against him and thrilling her with his touch and the excitement that only this man could produce within her.

She didn't stop him, in fact pulled herself closer, her hands fisting against his shirt since she couldn't get his dark green sweater off of him. She ripped the cashmere over his head, her hands flattening against his stomach with just the cotton shirt keeping her hands from touching his skin. But it still wasn't enough. With frantic haste, she shoved the material higher and was grateful when James took over and pulled it over his head, dropping it on the floor. He was pulling her through his home but she didn't bother to look anywhere but at his massive chest, her fingers loving the way it felt to slide through the light hair covering those bulging pectoral muscles and biceps on his arms.

A few steps later, he had her red sweater off and he dropped it by the door to the great room, her bra coming next, kissing her the whole time and dragging her further into the room.

They didn't make it to the bedroom though. With her mouth against his chest, he picked her up and shook his head, trying to clear his eyesight enough to figure out where they were. When he spotted the couch, he just lifted her up and carried her over to the cushions.

"Don't wait," she gasped and worked the buckle on his belt, shoving his dark slacks down just enough so she could grip him with her fingers.

James just about exploded when he felt her hands holding his erection. Her fingers were clumsy and too gentle but that seemed to make her touch even more erotic. He wasn't about to break the contact though, sweat forming on his forehead as he tried to control the lust she instilled in him.

"Can't wait," she urged, pulling him closer. James was all for the pace, needing to bury himself in her heat more than he'd ever needed anything in his life. He grabbed for his back pocket with one hand while pushing her black pencil skirt up with the other. She was wearing leather boots that went up to her knees and then her lacy topped, black thigh highs drove his need even higher.

He tore off the wrapper off of the condom and rolled it down his length, then pushed her back, spreading her legs wide as he looked down at her. With one thrust he pushed into her, filling her up and groaning at the incredible tight heat of her.

She moved her hips, frantic to feel him, to find the release but he was still. She opened her eyes and looked up at him, gasping at the possession she saw there. "You're mine, Jules. Say it," he commanded.

She tried to smile but it probably came out as a grimace because he wasn't moving inside of her. She put her hands on his shoulders, her muscles clenching as she fought the urge to shift, to make him move. "Yes!" she gasped. "I'm yours. Please! I'm yours!"

He smiled victorious and couldn't help but respond to her frantic need. It was mirrored within him and he pushed slightly higher inside her, then pulled almost all the way out before pushing back inside. The feeling was so incredible he didn't want to stop.

As they moved together, their breathing increased until they were both gasping for air as their bodies climaxed together, James growling out as Julianna cried out her release. When he collapsed on top of her, she thought she might be crushed but loved the feeling of his weight on top of her. She wrapped both her arms around him, kissing his shoulder in between gasps for air.

Long minutes later, he lifted himself off and shifted slightly so that she was laying next to him instead of underneath him. "Sorry," he said while his fingers trailed up her side, making her wiggle with the tickling feeling.

"Sorry for what?" she asked, laughing just because she wanted to. Every cell in her body was tingling and she felt good, relaxed and....just happy. Her leg moved down from his waist to his leg, caressing him slightly and then she froze. "You didn't take off your pants?" she asked, horrified at the idea that they'd been so frantic that they hadn't even undressed.

He lifted his head and looked down at her, noting her disdain with a raised eyebrow. "I hate to break it to you princess, but you didn't take off your skirt or your boots."

Julianna looked down at her waist, feeling the bunched up material for the first time then covered her face in her hands. "Oh, no."

He chuckled deeply and stood up, buttoning his pants quickly before he bent down and lifted her into his arms. "This is a very easy issue to rectify," he said with that almost ever present amusement. He carried her down a long hallway then into a dimly lit room. He set her down by the bed, then turned on a few more lights.

"What are you doing?" she asked, her hands quickly pushing down her black skirt before coming back up to cover her naked breasts.

"We're going to do that again, but slower this time. And without any of these clothes," he explained as he came over to tower over her. His arms slipped around to her back, undid the button at her waist, then slid the zipper down, pushing the material to the floor. After that, he lifted her up and placed her in the center of his huge bed and looked at her, taking one of her leather boots in his hands.

"Are you going to take it off?" she asked when he just stared at her for a moment.

His grin was slow and lascivious. "I'm considering it."

She laughed along with him, delighted that he liked her black leather boots. "Well, let me know when you make a decision," she said with a pretend yawn. "I'll be here waiting."

He threw back his head and laughed, thrilled that she was starting to overcome her shyness. "Think you can be passive?" he asked. He showed her in very great detail that she couldn't, and didn't even want to be passive when he touched her.

Chapter 6

Julianna looked around, her body stretching as unused muscles groaned in protest. She didn't want to wake up, she didn't want to move actually because she was feeling so good and relaxed.

When she felt James' arm around her waist, she smiled and sighed with contentment. She really needed to head out. She had appointments today and she already could see the sun coming up over the horizon. But she felt so good right where she was.

James was an incredible lover, she thought with happiness. She had to be careful, or she'd get used to this.

Suddenly, reality hit her and she was horrified. Edward! She'd slept with James last night, willingly and enthusiastically, over and over again making love to him and reveling in the way he could make her feel. And she hadn't given Edward a thought!

That happy, content and relaxed state instantly dissolved and guilt almost choked her. No, there wasn't any formal agreement between herself and Edward, but that didn't mean she had the right to humiliate him by being with another man. And the way she'd acted last night at Gloria's party! Goodness, she was probably being talked about everywhere by now. And Edward would soon hear about her infidelity. It wasn't fair that she'd done this to him. He was a good man and he didn't deserve to be embarrassed like this.

She also knew that it would happen again, so it was only fair to talk to Edward before he heard about her relationship with James from someone else. She looked over her shoulder, smiling once again as she watched him sleep. He was just as intense in his sleep as he was while awake. She almost laughed out loud when she noticed the line between his eyebrows and she wondered what he was dreaming about. She reached a finger up, gently touching that line and his facial muscles instantly relaxed. His arm tightened around her slightly, but then he relaxed back into sleep and she laid there for several long moments, just enjoying the feeling of having his arms around her waist, his leg pressed between hers as if he needed to touch her everywhere at all times.

Slipping out of James' bed, she tiptoed to the bathroom, gathering up her clothes as she went. She needed to leave carefully, not willing to wake up James in the process. Around two o'clock in the morning, they'd walked through the penthouse to his kitchen and feasted on ice cream, so they'd picked up the clothes that had been torn off when they'd initially entered his home. She laughed at the memory that scene as she grabbed her red sweater and headed into the bathroom.

She quickly showered, then dressed and snuck out of his room, leaving him a note on the kitchen counter. It wasn't a big, mushy note. Nothing like what she wanted to tell him. It only said that she had to visit some auctions this weekend and asked him to give her a call when he woke up and had a spare moment.

"Can I get you anything to eat, Miss?" an elderly lady asked just as Julianna was turning around, ready to leave the house.

"Oh!" she gasped, putting her hand up to her chest in surprise. The woman did not appear impressed with Julianna's sneaking and her face showed her disapproval. "Um...no, thank you very much," Julianna replied softly, her eyes glancing towards the other side of the large penthouse apartment where James was still sleeping soundly. "I need to head out, but can you make sure that James receives this note?" she asked and slid the note into the middle of the counter where it was more obvious.

"I will make sure he receives it first thing this morning, Miss." She was abrupt, her wrinkled hands clasped in front of her and her grey and white uniform buttoned up to her chin. There was no expression in her eyes, just withered lips pursed in that continuous disapproval.

Julianna smiled wanly and left the woman with her frowning, disapproving expression while she walked out with as much dignity as possible under the circumstances. She tried to smooth the wrinkles out of the wool skirt, but it was pointless since it had either been bunched around her waist or in a pile on the floor for the night.

Down in the lobby, she asked the doorman to get her a cab. As soon as it arrived, she slipped into the back seat quickly, praying that no one she knew would be out and about this early in the morning and relieved to be away from that horrible housekeeper. If she was going to spend any more time with James in his house, and she had accepted now that she sincerely hoped that would be the case, she would have to talk to him about his domestic help. She wasn't going to deal with that woman's judgmental looks whenever she left in the morning. The woman would either have to absent herself, or James would need to come over to her townhouse. She smiled as the cab whipped through the early morning city streets, thinking about James laying in her frilly bedroom complete with lacy pillows and a down comforter covered with a white, embroidered duvet.

She reached her townhouse and was grateful to see her car parked in the driveway. The keys were under the matt and she let herself into the house, ready to pack her bag for the weekend auctions and feeling better now that she was in her own territory.

She thought about James' penthouse decor, wondering who the real man was. The penthouse was modern and large, spanning two whole floors with rich, masculine colors and bold artwork. While the house he was renovating was the opposite. There were cozy rooms and lots of fireplaces which would need a completely different kind of furniture. The whole atmosphere was different. His penthouse was up in the clouds and his house was tucked away in an elaborate garden.

She supposed James might enjoy both personas. And she anticipated talking with him about his diverse living environments. Goodness, she realized that she was looking forward to talking with him about anything!

She checked her cell phone to make sure it was fully charged. She didn't want James to think she'd just left him after their night of incredible passion without a word at all. She'd promised him in the note that she would answer his calls as soon as he woke up. She wondered if she should have let him know that she would be out of town on a buying trip this weekend, but maybe when he called, he could meet her at one of the small villages.

As she picked up her bags and headed out the door, she thought about the idea of spending a romantic weekend at one of the luxurious bed and breakfasts she'd reserved for the night. She would love to see James with all of his huge, masculine glory, sitting in one of the tiny, delicate chairs that the restaurant boasted.

By noon, she'd checked her messages about ten times, wondering why James hadn't called. Was he just paying her back for yesterday when she'd ignored his calls all day long? If so, that was pretty juvenile of him. But it had been petty of her too, so maybe she deserved it.

She thought about calling him herself. As she waited for a red light to change at an intersection, she wondered if perhaps he'd just been overloaded with meetings this weekend. She knew that he was starting up a huge project and it was taking up a great deal of his time. But the whole day?

Maybe if she just called him to check in on him, that would be okay. She wouldn't disturb him, would she?

She glanced down at her cell phone but there were no bars indicating service. She looked around and sighed. This was a pretty small town, so it isn't surprising that they didn't have service. She should have thought about that.

When she ordered room service in her hotel, she felt lonely and betrayed. By that point, she had reached a larger village and she had plenty of coverage. She tried calling James herself, but it just went to voice mail and she was too hurt by his silence to leave a message. She only nibbled at her dinner, not really hungry and wondering why James was playing these games. So she hadn't answered his calls on Friday. Was it really necessary for him to pay her back so painfully? She'd been nervous and confused back then. She thought he'd understood but obviously he wasn't the kind of man she thought he was.

By Sunday afternoon as she was driving back to London, she was miserable. She'd given her heart to a man who didn't deserve it. She wanted his arms around her so badly that she actually ached as she drove home. She'd tried calling him a few more times today, but she was too far out in the country so there wasn't any cell service in the remote areas she'd been traveling.

The weekend had turned out to be an abysmal failure in almost every aspect. The poorly run auctions she'd been hoping would be a great source of new inventory turned out to be mediocre quality pieces, many of them even fakes that she picked up on immediately. But the worst part was when she traveled back to London and checked her messages, finding none at all. Nor any missed calls from James.

To really add salt to the wound, there was nothing stopping her from calling on Edward and explaining what she'd done. She might not be with James since he wasn't calling her or taking her own calls, but she couldn't string Edward along either. Not after her experience with James. What he could make her feel with just a touch or a look wasn't anything like what she felt when Edward was near her. With Edward, it was more of a brotherly emotion she felt towards the man, not that she was going to tell him that. He was still one of England's most eligible bachelors, but he deserved honesty from her at least.

There was nothing for it, she thought sadly as she drove over to Edward's house. She had to face this music as well. She wondered why she felt so differently for the two men. Both were amazingly handsome, fabulously intelligent and too charming for their own good. Unfortunately, Edward just didn't do it for her. No matter how much she wanted it to be different, she needed to break things off with Edward. She suspected that it had been over for a while and they'd just been going along with the flow of things simply because they were convenient for each other.

She rang the bell to his house, feeling awful since she hadn't even called to see if his was available. As she stood on the front step in the cold, afternoon air, tears were already falling before she even had to face him. As soon as he saw her in the living room where his housekeeper had left her to go get him, Edward knew something was wrong. He saw her blotchy face and pulled her over to one of the sofas. "Julianna? Are you okay?"

She nodded her head quickly, then wiped the tear that escaped and shook her head. "No. Not really."

"Are you cold?" he asked, his eyes glancing out the window at the overcast day outside. "Is it chilly or does it just look dreary?"

She laughed and shrugged. "I guess it's a bit chilly. And I'm terribly sorry to come by without calling first. It's dreadfully rude of me, but I really needed to talk with you about something. Do you have a moment?"

Edward took her hand and smiled down at her. "I always have time for you, Julianna." He patted her hand and took her coat, making all the right noises to put her at ease.

"Talk to me, Julianna," he said softly as he sat next to her on the sofa, his hands holding hers carefully.

The concern she saw in his eyes broke through her last line of defense. Seeing that concern, that compassion, caused the damn to break and the tears flowed unchecked down her cheeks. "Oh Edward," she said sadly. "I've made such a mess of things. I can't believe what I've done."

Edward looked down at the lovely woman with a tear ravaged face and he wanted to hit James, knowing he was the source of her tears even before she offered an explanation. "What's he done?" he demanded, prepared to go over to his penthouse and smash the man's face in for making this gentle woman feel so horrible.

"It isn't what he's done, so much as what I've done." She explained how she'd slept with James twice now and betrayed Edward. "I'm so sorry and I hope that no one spoke to you about this over the weekend. I had to go out of town but several people saw me at a party with James on Friday night. I know there were people who also knew you and...well," she was wringing her hands by now, feeling horrid for the position she'd put him in. "I just wanted to apologize for telling you like this. It's very dishonorable. I should have spoken to you before. I just....didn't understand what I was feeling for James until it was too late."

Edward smiled softly and shook his head. "I think we've both come to the conclusion that we weren't meant for each other. So please don't feel bad about finding some happiness with James if that's where your heart is leading you. What we had was nice... but possibly too convenient for both of us."

Julianna smiled gratefully. "Jessica?" she asked, instinctively knowing that the lovely woman had something to do with his change.

He sighed and nodded. "Yes. She drives me crazy sometimes, but we'll probably get married."

That statement only made her cry harder and she leaned her head against his strong chest. "That's good," she cried out. James made her feel exactly the same way, but she didn't have the happy ending. Nor did she think things could work out with James anyway. They were too different, their lives so opposite and the way they saw the world and how to move around in it just couldn't mesh with each other.

Edward put his arms around her, patting her shoulder and he realized that what he felt for Julianna was more like a brother than a lover. Which was probably why he'd never taken things farther than a simple kiss at the end of their evenings together. "Are you in love with him?" he asked softly.

Julianna thought about that for a moment, then dropped her head low. "I think I am, the bastard." She said the horrid word, but there was no heat in the statement. She was just too surprised at the emotion hitting her full in the face for the first time. She'd been so absorbed in just trying to get through the day, trying to avoid him that she hadn't slowed down to figure out why.

"I've been avoiding him because he scares me."

Edward laughed, nodding his head as he squeezed her shoulders affectionately. "I know the feeling."

Julianna looked at him through her tears and smiled ironically. "Jessica?"

He nodded grimly. "I thought you were the perfect woman for me."

Julianna laughed. "And I thought the same about you. I still think you're perfect."

He chuckled as he said, "You're just not interested in perfect, right?"

She shook her head. "I don't know why, but it appears that I'm more interested in obnoxious, arrogant, stubborn men who will continue to drive me crazy."

He thought about that for a moment, both of them staring into the blackened fireplace, the clock ticking on the mantle the only noise while they contemplated their futures. "So what are you going to do about him?"

Julianna sighed and thought about that. "Well, he hasn't called me back since I left him Saturday morning. So I might not be doing anything about him. I don't know if he wants me."

Edward took her hand in his and squeezed it gently. "You shouldn't assume Julianna. Go find out. Make sure that you're clear on the fact that he's moving on. It sounds like there's been enough miscommunication between the two of us to last us a while." His eyes gently urged her to follow through on his advice. "If it's one thing I've learned in business it's that one should never make assumptions. Always be clear about a situation."

She knew that he was right. It was just the scarier path to take. She wasn't sure if she was ready for rejection just yet. "What are you going to do about Jessica?"

He shrugged with a deep sigh. "There's only one thing I can do. I have to marry her."

Julianna smiled for the first time today. "Because you love her?"

"Yes. Even though she drives me crazy."

That elicited a laugh and Julianna felt much better for it. "I guess we're just gluttons for punishment." He hadn't said the words, but the look on his face revealed so much about what he felt for the brunette. He was one hundred percent smitten with the woman. She'd never seen that look of unadulterated adoration on his face when he'd spoken with her. "I'm happy for you. I know you two will make each other very happy."

She took a deep breath and squared her shoulders. "You're right. I guess I'd better face the music, huh? Find out what that man really wants?" She could feel her stomach tighten and her hands start shaking just at the thought of seeing James again. It might be painful, but she had to do it. Just for her peace of mind so that she didn't think back ten or twenty years from now and wonder.

Edward smiled down at her and gave her hands another comforting squeeze. "He wants you, Julianna. I've seen it in his eyes and if I hadn't been so obsessed with my own crazy woman, I might have punched him out for moving in on you."

Julianna rolled her eyes at his comment, knowing that he was exaggerating, but she appreciated the effort. She stood up and took a calming breath. "Thank you for being so wonderful."

"We're better off as good friends." He hugged her then walked her to the door. "Let me know how things turn out."

"I will," she said and reached up to kiss his cheek. "you're a good man, Edward."

"Don't forget it!" he growled.

Julianna left, feeling so much better than she had when she'd woken up this morning. The guilt was gone, but it was replaced by an impending sense of doom.

She walked back to her car and drove away, but she wasn't sure where to go. She didn't want to head back to her house because it was cold and lonely. She was afraid to head to James' house because she had no idea why he wasn't calling her.

So what was she to do? She thought about Edward and how he was marrying the woman he had accidentally fallen in love with. In just a week? How had both of them stumbled on people completely opposite to their familiar worlds and fallen so completely in love?

She stopped at a red light and contemplated her future. Was she going to continue to be scared and worried? Was she going to always slip back to the known or was she willing to step forward and embrace James?

There really was no question about the two options. She couldn't remain in her current place because that life had changed so significantly. She wanted to move forward, but finding the courage to confront James and find out why he hadn't called was her fear. But she would tackle it, she told herself. The light changed to green and she moved forward, turning her car towards James' house instead of her own. She'd confront him, find out if there was a reasonable explanation for why he hadn't called and if it was reasonable, she'd throw herself into his arms.

If he still wanted her.

She bit her lip, now wondering if the reason he hadn't called was because he'd moved on. He'd gotten her into bed and achieved the challenge. Was she just his mountain to climb?

She simply couldn't believe that of James. He didn't seem like a womanizer.

She couldn't really say that about him though, could she? She barely knew the man. She bit her lip as she realized that she'd known James for only one week. How much could one learn about a person in a week? What did she really know about him? She didn't think he was a womanizer, but what is she basing that assumption on? Her own hopes?

Okay, she needed to stop this kind of thinking. It was negative and unproductive. And unfair to James since she wasn't giving him the benefit of the doubt. She needed to trust her instincts and to believe in James and what he stood for. She wasn't going to condemn him just because she was in a relationship with a guy who made her nervous. She could rise above this kind of thinking.

She steered towards his building, barely remembering the way because she'd been in a different frame of mind yesterday morning. She'd been so happy and relaxed, ready to take on the world. She'd also been so optimistic about the weekend, which had turned out dreadfully. No, she stopped herself again. She wasn't thinking like that.

Parking across the street, she stepped out of her car and stared up at the building. It was right across from the park and, in the darkness that was slowly enveloping the city, she could see lights on in the penthouse.

She looked down at her black slacks and tan black trench coat, smoothing out the wrinkles after a long day of driving and crying. She touched her cheeks, hoping that the tears she'd shed at Edward's house didn't show. She wiped under her eyes gently, hoping to erase any mascara that might have dissolved when her tears flowed over her lashes onto her cheeks. She wanted to look strong and confident when she faced James after the past two days.

"Stop stalling," she said as she stepped into the street. She looked both ways but the Sunday evening traffic was light so it wasn't hard to start crossing over to the opposite side where James' building was. If she hadn't looked up at that moment, their eyes wouldn't have met. In fact, she wouldn't have noticed the smaller woman next to him who was gazing up at him with adoration and she wouldn't have seen his arm around her waist as they approached his building.

The woman had long blond hair that flew out behind her. She wore dark, skinny jeans and long, black boots that came up over her knees along with the kind of bohemian suede coat that Julianna could never pull off. One needed a certain attitude for that kind of a look and Julianna just didn't have it. Her hand nervously went to the collar of her black, classic trench coat, suddenly wishing that she'd worn something more daring. Something that could compete with this woman's dramatic flair.

Julianna stood there, confused and hurt for a long moment before her eyes and her brain connected. She realized that he'd moved on from her over the weekend, that she'd lost him to this other woman and the pain that ripped through her was more difficult to bear than anything she'd ever felt in her life.

Spinning around, she was just about to hurry back across the street to her car when a steel band wrapped around her waist and stopped her.

"Oh no you don't," James said as he pulled her back onto the wide sidewalk just outside of his building, grabbing her by the upper arms to glare down at her. "What are you doing here?" he demanded.

"Let go of me!" she almost yelled. She was trying to maintain her dignity, but she was too furious with his betrayal to remain calm.

James didn't even ease the tension in his arm that was still wrapped around her waist. He flipped her around though, then moved so that her back was against the building and his whole body was holding her captive so she couldn't escape him. "Not until you tell me why you're here." He didn't sound furious, but sometimes James could be very low key about his emotions.

"None of your damn business!" she snapped at him, trying to yank her arms free but he had an iron grip and she couldn't shake him off without hurting herself. "Just let me go and feel free to have a wonderful night with your floozy!"

James glanced back over his shoulder and almost groaned when his sister smiled in his direction, waving her fingers to let him know that she'd heard Julianna's comment and wasn't going anywhere. "Liz, could you give us some privacy?" he asked, but it was more of a growl because he knew his sister wouldn't move an inch.

"Not on your life," she replied with laughter lurking in those blue eyes of hers. "Why would I miss the show?"

James bowed his head with frustration. One problem at a time, he told himself, trying to calm down. "Julianna, what are you doing here?"

"Why? Because I'm yesterday's woman and you don't want today's tramp to see me?" she tried to push him away, but he only pressed his body against hers harder to stop her movements. "Just get off me you stupid brute! I'll be on my way and you can have as many women as you want," she said but the words broke on the last word because it hurt too much to picture him with another woman, especially one as beautiful as the lovely Liz standing only a few feet away watching the scene with a huge grin on her face.

James shook his head, closing his eyes at the frustration welling up inside of him. Why had fates decided to choose this exact moment to have Julianna walk across the street and misinterpret his relationship. "You don't know what you're talking about. And you're not yesterday's woman! But speaking of which, why did you leave yesterday without a word? Why do you keep doing that?"

Julianna froze as she stared up at him and her anger actually increased with his accusatory words. "Without a word? I left you a note to call me! I told you exactly where I was going and you completely ignored me. I would have expected at least a 'thanks for a great lay' message but I should have known better coming from someone who likes to play the field," she said, turning to glare at the blond woman. "Of course, if I'd known that you play the field like this," she spat out, referring to the short period of time in between when she'd left him yesterday morning and the way he'd found another woman to warm his bed so quickly, "then I would have known better than to become involved with an immoral, obnoxious man who flouts his muscles and manhandles women!"

James might have thought her ranting was funny if they weren't having this conversation on the street in front of his building. And if he weren't so furious about the way she'd left him yesterday. With a growl of frustration, he pulled away from her and grabbed her wrist, dragging her towards his building. "We are not doing this out here," he said and pulled her into the lobby. "Bobby, get the elevator down here now!" he said to the lobby attendant who frantically pressed a button behind the reception desk.

A fraction of a second later, the ping of the elevator sounded and James pulled her into the cab. When the blond woman stopped outside and smiled, Julianna almost kicked James in the shin just to get away from him.

"As fascinating as this is, I'll be on my way," the blond said.

He was torn between ensuring that Lana got to the airport safely and ensuring that Julianna didn't escape yet another time. In the end, he accepted that his little sister could catch a cab just as easily so he let her go. "Fine. Just call me when you arrive, okay?"

"Will do!" she replied and smiled once again.

With that, James pressed the button to close the doors, then turned to glare at Julianna. "What the hell happened yesterday?"

Since she couldn't go anywhere, he released her and Julianna rubbed her wrist and backed up into a corner of the elevator, glaring at him with murder in her eyes for both the way he'd handled her and the way he'd moved on to another woman so quickly. "I told you. I left you a note!"

James ran a hand through his hair with frustration. "There was no note, Jules. You just left me yesterday morning and I've been furious with you for leaving me again."

"Why didn't you call me?" she demanded, throwing her hands up in the air. "If you didn't find a note, just pick up your phone and call me!"

He bent down so that he was directly in her face when he said, "Why? So you could ignore my calls like you did the day before? No thanks! I wanted you to come back to me and offer an explanation. What we had Friday night was great and if you're not willing to meet me halfway, then there's nothing I can do, Jules!"

The elevator doors opened and she stepped out into his penthouse apartment, grateful for the extra space. "First of all, I left you a note. Ask your housekeeper. She watched me write it and even offered to make me breakfast. Secondly, I don't do casual sex!"

James ran a hand over his face, wondering how to get through to her. "Of course you don't. Believe it or not, neither do I!" He glared right back at her and pointed his finger in the general direction of the street. "That happens to be one of my sisters and I'm sorry that she's an annoying pain in the neck who thought it was funny that I was being harangued by the woman I'd just told her I was in love with but she has an evil sense of humor and I can't seem to break her of that habit. So sue me!"

Julianna stopped and stared back at him, reeling from the news that it was his sister. "That was one of your sisters?" she asked in a small voice. And he loved her? She couldn't even broach that statement because everything was suddenly very confusing.

"Yes!" he said, throwing his arms up in the air. "She's the older sister, but she's still younger than me by about seven years. She's here on business and just wanted to have dinner with me." He stopped and glared at her. "If you'd let me know where you were, I would have invited you for dinner with her and introduced you to her."

Julianna pushed her hair out of her eyes and shook her head. "I'm sorry, James. I jumped to conclusions and just....saw red when I saw you walking down the street with your arm around her waist."

His fury evaporated with her confession. He felt deflated, and yet still elated that she'd made such a statement. Jealousy meant that she felt at least something small for him and that gave him hope. "Liz and I had just come back from dinner," he explained. "And she heard all about you, but she knew that you'd dumped me so she might have pushed the limits a bit."

"What do you mean?" she asked softly, her blue eyes pleading with him to tell him that he loved her one more time.

James rubbed his neck, then looked back at her. "Jules, I'm in love with you, but if you have concerns about where this is going, we need to talk about it now. I can't go through the last few days again."

She stood there, stunned that he would admit that he loved her, even after everything she'd said over the last fifteen minutes. "You love me?" she asked again, wanting to hear the words.

"Of course I love you," he replied, hands on hips as he glared down at her. "What do you think the past week has been about?"

"Sex," Julianna whispered. "I thought it was all about sex for you."

His eyes widened for a moment, then he shook his head. "It's definitely been about sex, but this is more for me. So if it isn't for you, then please just walk away and let's just call it quits. I don't like waking up after a night like we shared only to find you completely gone."

Julianna blinked and shook her head. "I promise I left a note," she said softly. She spun around and headed to the kitchen. She opened and closed several doors, finally finding the trash. Moving only a few items, she retrieved the note she'd written the day before and held it up for him. "Here," she said and placed the neatly written note on the counter, food stains and all.

James looked down at the note, written in perfect, precise letters explaining that she was on a buying trip and asking him to call her when he woke up.

"Ah, Jules," he said and moved closer, taking her in his arms and pulling her close while he cradled her soft body against his. "I'm sorry, love. I'm an ass and I didn't trust you."

"Why would she throw the note away like this?" Julianna asked, completely hurt and confused about the woman's actions. The housekeeper had been cold and forbidding, but Julianna just couldn't believe that an employee would completely sabotage an employer's relationship in such a way.

He ran a hand over his face and neck once again. "Because she wants me to date her daughter. She's been pushing her towards me ever since the first moment I arrived and has been so persistent that I had to have a talk with her about it just a few days ago. I guess she saw an opportunity and just took it." He looked down at the note grimly. "But the woman is fired now. There's no excuse for this."

She put her arms around his waist as well, the hurt and pain of the last few days dissolving with his words. "I'm sorry as well. You're just so....different."

He rubbed his hands along her back. "Do you ever think 'different' might be a good thing? If I promise to behave maybe?"

She laughed and buried her face in his chest. "James, don't you dare promise me something that you can't deliver on." She smiled up at him and shook her head. "You don't even know how to behave," she laughed at his stricken expression. His face changed from confused to appreciative within moments and he pulled her closer.

"But you like me, don't you?"

She shrugged and looked at his chest. "I suppose there are characteristics about you that aren't abhorrent," she said, then glanced up into his handsome face.

"Name them?" he demanded, his hands lifting her up onto his countertop.

She squeaked when he lifted her, but when he only pushed her up onto his counter, she felt better since this put her higher and she could see his face better. She fiddled with the buttons on his shirt, wanting to open it up and touch his skin, but she was afraid of initiating that kind of physical contact. "Well, I guess, you're..." she gasped when he pushed her legs open and moved his body between them, then slid her hips forward so she was pressed against him. "My...." She whispered.

"You were saying?" he asked, his eyes looking down so he could concentrate on the buttons of her own blouse.

She'd completely lost track of the conversation. "What was I saying?"

He grinned and kissed her neck. "You were telling me the things that weren't abhorrent about me."

Julianna shifted her body slightly and the friction was so intense she had to hold her breath until she could think again. "Yes," she finally said. "Um....yes....I don't dislike your smile," she managed to say.

"What else?" he asked, pulling her shirt off of her and laying it on the counter behind her. He made quick work of her bra, shaking his head at the fact that she'd reverted to wearing one again.

"I don't hate the way you laugh," she finally got out but then his mouth covered her nipple and she clasped his head with her hands, crying out as the intense desire shot through her. "Okay, I love just about every part of you," she said between gasps.

James stilled, lifting his head and looking at her with an intensity she'd never seen in him before. "Do you mean that? You're not just saying that are you?"

Julianna knew what he was asking and she put a hand on each side of his face and smiled gently. "I don't know why, but somehow, you just got through that place inside of me that wants peace and tranquility and gave me chaos and insanity. But yes, I do love you."

He groaned and kissed her ever so gently, holding her as if she were a china doll. When his cell phone rang, he pulled it out of his pocket and looked at the name on the screen. "Liz can wait," he growled as he pulled her close.

A long time later, she poked him on the shoulder. "James," she whispered, barely able to speak since she could barely breathe.

"What?" he asked, his head still buried in her neck as he too tried to steady his breathing.

She wiggled underneath him slightly. "Do you think we could move off to your bedroom? This counter is getting cold," she said with a laugh.

James lifted his head and looked around. He was obviously just as stunned as she was that they'd made love on the top of his kitchen countertop, but he rallied to the occasion. "I thought you liked it when I didn't behave."

"I'll concede the point..."

"And there's no way you can tell me that you didn't enjoy the last few minutes."

Julianna raised her arm and looked at her watch. "James, it's been a bit more than a few minutes." They'd been in the kitchen for over an hour. "And I haven't eaten today so I really need some food."

He immediately stood up and helped her down off of her counter, concern on his face as he pulled on his slacks. "Why haven't you eaten?"

"Because the crazy man I fell in love with didn't call me back after an incredible night of sex," she said as she slipped her arms into the sleeves of her silk blouse.

He grinned and pulled her close again. "When will you marry me?" he asked. "How about next week?"

She laughed and put her hands on his shoulders. "We don't need to get married. Why don't we just figure this out?"

He shook his head and slid his hands down to her still bare bottom. "No way, Julianna. There's been too much going on over the past week. I want to know that you're mine and I want it to happen fast."

She smiled gently, feeling exactly the same way but too shy to say it out loud. "Name the date."

"Next week."

She thought about all the things she would need to organize for a wedding, all the invitations, the reception, the flowers, a dress...the list went on and on. "How about an October wedding?" she suggested.

He grinned. "That's next week, you know."

She rolled her eyes again. "I meant, October of next year."

He shook his head. "Absolutely not. How about next week?"

She looked up at him with exasperation. "James, there's no possible way we can organize a wedding in just a couple of weeks. And definitely not by next week."

He released her and stuck his head into his fridge, pulling out a covered dish and lifting the lid. "You'll either need to move in here, or I'll move into your place until we can be married next week," he said and stuck the dish into the microwave to heat up. "I hope some sort of chicken is okay for dinner. Oh, and you'll need to be here tomorrow when I fire my housekeeper."

Julianna was having a hard time keeping up with what he was telling her. "James, aren't you listening to me? We can't have a wedding by next week."

"Is chicken okay? I think there's other stuff in there if you want something else."

She stared at his bare back, only slightly distracted by the muscles all over his shoulders and sides. She was more exasperated with him because she knew that he was ignoring her. "Okay, here's the deal. If you can organize the wedding by next week with all of my friends there, we'll be married next week."

"Deal." He popped the door on the microwave and peered inside. "Here, eat this and write down a list of all of your friends. You have fifteen minutes before I work on your next demand," he said with a lascivious grin.

She blinked as she took the fork he put into her hand. "What was my other demand? She asked, still trying to make a mental list of the people she wanted at her wedding.

He leaned forward and kissed her stunned lips. "To make love to you in a bed."

Julianna blushed and looked down, ignoring him when he chuckled at her embarrassment. "Why do I love you?" she asked with increased exasperation.

"Because I'm different, I suppose," he laughed and pressed his chest against her back, taking the fork out of her hand and cutting a piece of the tender chicken, feeding it to her since she wasn't making any progress. "You're too slow," he said with that deep, sexy voice so close to her ear.

"And you're obnoxious," she whispered back.

"But you love me anyway."

Chapter 7

Julianna stared at the man standing at the end of the aisle. Living with him would be a continuous trial, she thought with love and more than a little irritation. The music started and she took her first steps down the aisle, her gorgeous Victorian style gown flowing around her, the crystals glinting the sunlight off of her veil and new diamonds that James had given her on her hand and her ears. He truly was a very generous man and she couldn't believe what he'd done to make this wedding happen. There were about one hundred people sitting in chairs around the small pond and a huge tent set up off to the left filled with food and wine, champagne fountains and a five tiered cake with shimmering frosting and flowers covering the layers.

He'd moved into her house because he liked it better than the penthouse he'd bought when he knew he'd have the big waterfront project to work over the next few years but progress was coming along well on his new house. Juliana was eager to start decorating that house with all of her antiques and James was giving her free reign on the decor with the stipulation that she couldn't put any lace in the bedroom. She'd laughed at that demand since he'd given the order while laying on top of about ten pillows all with a different type of lace on each one. He liked to toss them off of her bed at night, playing basketball with them and her trashcan before he pulled her into his arms.

But she still couldn't believe that this day had arrived. All she'd done was make a list of her friends and pick out a dress from the ten that James had shipped from Paris overnight.

The result of his efforts, and that of the most amazing event organizer in the form of his sister Liz who turned out to be just as fun loving and outrageous as James, was the most magical day of her life.

When she reached James, she smiled up into his handsome face, tears glistening on her lashes. "I love you," she whispered for only his ears.

"I love you too." He leaned down and kissed her gently. "I told you we could be married this week."

The minister cleared his throat, obviously not approving of the kiss before he even started the ceremony. The witnesses behind them also started laughing at the scene in front of them.

"Be good," Julianna whispered up to him, but she was smiling as she said those words to him once again.

He leaned down once again. "I always am, my love."

It was the first time the guests had ever seen a wedding commence with the bride laughing.

Epilogue

"Stop that!" James called out to her and swiftly stood up and took the heavy casserole dish. "Go sit down," he commanded.

Julianna rolled her eyes and waddled back into the kitchen to check on the turkey. "Is this done?" she called out?

Jessica walked up behind her and peered into the oven. "Looks done to me," she whispered. "But what do I know? I burn toast."

Julianna grimaced as well. "I have no clue either" she confided. The both stood up, Julianna holding onto the granite countertop while Jessica balanced her son on her hip. "Where's Delly?" she asked, using the nickname for her daughter, Delilah who was an adorable three year old who so far had figured out how to rule their household.

Jessica wiped some drool off of Timothy's chin, then kissed him on the nose. "She's watching that American football game with Edward. James is trying to teach her how to armchair coach," she explained.

"I have no idea why those two like that sport so much," she said as she arranged the rolls into a basket. They were perfectly browned with garlic and butter and had her mouth watering to taste them.

"Neither do I, but every year when we have to celebrate James' American Thanksgiving, those two are huddled in the television room watching it all day long."

"We should insulate the kids from them during these times. They cuss up a storm."

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Delly said 'damn' the other day!"

Julianna laughed, but shook her head. "That's horrible! What did you do?"

Jessica opened a can of mushed green beans for Timothy's dinner. At six months old, he was too young for the turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing and something James called 'green bean casserole' which was heavenly good, but really shouldn't be considered a vegetable. "I just looked at Edward who laughed and picked her up, kissing her on the cheek and telling her that she shouldn't say things like that unless she was watching American football.

Julianna rolled her eyes again. "Those guys are ridiculous! Why are they even friends? They are completely different from each other."

"They make a lot of money together though."

Julianna had to nod at that. "I suppose you're right. And they have fun."

"Yeah, well, James is a good influence on Edward. He's loosened up a great deal in the past few years."

"And you don't think that has anything to do with you?" Julianna teased.

Jessica laughed as well. "Okay, so I won't let him get away with his stuffy, snooty attitude any longer."

"James won't let me do it either. He just tickles me whenever I try and pull it off."

Jessica set her son down in the high chair and started feeding him, the boy devouring the food as fast as she could spoon it out to him.

Twenty minutes later, all six of them were gathered around the table. Julianna looked at the opposite end of her dining room table and smiled, tears almost filling her eyes as she surveyed the man she'd loved so much for three years. Her daughter was next to him and their best friends Jessica and Edward. As she looked around, she wondered how things could have worked out this way. She'd been dating Edward so long ago, and now he was happily married to Jessica, who had been friends with James and would have married him if her father's deadline had gotten too close. Now she was married to James and expecting their second child. It was strange how things worked out.

James must have felt her look because he glanced up from fixing Delilah's plate and froze. After a moment, he winked at her, then went back to cutting up Delly's turkey.

When everyone was settled, James looked around the table. "Thanks everyone for coming tonight for yet another Thanksgiving weekend. It's nice to be here with all of you when I can't be home with my own family," he said and grinned wickedly at Julianna who had experienced dinners with his family back in the United States. She'd clung to him nervously the whole first time, terrified of what his brothers might do to her. After three years though, she could hold her own and he loved the way she wouldn't take any of the crap his siblings dished out to her.

"So I know you Brits have your own traditions, which I find unnecessarily complicated," he ignored Edwards grunt and Jessica's rolling eyes and continued, "but this is really how to celebrate an occasion. Just put as many carbohydrates onto one table as possible, add in as much fat as you can, normally we bring together all the obnoxious family members into a small house so that they get on each others' nerves, then we eat until we're too stuffed to move, except to waddle back to the television for more football. Any questions?" he asked.

Edward raised his glass into the air. "A toast," he called out, waiting for everyone to have their glass in the air, including Delly who raised her glass of milk, eager to be part of the exciting tradition. "To obnoxious Americans, beautiful ladies," he said to Julianna, Jessica and Delilah, "and a hope that James won't have us celebrating the 4th of July any time soon!"

Everyone laughed and clinked their glasses together, even James who was more than willing to show them how to burn hot dogs and hamburgers, light off fireworks and celebrate freedom from their country.

"Behave, James," Julianna said just as James opened his mouth.

"But you don't even know what I was going to say," he claimed and leaned back in his chair to watch her across the table, loving her more each day.

Julianna shook her head and glared at him. "I do know what you were going to say and if you say it, you don't get any chocolate mousse pie," she challenged.

James opened his mouth, then closed it. "Is it the pie from that bakery down the street?" he asked carefully.

"Yes," she said and took a sip of her seltzer water. "Your favorite."

He thought about that for a long moment, causing Jessica and Edward to laugh and raise their glasses to Julianna. "It's a rare thing that someone can cause James to be speechless."

James lifted his wine glass and saluted her one more time. "Actually, she leaves me speechless every morning I get to wake up in her arms."

Julianna had been about to take a bite of turkey but his words stopped her and she looked back at him, her heart melting with love for this man who had given her so much. "I love you too dear," she said.

