Chapter 1

As the intense heat beat down on her blond hair, Emma clutched her small black purse nervously in front of her, unknowingly allowing her nails to dig into the soft leather. Standing in front of the enormous, intimidating steel and glass structure that housed the headquarters to Christoph Enterprises, she bit her lip in uncertainly. Was this really her only option? Had her life become so completely out of control that she was back in Greece with the hot October sun shining down without mercy, almost making her dizzy? She stared up through the trees at the sun, feeling the sting of the burn on the uncovered portion of her shoulders, fighting the nausea that almost overwhelmed her.

Maybe it wasn't the heat, she told herself. It might also be that she hadn't eaten in about twenty four hours now. Glancing at her watch, she noted that it was already after lunch time.

Sighing, she acknowledged that it could also be the fear, no the terror, of facing her husband after four years apart.

She jumped when someone bumped into her from behind. "Excuse me," she replied, stepping out of the way as the person tried to go through the heavy glass doors. She'd been standing in front of them for several minutes now. It was time to face the music - or the yelling, she told herself.

There was a large courtyard made up of fountains and olive trees with several other native varieties of Greek vegetation. If Emma weren't so terrified, she would have stopped and admired the landscaping. But the truth was, she fully expected to be kicked out of this building as soon as she stated her name and purpose.

Why had she come then? Wasn't there any other option? Had she really dried up all other resources?

Sighing, Emma knew that this was a last resort. There was no other place to go. And it was now or never so she'd better get it over with. Taking a deep breath to steady her nerves, she walked forward and pulled the glass door which swung open more easily than she'd anticipated.

"Good morning," she smiled to the security guards standing sentry behind a marble counter. "I'd like to see Dimitri Christoph."

The guards were startled by her request. "Excuse me?" they asked, obviously never hearing the words before. They frantically strived to overcome their shock and regain their intimidating stance. "Do you have an appointment?" one of them asked, glaring at her as if he were about to arrest her.

Emma shook her head and smiled with what she hoped was a sincere expression. "No. I don't have an appointment but," she started and swallowed, knowing this was the first test, "I think he'll see me. I'm his wife."

Even the words sounded strained and felt odd rolling off her tongue. Was she still his wife? She'd left Greece four years ago. Wouldn't he have done something to dissolve their marriage after this long?

The guards looked even more startled before settling down into distrust. "I'm sorry, but what is your name?" they asked.

"Emma Christoph," she replied, wishing it wasn't the case. But if it wasn't, then she'd have no way of getting to Dimitri, would she? And she desperately needed him. Well, she didn't need him so much. She needed his money. She'd been turned down by so many banks and her current employer wouldn't provide an advance on her meager salary. She needed money. Lots of it. There was no other way to get it. He was her last chance.

She watched as the guards picked up the phone and spoke rapidly in Greek to someone at the other end of the line. It took only moments before the phone was put down and she was handed a security badge and shown to a private elevator.

The ride up to the thirtieth floor was terrifying, the bitter taste of fear stinging her throat. In contrast to the heat of the outdoors, the air conditioner made her shiver. Or was that more of the fear, she wondered.

This had to work, she reminded herself. She had rehearsed her speech so many times, but would it work? Would he listen to her? Was there a scrap of compassion left within the man? If not, she was wasting her time and she was in more trouble than she could imagine. Because she'd spent the last of her savings on the ticket out here. She'd bet everything on the hope that she could somehow get through to Dimitri. If she didn't, all would be lost and she'd be devastated.

Besides, he had billions! Surely he could spare some for her. She'd never asked for anything. Not during their two year marriage, nor afterwards. When she realized her circumstance, she'd just slipped off, knowing she'd never be the wife he needed her to be.

The doors opened and she shivered again in fear. This was it. Her last chance. She had to convince him or all would be lost. And there was so much to lose! Darrin lay in a hospital bed, waiting for a miracle and she had to get it for him. There was just no other option.

"Good afternoon, Mrs. Christoph," an efficient woman greeted her in English. "Mr. Christoph is waiting. If you'll follow me," she said and turned to walk down the hallway.

The carpeting was thick and green, the walls were in expensive paneling with muted lighting spaced perfectly to provide continuous light, but not be harsh. Despite the luxurious ambiance, Emma couldn't help but feel as if she was walking toward an execution.

The massive double wooden doors were open and Emma walked in, astounded by the panoramic view of Athens below her. She didn't hear the doors close behind her as she gazed out at the beautiful city, the heat glistening off the white buildings and the Acropolis in the distance.

"So the prodigal wife returns," a deep voice said. "To what do I owe this dubious honor?"

Emma visibly cringed at his words, her eyes snapping away from the peaceful scene outside the windows to search the massive office for the owner of that deep, velvety voice. She remembered that voice so well, but it had never spoken to her in anger or contempt. Only with words of love and compassion, or just passion. Soft words in the night that had heated her blood and stirred her desire to such a fever pitch, she would have done just about anything for the relief only he could provide.

The harshness of his tone today didn't bode well for her request. She couldn't give up though, no matter what the odds, she had to take them. Somehow she had to convince him.

Emma walked farther into the office and she didn't miss the fact that he didn't stand when she entered. That was definitely a bad thing. If Dimitri was anything, he had meticulous manners when he respected someone. The fact that he remained seated while she entered spoke volumes about his feelings toward her.

Squaring her shoulders, she smiled warmly, hoping she exuded a little bit of confidence. At least more than she was feeling, she told herself as she walked forward on shaking legs.

"Good afternoon, Dimitri. Thank you for seeing me without an appointment."

"Did I have a choice?" he asked, raising one eyebrow and twirling a gold pen in his long, elegant fingers. "You show up at the security desk and tell them you're my wife. What was I supposed to say? 'You must be mistaken, my wife left me four years ago with a curt note',?"

Emma looked at the carpet, standing awkwardly in front of his large, handsome desk. "It was necessary. Things....happened." She wasn't sure what to say but this was not how she had planned this interview. She tried to focus on her plan but her curiosity got the better of her. "Why didn't you file for divorce?"

Dimitri raised his eyebrows expressively. "Was I supposed to?"

Her words could barely form the words but she forced them out, as much for her own benefit as for his own. "Yes. I assumed you would."

"Is that why you didn't?"

Emma shrugged. She couldn't tell him that there was no way she could sever the tie that bound her to him. It was too precious to her. The questions such a statement would raise were too painful and she couldn't handle giving him the answers. The divorce would have to come from him. "Why didn't you?"

He shrugged slightly, as if the whole matter were of little consequence to him. "Because it wasn't convenient for me. Besides, having a wife, albeit an absent one, kept all the ambitious momma's at bay."

She tried to hide the hurt his words caused her. He acted as if their entire relationship had meant nothing to him but what was she supposed to expect? Was he supposed to walk in here and declare his undying love for her? To beg her to explain why she'd left and tell her that nothing mattered except the fact that they were back together?

Her face blanched as she realized that was exactly what she'd been hoping for. She loved this man more than life itself and she had been hoping he felt the same way. But that wasn't the case. She knew that and should never have disillusioned herself that he would need anything other than the perfect wife. One that didn't run away for no apparent reason as well. He'd never told her that he'd loved her during their marriage so why was she hoping he would do so now? It was a ridiculous fantasy.

Dimitri cursed under his breath and tossed his pen down onto the desk. "I suppose that's all in the past. What do you want Emma? Be quick about it. I have meetings this afternoon."

Emma felt as if she'd been slapped, but she couldn't let it stop her. She'd been to too many banks so this was really her last resort. Taking a deep breath, she pulled the papers out of the folder and placed them in front of him on his desk. "I know you don't think I deserve this, but I don't have any other place to turn to now. I was hoping you could help me out by co-signing on a loan for me."

Dimitri's hard black eyes sliced from the papers she'd handed him to her face. "What the hell do you mean? You went to a bank? For a loan?"

She tamped down the anger his response engendered within her. She had to maintain her calm. Everything rested on this meeting. It was too important. "Several, actually," she explained, smiling slightly in an effort to pacify his obvious anger. "But none would even consider loaning me the money until this last one."

He leaned back in his chair, shaking his head. "What was so special about the last one? Did you sell your delectable body to the bank teller as a bribe?"

Emma's face paled and she looked down, unable to hold his gaze any longer. "He made the connection to my last name and your company," she said softly. "He explained that he couldn't loan me the money without any collateral, but if you were willing to sign for it, guaranteeing the loan, it wouldn't be a problem."

A nerve started twitching in his forehead and Emma knew that this interview wasn't going the way she'd planned it. She'd deviated from her speech and was not as articulate as she could be. How was she supposed to anyway when all the old feelings came rushing back to her as soon as she'd seen him? He was too gorgeous, too dark and dangerous while at the same time, she knew he was passionate and one of the most intelligent men she'd ever met in her life. Instantly upon entering the office, all of the old feelings she'd felt for him came rushing back to her and all she wanted to do was to cry on his shoulder and beg him for his forgiveness.

A nerve was twitching in his cheek and she could tell he was beyond furious with her. "Let me get this straight. You've gone to several banks and dragged the Christoph name through the mud, begging for money?"

Just as it had in the past, his anger seemed to spark her own. Emma's eyes flashed fire at his arrogant words. "I wasn't begging. I was asking for a loan! I'm willing to pay back every cent with interest. There was nothing illegal or unsavory in the request, despite your attempts to paint it black."

Dimitri glanced down at the loan documents and swore again. "How are you going to pay back this much money? And why would you need such a large sum?"

Emma crossed her hands over her stomach defensively. "I can't tell you." Remembering her father's reaction to Brian's condition, she knew that many men considered any frailty a weakness that was unacceptable. Her father had hated Brian, projecting a fear of catching the genetic deformity and rejecting his only son. Brian had shriveled up during the years he had lived at the house. When their mother had died, Brian had been moved out of the house, in the guise of helping him but it was really because Edward had hated any sign of weakness. Emma swore she would protect Brian from that kind of hurt again. Dimitri was just as tough and unmerciful as her father had been and Emma would never allow another person to hurt Brian. He'd been through too much already and after the way he'd taken her in four years ago, helping her to heal and become a human being again, she owed him more than she could ever repay. Getting the money for this surgery that could heal him was only a small way she could help.

His mouth twisted in a mocking version of a smile. "And yet you expect me to loan you the money?"

Her spine stiffened at his harsh words but she suppressed the anger, knowing it wouldn't help her argument. Keeping her tone as calm as possible she said, "No. I just want you to sign the papers. The bank will loan me the money and I'll pay it back."

His face showed his impatience. "You're being ridiculous, Emma. There's no way you can pay back this amount. You don't make that much money."

Her startled eyes looked up again, searching his face for answers to that question. "How do you know how much I make?"

Dimitri smiled but there was no amusement in the effort. "I know everything about you Emma. I know that you left me one afternoon four years ago and flew home to London. You left the security of your home and your husband, and ran straight into the arms of another man! You betrayed everything that was between us and didn't even have the dignity to offer an explanation. I know you now work in a dump of a book store and barely eek out a living. So cut the pretty little plea for money because you can't afford this kind of a monthly loan payment."

Emma was shaking violently by the end of his tirade. Dimitri rarely got angry. Why should he? The man was more powerful than anyone she'd ever known and had more money than just about anyone else in Europe. And he never raised his voice. He never had to. The people that worked for Christoph Shipping wouldn't dare to contradict him. At home, his servants bent over backwards trying to anticipate his every need, eager to please the man. And at work, only the best and brightest were employed and each of them were more than eager, terrified even, of crossing the man. He could be devastatingly charming when he wanted to. But he could also cut into a person with words that would leave them metaphorically and financially bleeding for years, decades even. No one crossed Dimitri Christoph. He was too powerful.

But beyond his charm and the power that came with his incomprehensible wealth, Dimitri projected sense of danger, it was an overwhelming aura that surrounded him. People literally moved out of the way when he walked down the street, and it had little to do with his security detail that surrounded him wherever he went. There was just something about Dimitri, an air of absolute confidence and power that people in general recognized. She should know. She'd fallen victim to his devastating personality from the first moment she'd met him.

Blinking, Emma sat down in the chair despite the fact that he hadn't offered her a seat. "You had me followed?" she asked, horrified by what he might have seen or what might have been reported back to him.

His anger was controlled but his frustration with her naivete rose up to make him roll his eyes. "You are my wife! Of course you were followed. You were followed every moment from the time I proposed. You were just unaware of it."

Emma had known that Dimitri's wealth meant he and everyone in his family was at risk of kidnapping. But she hadn't known that he'd put a security detail on her. It felt invasive, as if he were spying on her. She shivered and looked down at the carpeting so he couldn't see the anger in her eyes. "Well, that's all in the past. There's no reason for you to continue to have me followed. Call off your dogs and leave me alone."

Dimitri tssked. "Not very good powers of persuasion, Emma. If you want something from me, it isn't a good idea to issue orders. Besides, I never accepted them very well, did I?"

Emma's face flushed, knowing he was referring to their sex life. Too many nights, Dimitri would pull her into his arms and make love to her until she was begging for release, demanding it from him. But he would only take the feelings higher each time she demanded, waiting until she was writhing under him before he would give her what she needed.

"That was a long time ago," she said. "It has nothing to do with this conversation."

His face was hard and unrelenting as he said, "I'm not signing the papers, Emma. And I forbid you to go to another bank."

At the look of finality in his eyes, Emma's face almost broke down into tears. It was only with supreme effort that she held them at bay. She would let them fall when she was alone, not in front of this man who was staring at her as if she were a bug on his carpet, unworthy of even being crushed by his efforts.

She was defeated. This was her last recourse. He didn't have to worry about her going to another bank. There weren't any more that would even consider her loan. She'd been to the big ones and most of the medium sized ones. The smaller they got, the more strict they were on their lending requirements. It would be useless to try someone else. Dimitri had been her last resort and now even that was eliminated. She'd failed, and that failure hurt more than she realized it would. Brian would not be healed and it was all her fault.

She stood up and took a deep breath. She couldn't face him but she tried at least for the social niceties. "Thank you very much for seeing me. I'm sorry for bothering you." She turned to walked out, praying that she would make it to the door and to some sort of privacy before she broke down. The last thing she wanted was for this dynamic, powerful man to see her despair. After everything she'd gone through since leaving him, that would be the final humiliation.

She was almost to the door when his words stopped her. "But I have an alternative," he said smoothly. "Sit back down," he ordered.

Emma wanted to walk out, find a small, dark, private place to lick her wounds and heal. But she couldn't. Was he offering her a concession? If it was possible, she had to swallow her pride and accept it. This was all for Brian, she reminded herself. He'd given her so much, she had to find a way to give him something back. She carefully made her way back to the seat she'd just vacated, then waited tensely for him to continue.

Emma watched as he walked around the desk, moving toward a bar set off into the corner. He poured her a cup of steaming hot tea. As he handed her the beverage he said, "I'll give you the money."

Emma almost dropped the cup. If it hadn't been for Dimitri still balancing the hot liquid, she would have spilled it all down her legs. "Excuse me?"

Dimitri leaned against his desk, crossing his legs at the ankles and looking sexier than any man had a right to. "You heard me properly."

Emma looked at his face hopefully. "Why would you do that?"

"Because I want something from you, of course." At her startled expression, he laughed harshly. "Yes, Emma, the world is a cruel and hard place and you don't get something for nothing. No one ever does," he said harshly.

Emma swallowed and she heard the tea cup start to rattle as her hands began shaking again. "You want a divorce," she said, barely able to get the words out of her mouth. She hated the idea but knew it was for the best.

"On the contrary. This would require our marriage to remain intact. At least for a little while longer."

Emma relaxed slightly, but her confusion was written all over her face. "I'm afraid I don't understand."

"I want children."

Emma froze with the tea cup halfway to her mouth. She slowly lowered the cup back down and placed it on the table in front of her. "Excuse me?" she asked, unable to look at him as the pain seared through her heart. His words were like a knife slicing into her skin and leaving her open and in pain.

"You heard me correctly. I want children and I've waited long enough to have them. You want money, an extremely large amount," he pointed out, glancing back at the documents still on his desk, "so we have something to exchange."

"I can't," she whispered, her throat constricting on the words. She hated saying them, hated how the words made her feel. It was almost as if saying them out loud made her predicament real and less of a woman. She couldn't even look up at him, afraid of what he might see in her.

There was a long moment of silence before Dimitri said, "Then you will never get this money," he replied harshly.

Emma's mouth dropped open and she could feel her heart constrict. "Why?"

Dimitri was already walking away. "Why should I? You give me nothing, you get nothing. That's the way the world works."

She watched his broad shoulders and knew that he wasn't going to give in. There was nothing to lose. A part of her rebelled at her next words, but there was no other option. "Fine."

Dimitri looked back at her. "You're accepting?" His eyes showed no emotion but he was still as he watched her face.

Emma ignored the guilt she felt and continued on. Surely she'd be forgiven in this circumstance? It was all for Brian. She owed him. "Yes. But I have to have the money immediately."

Dimitri walked slowly back to the chair to stand directly in front of her. "I want you acting as my wife the entire time. You'll live with me and travel with me. It won't be like last time when you get to stay at the house. If you're going to provide me with a child, then you're going to have to present the image of the happy wife so there is no question about the legitimacy of the child. And I won't have my parents or family know about the arrangement."

"Fine," she said, stifling the urge to cry. "But there has to be a time limit. After all, we lived together as husband and wife for two years and I wasn't using anything to prevent a pregnancy during that time." There, she'd said it. She'd gotten her warning out and if he didn't pay attention to it, then it wasn't her fault. "When can I have the money?"

His cynicism was written all over his face. "Aren't you the mercenary negotiator all of a sudden? I don't remember you being this monetarily focused when we were together the first time."

She was able to suppress the cringe that time, but she persevered. "I apologize if I come across that way, but the money is urgently needed." She inhaled sharply and continued, "Back on the subject of a time limit, how about one month?"

"One month to conceive?" He laughed harshly and stepped closer to her. "I don't think that's very fair. You just pointed out that we were apparently trying for two years with no success," he leaned in slightly and winked as he said, "although I wasn't as dedicated to the task as I will be going forward."

Emma's lips compressed in frustration and fear as the memories of their sex life returned. If she were being completely honest with herself, they'd never really left. At least once a week, she woke up breathing heavily, in the throes of a dream where Dimitri was making love to her again. At least it was only once a week now. Before it had been every night and she'd wake up crying, desperate to feel his arms around her. "We'll go to a fertility clinic and they'll do what they can to speed things along."

Dimitri laughed and this time it was full of humor. "Ah, no, my dear. We'll be doing things the old fashioned way. I liked it just fine before." He glanced down at her breasts where the tips were already visible and ready for his touch. "And I can see that you are anticipating that aspect as well."

Her arms instantly came up to cover her breasts, embarrassed that she'd reacted so instantaneously to just the thought of making love with Dmitri again. "No! I'm not. I don't want to have sex with you." She couldn't. Walking away from him the first time had been awful. Doing it twice might kill her, she thought to herself. She still loved this man with all her heart and soul, even though he had every right to be angry with her. And when this was all over and done with, he'd be even more angry. He'd realize that she had lied to him, knowingly and still took his money. If there was any alternative, she would grab it but at the moment, he was her only hope.

"But you want the money."

"I need the money, yes," she clarified, emphasizing the need versus the want part of the statement. "But I have a job and a life back in London. If I can't get pregnant," she said, taking a deep breath, "then there has to be an end to my service to you."

She saw the muscle twitch in his jaw and knew that he was furious. "One year."

"Two months," she countered immediately.

"Nine."

"Six."

"Done," he said and walked away. "You'll have to have a pregnancy test first. I'm not going to allow you to pass off another man's child as my own."

Emma turned her face away as if he'd slapped her but regrouped quickly. "I'll agree to that. But as soon as I've proven that I'm not pregnant, you'll transfer the money?"

"Deal." Chapter 2

Shocked, Emma could hardly believe she'd just made such a bargain. Had she completely lost her mind? There was no backing out though. She had to go through with it.

"Good. I'll have my gynecologist send you confirmation. I should be able to get an appointment within the week." She started to walk toward his office door, desperate now for a breath of fresh air. She wasn't sure how she was going to get back to London, but she'd hitch hike if she had to. She was going to get the money! Her heart was singing with joy that she could finally provide Brian with the operation. It was risky, but it was also hope that he might be able to walk again. That was all that mattered now. Her life had ended the moment she'd seen the slip of paper in the gynecologist's office four years ago. It had ended all her happiness. It was Brian's turn to live. She hurried her feet, needing to put some space between this man and her body that wanted only him.

"Not going to work, Emma," he said, the words stopping her in her tracks. He waited until she turned around to face him before saying, "I'm not allowing you to go back to that man's arms." Walking around his desk, he picked up his phone. "Zora, please call Danio Abitzi and tell him I'm bringing my wife to see him. We should be there in fifteen minutes."

Emma's breath caught in her throat. "You want me to see a doctor now?" she asked, terrified of what the doctor might find.

Dimitri raised one eyebrow. "Yes. Immediately. Is that a problem?" She could see the anger building in his body, could sense him bracing for bad news and she wished she could reach out and hold him, tell him the truth. But that wouldn't work. She wouldn't get the money, there was no solution to her problem and he needed a wife that could give him children, and it wouldn't be her. Emma knew that was pretty much impossible.

Emma bit her lower lip and shook her head. She could feel her heart racing and the blood pounding in her head. Surely the doctor wouldn't be able to tell from a pregnancy test, would he? She preceded Dimitri out of his office, her purse clenched in her hands so tightly her knuckles were white. The short drive in the limousine was painful as she sat next to Dimitri, feeling his heat next to her on the luxurious leather seats, knowing what a passionate man he was, how they'd spent several other rides in the back of the limousine before she'd left. It was painful, but she pushed the memories aside, knowing she'd need to concentrate to get through the next half hour.

The doctor who greeted them was nice and friendly and he immediately brought them back to an examining room, then listened intently as Dimitri explained what he wanted.

"Of course. If all you want is a blood test, that is no problem," he said.

"No. I want absolute assurance that there is no child currently," Dimitri said.

The doctor smiled benignly. "The blood tests now are so accurate, they can detect a pregnancy only days after conception. It is the most accurate way to determine a possible pregnancy."

"Fine. Let's get it over with," Dimitri snapped, watching Emma the whole time.

Emma barely flinched when the nurse drew blood although she had to breathe heavily to avoid fainting. She hated blood and couldn't look down at her arm or she knew she'd pass out. A band aid was applied and, while she and Dimitri waited in the doctor's private office, the nurse ran the test. Ten minutes later, the doctor returned and shook his head. "There is no pregnancy at this time." He sat down behind his desk and laced his fingers. "I'm assuming that the two of you are going to try to conceive, is that correct?" he waited until Dimitri nodded before continuing. "You understand the best time to become pregnant?" he asked, looking directly at Emma.

"Yes," she said, knowing with certainty. She was tense, waiting to see if the doctor would say anything else that the blood test might have shown.

"Good. Then come back in a few weeks and we'll see if the results of the next test are different," he chuckled and stood up, shaking Dimitri's hand. "Good luck, my friend," he said heartily.

"Thank you."

Dimitri led her out of the doctor's office and back down to the limousine still waiting out in front of the building. Emma almost wilted with relief as she leaned back against the leather seat. Closing her eyes, she said a silent prayer before opening them again. She looked right into the eyes of her husband.

"Relieved?"

The relaxation was gone. "I wasn't worried about the results of a pregnancy test," she said honestly.

"You could have fooled me," he replied. "So you don't have a babe from some other bastard. We can proceed with our deal." He retrieved a cell phone from the breast pocket of his suit jacket and spoke rapidly in Greek to someone. After several minutes, he said, "What's your account number?"

Emma shrugged. "I'm sorry, I don't know it off the top of my head."

"Do you have a checkbook?" he asked impatiently. "Yes."

"Give it to me," he snapped.

Emma pulled it out of her purse and handed it to him. Dimitri read off the numbers at the bottom of her check, then snapped the phone shut and looked at her. "My end of the deal is done. The money will be wired into your account by the end of the day."

The relief that poured through Emma with his words was like a soothing tonic, eliminating all of her aches and pains. It was instantaneous and she had to fight back the tears of happiness. "Thank you," was all she could say. "I can't believe it was that easy," she said softly, looking out the window so he couldn't see the excitement on her face. He would question it and there was no way she could tell him about the surgery and the hope for her brother. She had to protect Brian. If everything turned out okay, then she might tell Dimitri. But that would be years in the future. Brian had to learn how to walk again and Emma had no idea how long that would take.

"No need to thank me. A deal is a deal. Where are you staying?"

Emma looked down at her hands, still fighting the urge to sing with happiness and relief. "Um...I didn't book a hotel. I'll get a flight out tonight."

Dimitri sat back and smiled triumphantly. "Not anymore," he said. "Would you like to call and cancel the flight reservation?"

Emma glanced up at him nervously. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, I've done my part of the deal. I expect you to follow through with your end. Starting immediately."

He couldn't mean he wanted to start having a baby immediately, could he? "What are you planning?" she asked.

Dimitri looked over her bright sun dress. "Well, as delectable as you look in that yellow dress, you'll need something more appropriate for tonight. I have a dinner meeting with several business associates for dinner tonight. Since you accepted the agreement, you can act as hostess. But you'll need something better than that dress. The attire is formal. There are many more dinner parties that you will be required to oversee."

She relaxed slightly with that news. "Oh, you only need me to preside over a dinner party?'

"For starters," he replied.

The limousine stopped a moment later at one of the exclusive boutiques in Athens. Immediately, Emma was taken to the back of the store and treated like a princess. She had clothes brought to her in all different styles and colors. By the end of an hour, Emma had over twenty new outfits for every time of the day. "That's enough," she finally said to the store owner. "I think this is adequate." She was shaking her head as she walked out of the dressing room and stopped immediately when she saw Dimitri sitting in one of the silk covered chairs talking on his cell phone. He looked so much like a powerful tiger, she was amazed.

"Ready to move on?" he asked as soon as he saw her standing at the entrance.

"Yes," she said, unsure of how much 'enough' meant to him. She remembered their marriage and Dimitri entertained quite a bit. During that period, his mother had presided over the meals and Emma had felt useless and overshadowed. She didn't blame his mother at all. She was the sweetest woman and constantly went out of her way to make Emma feel welcome. It was just that Sophia, Dimitri's mother, was an amazing hostess. Emma had never felt as if she could take the reigns and control the parties.

"The outfits will be delivered to you in an hour," he said but he didn't appear to be interested in clothing in any way. "You'll need to get a little color back into your face before tonight's event. I don't want anyone thinking I'm married to a ghost, even though you did a great vanishing act several years ago."

Emma's jaw dropped and she watched with resentment as he pulled out his cell phone and started talking in another language. Emma sat there and stewed with resentment but then she remembered that her money problems were taken care of. She only had to deal with this man for six months and she would be free and Brian would possibly be healed.

Emma had no doubt that she would be on a plane back to London in six month's time. Looking over at Dimitri who was not paying her any attention, she ached with the emotions she felt for him. No, she'd never gotten over him. She knew he probably hated her and he had every right to. She'd left him with only a note. No goodbye, nothing. All those years ago, she had been unable to face him after seeing the news that she was pretty much infertile. Endometriosis had contaminated her body, apparently the masses so thick they should have killed her. The painful periods and intense bleeding hadn't started yet, but according to the information she'd read about when her prognosis had been discovered, she knew that the disease was progressive.

Instead of thinking about her horrible, lonely future, she looked out the window of the limousine. The sights of Athens were too wonderful to ignore. She wanted desperately to stop them, but as the car drove past the narrow streets and white washed houses, the memories came flooding back.

Chapter 3

Six Years Ago

The summer air was hot and humid as she walked across the street. Pulling her hair off her neck, Emma pulled the guidebook out of her bag, wondering what she was going to see next. There were so many things, she couldn't believe her friends only wanted to stay at the hotel and sunbathe by the pool. It was hot, true, which was their primary complaint. But this was a once in a lifetime opportunity. Who knew when they would have the time to visit Greece again?

She ran her finger down the page, biting her lower lip in concentration. The shadow came out of no where and she didn't have time to react.

Feeling herself falling was her first impression. The next, as the sky came into view as well as the top of the tall building, was that something very hard was stopping her. Closing her eyes, Emma braced herself to hit the concrete reaching her hands out in order to break her fall.

All of a sudden, she was no longer falling backwards, but was pulled up hard against a massive chest. There was also a steel band wrapped behind her that was pressing the air out of her lungs. Opening her eyes, hoping to figure out how to get away from the steel trap and breathe some air but her heart stopped at the image before her. The man holding her, preventing her from falling, was definitely the most handsome man she'd ever seen in her life. And he was tall, she thought. She felt her feet on the ground and the top of her head barely reached his shoulder.

He muttered something in Greek and held her until she was steady again but Emma could no more take her eyes off of his handsome, dark face with blackest black hair and black eyes, than she could turn off the sun.

"Are you okay?" the man asked in English.

Blushing, Emma realized that she was still gripping the lapels of his suit in her fists. "Oh!" she gasped and took a step backwards, instantly releasing his lapels. "I'm so sorry," she said, then stepped forward to smooth the luxurious fabric back into place. As soon as her hand touched him, she felt as if a jolt of electricity had gone through her. She was shivering all over and her mouth was suddenly dry. Looking up, she was captured by his eyes. She felt as if they could read her mind and her cheeks turned a brighter pink.

She quickly stepped backwards again, breaking the eye contact as she looked down at the cement sidewalk. "I'm sorry. That was very clumsy of me."

"My pleasure," his deep voice replied and it reminded her of smooth, rich chocolate. "Please, be clumsy any time I'm walking by," he said, a devastatingly handsome smile on his face. "You are British?" he said without a trace of an accent.

"Yes. I'm here on holiday," she explained, uselessly it seemed as a bulky man with dark sunglasses handed her the tour book she'd dropped during the collision.

"Where are you off to now?" he asked.

Emma bit her lip and looked up at him shyly, then quickly glanced away. "I hadn't decided. I just left the Acropolis and was not paying very much attention, I'm afraid."

"Perhaps I could give you some recommendations," he suggested.

Emma smiled brightly and met his gaze again, sure he wasn't as handsome as she'd first imagined. "Oh, that would be wonderful. There's so much to see and I don't have much time left," she gushed, realizing with her second look that yes, he was gorgeous.

"Perhaps it would be better if we were to get out of the heat," he suggested. "I would be more than happy to have my driver take you somewhere."

Emma looked back at the long, black car that was waiting at the curb, the driver patiently waiting with the door open. "Oh, well, I don't think that would be a very good idea," she said, remembering all the stories of girls who had been kidnapped in the news in the past several years.

The husky laugh filled her with a warm sense of belonging. "I assure you I am not going to torture you."

Emma's cheeks turned red yet again, wondering how this man could read her mind so easily. "I wasn't thinking that at all," she lied.

"Of course you were. And you are right to be cautious. But perhaps my security detail might make you more comfortable," he suggested.

Emma laughed, her eyes looking at him merrily as she shook her head. "Actually, they only make me think it would be easier to dispose of my body after you've killed me," she teased and was rewarded by the renewed glint of humor in his eyes.

"Touche," he returned. "But let me assure you that the real threat is for kidnapping. And I don't intend to kidnap you," he paused meaningfully, "unless it is to take you to dinner. Perhaps you would be free tonight?" he asked.

Emma's smile widened with delight, a warm emotion gushing through her whole body. "That would be lovely," she said. She couldn't believe a man this gorgeous and obviously wealthy would be interested in her but she wasn't going to question her good luck. He was just too amazing to turn down.

"Good. Then might I suggest that you walk down two more streets and turn left. There is a wonderful museum not on the beaten path, so to speak, which is filled with Greek artifacts. The descriptions are also in English so you shouldn't have much trouble. After that, stop by the cantina beside the museum and have a coffee and some calamari. It is the best in the city. Once you have finished there, take a cab to this street," he said, taking out a business card and writing down a name. "You will find that this museum is also very interesting. After that, go back to your hotel to rest. I'll meet you at the restaurant written here," he said and handed her the card, "and I will see you at dinner."

Emma felt like a silly school girl as she took the card but she couldn't stop smiling. The man was just too amazingly gorgeous and charming. "Thank you," she said, hoping she didn't blush again.

"Please let me treat you to the afternoon," he suggested and pulled off several bills, handing them to her.

Emma was horrified. "Goodness, no. Thank you for the ideas but I can't take your money," she said, pushing his hand back away.

He captured her hand and placed the money in hers, curling the fingers around the bills. "It would give me great pleasure to think of you enjoying the afternoon on me. I will be in boring meetings but will remember your lovely blue eyes," he said, his finger running down the side of her face, gently touching her skin and lighting it on fire as well.

"I...I can't. I don't feel comfortable taking someone's money," she said. "Especially since I've only just met you." Her eyes widened and she said, "Actually, I haven't really met you, have I? My name is Emma," she said, sticking her hand out politely.

"My name is Dimitri," he replied, taking her small hand in both of his large one, his long fingers wrapping around her hand and wrist, holding her for longer than necessary. As for the money, you will take it in this one instance," he said firmly. "And I'll see you at eight o'clock tonight. Take a cab since you won't allow me to pick you up."

Emma stepped back and watched as the man ducked into the limousine. Within moments, he was gone.

money he'd given her.

Staring down at her hand, she gasped when she saw how much

It was several hundred euros! Good grief - this was how much her entire trip was costing and he wanted her to spend it all in one day?

Quickly stuffing the money into her purse, she looked down at the business card and smiled in anticipation. She almost skipped down the street as her excitement took over.

After a wonderful afternoon exploring the museums he had suggested, Emma strolled home through the afternoon sunshine, her mind going through the outfits she'd brought with her, trying to figure out which would be best for the night with her handsome stranger. That evening, Emma wished her friends a good night, then headed out of her hotel. She knew how to get to the restaurant, having asked the hotel desk clerk for directions. It was early, only seven o'clock, but it was a lovely evening and she would enjoy the walk as she watched the sun set over the horizon. She wasn't sure how long it would take to get there, but she wasn't spending any of the money Dimitri had given her, all of it was safely tucked away in an envelope, ready to return to him. There was no way she could accept his money, regardless of what he asked.

She arrived at the restaurant a half hour early, glad that the walk hadn't been too long. Sitting outside in the late evening sunshine, she found a bench and simply watched the sun set, lighting the sea on fire as it descended. The air was dry and there were no clouds in the sky, so the rays of the sun shot out over the buildings before disappearing behind the horizon. It was almost exactly eight o'clock when she stood up and walked the last block to the restaurant and sure enough, Dimitri was waiting for her at the bar, standing up to greet her when she walked in.

Emma looked around at the elegant restaurant, then smoothed the cotton of her best summer dress down over her stomach and hips self-consciously. "I'm sorry," she said as soon as he walked over to greet her. "I didn't realize how inappropriate this dress would be," she explained, noting the beautiful cocktail dresses on the other female patrons which contrasted dramatically with her drab looking outfit.

"You look lovely," he assured her. "But if you feel uncomfortable, would you like to go somewhere else? There's a good seafood restaurant about a block away. It is more casual," he said.

Emma surveyed his immaculate dark suit with the crisp white shirt and shook her head. "No, then you would feel odd in your suit. I'll be fine," she said, taking the purse strap off her shoulder and tucking the inexpensive bag under her arm as if she were hiding it.

In response, Dimitri loosened his tie, then whipped it off his neck. "Come along," he said, chuckling at her expression. "I can dress down easily." He took her hand in his and led her out of the overwhelming elegance. He tossed his tie to a body guard standing outside, then took off his jacket as well, tossing it to another waiting guard. "This way," he said and walked down the street.

"How did you like the museums?" he asked as they walked along the sidewalk amidst the other late evening revelers.

"Oh, they were wonderful," she said enthusiastically. "I can't believe how old some of the items were. The Etruscan artifacts were simply amazing," she gushed, referring to the pre-Roman art that had been discovered in Greece several centuries earlier. She talked about the various art and urns, the importance of the items, how they date them and how wonderful everything was in general. "Thank you very much for your recommendation. I went back to the hotel later and tried to find out more about the museum but it wasn't listed in my guide book."

He shook his head. "It wouldn't be. The museum is new, only built about two years ago."

"How did you know about it?" she asked, looking up at him with only the dim sunlight illuminating his face.

They had arrived at the restaurant and the maitre'd took them immediately to a table on the outer edge of the balcony. Emma was grateful for the slight breeze that gently lifted her hair, cooling her heated skin as he looked across the table at her.

"I paid for it," he said simply.

Emma's eyes widened and she looked down at the menu. "Oh," was all she could say.

Dimitri laughed softly at her response. "And the calamari? Was it not the best? I've known the owner for years and he's always taken pride in his secret recipe for frying the rings."

Emma smiled shyly but she shook her head. "Actually, I didn't go to the restaurant," she explained then reached into her purse, taking out the envelope and sliding it across the table toward him. "Here. I can't take this from you," she said, then quickly picked up her menu again, hiding her face behind the large obstruction.

When she'd finally decided on what she wanted, and also felt safe to come out of hiding, she put the menu down and reached for her glass of water. "Emma, you didn't take a cab here, did you?"

Emma shook her head, grateful for the cold water as it slid down her throat.

"Why not?"

She shrugged her shoulders slightly. "Because I don't have the money for it. And I won't take your money. I barely know you. I don't even know your last name. I'm afraid I can't take money from a man I don't know."

Dimitri smiled and shook his head. "You're one of a kind, Emma. But from now on, you'll take a cab when you come to meet me somewhere or you will permit me to pick you up. I promise not to molest you."

Emma took another sip and blushed, the idea of him molesting her had a certain amount of appeal, if she finally found out what it would be like to be kissed by this man. She'd been thinking about his mouth all day long, wondering if he would be soft and gentle. He probably would be, she sighed happily. He seemed like a very nice man.

She heard his soft chuckle and her eyes snapped back to his. "Unless you'd like me to, that is."

Emma blushed painfully and tried to smile but the man was too overwhelming. And how could he read her thoughts so accurately? "No. I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Tell me more about your day," he said, pouring the wine into her glass that had just been delivered.

They talked about her day, the sights in Athens, and the things to see outside of Athens for hours. She had no idea how many bottles of wine they went through but she knew it was late when she looked up to see that they were the last people in the restaurant. "Goodness," she gasped. "I think we should get out of here," she said, already rising and pulling out her wallet. "Here, let me pay for my half of the meal. How much was it?" she asked.

Dimitri also rose and pulled out his wallet. "I will not permit you to pay for dinner, Emma," he said, tossing several large bills onto the table.

"Please tell me dinner wasn't that expensive," she said, horrified by the amount of money on the table.

"Of course not," he said and put a hand on her shoulder to turn her away. "Don't worry about it anyway."

"Don't worry about it?" she asked, looking over her shoulder, trying to count the money. Just the amount she'd counted was more than he'd given her earlier in the day and there were more large bills under that. "I'm sorry, I didn't know that we were drinking that much wine. I'll be more careful in the future," she said, allowing him to guide her out of the restaurant.

Dimitri chuckled. "I can afford to take you out to dinner, Emma. Please don't worry about the expense.'

They were outside by this time and Emma couldn't maintain eye contact with him. "Will you allow me to drive you home?" he asked. "Or do I put you into a cab?"

Emma shook her head at the first words. "Please, you don't have to worry about me. I can get home on my own," she said, her eyes revealing her anxiety over the large amount of money he was trying to hand to her.

Dimitri couldn't help it. He laughed outright, pulling her into his arms and hugging her gently. "Emma, I can't get over what a selfless person you are. Are you real?" he asked softly.

Emma looked up at him, not sure what was so funny but the feeling of being in his arms was even more overwhelming than she'd expected. She could barely breathe as she stared up into his handsome face, feeling the muscles of his chest through his immaculate white shirt. Her fingers were aching to explore, but more than that, she wanted him to kiss her. Her eyes couldn't move away from his mouth, wondering what it would be like.

"Nothing about this evening is real," she whispered, licking her own lips.

Dimitri stopped and looked down at her. Slowly, painfully slowly, he lowered his lips, holding her in his arms against his body as his mouth gently covered hers. As far as Emma was concerned, the whole world had lost reality as her mind spun away, focused only on this moment, his lips, this kiss. It was everything she'd hoped but nothing like she could have anticipated. His mouth was warm, hot even, as it covered hers, teasing, tempting, nibbling on her mouth.

Emma had been kissed before, but never had anything felt this incredible, this wild, this overwhelming. Her arms crept up, moving around his neck, her fingers lacing through his thick hair. His hands were resting on her waist but the heat coming through to her skin was making her wriggle. The more she tried to stop herself from moving, the harder it became.

He lifted his mouth from hers and looked down into her face. Emma's eyes fluttered open and she inhaled shakily, wanting to step back out of his arms, assuming that was the right thing to do, but not wanting to move, not sure if she even could. She saw the quick flash of surprise on his face before he quickly masked it and wondered about it but words would not form in her mind.

"I think I should take you home," he said, his voice deep, with a hint of humor in it.

The humor was what broke through to her consciousness. She quickly pulled out of his arms, aware of how inexperienced she was compared to him. "I'm sorry," she said and glanced down at the pavement. "Thank you for dinner. It was wonderful," she said and pulled her purse over her shoulder.

Dimitri sighed and took her hand. "Come along, Emma," he said and handed her into the limousine despite her protests. "Emma, it is after two o'clock in the morning. You're never going to be able to catch a cab at this time of the night, and I'm not allowing you to walk home. So be a good girl and get into the car," he said softly, but firmly.

Emma ducked into the back, worried about the word, "girl". Is that how he saw her? As young and inexperienced? She'd dated, several guys, she thought indignantly. Where did he get off calling her a "girl"? She took a seat and crossed her arms over her chest, irritated now and wondering how she could convince him that she wasn't as pathetic as she'd appeared to be during that first kiss.

They were already at her hotel before she could figure out a way to show him that she was a woman. Biting her lip, she felt discouraged and deflated. Standing on the sidewalk outside the entrance, she felt him get out behind her and turned to face him. "Thank you again for dinner. I really enjoyed it," she said politely.

"You're welcome," he replied. He didn't make a move to kiss her again, but took her hand in his, kissing her knuckles gently.

She was about to turn and leave but she just couldn't leave him with his current impression. "Dimitri," she started, only to stop when he turned and faced her.

"Yes?" he prompted.

Indecision almost overwhelming her, she decided to just dive in and tell him what she needed to say. "I know...back there at the restaurant...well, I'm not a child," she rushed out. "I'm not as inexperienced as you think."

Dimitri looked at the lovely woman trying bravely to stand up to him and he knew he should just walk away. But she had occupied his mind all afternoon and there was just no getting around the fact that he wanted her. He couldn't have her, he knew. She was innocent and he was far from it. But nor could he just walk away. There was something about her that he needed, wanted, must have. Walking up so she was less than an inch from him, he looked down into her beautiful eyes, trying to scare her. "You're not?"

"No."

"You should be running away from me right now."

Emma inhaled slightly, smelling the essence of him that was spicy but definitely male. "I won't."

"You should."

Shaking her head, she said, "I can't."

Dimitri knew he should ignore her. He should just get into the car and drive away, forget about her. But instead, he bent low, his mouth taking possession of hers while his hand slipped into her hair, holding her head in place while his mouth ravaged hers, doing to her what he'd wanted to do earlier. This time, he didn't hold anything back, giving her all of the passion she stirred within him. He could feel her trembling against him but he also felt her pulse where his thumb rested against her neck. When her arms moved up around his neck and her body moved against his, he was lost. He held her closely, pulling her harder against the length of him, letting her feel what she did to his body while his tongue delved into her mouth, exploring, tasting and finding the honey he knew was inside her.

Groaning, he pulled away and looked down at her expression. Everything she was feeling was written on her face and he could no more stop the next words from coming from his mouth than he could stop breathing. "Have dinner with me tomorrow," he said. "I'll send a car for you."

"Okay," she said, happily.

"Good night, Emma," he growled and pushed her gently toward the entrance. Chapter 4

Emma barely slept that night and when she did finally drift off, she dreamt of a tall, powerful Greek man who was slowly undressing her, making her squirm with delight and pleasure.

She woke to her friends squealing in excitement. Looking at the clock, she realized it was already ten o'clock in the morning. Sitting up, she watched dazedly as her roommates carried a large, red box to her, placing it on her lap.

"What's this?" she asked, yawning deeply and pushing the pillow behind her so she could sit in the bed more comfortably.

"That's what we'd like to know," Doris said, her friend from school who had convinced her to take the trip with the other two friends.

Emma's eyes widened as she read the tag attached to the giant bow. "It's for me?"

"Yes, silly. Doesn't the tag say so? We're all intrigued," Lisbeth said.

Emma picked up the tag and read the words although they were a little blurry due to a lack of sleep on her part. "This will fit the ambiance. D." She blinked in an attempt to clear the fuzziness from her eyes and her brain, then re-read the tag again, just to make sure she wasn't just imagining the words. Even the second time, they still said the same thing.

Three sets of eyes blinked in confusion. "What does that mean?" Doris asked.

"I'll bet it has something to do with the fact that she didn't get to bed until three am. Is that right?" Betty asked, smiling hopefully.

Emma laughed, memories of the night before coming back to her. "Yes. Dimitri and I stayed out late talking."

Doris' expression showed her cynicism for the talking portion of the evening. "Uh, huh. And now he sends you something in a huge red box. Spill the beans, sweety!" Doris demanded, bouncing onto the other side of her for a better look at whatever was inside.

Emma laughed at her friends' excitement but gave in to her own curiosity by pulling at the large, red satin bow. Opening the box, she tossed the cover over to the end of the bed and pulled the white tissue paper away.

"Wow!" Lisbeth gasped, eyeing the gorgeous red dress Emma pulled out of the tissue with awe.

"I'll say," Betty replied. "Who is this bloke?"

"He's a very nice gentleman," Emma replied, standing up to look in the mirror, pulling the dress out of the box and laying it against her figure. It was exactly the right size and coloring for her although she'd never worn red before.

"Nice doesn't cover it," Betty said, eyeing the dress jealously. "Where did you meet him? Give us all the details."

Emma explained how she'd met Dimitri yesterday by literally running into him on the sidewalk. Her friends were oohing and ahhing about the whole story as they pulled on their bathing suits. "What are you doing?" Emma asked when she realized what they intended to wear. She was carefully putting the beautiful dress into the closet, careful to hang it gently on one of the hangers so it wasn't pinched by the other clothes.

"We're heading to the pool. Come on silly," Betty replied.

Emma was shocked that they would want to sit around by the hotel pool yet again when there were so many wonderful things to see in the city. They'd seemed interested when she'd told them about her day but obviously not enough to come with her today and explore more of the sites. She didn't understand. "To the pool? But we're in Greece. Don't you want to see some of this wonderful city while you're here?"

Lisbeth laughed but touched the delicate looking fabric of Emma's new dress as she passed to get a towel out of the bathroom. "Goodness no! I want to work on my tan. We can't come back from holiday looking exactly like we left. We have to have something to show for it."

Emma was frustrated when all three of them left their tiny hotel room and headed for the pool, none even remotely interested in sight seeing. She didn't understand the mentality that would drive people thousands of miles away and not explore the area. Instead of getting upset that they were deserting her once again, she simply shrugged and pulled on a pair of shorts, tee-shirt and walking shoes, then grabbed her purse and headed out. She was determined to get as much sight seeing in today as possible before being back at the hotel to get ready for her date with Dimitri.

She explored the Roman Market, and the Poseidon Temple which was just as amazing as the Acropolis but this time she could see the sea in the horizon. It was spectacular. From there, she traveled back to the Syntagma - the main square of Athens and she contented herself with going through some of the other museums that clustered in the heart of the city. Just as in the previous days, she was thrilled with the amount of ancient culture she was able to absorb.

By five o'clock, she walked back to the hotel. She was hot and sweaty, her hair sticking to her neck and she was pretty hungry, only having eaten a gyro sandwich from a curb side vendor earlier in the afternoon.

Her friends were back in the hotel and were all preparing for their evening out, having discovered a restaurant that came highly recommended for tourists. Betty helped with Emma's hair, pulling the curling tresses into a sophisticated twist but Emma resisted the urgings of everyone to put on more makeup. Instead, she applied only mascara, powder and a slightly darker shade of lipstick that matched the red dress better than her usual pinks.

The limousine was waiting in front of the hotel when she walked downstairs but she was disappointed when she stepped into the back seat and Dimitri wasn't there. She sat back and watched as the car drove to the harbor and Emma was shocked when she was directed to a private yacht instead of a restaurant. In fact, it wasn't just a yacht, she noticed as she made her way to the numbered dock. It was actually an enormous ship. A ship hand greeted her smartly when she walked up and helped her step onto the gangway.

"Mr. Christoph is awaiting your arrival in the prow, Ms. Mitchell." The man bowed slightly as he politely gave her the directions.

Emma walked carefully toward the front of the ship, wondering who owned the ship and hoping it wasn't Dimitri. If he owned this magnificent vessel, then she could consider him definitely out of her league. The man was powerful, obviously. But this kind of wealth was beyond even her imagination.

It took several minutes before she finally reached the front of the ship and when she saw him leaning against the railing, her breath literally caught in her throat. He was magnificent, dressed in pleated black slacks with a snowy white shirt, open at the collar. He looked both casual as well as extremely elegant. And dangerous, powerful and overwhelming as well as all those other words that seemed to pop into her head whenever she looked or thought about him.

She must have made a sound because he turned at that moment and saw her. She was too far away still to see his eyes, but she suspected that he liked her in the dress. He pushed away from the railing and walked over to her and Emma couldn't banish the idea that he was a panther, stalking his prey, which would be her.

Should she let him catch her? The idea of making love with this man was tempting. She'd never even considered having sex with any of the men she'd met before, preferring to wait until the right man came along. But if Dimitri wasn't the right man, she didn't know who would fit the bill. He was tall, gorgeous, charming and muscular. And she wanted him.

"Good evening," he said, picking up her hands and kissing both, then turning them over to kiss her palms as well. "I'm glad you like the dress."

Emma shivered, both from the words as well as his hands on her palms. It was incredibly sensuous to feel his lips there. "It's beautiful," she said, wishing she could sound sophisticated and glamorous. She suspected she only sounded childish. Clearing her throat, she smiled broadly. "I'm not even going to ask you how you knew my size," she said.

Dimitri laughed and shook his head. "Don't worry too much about it. I've been thinking about your delectable figure since you ran into me yesterday," he explained.

"Oh," Emma replied, blushing painfully.

That blush only made Dimitri laugh again and Emma pulled herself up, trying desperately to not appear childish around him. "Well, you're not so bad yourself," she quipped.

Dimitri winked and pulled her hand through his arm. pulled a bottle of champagne out of a holder filled with ice. offered.

He led her forward and "Something to drink?" he

"That would be lovely," she said.

"Tell me what you saw today," he replied as he expertly popped the cork and poured the liquid into a long, fluted glass.

Emma went into details about the museums and the items she liked the most. He asked her questions and gave her more information about the pieces and Emma was amazed at his historical knowledge. "How do you know so much about Greece and its past?" she asked, sipping the icy liquid thirstily.

Dinner was delicious and she relaxed as they talked about their past. Emma's growing years were diametrically different from Dimitri's. She was an only child and both of her parents died two years ago. Dimitri, on the other hand, had four sisters, all younger than himself and both of his parents were very involved with their children's lives. His father had run the Christoph shipping empire until he retired five years ago when Dimitri took over, having worked there all his life. Emma was fascinated when he revealed that he'd started working on the docks as a teenager. He'd worked in the accounting department through college and then as a junior executive, earning his way to the CEO's position instead of simply inheriting it as other wealthy family's usually do.

Emma had no idea what she ate, more interested in the conversation. She felt both relaxed and energized by Dimitri and he made her laugh at his stories of having so many sisters. They were all married now and Dimitri was proud when he told her of his six nieces and nephews, one or two of whom could always be found at his parents' house, regardless of the day or time of the week.

Sitting on one of the sofas sipping brandy, Emma felt Dimitri pull her closer. She went willingly into his arms, sighing at the idea that he was finally going to kiss her, something she'd wanted him to do ever since she'd arrived that night.

Emma remembered the previous evening when he'd noticed her lack of experience and was determined to show him that she wasn't as innocent as he thought she was. Of course, in reality, she was. But she wanted to change that. She imitated everything he did until she was unable to think anymore. Dimitri's tongue slipped between her lips and that was the end of conscious thought. His tongue tasted the sweet inside of her mouth, showing her what to do without him even knowing he was teaching her.

His hand slipped higher and Emma was so absorbed in the new feelings, she didn't hear the zipper slide down her back. When the cool air hit her naked breasts, she was able to think for half a second but then Dmitri's hand covered her right breast and her head fell back against his arm, her nipple pebbling under his palm. "Dimitri!" she cried out and almost whimpered when his mouth took the place of his mouth. The fingers that had been tangling in his black hair gripped the strands now. The torment was so intense, she tried pulling his head back. But as soon as her breast was free of his tender ministrations, she wanted it back for more torment.

When she felt his fingers against her thigh, Emma shivered in delight. Opening her thighs wider, she allowed his fingers entrance to the place no other man had been. Almost with the first touch, Emma's body tightened and then exploded and Emma cried out as her first orgasm washed over her. With her eyes closed, she slowly drifted down to earth, floating as if on a cloud. "So that's what it is all about," she sighed.

She felt as well as sensed the instant tension in Dimitri's shoulders. Her fingertips could feel the muscles tighten and she knew she'd said the wrong thing. Opening her eyes, she looked up into Dimitri's startled expression. "What's wrong?" she asked, instantly worried.

"Please tell me you're not a virgin, Emma," Dimitri said, but he already knew the answer and she couldn't lie to him, especially when he would find out soon enough.

"Yes," she struggled to say.

Dimitri laid his head on her shoulder and Emma sensed the struggle inside him. "I'll take you home," he said, quickly sitting up and pulling her into his arms. "I'm sorry, Emma. I knew you were inexperienced but I had no idea that you were completely innocent."

Emma trembled in his arms, wishing very much that she could take back those words of bliss. Unfortunately, they were out and she felt her dress being placed back on her shoulders, the zipper sliding up the back. "Dimitri, please don't do this. I don't want to go home. I want to stay here with you and understand more. I'm sorry I said something but it's okay, really!"

He shook his head with grim determination. "I can't make love to you, Emma."

His tone told her that he would not budge on the issue no matter how much she pleaded with him to show her more and finish what they'd been doing. Hearing that it would be useless to argue with him, she sadly nodded her head. "I'm sorry," she whispered.

Dimitri pulled her back into his arms and kissed her gently. Looking down into her blue eyes, he said, "Never apologize for being sweet and innocent," he said, almost harshly. "It is a treasure you should give to your husband on your wedding night."

She smiled wanly and nodded. That had been how she'd felt about it until she'd met Dimitri. Now, as she sat in the back of his limousine, her hand in his gentle grip, she felt that her virginity was more of a burden than anything else.

As the car drew smoothly to a stop outside her hotel, she leaned forward, prepared to just exit as gracefully as she could before breaking into tears once he was gone.

"What are you doing tomorrow," Dimitri asked, stopping her so she had to sit back down on the seat.

She shrugged her shoulders sadly and turned her head away, unable to look at him, afraid she might break down before she found the relative privacy of her hotel room. "I don't know. I usually figure out my itinerary in the morning while my friends are at the pool."

"If you don't have plans, then let me take you out tomorrow."

Her eyes snapped back to his, searching his face and revealing her own confusion. "But I thought...." She started to say, then stopped herself. If he was giving her more of his time, she wasn't one to say no. She'd been devastated on the drive, thinking that their time together was over. Emma laughed delightedly, relieved that he still wanted to spend time with her. "What about earlier? Why would you want to see me when you won't make love with me?"

Dimitri grimaced himself. "It will be safer out in the day. I'll pick you up at nine o'clock," he said and kissed her quickly.

Emma's spirits soared and she almost danced out of the car and into the hotel. As soon as her head hit the pillow, she was asleep and she woke the next morning feeling excited at the prospect of spending the whole day with Dimitri. She couldn't imagine where they would go that she hadn't already seen but anything was worth it just to be with him one more day. She and her friends would be leaving Greece tomorrow, early in the morning. Now she would have one extra day, definitely more than she could have hoped for.

He showed up himself this time in an open jeep, no body guards or limousine as far as the eye could see. He was wearing dark sunglasses and looked dangerous, she thought as she climbed in beside him wearing a pink sundress this time.

"You look delicious," he said but he didn't bend to touch her in any way, only smiled and then turned to start the engine.

Emma had no idea where they were going today and didn't care. She listened as Dimitri talked to her about the scenery they were passing, the older buildings and how they came to be side by side with the newer ones. He drove to the heliport and Emma was confused. Dimitri drove right up to the tarmac and helped her into a helicopter. From there, Emma was able to see Greece from a bird's eye view and it was spectacular. As Dimitri flew the helicopter, he pointed out areas of interest and other historical places she hadn't had a chance to get to yet since they were only visiting Athens this time.

After two hours of flying along the stunning coastline, pointing out various points of interest, he landed the small craft in a field and helped her out. In the cargo area, he had already stored a picnic and, at the top of a cliff looking out into the sea, they dined on cold chicken, sliced pears and delicious wine with cheese and crackers. Emma loved hearing him talk about the country and the culture. She could listen to him all day and not get bored. Once lunch was over, he took her back to the heliport but he didn't drive her back to the hotel. They climbed back into the jeep and he drove her to the harbor where they walked along the pier, watching the fishermen bring in their catch from the day. He led her down the docks, pointing out the large fish, octopus and squid, all of which were horribly fascinating to someone who had dined on mundane food most of her life.

It was evening by the time he drove her back to the hotel but it was also the earliest in the past three days. Emma wanted to cry out that she didn't want to leave him, but that would probably annoy him. Instead, she stood next to him on the sidewalk, looking up into his eyes and hoping that he would kiss her goodbye.

"What time is your flight tomorrow?" he asked.

His words were clearly not a prelude to a goodnight kiss and Emma's heard almost broke with the knowledge that this would be goodbye. She desperately wanted to pull him to her and beg him to give her one more chance, the ask him to show her what it meant to be a woman. But she knew him well enough to be able to read his expression and it clearly said that they were finished. Sadly, she replied, "Early. We'll need to be at the airport about seven o'clock." She stared at the buttons on his shirt, unwilling and unable to look at his face, to see the end in his eyes.

"Call me when you land so I know you arrived safely. Okay?" he said, pushing a soft curl off her forehead that had fallen away from the others.

"Okay," she said and bravely put on a smile. He hadn't touched her all day long. Not even a casual or accidental touch. It was painfully obvious that he wasn't going to kiss her goodbye but she desperately wished it were otherwise.

"Goodbye, Dimitri," she said, taking a deep breath to hold her emotions in check until she found the safety of her hotel room. "Thank you for today. It was beautiful."

"Yes. It was. Have a safe flight," he said and stepped back from her.

Emma nodded and turned away. Holding her head up straight, she walked all the way into the hotel without glancing back. It wasn't until she reached the lobby that she felt safe to turn around and look back, wondering if she could have one last glace at his handsome face before he drove off. The tears were already coursing down her cheeks and her shoulders started to shake with the effort to keep the pain inside.

She saw him still standing on the sidewalk, hands on his hips but his back facing her. He looked up at the sky and shook his head before finally getting back into the jeep and driving off quickly. Emma's heart broke but she knew there was nothing to do for it but to move forward, one step at a time. She'd only known the man for three days. He was wonderful to talk to and made her laugh. Whenever she made him laugh, she considered it a special treat since she didn't think he laughed very often.

The plane ride home was awful. She'd cried throughout the night, unable to sleep as the pain lashed her body, making her insides churn. Once she was on the plane, her tears increased and by the time the wheels lifted off the tarmac, she was sobbing uncontrollably. Her friends tried to cheer her up, but their efforts only made it worse since they didn't understand her sadness. She arrived home but didn't call Dimitri, assuming that his request for a call to reassure him had only been to placate her due to the impersonal departure yesterday.

Classes started the day after their return and Emma threw herself into her classes immediately, studying far ahead of the class and even finishing several papers before they were even assigned, desperate to push all thoughts of Dimitri out of her mind and consciousness. She volunteered at the student center, helping other students with their courses and even at the local church to help out on the nursery, loving children and babies. Each time a thought slipped into her mind about Dimitri, she pushed herself harder, the pain of his rejection too intense to bear.

The second week, she answered the phone absently while making a list of things she could do to keep her mind off of Dimitri. "Hello?" she said, getting a clean piece of paper out to take a message for her room mates, knowing that the call wouldn't be for her.

"Emma?" an angry voice came on over the line.

"Dimitri?" she asked, the pencil dropping from her numb fingers.

His voice was angry when he said, "I've been calling you for the past week. You didn't call to tell me you were okay. I've been worried about you."

"How did you get my number?" Her heart was racing at the sound of his voice and her fingers started shaking.

"Don't worry about that. Just tell me why you didn't call and let me know you had landed without incident!"

Emma could hear the anger in his voice but didn't understand it. "I didn't think you were serious," she snapped back, not willing to take the abuse she didn't think was justified.

"I told you to call. I never say something I don't mean, Emma."

Emma took a deep breath, trying to calm her racing heart beat. "Thank you for calling to ensure that I'm okay but everything turned out well. No problems at the airport, security was easy this time and we're all safe and sound."

"What about your classes?" he asked.

Since he didn't sound angry anymore, Emma answered questions about her classes, her professors, the types of students in all of her classes for over a half hour. She was thrilled that he was talking to her but knew it was more of a fatherly concern which wasn't what she wanted from this man. When she finally hung up the phone, the tears started to well up again in her eyes but she refused to let them fall. Picking up her list of things she should be doing, she dove into anything she could to keep her mind off of him. Distraction was the key she reminded herself.

She was walking across campus a month later, a fantasy involving a gorgeous Greek man storming into one of her classes and carrying her away to make love to her spinning through her mind. She took a seat on a bench in a sunny part of the campus to read through a chapter on physics, a topic she absolutely hated but had to get through for her degree.

A shadow fell over the page and she looked up, gasping when she saw Dimitri standing over her. "Dimitri?" she asked, sure that her eyes were deceiving her since she'd been thinking about him so often.

"Yes. How are you Emma?" he asked, shoving his hands into his pockets as he looked down into her confused features.

"Okay. What are you doing here?" He didn't look happy to see her. In fact, he looked downright irritated.

Dimitri looked up at the sky, then back down at her. "I think we have some unfinished business. If you're still interested, I want to finish what happened on the ship that night."

Emma could only stare for the longest time as his words sunk in to her consciousness. "Really?" she finally said, her heart starting to expand so much that she wasn't sure if it would stay within her chest.

He looked angry for a moment, then nodded his head. "Really."

"When?" she breathed, her physics book forgotten. In fact nothing intruded on her mind except for the gorgeous man standing in front of her.

"I'll pick you up tonight. We'll have dinner first." Without another word, she jumped up into his arms, ignoring the books that fell to the ground. He easily caught her in his strong embrace, his mouth already covering hers, taking possession and making her light headed while his hands rediscovered her body, the shape of her waist and her hips, not daring to go any farther in public.

After a long time, he pulled away, his thumb rubbing against her swollen mouth. "Until tonight, Emma," he said and then turned to walk away.

Emma raced back to her apartment and searched through her clothes, desperately trying to find something sophisticated to wear. Between all of her friends, she finally came up with a pair of smart black slacks that hugged her waist and a figure hugging, white turtleneck sweater. She wore a pair of cubic zirconium earrings and no other jewelry. When he arrived to pick her up, she was more than ready for his kiss.

The night was spectacular. Dimitri arrived in a long black limousine and took her to a small restaurant where they ate pasta and drank red wine. Dimitri eased her nervousness by telling her funny stories about different people in the news, things she never would have heard about through the newspapers. By the time he took her to his London penthouse, she was more than ready to be with him.

As soon as the door closed behind them, her shivers started up again. Dimitri felt it and pulled back, taking off his tie as he said casually, "Would you like a brandy?"

Emma was relieved that they wouldn't immediately go into the bedroom but also disappointed that he didn't take her into his arms. She was only nervous when he wasn't touching her or kissing her. But she was too shy to tell him that. "A brandy would be nice," she replied, hoping he didn't detect the catch in her voice.

He walked over to a bar and poured the amber liquid into two snifters, bringing one back to her. Emma took it and carefully took a sip, walking around the room and pretending to look at the decor. "This is nice," she said, impressed with the blue and silver decorations but not really caring if they were fucia and orange. She just wanted him to kiss her and ease her anxiety.

"Come here, Emma," he said, his voice deep and soothing.

He stood across the room, one hand holding the glass of brandy, the other deep in his pocket. She walked over to stand near him, but he pulled her closer. "Tell me what you want," he said, his dark eyes staring down into her blue ones, reading her face to make sure she really wanted to be here.

Taking a deep, shuddering breath, she said, "I want you to kiss me."

Slowly, he set both of their glasses on the coffee table. With extreme gentleness, he covered her mouth with his own, caressing her lips, moving back and forth. When he felt her relax against him, he moved from her mouth to her neck, finding the frantic pulse with his mouth and enticing the feelings higher while his hand slid higher, going from her waist to just under her breasts. As his mouth moved over her neck and ear, his hand hesitated and when he felt her arch against him, he moved his hand to cover her breast, catching the gasp of pleasure in his mouth as he covered hers again.

Picking her up in his arms, he carried her to the bedroom and set her down on her feet beside his bed. With deft hands, he slid the zipper down on her slacks, never stopping the sensual onslaught with his hands and his mouth. Her automatic and increasingly intense responses from her body inflamed him, driving his need higher but he kept reminding himself to hold back, to go slow.

He almost lost it when her shirt fell to the floor and he stood there, looking at her incredible body in just a pair of black lace underwear and a scrap of nothing lace bra that barely covered her nipples. "You're beautiful," he said, reaching up with his hand and tracing the lace on her left breast.

Emma shivered, desperate to feel more. Her body instinctively moved so that the path his finger was tracing would come down across her nipple, but he wouldn't allow it. His finger moved higher, avoiding the peak pebbling under the lace.

"Please, touch me, Dimitri," she said and took his hand in hers and covered her breast, closing her eyes when the shudder rippled through her body. "Yes," she sighed happily.

Dimitri watched her face, unaware of the sweat breaking out on his forehead as he watched this sensuous, gorgeous woman and the reactions his simple touch were creating on her face. He wanted to pick her up and sink his hardness into her soft, welcoming warmth but, more so, he wanted this night to be special for her and he'd have to go slower to make that happen. Reminding himself of her innocence, which was damn hard at the moment as her passion glazed eyes looked up at him and made his body clench more tightly, he forced his body to slow, his touch to be more gentle. The realization that no man had ever touched her was a heady one and he wanted her to remember his touch, his love making when she went on to her next lover.

That thought stunned him as well as the fury that rampaged his mind at the idea of another man touching this glorious, passionate woman that seemed to blossom with his touch. He didn't want Emma experiencing anything else with another man. He didn't like that feeling so he concentrated on bending his head and tasting her breast, kissing her already budding nipple, then laving it with his tongue, enjoying her cries of ecstasy as he brought her desire to the next level.

"Yes!" she cried out and Dimitri lifted her up and placed her gently on the bed, his fingers expertly flicking the clasp on her bra and tossing it aside.

Except for her underwear, she was completely naked while he was still fully dressed. Looking up at him, his dark suit and his silk tie, she licked her lips nervously, then sat up on her knees. "Do you mind?" she asked, her fingers shaking as she reached up and touched his tie tentatively.

Dmitri almost groaned with pleasure as her fingers found his skin. "Please do," he said and was stunned to hear his voice sound so husky.

Emma clumsily unknotted his tie, then tossed it to the ground, a part of her mind thinking she should be less careless with his clothes but another part of her was desperate to see him, to feel him. She pushed the perfectly tailored suit off his shoulders then started on the buttons of his shirt but her shaking fingers were not up to the task of unbuttoning them. He chuckled and pushed her hands gently away. "Let me help you," he said and tore through the task, then pulled her hands back up, placing both against the now bared skin.

She heard his sharp intake of breath but was unaware of the reason as her fingers explored the dark, lightly hair roughened skin of his chest. She was amazed at the texture, the heat emanating from him and wanted to see more. Pushing his shirt to the side, she let her fingers touch everywhere, her fingers floating delicately over his shoulders, then down across his pectoral muscles which jumped at her light touch. When her fingers accidentally moved over one of his nipples and she heard the hiss of his breath through his teeth, she pulled her hands away quickly, afraid she'd hurt him. But his hands clenched at her waist and his head bowed so his forehead was touching hers. "Don't stop, Emma," he begged.

With that kind of encouragement, she brought her hands gently back to his chest, her fingers gliding over the nipple once again, enjoying the intense thrill of making this man's body react.

Suddenly, he pulled her hands away and pushed her gently back to the mattress. "I'm sorry, Emma. But I can't let you touch me anymore right now."

At her questioning look, he smiled but there was a strain to his expression. "You'll understand later," and without another word, he bent and took her mouth with his. This kiss was no longer soft and coaxing. It was possession, passion and domination all in one and Emma thrilled to the feelings, her body rising up to meet his, desperate for the feel of is hardness against her body.

When his mouth moved lower, covering her breast once again, she cried out and writhed, unwilling or unable to take the torture any longer. But he held her hands with one hand over her head and his other traveled against her body, eliciting groans and cries as his fingers spread heat everywhere he touched.

"No more, Dmitri! Please, you have to stop. I can't take it any longer," she begged, her hips moving against his as she fought for a control that had long ago been out of her reach.

"Oh, there's more, little one," he said and his head dipped lower, his hands moving between her thighs, opening her up to his gentle exploration. She remembered the glorious feelings he'd given her on the ship so many weeks ago so she was not shy when he moved her legs wider. But when his mouth found her core, she would have sat up with shock and pulled his head away. "No!" she cried out.

A strong hand held her down but he was no longer able to hold her hands over her head. Both her hands delved into his hair, initially intending to pull him away but when his tongue found her core, she fell back against the mattress, sighing blissfully and her fingers no longer pulled him away. "Dmitri!" she called out, her body almost instantly exploding into a fire of delight, waves of pleasure ripping her apart and splintering off as her hands fell out of his hair and clenched the duvet cover.

When her body was satisfied and replete, he lifted his head, his smug smile of satisfaction rising over her. Emma could barely open her eyes but the smile he gave her was too much and she had to smile back, her arms lazily lifting to wrap around his neck. "Thank you," she said softly. "That was beautiful."

"We're not done yet. This time, you're going to experience the whole thing," he said softly. His elbows supported his weight as his hips moved between her legs.

Emma's eyes widened and she tensed, ready for the pain of the initial entry but instead of an invasion as she was expecting, she felt his lips against hers. His kiss was sweet and gentle and stirred her back to the writhing desire she'd thought had been satisfied only moments before. But when he touched her, she guessed that she'd never feel satisfied for long. She wanted this man too much.

"I don't think I can take too much more," she gasped when he lifted his head and kissed her neck, his teeth nibbling on her ear. She felt the pressure and instantly responded, somehow knowing that this would end her body's torment. Her hips lifted, meeting his in expectation and need.

"Emma, you have to be still," he said through gritted teeth, perspiration spreading along his forehead as he tried to slow their bodies down.

"I can't," she gasped, moving him in deeper. "Please, more," she said and pulled him down.

Dmitri couldn't hold back any more. Her body was so hot, so tight and her movements so erotic, he pushed in to the hilt, burying himself in her heat and groaning as pleasure overwhelmed him. "You're perfect," he said as he moved within her. He felt her barrier give way but she only flinched slightly before moving against him, drawing him in deeper.

Setting the pace, he moved slowly at first. But when she refused to let him go slower, her body moving with him and finding a rhythm that they both enjoyed, he quickened, watching her face and knowing exactly when to move, how to move to increase the pleasure. Lifting her hips, he pushed her over the edge and as her body climaxed, he pounded her harder, finding his own release only moments later.

When they had their breathing back under control, Dmitri rolled over and tucked her against his side. Emma snuggled against his chest, amazed at how wonderful this sex thing was. "That was far more amazing than anything I could have imagined," she said. "Is it always like that?" she asked, turning her head to look up at him.

"No," he said seriously. His eyes looking down into hers with an odd light in them.

"Oh," Emma frowned. "Well then, I guess I'll just have to limit my entire sexual experience to this one night," she said and turned back to rest her cheek against his chest. But her hand fluttered on his stomach, amazed at how solid he was. There were actually ridges on his stomach and his biceps. They were hard and well defined, topped off by broad shoulders. Her hand was touching him everywhere, as Emma was unable to stop herself.

Dimitri laughed, captured her hands and held them over her head. "If you don't stop doing that, you're sexual experience is going to be increased immediately," he growled.

Emma wriggled underneath him, already more than willing, desperate even, to feel him inside her, moving against her. "When?" she asked, her tongue darting out to wet her dry lips.

Dimitri's laughter stopped and he shook his head. "You can't. It is too soon," he said.

Emma pulled her hands out from his loose grip and let her fingers trail down his arms, fascinated by his body and all the muscles, the different textures and, more interestingly, the reactions when she touched him. "I don't want to wait. I know you'll be heading back to Greece soon, or wherever you might be going next. And I don't want this night to end," she said, looking up into his dark, passionate eyes. "I want you, Dimitri. Show me what I'm missing."

He proceeded to do just that, his mouth exploring her already sensitized body and her third orgasm was even more intense than the ones before it. Each time she felt as if she was going to fall asleep, she would wake herself up and look at him, feel him with her hands and each time, Dimitri would show her again what a masterful lover he was.

She didn't fall asleep until the early hours of the morning. By the time she woke, she was alone but rolling over, she saw Dimitri walking into the bedroom, already showered and dressed in a dark suit, minus the jacket. "What are you doing for the rest of the week?" he asked, sitting down on the edge of the bed, his dark eyes looking into hers with some sort of hidden message she couldn't decipher.

"Mmmm," she thought, her fingers touching his silk tie, admiring the beautiful design. "I'm attending boring classes and working on papers that are also boring and working in a boring library checking out boring books," she replied. Looking up at him shyly, she said, "Want to make it less boring for me?"

His smile made her stomach flip over. "Yes. How about if you come back to Athens with me and pick out a wedding dress?"

Chapter 4

Emma's fingers froze and her eyes snapped up to his. "What do you mean?"

Dimitri shook his head and took her hands in his. "I mean, I have tried, but I can't stop thinking about you. Nothing worked. So I'm trying the opposite. Come to Greece with me, marry me. Have a family with me."

It only took Emma moments before she threw herself into his arms. "Are you serious?" she asked, her arms already around his neck and tears streaming down her cheeks. "Because if you aren't, I don't think I'll ever forgive you!"

His arms closed around her waist and he held her close. "I'm very serious. I want lots of children and from what you've told me, you want them as well. We have many things in common so I don't think it would be difficult to forge a marriage between the two of us," he said.

Emma wished she'd had a more romantic proposal, but she'd take what she could get. She loved this man desperately and knew that she loved him enough for the two of them. "When?"

"Will one month give you enough time to plan a wedding?" he suggested.

Emma pulled back and looked at him happily. "I can't see why not. I mean, how many people really need to be there besides you and me?" she laughed. "We don't need a large wedding so it should be a simple event to organize."

Dimitri laughed. "Ah, Emma," he shook his head. "I'm afraid you have a rude awakening coming to you. Nothing is done simply in my family. I can estimate that probably five hundred people at least will be attending our wedding."

When they arrived in Greece and Emma was introduced as his fiancee, with a huge diamond ring obtained earlier that day, Dimitri's mother wept ecstatically. When she was told the wedding would be in a month, her tears stopped and she shook her head in horror. "It can't be done! There is too much to do, flowers to order, a dress to be made, caterers to get food. Goodness, deciding on a menu alone might take a whole week, Dimitri."

Listening to Sophia, Emma was horrified at all the preparations a simple wedding would entail. She started to step in and explain that all the fuss wasn't necessary but Dimitri interrupted before she could speak.

"No more than one month, mother," Dimitri said, kissing Emma's hand.

Sophia knew when her son would not budge. Exactly one month later, Emma walked blissfully down the aisle to the most handsome man in the world, oblivious to the one thousand other people in the church as well as the paparazzi hovering outside waiting to get pictures of the young bride who had snared one of the wealthiest men in Europe. She loved him so much and cherished every moment spent with him.

He lived in a penthouse apartment in Athens but after their honeymoon on the family's private island, he brought her home to a magnificent house complete with ten bedrooms, living room, a dining room with a table large enough to seat at least twenty people comfortably, swimming pool and even a ballroom.

"Do we really need ten bedrooms?" she asked as he showed her around the enormous house.

"Of course. You'll fill them up with children soon, don't worry."

Emma hoped he was teasing about having so many children but laughed anyway, enjoying the amusement in his eyes. If he was serious, she'd talk to him later. Although she wanted a large family, nine children was too many, she thought silently.

From that moment on, she worked hard at becoming the wife he needed by his side. She took all of Sophia's advice, spending her days shopping for the right clothes for every event, hiring the right decorators so entertaining Dimitri's business and social acquaintances would not be embarrassing to him, moving from manicurist to hair stylist to lunch with all the right people. Emma thought all of it was silly but if that was what was expected of her, she was more than willing to learn all that was necessary.

It was difficult at times because Dimitri traveled often, sometimes being gone for several weeks at a time. During those lonely periods, Emma would work diligently at managing the enormous house but as soon as he walked through the door, she threw herself into his arms, thrilled all over again to see him and feel his arms close around her. When he was home with her, or at least working in Greece instead of traveling, Emma knew she could not be happier.

Everything was generally blissful until the day she'd gone in for her annual gynecological exam. The exam was normal and Emma was just about to leave the doctor's office when the doctor walked in. "Emma, you have been married for over a year now. Any chance you might be trying to get pregnant?" he asked.

Emma smiled shyly. "Yes. We've always planned on having children. But it seems that Dimitri's work schedule just seems to...." She hesitated, trying to find the right words to admit to the elderly man that Dimitri just wasn't around at the right times of the month lately, "I mean, he..."

A knock on the office door interrupted her thoughts and a nurse suddenly appeared, handing the doctor a sheet of paper. The nurse's expression was obviously worried but once she glanced at Emma, her face brightened forcibly.

The doctor read the paper, his expression turning from curious to concerned almost instantly. "Oh dear," he said and glanced up at Emma. It was almost as if he weren't really seeing her. "Excuse me a moment, Emma," he said and stood up, dropping the paper to the top of his desk.

Sitting alone in the office, Emma could no longer contain her curiosity and, with shaking fingers, she picked up the piece of paper. For some reason, it was in English and she quickly skimmed the data, her eyes fixing on the one word that shot a pain of fear through her body. "Infertile," was all it said at the bottom, clearly the result of some sort of tests.

Emma's heart shattered. She was infertile? But how? Why? Skimming the information, she could absorb only one other word since the rest of the data was about the various tests which might as well have been in Greek for all they told her. The word "Endometriosis" seemed to jump out at her, like a snake ready to strike at her happiness and overwhelm her with desolation.

She had endometriosis? When had that happened? She knew very little about the disease but wracked her brain to remember what little she'd read. She'd never had any monthly pain, no indication that anything wasn't functioning correctly.

Stumbling up out of her chair, she left the office, barely aware of her surroundings as she made her way home that afternoon. Emma remembered that awful afternoon, wondering how she was going to break the news to Dimitri. It would break his heart, she knew. He loved his nieces and nephews. He wanted children and each month when she reported that she wasn't pregnant, was taken with a grim acceptance. Now, knowing that something inside her was not right, that she'd never be able to give him the children he desperately wanted, she wasn't sure how to go on.

The sobbing had come that afternoon with a vengeance and Emma knew that Dimitri would eventually have to leave her. He had to produce an heir, his mother and father had even been putting the pressure on both of them to start a family by dropping not so subtle hints.

Emma was too upset to think clearly, but she knew what she had to do. She wrote a quick note to Dimitri, saying that she couldn't be the wife he needed her to be. With that, she left with only one suitcase and hurried to the airport, leaving on the first flight back to London. Her brother Brian was waiting for her when she arrived at his apartment, allowing her to sob out her heartache until she was hoarse with the effort.

It had taken Emma three weeks to finally pull herself together enough to leave his apartment. At the time, she'd made it to the grocery store entrance then turned back, unable to purchase anything. But each day, she forced herself to leave Brian's apartment and do something, even if it was just to the post office to mail a letter to one of her friends or to the grocery store to purchase milk. Eventually, after two months of crying both day and night, she pulled herself together enough to find a job. Living with Brian was completely different than living with Dimitri, Brian's disabilities making life more difficult besides the lack of servants to help with all the day to day chores. She didn't mind the chores, embracing them in fact. Doing small things like cleaning dishes and running a vacuum cleaner meant that she had a purpose. All day, she toiled at something, just keeping her hands busy was the most important thing. She concentrated on each moment, pushing herself harder to accomplish each task and moving on to the next one. Concentrating on cleaning or sweeping meant she wasn't thinking about Dimitri and wondering what he was doing, if he'd moved on to another woman or if he was finally filing for a divorce.

As painful as the days were, the nights were a living hell. When Brian rolled himself into his room, and she was finally alone with her thoughts, she ached, curling up into a ball of misery as she cried herself to sleep, calling out Dimitri's name in her dreams and then crying again when she woke herself up and realized that he would never hold her again.

Chapter 5

The limousine pulling up outside the Athens penthouse brought her out of her memories and back to the present. Dimitri was still talking on his cell phone but she knew what was expected of her. She'd done it so often in the past it was like a cold bucket of ice water on her to realize that she remembered everything in excruciating detail.

She stepped out of the back of the car and headed inside the apartment building, walking blindly over to the private elevators that would take the two of them to the penthouse. She waited until Dimitri arrived in the cab, assuming he'd changed the security code that would allow the elevator to start moving.

Once in the Penthouse, Emma stepped out and only stared. She had never seen this place. She'd known it was around, since Dimitri had occasionally slept here when he was working late. She had encouraged it at times, afraid of him driving home so late at night but she'd never known the stunning luxury the penthouse contained. The large, airy room in front of her was done in whites and blacks, definitely a masculine residence.

"Do you still have the house outside of town?" she asked.

"Yes. But I spend most of my time here," he answered, walking past her and pulling off his tie. "Why don't you shower first? Dress is formal tonight. I hope you purchased something appropriate. I'm going to make some more phone calls." Without another word, he disappeared through a door that must be his home office, leaving her alone.

Emma shuddered, wishing she could follow him and tell him everything. She felt awful lying to him like this. But she had to remember Brian's part in all of this. He was the true innocent. If she admitted the truth, Dimitri would break the deal, demand the money back and immediately start divorce proceedings. She couldn't allow that. Brian had to come first this time.

She found a guest bedroom on her own and looked into the en suite bathroom, impressed with the fittings. It even had a complete set of shampoo and other toiletries. She was grateful for small things since she had no luggage, had in fact assumed this morning that she would be on a return flight this afternoon so there had been no need.

Stepping into the warm shower, she thought about everything that had happened today. It had been a long day. She'd woken up before dawn to catch an early flight. The five and a half hour flight had been filled with intense dread, wondering if she was making a mistake, trying to come up with another solution, wondering if Brian would ever find out, hoping her boss would be okay with her taking the day off...the list of worries went on and on. But uppermost in her mind had been how she was going to convince Dimitri to sign the papers.

Never in her wildest imagination had she dreamed that she would be in this position, in his penthouse, accepting the terms he'd put to her.

Allowing the warm water to wash over her body, she started to relax slightly. The stress was still there in her shoulders, but it was difficult to maintain under the pressure of the massaging jets beating onto her back. She couldn't remember a more luxurious shower, as the lavender scented shampoo worked its magic.

When she felt she could no longer stand for fear of falling down, Emma turned off the water and toweled herself dry. Looking at the guest bed, seeing how incredibly inviting the butter yellow comforter looked against the late afternoon sky line, she wondered what time they would be leaving tonight. Seeing that it was only five o'clock now, she suspected they wouldn't be leaving until at least eight o'clock.

Sighing deeply, she let her tired body sink into the soft blankets of the bed, the hum of the air conditioning the only sounds as her eyes drifted close. And then nothing. Darkness, nothingness.

Dimitri put down the phone and considered the information he'd received so far. From what his sources could find, Emma was still living with the man she'd shacked up with after leaving him four years ago. She worked two jobs while the other man worked only one and that was barely part time. Neither of her jobs were careers, just places she went to get a paycheck. They were both dead end jobs. Why would she put herself through that? Especially when she could have sold the jewelry that he'd given her over the two years of their marriage and lived better for a decade than she had been for the past four years? None of it made sense, unless she was really in love with the man.

What other explanation could there be?

He stood up, stretching from the long three hours of sitting while making the phone calls. Thinking about his wife, long lost and all the other adjectives he could pile on top of her, and his body instantly hardened. He wished he could figure out why she could do it for him so completely. It had been like this from the first moment he'd seen her. Well, from the moment he'd run into her. Or more specifically, from the moment he'd maneuvered their paths so she ran into him. Her body that afternoon had been incredible dressed in that cute little sundress that came down to her mid-thighs, giving him a great view of her sexy legs. The rest of her, he'd felt as he'd helped her get her balance and from that moment on, he'd been unable to keep her out of his mind.

Damn woman! He pushed away from the desk and walked over to the window, staring unseeingly out at the dusk falling over Athens. He loved this city but had been about to give it all up when he'd heard she'd left and run back to London. The moment his security detail had phoned him with the news, he'd assumed that she'd been unhappy living in Greece and had immediately started figuring out how to move the headquarters to London if that would make her happy. Those plans had been crushed when his detail had called to inform him that she'd moved in with a man, someone they had no information on.

From that moment, he'd pushed her out of his mind, forcing himself to move forward with his life, burying himself in work and pushing as hard as possible. He'd bedded several women that year, none of whom could even come close to giving him the sexual satisfaction his slender, responsive wife could give him. But he was determined to find someone who could.

After four years, he knew that not a single woman of his acquaintance had even come close. He wanted Emma and there was nothing he could do about it. Except manipulate the situation now so he gained the most from it, he told himself. Smiling ruthlessly, he reminded himself that the lovely little vixen was waiting for him in the bedroom, probably worried about what he was doing and why it was taking him so long.

He liked that, having her worry. He'd done enough of it the day she'd left him with only a silly note saying goodbye. He'd panicked, worrying about her safety, waiting impatiently for word from his body guards to hear that she was safe, wondering why she'd left so quickly, not even taking enough clothes with her. The lack of clothes had given him hope that perhaps she'd only gone for a short period. But the news that she'd moved in with another man, and hadn't emerged for several weeks, killed all the feelings he'd had for her.

He almost punched the desk at that point, remembering the overwhelming feeling of jealously when he'd been told about that bastard who was holding his wife that night. "My wife!" he said harshly to the empty room.

Being a Greek man, he had no illusions about his sexist and possessive attitudes. They were in full force and he didn't care that he was being possessive. He didn't like to share. Thinking of strategy and how he was going to win his wife back, he considered all angles, determined not to fail this time. He'd never allow himself to feel the same way he had four years ago. Those feelings had been crushed irreparably when she'd been with another man. But he could definitely bind her to him so she would be at his mercy. And he could enjoy her body whenever he wanted use of it. He had no problems doing that. His pride felt better, knowing that he was in complete control of her lovely body.

Thinking along those lines only made his own body harden even more and with a grim smile, he walked along the hallway toward his bedroom. There were still several hours before they had to go out tonight. Perhaps a nice interlude with that delectable body was in the cards immediately.

Reaching his bedroom, he stood just inside the doorway, his eyes adjusting to the dim light and searching for her. It was silent inside. He'd expected the shower to be running but then glanced at his watch. He'd left her alone several hours ago, perhaps she was already done and waiting for him. But when he pushed the door open wider, he discovered that the room was empty.

With a growl of anger, he stormed into the bathroom and realized that she hadn't even been in the shower. She couldn't have left the penthouse, she didn't know the code to start the lift and even if she took the stairs, the alarm would have sounded.

Moving quickly around the penthouse, he walked back to the main room and looked around but saw nothing. He searched all the main rooms only to come up empty. Shocked, he went back to the master bedroom and was reaching into his jacket to get his cell phone when a splash of color in one of the guest bedrooms stopped him. He walked in and looked at his wife, laying on the yellow comforter as if she hadn't a care in the world. As if her husband wasn't waiting impatiently to satisfy himself with her voluptuous curves, he thought angrily.

He walked over to the bed and looked down, his hand reaching out to shake her awake but the dark circles under her eyes stopped him. Was she really that exhausted? Why would she be so tired? From what he understood, she had only traveled here today. He didn't think that had been enough to wear her out to this point.

His hand hesitated and in the end, he simply picked her up and carried her to his bedroom. He laid her carefully down on the large bed, covering her with the comforter before going into the bathroom to shower himself.

When he came out, he made a quick phone call to cancel the dinner plans for the evening, then gathered some materials to work. It was midnight before she even moved and Dimitri was still working on some documents beside her in the bed.

"What time is it?" she asked, still sleepy, her eyes barely open.

"Almost midnight," he replied, crossing out some wording he didn't like on a contract.

That woke her up. She sat up in bed and looked at him, her eyes blinking wearily, reminding him of a soft, fluffy little kitten with wide, innocent eyes. "I thought you said we were going out?"

Dimitri looked down at the exhausted woman and gritted his teeth. The need to pull her close, hold her, touch her soft, golden hair with his hands and smell her sweet scent was almost too much to bear. And then he wondered why he was holding back.

Tossing the papers on to the floor, he pulled her into his lap, ignoring the resistance in her arms. "You were sleeping. And now there are more important things to do," he said, and covered her mouth with his own.

She turned her head away at the last second, still groggy from sleep but coming awake quickly. "What are you doing?" she asked, then gasped when his mouth, denied his original goal, found her neck instead, nibbling along the sensitive skin, his hand pulling the towel mercilessly away so she was completely naked, lying in his arms. "Dimitri, please!" she begged but he ignored her cries, his hands coming up to cup her breasts.

"Please what?" he asked, his voice husky and his eyes hot with the passion riding him. He looked down and was glad that the desire that was tearing him up inside was reflected in her face as well. He slid his hand down her waist, coming to her hip, then circling around to her inner thighs. He felt her thighs push together, trying to shut him about but he only chuckled softly, then rolled over so she was underneath him. With his hands still circling her thighs, his mouth captured a nipple in his hot mouth. Within moments, the resistance in her legs disappeared and he laughed, his fingers delving into her heat. "That's right. You can't stop it, can you?" he asked.

Emma wanted to cry out but the breath rushed out of her in a gush as his fingers found her core, pushing inside and finding all the spots that made her squirm. The sex had always been incredible between the two of them and she'd never been able to deny him anything in bed. He'd been the ultimate lover, she knew. She'd been to lunches with the other women and had heard how they hadn't liked having sex with their husbands, how they'd just given in to their husbands demands in order to avoid an argument. That was so far from Emma's experience, she couldn't even participate in the conversations. She loved the way Dimitri touched her, the way he made her feel just by walking into a room. No matter where they were, she wanted him. And the feelings were reciprocated.

"Please, Dimitri, we need to talk," she begged, wanting to set some ground rules. "We can't just do this...just start over like this," she begged. She tried to pull away but his finger flicked against her sensitive skin and she groaned, all thoughts of talking leaving her. Instead, with that one, simple touch, she turned the tables. She was ravenous for him, moving underneath his hand, arching against him, pulling his head down for his kiss.

Emma touched him everywhere, remembering too many nights when she woke in a cold sweat, her dreams taking her right here where she was laying in his arms, feeling the warmth, the heat, move over her like a tidal wave.

"Now!" she cried out when she felt she couldn't take anymore. "Please, now!" she said again.

Dimitri looked down at the woman who had haunted him for years, who had left him but now was back and writhing underneath him. He considered not giving in to her demands, of letting her ache and torment her further. But his body was demanding the same thing. Pushing into her softness, he took her hard, wishing he could just find his own satisfaction and ignore her own needs. But she was too incredibly soft, too hot and he slowed. Looking down at her face and realizing she was close to finding her release, he reached down, lifting her hips slightly and, with a few more thrusts, took her over the edge. Finding his own release moments later was no problem, the feelings too intense to ignore.

When he was done, Dimitri stood up and walked to the bathroom, ignoring the pained expression on her face. "I'm taking a shower," was all he said before disappearing through the door.

Emma shivered in response and wanted to scream out her anger and humiliation. How could he be so cold? So heartless? It felt as if he'd just rejected her in some way. After what they'd just experienced, she'd thought he'd felt it too. Could he just walk away as if nothing earth shattering had happened?

Emma buried her face in the pillow, hiding the tears that flowed once again. She was so tired of the pain, of the sadness. She just wanted peace. Was that too much to ask? Why did fate keep throwing her into this man's path? What had she done to deserve this? She'd loved him more than life itself and now she was destined to go through the same torture once again, to be given the light back in her life, only to know that it would be ripped away from her in six months, or less if he ever found out about her condition.

Pulling the blanket over her nakedness, she curled up into a ball, taking deep breaths and willing herself to relax, to remember all the ways she'd worked him out of her system the first time. She'd have to keep her heart safe this time, knowing there was an end to the relationship. She couldn't give in to the desire to fall on her knees and tell him everything, begging him to make everything right. He was strong, powerful and intelligent, but there were limits to what even he could do.

And she had to remember Brian.

Emma woke the following morning to bright sunshine streaming into the room. Squinting her eyes, she looked around, trying to get her bearings. Where was she? Why was she so sore? Looking at the pillow beside her, empty now but with an indentation in the center, it all came flooding back to her; Dimitri, the flight, the horrible deal, the terrifying blood test followed by a night of intense, soul melting passion and not just once but over and over again. Burying her face in her hands, she shuddered at the memory of the previous night and how she'd sold her soul to the devil for the next six months.

"No time for recriminations, Emma," Dimitri's deep, amused voice said from across the room.

Emma sat up quickly in bed, holding the sheet against her chest when she realized she was completely naked.

She heard his chuckle in response. "Ah, the modesty. I'm not sure if it is appropriate anymore," he replied, his dark eyes slashing down to her hands holding the sheet firmly in place. "I mean, after last night, it is pretty ludicrous, isn't it?" he asked. He was standing over the bed now, he eyes moving along her form under the sheet. "Especially after all the demands you made of me last night."

Emma couldn't help the blush, remembering how she had demanded his body over and over again, even telling him what she wanted him to do. Each time she'd moved in her sleep, she had touched him somehow which would wake her and she'd beg him once again. He had been so giving too, administering to her every need. Emma had no idea what had come over her. Probably too many nights spent thinking about what she wanted and couldn't have over the past several years. "I'm sorry about that," she whispered. "I don't know what happened," she lied.

Dimitri laughed again. He leaned over her, his large body pressing her back against the pillows and tipping her head up so she had to look at him. "Please let it come over you again. not right now. turned and started walking out of the bedroom. I liked it," he said, a moment before kissing her on the lips hard. "But We need to be on the plane in one hour." Without another word, he

Seeing his muscular back retreating she felt the terror rise up in her throat. She tried to push it down, to tell herself that she would have to see him leave her life sooner or later, but the panicked words were out of her mouth before she could stop them. "Where are you going?" Her voice cracked slightly and she tried to clear her throat. Thankfully, he didn't seem to hear her alarm. Or maybe he just didn't care.

"Not me, my love. We. We're going to Rome. I have business there. As I mentioned yesterday, you'll have to travel with me this time around. I don't trust you enough to leave you alone. Who knows what man will crawl into bed with you to satisfy that raging passion of yours." His words were purposefully callous but she didn't let him see her cringe. He wasn't looking at her as he said, "Besides, we have a mission and a time limit, don't we, love? We leave in one hour. Don't be late."

Emma's mouth dropped open but she was unable to respond since he left the room without another word, closing the door to give her some privacy.

The relief that poured through her body was instant and intense. He wasn't leaving her, was all she could think. The relief almost made her dizzy. Then his words sunk into her brain and she smiled slightly. "Traveling to Rome?" she said out loud. The very idea of traveling to Italy, to one of the most beautiful cities in the world, sent a thrill of excitement down her body. She almost giggled with excitement.

Throwing off the covers, she hurried into the bathroom to shower, then pulled on whatever her hands first came into contact with. Looking at her reflection a half hour later, she grimaced at the lavender suit but slipped her feet into the matching heels. The suit was very flattering, making her skin looks soft and creamy but it was painfully uncomfortable. The bias cut jacket seemed to make her want to bend sideways and the skirt felt too tight. Why had Dimitri chosen this suit for her? She turned sideways and saw how the fabric clung to her curves and raised her eyebrows in surprise. She'd never worn anything this blatant before. Her normal choice of clothes was more demure. But if he liked it, she would wear it.

Shrugging her shoulders, she knew that it would please Dimitri. And it was an image he was trying to present to the world. For the amount of money he paid her, she was willing to help him out in whatever way she could, especially since she couldn't give him the baby he wanted.

Emma's eyes clouded at that thought but she pushed it aside and picked up her cell phone. Dialing her brother, she related the situation and told him to present himself to the specialist who would perform the surgery. Once off the phone with him, she dialed her bank and had all the money wired to the doctor's office. She already had the account number memorized since she'd put the number on so many loan applications over the past three or four months. Once that was done, she contacted the doctor's office personally and told them of the transfer and made an appointment for her brother's next consultation. She was thrilled when she heard the news that the doctor would be able to see him this afternoon because of an early cancellation. "Wonderful! Please call me when you have finished meeting with him to let me know if you have any hesitation to go ahead with the surgery," she said, excited that things were finally falling into place.

The last call had to be done quickly but she didn't mind that. "Hi, Dennis," she greeted her supervisor at the book store. "I hate to tell you this but I'm afraid I'm going to have to quit without notice," she said.

"What the hell are you talking about?" Dennis said angrily.

Dennis had never been a very nice person but telling him that she was quitting without notice first thing in the morning, when she was due to arrive for her day shift in less than an hour, was not conducive to an easy or friendly conversation. Not that she ever really had a friendly conversation with her boss but that was beside the point. The man was a militant control freak, even timing her bathroom breaks. But he paid her on time and that was the main point. She listened patiently as he voiced his anger, letting him rant and rave for a few moments.

She was standing in the middle of the bedroom, shaking slightly by some of the awful things Dennis was threatening her with, wondering if he would really be able to do things like that when the cell phone was taken out of her hand.

Whipping around, her jaw dropped open when she saw Dimitri listening to Dennis' diatribe. Slowly, Dimitri's eyes darkened and Emma didn't want to be on the other end of the phone.

"Excuse me, but this is Emma's husband," Dimitri said softly but with deadly intent. "If you ever speak to her again like that, or even begin to follow through on any of those threats, which I'm relatively sure you are too pathetic to go through with, I'll make sure your life is a living hell. I will personally ensure that your tiny little book store goes out of business within a month by asking your creditors to call in your debts. I understand you are slightly behind on many of your bills, are you not Mr. Hancock?" Dimitri didn't wait for a response before continuing. "Furthermore, I'll make sure you don't work in any industry throughout all of Europe. And believe me, Mr. Hancock, I'm fully able to follow through on those threats. In fact, I wouldn't even break a sweat in doing so."

Without another word, Dimitri snapped the cell phone shut and handed it back to her. "You're through with him," he said.

Emma nodded silently, stunned by his protection of her after all she'd put him through.

He started to walk away but after only a few steps, turned around and glared at her. "Why have you put up with him for so long? Has he always treated you so poorly?" he asked. "I know he doesn't pay you well enough to take that kind of treatment so why would you ever deal with that kind of abuse?"

Emma shrugged and looked down at the floor. "It doesn't really matter."

"Of course it does," he countered and pulled her into his arms, his mouth coming down hard on hers. After several long moments when his mouth ravished hers, leaving her knees shaking and her mind no longer worrying about her former boss, he lifted his mouth and shook his head. "You're my wife, and no one speaks to you like that, Emma. You shouldn't put up with it. Ever."

"Okay," she said breathlessly, her eyes wide with the fear that the passion would consume her once again. She couldn't have that. She'd made a decision in the shower that she was going to have to limit their sex to only the times she was about to ovulate. She could time that easily enough and that would mean only once or twice a month would she experience the joy of being in his arms. The less, the better, she told herself, pulling out of his arms quickly and taking several steps backwards. It would be easier to recover once it was over if she had limited memories to think back upon. Unfortunately, he'd allowed her the space but his hands moved from being around her to firmly holding her arms as his angry eyes looked down into her own.

"Why would you take that kind of abuse, Emma?" He was obviously not going to let the subject drop.

Emma shook her head and turned away. "Not everyone can be as particular in their income as you are, Dimitri."

"Are you saying this man was your only choice? I refuse to believe that. You have an education, you're smart and you can think."

Turning on him, she snapped, "Yes, I have half of my college education. The other half I stopped in order to come marry you."

"Are you saying it's my fault?"

"Absolutely not. I made my choices," she said, swallowing the pain and regret that almost overwhelmed her. "I don't look back. The man paid me a salary, I had hours that worked with my schedule and it was a mindless job, exactly what I needed at that time in my life."

"That time is over, Emma!" he was glaring right back at her, unwilling to stop the quarrel until she relented on her position that the job with the abusive boss was all she could hope for.

"Fine," she snapped back, just to get on with the day and stop this pointless arguing. Then the humor of the situation grabbed her and she chuckled. "If you say not to accept an abusive employer, do you count in that area?"

If anything, his anger increased. ""I'm not your employer. You are my wife!"

She couldn't contain another burst of laughter. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to imply that. Of course, if you were my employer, I would be considered your mistress and since I don't like that...well, we won't go there," she said, but her eyes showed her amusement. "But thank you very much for thinking I'm worth more than what Dennis doles out. It's nice to know that you think more of me. I'll try and remember that."

His surprise at her humor showed in his expression and Emma had to fight the urge to laugh once again, knowing it would not help her cause. "Come along," he said and dropped his hands from her arms. "We're late."

Emma followed after him, grabbing her purse as she did. She smiled, wondering what Dennis was thinking right at the moment. He really was a vile man. She almost wished Dimitri would go through with his threats, just to put Dennis out of business. After all the miserable hours she'd had to endure his unjustified temper, the man deserved some of it back at him. And he would just hire another person who was feeling down and defenseless and the cycle would continue.

The limousine drove them quickly to the airport. Since they were taking one of Dimitri's private jets, there was no need to go through security. In fact, as soon as they arrived at the airport, they were able to simply walk onto the plane which taxied onto the runway as soon as their seatbelts were fastened.

Emma was secretly thrilled when the plane flew over the city of Rome. She tried to sit back in her seat and appear casual about the imminent landing, but when the plane circled the city, she couldn't tear her eyes away, holding her breath as the wheels touched down gently. She could barely keep her seatbelt on as the plane taxied to the gate.

She loved the idea of traveling and had always wanted to do more, but had only had the opportunity to travel Greece. During their marriage, Dimitri had traveled a great deal but had always said he would be too busy to show her around the city so she should stay home where he knew she was safe.

At the time, she'd accepted that statement but had wished it was different. She loved traveling. New sights, new sounds, foods and textures...plus the history of all of it. She loved every part of it. Many people didn't like traveling because of the getting to and coming from aspect. And Emma could understand that to a point. Getting to Greece six years ago had been a hassle. But traveling with Dimitri was simple. Even getting through customs was simplified since there was a special area for VIPs to go instead of having to walk through the normal lines.

Of course, the man was completely unaware of her excitement since he spoke on the phone during almost the entire flight. As soon as the ducked into the limousine, he made yet another call, completely ignoring Emma as she watched in awe as the sites of the city passed by their window. Dimitri accompanied her to the hotel and Emma tried not to allow her mouth to fall open at the amazing suite of rooms at their disposal. There was even a small kitchen which Dimitri was unaware of as he settled into the suite

"There is a butler to see to the unpacking," he said casually as he took out his cell phone. "I've also ordered credit cards to be delivered to you. They should be here in about an hour. If there's anything else you need, just give my assistant a call and he'll arrange for it to be sent to you," he explained absently and started walking out the door. He was almost to the exit when he stopped and turned around. "Oh, one more thing. Rico will be your body guard. He'll be with you no matter where you go," he said, referring to a bulky man in a dark suit standing at attention beside the door. "He speaks English, Italian, Greek and French and will be around to watch out for you." Without another word, Dimitri walked out of the suite.

Emma looked over at the man named Rico who was standing at attention against the wall. She was impressed with his bulk as well as the serious expression on his stern looking face. Dimitri was also muscular but his had more of a lithe strength. Rico wasn't nearly as tall but what he lacked in height, he made up for in brawn but there was no way this man could be considered short. He was still several inches taller than Emma and looked very intimidating.

Emma smiled at the man tentatively. "Well, I guess you drew the short straw, eh?" she joked. But the man didn't crack a smile. He simply bowed slightly and then continued to look politely in her direction.

The silence in the suite was deafening. She searched frantically for something to do or say to ease the bizarre moment. "Yes, well," Emma said awkwardly. "Do you know what time Dimitri will be back?"

"I believe he will be busy until this evening. I also understand that he will be escorting you to a restaurant tonight."

Emma's eyes widened at that. "Really?" Emma almost laughed at the ridiculous conversation. "Is there anything else my husband forgot to tell me?" she asked, trying with difficulty to maintain a straight face.

"I have no additional information, Mrs. Christoph."

Again, the man bowed slightly.

Emma chuckled at that. "Okay then. I'm glad we have that straightened out." Looking around, she took in the amazing suite of rooms. "Where do you sleep?" she asked.

"We have separate quarters, ma'am."

Why didn't that surprise her? She knew that Dimitri liked his privacy but it seemed like an awful expense. But then she had to remind herself that Dimitri's wealth had always been beyond her comprehension. net worth but knew it was in the billions. billions because once it got up to those kinds of numbers, it was more than enough. She really had no idea about his personal

She didn't even want to know how many

"I think I'll just unpack, although I'm not even sure how long we'll be here." A thought occurred to her and she turned back to Rico. She raised her eyebrows curiously. "Do you know?"

"For at least one week, depending on the progression of Mr. Christoph's business negotiations."

"Ah," she responded. "I'm not sure if I want them to hurry along or slow down. Perhaps after I unpack, I could explore the city a little. Would that be inconvenient for you?" she asked, unsure of how much she was allowed to do and what she shouldn't ask of Rico or Dimitri.

"I would be more than happy to accompany you anywhere you would like to go."

"Really?" Emma asked, thrilled with that news. "I don't suppose you could recommend where to start? I'm afraid I was told about this trip an hour before our departure so I wasn't able to obtain a tour guide."

Rico hesitated before saying, "Perhaps you would like to see the major sights first? Such as the Coliseum, the Pantheon, and of course, the Basilica with all of the frescos painted by Da Vinci."

Emma was delighted. "Oh, that sounds wonderful. Let me just change into clothes that are more practical for walking about the city and we can be on our way."

Rico stopped her with a raised hand. "You do not need to walk about, Mrs. Christoph. A car is at your disposal and will take you everywhere."

Emma loved that idea but hesitated. "I don't need a car, do I? Wouldn't that be awfully exp..." she stopped herself just in time. "I guess I shouldn't worry about money, should I?"

Rico's face remained impassive and he didn't reply. Emma took that as a "No". She grimaced and picked up her purse again. "Well, if I won't be doing much exercise, I guess we can be off. I just need to stop at a bank and get some money."

"That has been taken care of," Rico explained politely.

Emma chuckled. "I'm guessing that everything has been taken care of. Is that right?"

"We try to anticipate your needs, ma'am."

Emma shook her head in amazement and walked out ahead of Rico who held the door for her. She was a little taken aback by the way Rico's eyes casually surveyed the lobby and the sidewalk as she walked out with him. It made her very nervous. Was the threat of kidnapping really that high? Should she perhaps go back upstairs and be safe? No, that was ridiculous. She was sure Rico was just being overly cautious. By the end of the day, she was used to the man that constantly walked behind her, always alert, ready with funds for any museum she wanted to wander through and even offering suggestions on different places to go and areas of interest.

By the end of the afternoon, Emma had had a wonderful day but her feet were aching. She had been driven all over the city, but walking through the museums or up the stairs of the Coliseum or whatever she was standing in line for, her three inch heels were not comfortable. Tennis shoes were a priority for the next day if she was going anywhere.

She was almost hobbling into the suite that evening and all she wanted was to soak her aching feet in a warm tub of water. Slipping off her shoes, she looked across at Rico who was still standing alertly by the doorway. "Rico, you're going to have to relax. Don't you want to go get something to eat?" she asked, rubbing her feet to try and ease some of the pain. "We barely had lunch with all the rushing around I was dragging you through."

"I will remain until Mr. Christoph arrives," he explained, apparently unperturbed by the need to stand up by the front door.

"If I go into the bedroom to lay down for a while, will you then relax and have a seat?" she asked.

He wouldn't answer her initial question but said instead, "You could also soak in the Jacuzzi tub." He said the words but the red that crept into his cheeks was instantaneous and charming to Emma who had started to think the man was a walking robot.

Emma smiled, delighted by both the idea of a hot bath as well as Rico's sweet embarrassment. "Thank you. I think that would be a lovely idea." word, she stood up on her sore feet and hobbled into the bedroom. faucet to the large tub that looked more like a mini pool than a bathtub, then added bubbles and lavender scent. She stripped off the uncomfortable suit, tossing it onto the bed to take care of later.

Without another

She turned on the

As she sank into the hot water with the jets massaging her aching muscles, she thought about her well-worn jeans and tennis shoes at her apartment back in London. She would love to coddle her feet in the softness of those shoes, but she suspected that Dimitri might object to his wife wearing something so casual. He had commented many times during their relationship how much he liked one outfit or another, all of which were tailored and made of the best materials. And she was relatively certain that his shopping spree yesterday was not to be ignored.

She leaned her head back against a rolled up towel, her eyes closed as the jets worked their magic. She was so relaxed that she didn't immediately hear the door open or close. It was more the water moving in a different direction that alerted her to someone else's presence and she started, sitting up quickly.

"Relax," Dimitri said as he stepped into the water and leaned back, his eyes closely watching her.

Emma could barely keep her own eyes off of his chest and muscular arms. "I don't think that's possible when you are around," she whispered. Then could have bit her tongue when she realized what she'd just said, what she'd revealed about her feelings for him. She had to remind herself of the temporary nature of their relationship. There was an end and she could make it bearable or the near death experience she'd had the last time she'd been with him.

Dimitri laughed at her words and her obvious shock and embarrassment but then relaxed again, running his fingers through his now damp hair. "I think I'll take that as a compliment," he said. "What did you do today?"

Emma had to focus, licking her lips and forcing her eyes to his face and away from his magnificent body visible above the water. "Today?" She watched as the bubbles lifted and popped so close to his amazing chest and the bulging muscles in his arms relaxed against the marble rim of the tub.

"Yes. Where did you go? What did you see? I'm guessing you went shopping, eh?"

Emma almost shook her head in an effort to follow his conversation. "Today." She thought hard, looking down at the bubbles, at the towels beside the bath, out the window, anywhere that would get her eyes off of his gorgeous body that she wanted again, even though she'd been satisfied by him so may times just last night. His body had always fascinated her and she desperately wanted to touch him, to feel his rough skin with her fingertips.

Dimitri laughed softly. "Yes. It wasn't that long ago. Try to remember where you went and how you spent your time while I was in meetings, dear. Did you buy some new clothes? Or perhaps a new purse? Most women love to be coordinated and I probably didn't give you enough time yesterday to make all the silly choices in accessories that women find essential."

Emma blushed and looked back up at him. "Rico and I went to the Coliseum and the Roman baths..." Once she started talking, the excitement about all she'd seen during the day took over her embarrassment over being naked in the bath with him only a few feet away, equally naked. She went on and on about the sights she saw and the museums she'd gone through. "Oh, Dimitri it was wonderful! I had such a lovely day," she finally finished. Her smile faded somewhat when she noticed his slightly amused expression. Obviously he still found her childish. Biting her lip, she shrugged her shoulders as if she could pretend a sort of casualness she definitely wasn't feeling. "What did you do today?" she asked, quickly changing the subject.

His eyes widened and she could see the surprise in his dark, brown eyes. He was obviously surprised by her question but he finally answered. "I had meetings."

Emma smiled as politely as possible given their current position and swirling, bubbling water. "What were the meetings about? Where they long? Difficult?" She never realized it, but she'd never asked about his day when they'd been together before. She'd been too excited to see him, she hadn't wanted anything to interfere with her time alone with him. It occurred to her now that she had probably missed out on a large understanding of who he is and what made him tick.

She thought he was going to give her another short answer, but instead, he put his arms against the back of the tub and said, "We're considering buying another fleet of ships and were discussing the pros and cons of the various ships for sale."

"Does one type of ship make a difference over another?" she asked, genuinely interested now that he'd revealed something of his work.

"Yes. Some are more fuel efficient, some have larger cargos. Also the staff that goes with them and how well trained they are is a consideration."

"Couldn't you just get rid of the people who don't work well once you buy the ship?"

"Yes. And we would do that, but if the people who replace them aren't experienced, they won't treat the ship well to begin with and there might be mechanical issues down the road if they didn't do proper maintenance."

"Are there many options?"

"Sure, we could just order a new fleet from the factory."

"Isn't that more expensive?"

"Possibly short term," he explained. "But long term, it could save millions of dollars."

Emma nodded her head, absorbing all of the information. "So what are you doing to do?" she asked.

"That's one of the reasons I'm here, to meet with the owners of the current fleet and have them explain the benefits of buying their fleet."

"Why don't you have them come to you?"

"Don't like traveling, my love?" he asked, raising one eyebrow.

"Oh, no! Please don't get that impression," she said with feeling. "I love it in fact. This is an extra treat!"

"Confusing, when one assumes that being with me would be the first treat, but that's not the case, is it Emma?" he said and lifted her leg up so her foot was in his lap. "Rico said you were sore from walking around."

Emma was grateful that he quickly changed the subject, not sure how she would respond to his comment. "Yes. We waked a great deal today," she said, slightly breathless as she stared at him with wide eyes. Her foot was in his lap, his lap was completely naked and the water was swirling around them, bouncing against her body. A moment later, she moaned in ecstasy as Dimitri started massaging her feet, her instep in particular was sore from the lack of support in the shoes. "That feels wonderful." She leaned her head back against the rim, unable to focus on anything when his hands were creating such wonderful feelings in her foot and calf.

"You know Rico is married," Dimitri said.

Emma smiled but kept her eyes closed and her head against the lip of the tub. "Yes. And he has a little girl. Her name is Deorsay. She's blond with pretty blue eyes, just like her mother."

"So you can't seduce him," was Dimitri's answer.

Emma snatched her foot away and looked up at him, hurt but knowing she had no right to be. She'd betrayed him once by leaving. Why should he trust her now? "Yes. I think Rico is a very nice man, but he's not my type," she said and then stood up to leave the tub. She quickly grabbed a towel to cover her nakedness.

Dimitri watched as she left the water, the suds floating down her satin skin. He was already hard and ready for her and watching her leave in anger only increased his desire. So many of the women he had dated before and after Emma had bowed down to him, catering to his every whim. None of them had stood up to him and pushed him away. None would ever dare to walk out on him no matter how insensitive he was. None had gotten under his skin like she had.

Damn her!

Standing up in the water himself, he pulled a towel off the shelf and dried, walking determinedly toward the door she'd disappeared through. There was only one bedroom in the suite so he had no worries that she'd disappear into a guest room as she'd done last night.

Sure enough, she was sitting at the dressing table combing her hair, glaring at him angrily in the mirror. "I think we need to set some ground rules for the next six months," she said, pulling the comb brutally through her blond hair in her anger.

"Such as?" he asked. There was no way he would follow any rules she set out for him. This relationship would be on his terms, unlike their marriage where he'd allowed her to stay home while he traveled, or permitted his mother to hostess their parties. She had the money she'd asked for. As far as he was concerned, he'd bought and paid for her and she would act and dress exactly as he demanded. But there was a certain amount of curiosity in what she would request. He wanted to hear her demands, as amusing as they might be.

Emma took a deep breath and tightened the belt of the robe she was wearing. It was one of the hotel's fluffy white robes that covered her from neck to ankle but she still felt vulnerable since she was wearing nothing underneath.

"First of all, if the next six months is simply to procreate, there's no need for us to...." She waved her hand in the air in the general direction of the bed, "you know," she said when he simply raised an eyebrow enquiringly, "sleep together," she finished finally, "when it is impossible for me to get pregnant." Gasping, she looked startled at her words, afraid of what she might have revealed. Quickly, she looked across the room towards is face, trying to gauge if he'd understood her words. When she only saw his impassive face, she let out the breath she'd been holding and turned away. Trying to recover, she said, "I mean, when I can't get pregnant during the month," she stammered out, "so there's no need when the time isn't possible during the month."

"Turn around Emma," Dimitri said with menace.

Knowing he would only come across the room and turn her around physically, she did as he asked, afraid of this touch and what it would do to her. Did he catch her mistake? Was he going to call her on her comment and demand an explanation? She trembled as she faced him, her eyes unable to look up at his face.

Dmitri watched as her face paled. Intriguing, he thought to himself. "So you're saying you won't have sex with me now since you can't get pregnant?" he asked.

Her lips paled with his words and she shook her head frantically, her hand shaking as it came up to push her damp hair behind her ear. "No, that's not what I said. I said there's no need to have sex when the time of the month is not conducive to conceiving," she clarified almost frantically.

Dmitri continued to watch, waiting. He didn't understand the significance of her words but he would file them away and analyze them later, he thought. "What other rules would you like to suggest?" he asked smoothly.

Nervously, the breath of air that she'd been holding slowly exhaled when he didn't continue with that line of questioning.

Clasping her hands together, she looked at the bed. "In the same vein, I need my own bed. I won't sleep with you for the next six months."

He chuckled at her words. "I don't remember sleeping much last night. Moreover, besides the first time, I wasn't the one initiating the sex."

Emma quickly turned away. "Yes, well, that was just..." she searched again, desperate to keep her emotions out of this relationship, "memories," she finished.

"Nice memories," he laughed.

"Stop it!" she cried, spinning around and moving toward him, her anger uppermost in her mind. "I hate it when you do that! It isn't fair. You don't know anything so just stop it!"

She flailed at him, wanting to hurt him just as much as she was hurting but instead of hitting hard muscle, her wrists were captured mid air and her body pulled against him. "I know that you left me and ran to the arms of another man! I know that you gave me no explanation and showed up on my doorstep, figuratively speaking, asking for a handout. So don't tell me I don't know anything, Emma. I know enough! I also know that I'm not taking any rules from you. You made your deal yesterday. There were no ridiculous conditions when you took my money and no qualms about spending it immediately. So don't try to lay on ridiculous demands now that the deal has been struck."

Her whole body froze and her terrified eyes looked up into his angry ones. "How do you know that I've already spent it?" she demanded.

His hands which had been holding her wrists, slid down to her waist, pulling her against his hard body, bending her backwards. "I have my sources, Emma. Never doubt that. It took less than twenty four hours before all the money was gone." He pulled her closer, twisting so she was off balance and had to lean into him or fall to the carpet. "What did you spend your money on, my darling wife?"

"None of your business," she said, but her eyes showed her fear. "Stay away from my accounts, Dmitri. I never ask you how you spend your money. Don't ask me how I spend mine."

"Ah, but that's the heart of the matter, I think. Because, my lovely little cheater, you're spending your money on your lover, and that, I simply won't have. So get rid of him," he said. A moment later, his mouth covered hers in a ravenous kiss and no matter how much she wished she could stop him, the desire flared up, overwhelming her and pushing out all rational thought.

As soon as she started to respond, he lifted his head, triumph reflected in his eyes as he said, "Unfortunately, my dear, we can't continue with this delightful little interlude. We are meeting some clients for dinner tonight." He stepped away from her, dropping her hands and turning his back on her passion glazed complexion. "Get dressed. It's formal."

He disappeared into the dressing room and Emma stood in the middle of the room, shaking with both anger and desire. How could he do that to her so easily?

Groaning, she turned on her heal and walked to the opposite side of the room where her clothes had been stored. Surveying the selection, she started to reach for a yellow dress that draped across the model yesterday when she viewed it. "Wear the red one," he said from directly behind her and reached around to pull the red, chiffon dress off the hanger, shoving it into her arms as if it were a stuffed animal instead of a designer original that had cost him more than six months of her previous pay.

Glaring at his back did no good and, to be honest, she didn't care if she wore the red or the yellow. Deciding to pick her battles, she slipped the robe off her shoulders and pulled on underwear, sliding the beautiful red dress on over the sexy red lace panties. Since the dress had spaghetti straps, she couldn't wear a bra, but the dress had enough support that it wasn't needed anyway.

Thankfully, the store had thought to send along shoes with each of the outfits and she pulled on a pair of sandals that looked like nothing more than pieces of satin going across the tops of her feet.

She applied a light coating of makeup and started to brush her hair, intending to pull it into a twist on her head. But his bark, "Leave it down," riled her enough so she pulled it back into a tight bun, making sure no wisps of hair escaped to soften the look. She did it only to rile him because he was being so arrogant and autocratic. And also because he left the room at that moment so he couldn't see her disobedience and counter it immediately. It was a small, cowardly action but it made her feel better to thwart him in some small way.

He'd told her that they had to leave by seven thirty for their eight o'clock reservations. So she stepped into the living room where he was waiting for her at exactly seven thirty, forcing herself to wait until that moment so there would be no time to change her hair. She'd contemplated changing into the yellow dress after the hair command, but wasn't going to push him too far.

As soon as she closed the bedroom door, he spun around, his eyes narrowing when he saw her hair pinned up. "I told you to leave your hair down, Emma. Go back and change it," he ordered.

Emma pulled the shawl higher on her shoulders and looked away from him. "No. I don't think I will," she said, trying to appear calm, meanwhile, she was a roiling mass of nerves. She'd never pushed him before. She'd disagreed with his opinions on certain subjects but that had only amused him. This was the first time she'd directly disobeyed an order from him. Actually, it was the first time he'd ever given her a direct order. So they were even, she thought.

"Emma, you don't want to go there," he warned, his voice silky smooth, but dangerous as he walked across the living room toward her. His eyes were dark and intent as he took in her pale complexion. He could see the signs of nervousness even when he was several feet away.

Emma looked up at him, daring him to touch her. "I thought we had reservations for eight o'clock. Are we going to wait?"

He crossed his arms over his chest and glared right back. "We might," he countered.

"Fine, then you'll need to change your tie."

That stunned him into speechlessness for all of five seconds. "Why the hell would I change my tie?" he demanded.

"Because I like the paisley one better," she explained.

Dmitri almost laughed out loud at her audacity. He restrained himself, but barely. He didn't want to go to this dinner tonight. He wanted to pick her up and toss her onto the bed in the other room and make love to her until she couldn't argue any longer.

"Why do you like the paisley one?" he asked, subduing his amusement to better understand her.

Emma shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know. The solid one just looks a little more forbidding. And you definitely don't need any more menace to your image.'

Dimitri laughed but he didn't argue with her about her hair any more. He put a hand to the small of her back and led her out the door. "You win this round, little one. But don't get too cocky. And next time I tell you to do something, I expect you to obey me."

Emma bit her lip and shrugged her shoulders slightly. "I might," she said, gaining confidence despite his threat since she'd won this round. She couldn't believe Dimitri had backed down. Well, he hadn't actually backed down as much as he'd just ignored her defiance. But she would take the small victories.

Emma looked at her reflection in the mirror nervously. The soft pink dress flattered her complexion and hugged her slim waist, making her feel pretty. It had been two weeks since she'd returned and so far, Dimitri had given her a wide berth. On the night after that first evening out, she'd fallen asleep in the limousine on the ride home, his shoulder acting as her pillow. He hadn't made love to her that night, nor any night since. They'd even had separate bedrooms. She knew that was what she'd asked for, but to actually get it was making her crazy with need for him.

She glanced up when Dmitri walked into the room and a noticed his survey of her appearance. Turning away from the mirror, she pretended to ignore him but it was almost impossible. Each time he entered a room, all her thoughts were centered on him, her body completely attuned to every move he made. She wished it were different but had to face reality and come up with a way to protect herself.

"You look lovely," he said.

Emma jumped. She hadn't been expecting a compliment. Turning to look at him, she smiled tentatively. "Thank you." Looking at his amazing body in the tuxedo, she couldn't help but reply, "You look pretty nice yourself."

His eyes didn't change but they held her gaze captive as he approached. "Why aren't you wearing any jewelry?" he asked when he was less than an inch away from her.

Emma's hand instantly went to her bare neckline. "I don't have any," she said quickly, tearing her eyes away from his. She stepped back and walked around him, needing air.

"I gave you several pieces that would go well with that dress. Why don't you put one on?"

Emma swung back to him. "I didn't take them with me," she gasped. "I only left with what I brought."

His eyes darkened as he slipped his hands into his pockets. "Why is that?" he asked.

Emma shrugged and busied herself with putting on her watch. "Perhaps I didn't think I deserved them." She shivered at how close that statement came to her secret and quickly spoke to cover her mistake. "Are you saying that you kept all the jewelry? You haven't sold it or given it to someone else?"

"Why would I give it to someone else?" he asked.

Emma turned away, frantically coming up with a change of subject. "I don't know." Sighing, she checked her watch. "Shouldn't we head downstairs?" she suggested.

"In a moment," he asked and walked over to the dressing table and pulled out the hidden safe. Pressing the buttons, the lock released and Emma watched in horror as he pulled out the diamond and ruby necklace he gave to her on their honeymoon. She'd worn it several times during their marriage, had even chosen dresses so she would have an excuse to wear it. She didn't love the necklace because of its monetary value although she suspected it was worth more than most people's houses. The value of this necklace, in Emma's mind, was completely sentimental. Dmitri had given her this necklace the night of their wedding after the most wonderful lovemaking imaginable. Lying in bed, naked and sipping champagne, he'd pulled a flat box out from underneath the pillow. When Emma had gasped in disbelief at the amazing stones glittering from the black velvet, Dmitri had chuckled and draped it around her neck. Then proceeded to make love to her once again.

Staring at the gorgeous necklace in his large hand, she shivered as the memories flowed through her, causing her heart to ache with pain. "I can't wear that," she whispered, her words strangled as she struggled to speak through a throat that had suddenly closed up.

"Why not?" he asked, advancing on her, the glittering jewels dangling from his fingers like sparkling rain.

"It doesn't match my dress," she replied lamely. "Of course it does," he countered. "Turn around," he said, stopping in front of her and waiting for her to comply with his command.

Emma shook her head violently. "No. I don't want to wear those. What about the pearl necklace? That would be fine."

"Nonsense. The pearls won't look right. Turn around," he ordered again and waited patiently while she fought her inner struggle.

There was nothing she could do but turn since he was absolutely correct. The pearls were not the right style and would look too casual for the chiffon dress. Emma turned slowly, frantically trying to come up with another excuse or a better necklace to wear. Anything that would keep those glittering diamonds and rubies from touching her skin, loving her throat with their brilliance.

She shivered when she felt the cold stones against her neck. "Problem?" he asked from behind her.

"No. Everything is fine," she said, wishing she sounded more confident.

His hands finished with the clasp then laid his hands on her shoulders, turning her around. "That looks perfect. Let's head down," he said and left the bedroom without a backwards glance to see if she followed him.

Emma sighed heavily and looked around at the beautiful bedroom. It was like a gilded cage, she thought. And her keeper was tormenting her with desire, with a slight touch, with a look that told her he knew exactly what she was thinking, what she wanted and she'd have to demand it before she could taste the ecstasy again. The silent battle was raging and she didn't know if she had the strength to continue.

Did he not want her any longer? Was their one night together all he needed from her? Besides the baby, she reminded herself. But did he still want that? No mention of children had been brought up for two weeks. Surely he would start demanding she fulfill the terms of their agreement, wouldn't he?

Emma hesitated, her fingers reverently touching the necklace. Inhaling with effort, Emma turned and followed Dmitri down the stairs, startled to find him standing at the door waiting for her. "Sorry," she whispered and quickly walked around him.

"No problem," he replied.

The doorbell rang when they were midway down the spiral staircase but Dharr opened the door. The two people who entered were unfamiliar to Emma but Dmitri immediately moved forward to greet them.

The man was handsome but not nearly as tall or muscular as Dmitri. Emma hung back slightly, waiting patiently for an introduction. She was not in a hurry to interrupt their conversation until the woman in the tight satin dress with more cleavage than any woman had a right to own, stepped up and looped her arm through Dmitri's. Emma had never felt fury rise up so quickly as she did at that moment. With a red haze of fury blinding her, Emma quickly moved forward, extending her hand to introduce herself.

"Good evening. I'm Emma. Dmitri's wife," she said, emphasizing the last word. The woman's beautiful face looked started at first but she disengaged her arm and took Emma's hand.

She recouped perfectly and gave a chilling smile as she shook Emma's hand. "It's nice to meet you, Emma," the woman said, her tone patronizing. "I'm Monica Di Santori and this is my brother, David. Please forgive my surprise, but we were under the impression that our Dmitri was separated with rumors circulating that he is well on his way to a divorce. Meeting you is a...pleasant occasion," she said, hesitating over the "pleasant" adjective.

Emma forced a smile to her face although she suspected it was just as insincere as Monica's. "Yes, Dmitri is full of surprises, isn't he?" she said and looped her own arm through Dmitri's, challenging the woman to leave her partner alone. "Shall we move off to the living room for drinks while we wait for the other guests to arrive?" Emma suggested with saccharin sweetness.

"Of course," Monica replied, obviously sizing Emma up as they moved from the marble foyer to the living room.

She smiled politely to the servant standing behind the bar. "Jimmy, a bourbon for Mr. Christophe, please." Turning to Monica and David, she asked, "What can I get both of you to drink?" she asked.

"I'll have the same," David replied affably.

Emma smiled back, immediately liking the older gentleman. Then turned to Monica. "And for you?"

Monica shrugged her shoulders and gave her drink order directly to Jimmy, completely ignoring Emma as the hostess. Emma ignored the insult since more guests were arriving, escorted by the butler. She moved off from the trio, more than willing to get away from the irritating woman even if she were to try and get her claws into Dimitri. Let her have him, she thought as she smiled graciously at the next couple entering the living room. Perhaps then she would be able to leave this hellish existence where she waited each night for Dimitri to come to her and make love to her. It was no longer about the baby, she knew. It was now only about her desire for the man living somewhere in this huge house and her own lonely existence.

Ten more guests in all arrived and Emma greeted each with a confidence she'd never had before. Working in a bookstore and dress shop, she had come to realize that most people weren't as intimidating as she'd thought four years ago. She glanced once at Dmitri during the pre-dinner drinks period of the evening and smothered a smile when she caught him looking at her curiously. She was proud of the confidence she'd found and wondered how much of it had to do with the fact that Stasha wasn't here overseeing her.

Dmitri's mother was a wonderful person and Emma had genuinely loved the woman, grateful for everything she'd taught her about entertaining. If it hadn't been for her, Emma would have made so many mistakes, she might have hurt Dmitri's company. But now, having to do things on her own, she found that all of Stasha's lessons came back to her immediately and she was able to hold conversations with each of the guests, ensure that everyone had a drink in hand and the appetizers flowed smoothly. All the while, surveying the guests to make sure that no one was standing alone, feeling awkward.

When dinner was served, Emma tried to suppress the feeling of fury she felt when Monica somehow managed to sit next to Dmitri. She was too far away to hear the conversation since so many people were discussing politics and different topics at her end of the formal dining room table, but she gritted her teeth each time the obnoxious woman touched Dmitri's arm or leaned forward, ostensibly laughing at something he or another guest said but the woman's cleavage was too obvious to ignore as she leaned over with her amusement.

By the time the main course was brought out, the guests were laughing and the conversational level was high so Emma knew the night was a success. But all she could see was the terrible woman making obvious passes at her husband right in front of her.

She was glad when she was able to stand, indicating that the dinner portion of the meal was over. "Shall we adjourn to the living room for coffee?" she suggested. Everyone rose along with her but her eyes were glued to the opposite end of the table when Monica put a hand on Dmitri's arm once again, but this time to stall him in the dining room.

Emma had no choice but to lead the group into the living room, leaving Dmitri and Monica alone. But she wasn't happy. In fact, she barely heard anything people said as they all found seats in the plush living area where the sofa curved around a now blazing fire. She feigned graciousness as she helped one of the servants pour coffee and brandy, meanwhile, keeping an eye on the doorway. She was only mildly relieved when she saw the two of them enter the room but had to turn away when Monica somehow managed to maneuver them into a relatively secluded area of the room, talking privately with him and continuing to give him a good view of her cleavage.

It was almost midnight when most of the guests left. The only people remaining were Monica and David and another couple, Jeffrey and Sonya, both of whom Emma knew from the past and had greeted her warmly. As the six of them sat around the warm fire, talking and laughing, Emma grew more and more furious. Dmitri was doing nothing to push Monica away. He wasn't actually encouraging her, but nor was he discouraging her blatant behavior. Emma had already received several pitying looks from the other guests during the evening.

"I don't think anything of the sort," Monica was saying with an authoritative tone, laughing in her grating way. "I think the entire conference was well encapsulated in the report written by Larry Grant. It was just published and gave a very good accounting of the education system across Europe." She looked around at the others, waiting for their agreement of her superior knowledge and grasp of European politics.

"I think there are other opinions that weren't well incorporated into that report," Dmitri said softly. "What about the book you were telling me about earlier?" he asked, trying to change the subject.

The other five guests immediately understood Dimitri's warning tone. But Monica was oblivious. She was obviously trying to impress Dimitri with her knowledge but was unknowingly insulting the other guests. "Oh, but I disagree. Anyone with any kind of a spine would have ensured that their opinions were incorporated. So whoever didn't get included, perhaps they shouldn't have been on the committee to begin with."

Emma had had enough. She watched as Sonya's hand gently touched Jeffrey's tense arm and was impressed when she saw him visibly relax under his wife's gentle charm, the two of them exchanging a look. Emma knew she should keep her mouth shut. She saw that both Jeffrey and Sonya were overlooking Monica's rude comments but Emma was not that kind and she just couldn't sit around any longer while the irritating woman tried to steal her husband. If she'd been a little more subtle, then maybe Emma would have ignored it. But good manners and a sincere appreciation for Jeffrey's efforts were more important now.

"I beg to differ with you, Monica," Emma said, her voice polite but her eyes were hard as she watched the other woman tear her gaze away from Dmitri.

Monica laughed with a patronizing tone and said, "Of course you do, dear. That's very nice of you."

Emma could not take it any longer. "Personally, I thought that Mr. Grant's text was tedious and difficult to read, containing numerous run on sentences. In fact, there's a different book that has just recently been published which is much more articulate but has the virtue of being succinct. I thought it was very poor that Mr. Grant took three pages to say the same thing this newer, more professional version said in one paragraph."

Monica's smile faded slightly when Emma sounded so authoritative. But Emma wasn't finished. "In fact, I think the only good aspect of Mr. Grant's version of the conference and the outcome was his press agent." Turning to Jeffrey, she smiled politely. "Jeffrey, you were on the committee yourself. Perhaps the book you just published should receive a better agent. I know a woman named Sylvia Tyler from London. She's an old school friend of mine. I'll give her a ring tomorrow and perhaps there's something that can be done to improve your version of the education situation."

Sonya had started smiling when Emma began speaking but her smile broke into a grin when Emma spoke up, defending her husband.

Jeffrey winked at her as he said, "I'd be forever grateful for your help, Emma."

Emma nodded happily. "You deserve it. I didn't agree with Mr. Grant's pedantic, stuffy evaluation nor his use of membership on the committee for his own benefit. Your version is more comprehensive and inclusive and definitely should be heard by a wider audience."

Monica's face clearly showed her embarrassment at insulting what was obviously a good friend of Dmitri's as well as being uninformed of the topic she'd been patronizing about. "Well, its good to have friends in high places, isn't it Jeffrey?" she asked, trying desperately to recover.

David burst out laughing and stood up. "I believe I'll drag my sister out of here on that note." Walking over to Emma, he took her hand in his and said, "It was indeed a pleasure to meet you Emma Christophe. I hope this isn't the last time our paths cross." He kissed her hand gallantly, then turned to Sonya and Jeffrey. "Jeffrey, please excuse my rude sister. She meant no insult in your direction," he excused. "I'll make sure to pick up a version of your book tomorrow. Good luck with Emma's press agent. I hope that works out both for you as well as for our education system."

Turning to his sister, he put a hand behind her back. "Come along, Monica. I believe you've insulted enough people tonight."

Monica wanted to protest but David was having none of that. He pulled her along, literally, in his wake while Monica continued to wrestle her wrist free of his hold.

Jeffrey and Sonya chuckled as the couple left and Emma tensed, suddenly afraid of what Dmitri might think of her. She'd done so well all evening, holding her tongue and ignoring the insults from Monica, swallowing her jealousy.

"We need to head out as well," Sonya said, standing up with her husband. "But thank you so much for your help tonight, Emma. It was a lovely party and I appreciate your graciousness."

With his arm around his lovely wife's back, Jeffrey turned to face Dimitri. "You asked that I stay after the others departed and I know you wanted to talk to me but I hope it can wait until tomorrow. I think I'm a little talked out at the moment and I'd like to get this little lady home."

"I'll walk you out," Dmitri said.

Emma looked at his face, trying to determine if he was angry or not. But his features didn't give anything away. He disappeared through the doorway and Emma wasn't going to wait around to see if he was angry or not.

She walked upstairs to the bedroom and took a nightgown out. She was just about to walk out of the bedroom when he walked in and closed the door. Taking off his cufflinks, he tossed them onto his dresser. "Quite a night for you, wasn't it?" he asked softly.

Emma thought of all that had happened during the evening and became furious over the way Monica had draped herself on his arm. "You had a nice show," was all she would say and walked around the bed. She had no idea where he slept each night but she wasn't going to share a bed with him tonight. Not after the way he'd been ogling Monica, or more specifically her breasts, all evening. If he intended to sleep in the master bedroom, she'd find another room. There were more than forty bedrooms, so there was no doubt she would be perfectly comfortable somewhere else. She was taking the long way to the door, but she didn't want to get close to him.

When she was a few feet away from the door, he spoke up. "Where do you think you're going?" he demanded, his hand reaching out to capture her arm.

She was startled since he hadn't been there a moment before. Emma had no idea how a man of his size could move so quickly and quietly, but she rallied quickly. "I'm not sleeping with you tonight," she said tightly. "If you want someone to sleep with, go get Monica back. I'm sure she'd be thrilled."

Dmitri laughed. "Ah, my jealous little wife," he said.

"I'm not jealous!" she snapped back. "I'm furious that you would embarrass me like that all evening. How dare you!"

The amusement changed lightning quick to anger and he pulled her closer, looking down into her eyes, "And now you have a small portion of what you dealt to me when you left me to run to your lover's arms four years ago!"

That stopped her cold. Had he really felt this way all those years ago? When she'd run to Brian, she'd had no idea that she'd been followed. If he'd found out that she'd run to another man's arms, not knowing that Brian was her brother, then she could well imagine what he'd been feeling. It was a horrible feeling.

Understanding dawned for the first time and she could understand his initial hostility so much better now. Facing him directly so he could see the sincerity in her face, she said with feeling, "I never betrayed you," hoping to ease some of the pain he was feeling.

"All evidence to the contrary," he replied and pushed her away from him. "You're not going anywhere," he snapped and walked into his dressing room. "You're my wife and you'll be sleeping here. I won't have the servants gossiping," he said although she could no longer see him.

Emma was shaking with anger at his command and a part of her wanted to obey him, knowing what she'd inadvertently put him through when she'd left him. But the other part of her knew that sleeping in that big bed with him would only lead to one thing. No matter how much space there was between them, being in the same room meant she would make love to him. And how dare he tell her that they would be sleeping in the same bed when he'd been somewhere else for the past two weeks! That made absolutely no sense.

She slipped out of the bedroom, deciding to challenge his wrath. It was a large house. Maybe if she found a guest bedroom, she'd be able to hide from him at least until she fell asleep. That would get her through the night, wouldn't it?

Emma walked quickly down the hallway and made it several yards when she was simply picked up and tossed over Dmitri's shoulder. "Put me down, you brute!" she demanded, pounding against his back ineffectually. "You can't make me sleep in this room with you!" she practically screamed. A moment later, the wind was knocked out of her when she landed on her back on the bed.

He didn't give her a chance to wriggle away, but pressed down on her with his full weight. "You want to do this the hard way? Fine," he rasped, and his mouth covered hers, his hands pulling hers up over her head and holding them there with one hand while his other grasped the bodice of her gown. The rip echoed through the room and Emma was so shocked she couldn't even speak. And when his mouth covered her bared breast, she could no longer think much less speak and argue against this kind of treatment.

Dmitri took her with a passion that was unprecedented and after the initial shock, Emma was more than willing to go along with his plans. She was desperate for him, crying out when he took his mouth away from her breast and even begging him to make love to her. He was unrelenting throughout the night. It was as if he were trying to forge himself on her memory. If he'd only asked, she could have told him that the effort was unnecessary. She was so overwhelmed by everything to do with him that she couldn't even think of another man.

Dmitri entered her with a hard, powerful thrust and Emma could no longer hold back. She held him tightly, moving with him and cherishing every moment in his arms. When her climax washed over her, all she could feel was the intense pleasure he gave her as well as the diamond and ruby necklace around her neck. The memories brought tears to her eyes and she cried out her anguish for everything that could have been, the way things should have been if life had been fair. And when the storm subsided and their passion depleted for the moment, she fell asleep cradled tenderly against his side.

Dmitri reached out and turned off the lights, holding Emma in his arms. Staring into the darkness, he thought about everything that had happened in the evening. When Monica and David had first arrived, he'd still been so overwhelmed with anger at Emma for leaving him that he could barely think. He'd left their room and walked out, trying to breathe and gather his thoughts. Placing the necklace on her had only brought back memories of when things had been good and right and his life hadn't been a barren wasteland of pain and emptiness.

Smiling into the darkness, he thought back to her incredible performance tonight as his hostess. She had definitely gained a good deal of confidence while away. He'd been extremely proud of her as she'd organized and hostessed the dinner party tonight. All of the guests had been impressed with her skills, her grace. The evening had been an unprecedented success and he'd had a hard time concentrating on what Monica had been telling him all evening as he'd fought to keep his eyes off of Emma at the opposite end of the table.

When Monica had started her petty little vengeance against Emma, he'd started to defend his wife. But, startlingly, Emma was no longer the sweet little woman he'd married who would cower when attacked. She had spunk and charm and intelligence that had probably been there all along, but had somehow been hidden beneath layers of rules and decorum demanded by his good natured but sometimes domineering mother. Or maybe he just hadn't taken the time to notice it before tonight.

He was definitely noticing now, he thought, pulling her closer to his body. He liked the feisty side of her, had even encouraged it tonight, just to see what she would do. He hadn't expected her to walk out of their bedroom though. Now that he had her here, he'd be dammed if he was going to do without her delectable little body while she was here. He'd never let himself care though. Not the way he had before.

Pulling the knot of his tie to his neck, He turned to face the woman glaring at him in the mirror. He wanted to chuckle at her expression but contained his amusement. After last night, he knew she was mad at him. He didn't really care, he told himself. He had gotten what he wanted and it would serve her right to suffer through a little of his feelings.

"Be ready for dinner tonight. We're going out," he said.

The brush snapped onto her dressing table and she turned in her seat. "What should I do while you're at work today?"

"Anything you'd like. I've given you credit cards so feel free to shop until your mercenary heart desires," he came back.

Standing up, she turned to face him in a fury at his condescending attitude. "Clothes? You want me to go buy more clothes?"

He was torn between the desire to laugh at her outrage and the need to pick her up and kiss her. He did neither, knowing how angry she was over the previous night's dinner party and subsequent storm of passion. Egging her temper higher, he said, "I don't care. Go get your hair done, or your nails. Whatever you want."

Seeing the light of fury increase in her eyes, he sighed heavily. Unfortunately, he didn't have time to get into an argument with her today. He had many meetings today and he suspected that there was something pricking her temper besides last night. "What's really wrong?" he asked, putting his hands on his hips and looking across the room at her.

Forcing her temper to calm down, Emma sighed and shook her head. "I...," she started to say, wishing she could talk to him and make him understand what was bothering her but his belligerent stance told her that she'd get no where with him today. "I just wanted to..." she started again, then looked down despondently. "Nothing," she finished lamely then castigated herself mentally for giving in to her fear of this unpredictable man.

"Fine. I'm leaving," he replied and turned on his heel.

"Dmitri?" she asked, stopping him in his tracks.

"Yes?"

"I was just wondering...well," biting her lip, she struggled with how to phrase her question, "well, when are you traveling again?" she asked.

He stopped and turned to watch her, amused by the anger she tried to hide at his cryptic answers. "That depends."

"On what?"

"On when you're fertile period is," he said and walked back to stand in front of her. He enjoyed the blush that formed over her cheeks.

"Oh. Well, as to that....well, I'm not really all that regular," she stammered out.

That confused him. He thought all women could predict their monthly cycles with pinpoint accuracy. "You're not? Why? That seems a little inconvenient, doesn't it?"

Emma rolled her eyes. "It isn't something I can really control," she said irritably. "Tell me when your last period was," he demanded with what he thought was admirable patience.

"No!" she gasped indignantly.

It was his turn to roll his eyes. "Emma, don't get all shy on me, especially after last night. Besides, we lived as man and wife for two years. Surely you had your period during that time."

"Of course I did," she exclaimed frantically trying to turn away out of embarrassment but he held her arms and even pulled her closer. "But you were always out traveling somewhere so it never became an issue." She stared at his chest while she explained her body's natural but embarrassing cycles.

"I did?" he asked, dumbfounded.

"Yes. It never came up."

"Was I traveling when you were fertile? Is that why we never conceived a child?" he asked softly.

Emma's heart sank. Everything came back to children, didn't it? That was what this whole six months about so it shouldn't surprise her, but the guilt that came with the subject was still painful. "I don't remember but I'm sure it happened occasionally." At least that wasn't a lie. She honestly hadn't tracked her periods during that time period. They hadn't discussed contraception at the time of their wedding, Emma just being ecstatically happy to be with him and all other thoughts were silly side issues compared to being with him.

"When was your last period?" he asked again.

Emma knew the look in his eyes and he wouldn't be put off. Nor should he. He'd paid for her to conceive, the least she could do was to be honest with him about her monthly cycles. "About ten days ago," she finally said.

"And how long do they last?"

"I'm never very regular," she said, turning her face away.

"Fine," he snapped. "Then we'll assume you're either right in or about to enter your fertile period for the next several days. Be ready to leave this afternoon," he said and left her alone, her mouth hanging open.

She ran after him, leaning against the banister as he skipped down the stairwell. "Where are we going?" she asked

"Just pack for hot weather," was all he would say before exiting the front door.

The helicopter touched down on the tropical island and Emma's white knuckle grip on the seat slowly relaxed. Dimitri had been talking with some business acquaintances during the entire flight and she fully expected them to come off the helicopter with them, thereby easing some of the stress during the next few days. If he was occupied by business interests, maybe she would have some way of surviving this trip.

But life was still frowning on her. She watched in astonishment as Dimitri stood up and walked forward, leaving the other gentlemen in the back to continue their work. "Why aren't they getting off the helicopter?" she asked as he took her arm and guided her down the stairs into the humid air of the tropical island.

"Because they aren't coming with us," he said calmly and led her over to a jeep that was quickly being loaded with their luggage. Within only moments, the jeep was pulling away from the tarmac and the helicopter was lifting off again, leaving the two of them very much alone.

"Where are we?" she asked.

"I have an island in the Caribbean. It's off the coast of Venezuela. I'm sure you'll be very comfortable here," he said without taking his eyes off the dirt road.

Emma gritted her teeth as the jeep bumped along the road. The trip was only about fifteen minutes and suddenly the dirt road became paved. Traveling around large palm trees, she gasped when she saw the bright, clear waters out in front of them. The house was equally impressive with white stucco walls and tiled patios shaded with thatched roofs in various places. There were smaller buildings off to the side and Emma suspected they were the servants quarters. She envied the servants, knowing that they would be able to stay in this little oasis year long, just waiting for Dimitri to come along. What an idyllic existence, she thought.

He pulled up outside a great, wooden door and jumped out, coming around to her side of the jeep to help her down. "Ready?" he asked, his eyes hidden by sunglasses.

Emma shook her head. "I don't think I am," she replied.

That brought a smile to his face and he replied, "Don't worry. I'll make sure you're ready in every sense of the word."

That's what she was afraid of, she thought to herself as she climbed out of the jeep. He led her into the house, the front door already opened by a smiling couple. "This is Moira and Divito. They're the keepers while I'm not here. Moira is a fabulous cook. I'm sure you'll find everything you need. If not, just ask and they'll make sure it is delivered to you," he said.

Emma shook htier hands, startled when they looked at her shaking fingers with confusion. They were obviously excited for Dimitri to be here so they could provide for him and they didn't understand her trepidation.

"This way," he said. "Divito, can you bring our luggage upstairs later? We'll just wander around the beach for a while."

Divito bowed and walked out to the jeep to efficiently get their luggage while Dimitri took her hand in his and led her up a winding stair case to the second level. She knew exactly what he was going to do and she followed along nervously but obediently. This was what she'd signed up for and, although they'd shared a bed a couple of times since her return, she was having trouble blinding following him for a seduction scene.

"Don't you have work you need to do? I'm sure I can occupy myself on the beach if you need to work,' she said desperately.

"Nope. I've delegated everything to my staff. I'm completely yours for the next few days." He led her out onto a balcony and Emma almost cried with relief when he pulled out a chair for her. On the table sat a glass pitcher and two glasses along with a plate of cheese and fresh, tropical fruit cut into a beautiful pattern.

As dimitri held the chair for her, she heard his deep chuckle in his ear. "Emma, you always were so transparent. You thought I would get you here and simply take you to bed for the next several days, didn't you?"

Emma blushed and looked away, quickly picking up the pitcher and pouring two glasses of the frothy drink. "Of course not. And besides, it isn't like we're strangers anymore, is it?"

"Of course not."

"I mean, we're already lovers in a way. So what's the difference if we have sex here or back in Athens. It's basically the same thing."

"With one major difference," he said with his deep voice.

She almost dropped the pitcher. "What's that?" she asked, tyring to appear calm and unconcerned about what they were about to do.

"The last few times there had been no anticipation. It was all very passionate but not deliberate. This time," he said softly, accepting the glass she'd forgotten to offer him, "I'm going to make love to you in the bright light of day, out on the beach, in the water, under the stars and in every way possible."

"No," she whispered.

His grin was feral, predatory and his eyes gleamed with anticipation. "Yes."

He was as good as his word. Emma took a long sip of the creamy liquid and felt the liquor as it immediately soothed her nerves. But after drinking only a few sips, she felt him stand and come behind her, taking the glass from her trembling hands and pulled her against him. He kissed her right there on the terrace, unconcerned about anyone. Why would they? It was his island and the only other inhabitants were the servants who had been told to stay away until he required them.

Pikcing her up in his arms, he carried her to the bed. There, he made love to her for the rest of the afternoon, and Emma gasped when she rolled over to see the sun setting on the horizong from their bedroom. But Dimitri was relentless. He made love to her that whole afternoon, not even giving her tiem for dinner and she didn't care. When Dimitri set his mind to something, he was the ultimate lover. When their passion had subsided on the bed, he carried her to the shower, soaping her body and making love to her against the cool tiles. Instead of dinner, he took her down to the beach and fed her shrimp and cheese, then stripped her of the bathing suit she'd donned only an hour earlier, making love to her on a blanket as the moon rose to take the place of the sun.

By the end of their time together, Emma knew that every room in the house had been baptized with their lovemaking. After two years of marriage to him, he'd showed her more this weekend than she'd ever imagined possible. He was creative in his positions and each one was better than the last. And he drove her crazy with mindless passion so each time he came to her, she was begging, crying and demanding that he finish. He was the most attentive, warm and caring lover she oculd ever imagine, even during those long, lonely nights when she'd kept away from him, she never could have imagined this kind of passion between two people.

And what was worse, within five days, Emma was crazy in love with him once again. As she laid on the beach naked, letting the sun warm her skin while Dimitri swam through the ocean, she wondered if she'd ever not loved him. Accepting that Dimitri was not the kind of man one could fall out of love with. She understood now that, the best she could ever expect from life was to endure each day without him.

Feeling the spray of water on her warm skin, she looked up, shading her eyes with one hand while looking at the magnificent man standing over her.

"You're goreeous, you know," he said and laid his wet, hard body over hers. "And I want you once again."

Emma knew that protesting would be pointless. The man was too good of a lover and he'd trained her body to need his as much as she needed food and water. Sighing happily, she put her arms around his neck and arched into his body. "You're wet," she gasped as his cooler skin touched her heated flesh.

His deep chuckle sounded in her ear as his teeth nibbled on her ear lobe. His hand moved between her thighs and he said, "so are you."

"Yes!" she exclaimed and pulled him over her, her body already needing to feel him inside her, moving against her, needing the release only he could give her.

Emma pulled on the pretty red silk dress and surveyed her reflection in the mirror. The dress made her feel sexy and powerful. Perhaps it was the red, or maybe it was the way Dmitri looked when he stepped behind her. feeling and wasn't going to question it too closely. since their return from the Caribbean, she thought. each day and neither wanting to question what might lay ahead of them. Whatever the reason, she liked the

Nothing was examined too closely It was like both of them were living

"I like it," he said, his hands in the pockets of his tuxedo. "Where did you get it?" he asked. "I don't believe I picked it out."

She smiled with secret realization and looked back at him in the mirror. "No. I saw it in the window of a store today and just decided to buy it. Do you mind?" she asked, smoothing the shiny silk over her waist and hips seductively.

His eyes sparked but she couldn't interpret his expression. "Why would I mind? It's about time you started using the credit cards I gave you. What have you been using as spending money all this time?"

Emma laughed, relieved that he wasn't angry about her using more of his money. "Rico or the other body guards always have cash on them so I don't have to use any more of your money." She'd felt uncomfortable using the credit card since the deal had been a pregnancy for the money he'd already given her. Sure, Rico had handed her the credit cards, but she still hadn't felt right using them.

"I set up accounts for you so you could spend whatever you want. I'm not stingy, Emma. I never was. Did you think otherwise?" he asked.

Emma turned and faced him, her worried eyes looking up into his dark ones. "No!" she answered immediately. "You were very generous. I never felt as if you cared or even noticed what I spent. In fact, your mother was the one who encouraged me to spend more on my clothes, explaining that you had a certain image to maintain." She smiled tentatively before saying, "You wouldn't believe the horror on your mother's face once when I told her I was going to wear that black and white gown that I liked so much to another occasion. Apparently, I'd been photographed in the dress and wearing it a second time was a definite no-no."

Dmitri didn't laugh at the story. In fact, he stared at her for a long moment, as if he was trying to figure something out. Finally, he turned away and put on his cuff links. "We need to leave," he said and walked out of the bedroom.

Dinner that night was delicious and the couple they were dining with very amusing. The gentleman told stories about his childhood while his wife rolled her eyes in amusement. The whole evening was light and fun but Emma felt an undercurrent of tension between the Dmitri and the other man. She didn't understand it and looked at him occasionally, trying to decipher what was bothering him. But his look was blank and she sighed at the futility of seeing something he didn't want her to see. Dimitri was the ultimate actor and had years more experience than she'd ever have.

"Dance with me," he said once the dessert was taken away.

Emma immediately stood up and fell into step with him. She'd always loved to dance with Dmitri. He was light on his feet and the perfect partner. Never mind the bliss of just being in his arms.

They stayed like that for several dances, their bodies swaying to the music, one hand on his shoulder, the other clasped gently in his warm, large grip. She looked up into his eyes, her breathing increased and all she wanted to do was leave the restaurant and go home so she could be in his arms.

He must have felt it as well since he looked down at her, his eyes on fire. "Let's get out of here," he said roughly.

Emma nodded but at just that moment, Lisa stepped onto the dance floor. "No way, handsome," she said, shaking her finger at him. "I've been dying to dance with you all evening. You can dance just once with me before abandoning me to my oaf of a husband who hates to even hear music that might get me on the dance floor."

Emma smiled at Lisa before turning to Dmitri. "I'll go to the ladies room and freshen up. I'll meet you back at the table."

"Fine," Dmitri said and took Lisa's hand, bowing slightly.

Emma ignored the small spark of jealously that flared to life in her chest. She didn't like the look in Lisa's eyes but remembered how nice the couple had been during dinner. She wasn't going to be silly over one little dance, she told herself.

In the ladies room, she reapplied her lipstick and touched up her nose with powder. There wasn't much more to do since she didn't wear a great deal of makeup and her hair was still neatly pinned where the hair dresser had placed all the curls earlier in the afternoon.

Stepping out, she immediately saw Dan leaning against the bar in the lobby. When he caught her eye, he pushed away and hurried over to her. "How about a drink while those two dance?" he suggested.

Emma looked into the dining room, wondering if the dance would take that long. Surely Dmitri wouldn't be more than a few minutes, would he? "I don't think..." she started to say.

"Nonsense. They'll be a while," he said and took her arm to lead her to the darker side of the bar. "Don't leave me here all alone. I'll look ridiculous. beautiful women will think I'm a dunce and we can't have that, can we? to enter into a very lucrative arrangement with your husband and we wouldn't want the press to assume he's dealing with a social idiot, so just one drink," he coaxed. "For the sake of your husband's reputation," he joked, adding to the plea.

All the other

I'm just about

His grip was a little more firm than she was comfortable with but she didn't want to cause a scene so she went along with him, wondering if she could just have a few sips then head back into the dining room to see where Dmitri was.

"Fine, I'll have some ice water," she said, not wanting anymore alcohol.

"Don't be silly," he said. "A martini for the lady," he told the bartender who immediately started pouring liquor into a shaker.

Emma was instantly wary. "Please, not a martini. I don't usually drink hard alcohol," she explained.

He only chuckled at her apprehension, not taking her seriously. "Then it's time you lived on the wild side, my dear." He picked up the glass the bartender had efficiently place on the bar and handed it to her. "To us," he said softly.

Emma didn't like the intimate tone of voice or the way he'd positioned them on the darker side of the bar. She didn't want to drink to anyone other than her husband gritted her teeth at the man's audacity. "How about to a nice evening?" she suggested instead.

"Whatever." Dan's eyes snapped impatiently but he took a sip of his bourbon, then guided her away from the bar.

Emma was becoming more concerned when she realized his intent. "Dan, why don't we go back into the dining room," she said, pulling back when he started to head towards a darkened corner of the room, away from the bartender who was the only person in the lobby at this time and where the walls would shield them from the other restaurant guests.

Dan pulled her along behind him, unaware or just unconcerned with the note of apprehension in her tone. "How about if we come over here and you can tell me more about yourself? I didn't get a chance to learn about you during dinner and I have a feeling that you're going to be fascinating."

Emma pulled back firmly, uncaring if she made a scene now. "No really, Dan. I'd like to head back to the dining room." She carefully put her martini glass down on a coffee table, uncaring that it might leave a ring on the lovely wood surface. "I'm going to find Dmitri," she said and started to walk away.

But Dan was having none of that. "Wait a minute, gorgeous," he said and pulled her into his arms. "We're just getting to know each other," he said savagely a moment before his mouth covered hers in a hard, demanding kiss.

"Stop it," she gasped when she was able to tear her mouth away. "Let me go!" Emma stepped on his foot but he only grunted slightly with the pain.

"Oh, you like it rough, eh? Well, I'm into that as well." She'd gotten a foot away but he grabbed her waist and swung her against his chest. "Play hard to get, honey. I like it.'

"You're disgusting!" Emma gasped and turned her face away, pressing her hands against his chest in an effort to get just a few inches of space between their bodies. "Let me go! I'm not playing hard to get!" She hurt her arm but she was finally able to wrench herself free. Without thinking, she took several steps, frantically trying to rush away but he grabbed her wrist and hauled her back. Uncaring about the consequences of making a scene, she swung out with her hand, slapping him as hard as she could then followed it up with a kick to his shin. If she'd been thinking more clearly, she would have kicked a softer, more vulnerable part of his anatomy but the double shock caught Dan off guard and she was able to stagger several steps away.

She didn't bother to look back but hurried away, right into the arms of Dmitri. Looking up into his eyes, she saw the rage and thought it was directed at her. "It isn't what you think, Dmitri," she said quickly, still gasping for air and shivering with revulsion and fear.

"You weren't just being mauled by that bastard?" he asked, his voice ominously low.

She blinked, finally realizing that he understood exactly what had happened. "Well, yes. But please just take me away," she begged as the fear took over and her whole body started trembling uncontrollably. "I want to go home.'

Dmitri looked behind her. "Just a moment," he replied and pushed her behind his back. With fluid grace, he walked up to Dan and, with one powerful punch, broke the man's nose.

"That's just the beginning," he said as the man crumpled to the floor. "Don't ever touch my wife again. Because of what you did, the deal's off and you're finished." Dimitri didn't raise his voice. He didn't have to. The threat was there in the softly spoken words.

Dan finally realized what he'd done and even in the dim light, Emma saw the man's face pale.

Dmitri turned around, his arm going protectively around her waist as he walked out of the restaurant. Emma had to practically run to keep up with him. Once they were in the limousine, he pulled her into his lap, wrapping his arms around her. "I'm sorry you had to go through that," he said. "I'm sorry I wasn't there to watch over you. I never should have let him out of my sight."

Emma couldn't stop shivering as reaction set in. "Thank you for being there," she whispered. "And thank you for not blaming me."

"Don't be a fool," he grated out. "I saw what he was doing to you and I'm sorry I didn't protect you well enough. I shouldn't have danced with that woman."

"How were you to know?" she asked, pressing her cheek against his neck, needing his warmth to offset the shock that was slowly sinking into her bones.

"I had heard rumors but didn't think they could be true. The man's a bastard. I'm sorry Emma," he said again.

Emma put her fingers on his lips. "Shhhh. It's over. And you saved me," she said, the awe coming through in her tone. "You're my hero," she laughed slightly.

Dmitri grimaced. "Not much of one. A real hero wouldn't have let you get into that position in the first place. I'll do better in the future," he said and kissed her gently.

That night, he carried her to their bed and made slow, sweet love to her, kissing every inch but avoiding the bruises that were already showing on her arms and wrists.

The scream startled him and he woke up, immediately looking around for the threat, his senses on high alert. When he didn't find a problem, he sat up slightly, looking down at Emma. Sure enough, after a few minutes, she cried out again, her arms reaching across the expanse of bed.

He watched for several seconds as she actually moved herself closer to him. When she reached his body, her struggles stopped. He knew she was still asleep but wondered if she was aware of her actions on any level. Relaxing against the mattress again, he stared up at the ceiling, trying to calm his body down enough to go back to sleep.

When she cried out again, Dmitri sighed and wrapped his arms around her. The action seemed to ease her anxiety and his eyes started to close, his body slowly relaxing into sleep once again.

"I love you," she said, the words slightly slurred since she was still sleeping but distinct enough so he knew what she was saying.

Dmitri pulled away as if he'd been slapped, sure that Emma was talking about the man back in London. But her arms pulled at him and her cries intensified. "Please, don't leave me Dmitri. I'm sorry," she cried out.

The realization that she wasn't talking about her former lover stunned him. Emma wanted him? She wasn't crying out for the other guy?

He looked down at her once again, noting that her face was relaxed in sleep once again. The jealousy was clawing at him and he wanted to pull out of bed, uncaring if she got a good night's sleep, but each time he tried to pull away, her arms stopped him, pulling him closer once again.

Two more times, she sighed, "I love you," in her sleep.

Dmitri turned on his side slightly and looked down at the blond beauty who was disturbing him night and day. With each passing day, he knew that he was failing in his attempts to bind her to him. It hadn't started out that way, he knew. Initially, he'd only wanted to exorcise her from his mind and body by using her and finding her lacking in some way. He'd thought his memories of her were too off balance. And now she was tormenting him with another memory, someone or something that had permated her psyche more than he'd been able to do.

"Who?" he had to ask. He had to know the name. He knew it was in the file folder that was hidden in the deep recesses of his office, but this would be much easier and quicker.

"Who what?" she asked with sleepy tones that slurred her words together.

"Who do you love?" he demanded gently, not wanting to wake her up but needing to know the man's name. "Tell me his name."

"Dmitri," she sighed and snuggled closer to him. "Always Dimitri."

The words hit him like a ton of bricks and Dmitri could feel the anger drain away from him. Her blond hair was fanned out behind her on the pillow and he wanted desperately to confirm her words. "Say it again," he demanded to the sleeping woman.

"I love you Dmitri," she said, then her face buried in his neck, eliminating the ability to respond to his questions.

Dmitri stared up at the ceiling, wondering if why she would say something like that in her sleep. He remembered many nights when she'd talk in her sleep and never in the two years they'd been together had she ever lied in her sleep. Sometimes she said some bizarre things, but they were comments like the sky was turning purple or that crazy elephants were storming through the house. They'd often joked that even those comments were indicative of her state of mind. The elephants had represented a party that his mother had decreed was mandatory, the elephants being all the guests that were traipsing around their house. The night she'd spoken about the sky turning purple had been a stormy night when lightning had streaked across the inky blackness. She hadn't needed to see the sky to know that it was changing. Her subconscious had registered the effects.

So what was he to make of her declaration tonight? The darkness offered no solutions and in the end, he contented himself with holding her close.

Emma woke the following mooring alone, but that was nothing new. She'd become used to that. She sat up in the bed, pulling the covers high to cover her nakedness. This was normal, she thought. Too many mornings, she'd woken to find Dmitri already at work, having left before dawn.

It was just hard to get back into that routine, especially after the dream she'd had last night. She ran a tapered fingernail down the embroidery of the bed clothes as her mind drifted back into the nirvana of her dream.

She'd been searching for Dmitri, looking in all the oddest places and finally found him behind a tree in the woods. When she found him, she'd run into his arms and he held her close for several minutes. But then he started to walk away and she couldn't find him again, the trees hiding him from her view. Calling out to him, she'd declared her love for him and instantly, he came out from behind a tree, taking her into his arms and carrying her to safety.

Sighing, she swung her legs out to the edge of the bed and reached down for the negligee which had been left on the floor, forgotten after last night's lovemaking. No sex, she reminded herself. This wasn't about love. This was all about sex and procreation, the most basic human needs. She'd destroyed her chances at love four years ago. Now, all she could do was to hang on to every moment she was in Dmitri's arms, so she'd have the memories later in life. There were so many cold, lonely nights ahead of her, she shivered at the thought.

She pulled the silk robe over her body, tying the sash tightly before reaching for her cell phone. Pressing the buttons, she waited impatiently for a response. "Brian?" she asked, bracing herself for bad news. "Good morning! How are you?" she asked.

"Emma? I'm fine," Brian laughed over the phone. "Actually, better than fine. Emma! You're not going to believe this, but I start physical therapy tomorrow. Isn't that great?" he asked.

Emma bit her lip over the excitement she heard in his voice. "Really?" she asked, immediately apprehensive. "Isn't it too early?" she asked, wanting to call the doctor but not wanting to disconnect with Brian's excitement. It had been too long since she'd heard this kind of happiness in his voice.

"Early? It is way past due, if you ask me. I've been in this situation for all my life, sis. I'm not going to wait a moment longer than I have to." He chuckled at her silence. "Okay, I know you don't believe me but you're in luck. The doctor just walked in for my daily checkup. You can ask her."

There were muted voices and then a woman came on the line. "Mrs. Christophe?" she asked.

"Yes, Doctor Miller? Is everything Brian is telling me accurate? Can he really start physical therapy today? Are his legs recovered enough from the surgery? Are the muscles strong enough? He won't hurt himself more by pushing too quickly, will he?"

The doctor laughed softly, apparently well versed in calming down frantic relatives. "Astonishingly, yes. As I mentioned in our previous call, the surgery was a resounding success and all the ligaments are now correctly attached. It's best to start moving the legs correctly as soon as possible but the exercises will be very gentle and slow to start off with. Once the bones move in the correct direction, then Brian can start increasing the intensity and build up the muscles."

Emma's heart soared. "Oh, that's wonderful news!" she said, wiping a tear from her eyes. "I can hardly believe it. When will you know for sure if everything is correcting itself?"

"We should know in about a week," she said. "I have to go now but I'll keep you informed," she said. "And I'm afraid the therapist has arrived to take Brian so can he call you back later?"

"Of course. Oh, this is wonderful news," she said, almost jumping up and down in her excitement. "Thank you so much doctor!" With a secret smile, she closed the cell phone, looking down at it as if it were still conveying the amazing news. Brian was going to do it! He would actually walk? It was almost impossible to believe, she thought.

"Don't tell me that you're already pregnant," a deep, male voice said from the doorway.

Emma spun around, one hand coming to cover her chest as the fright of hearing his voice caused her heart beat to skip several beats while the other hid the cell phone behind her back, not wanting him to see that she'd been talking on the phone, which was silly of course. He'd obviously overheard at least a portion of her conversation.

"Excuse me?" she replied, forcing her features to become bland but politely inquisitive. "I thought you had left for work," she said and moved forward, intending to go into the bathroom to shower.

Dmitri stopped her with a hand to her shoulder. "You didn't answer my question, Emma. Are you already pregnant?"

"What?" she gasped. Her hand lifted slightly as she tried to remember what she'd said, what he might have overheard. "Oh, no," she replied. "No. I'm not pregnant."

"How do you know?" he demanded.

Emma stepped back, unable to take his simple touch. She couldn't look him in the eye though, knowing her awful secret. "It's too early to tell."

"When will you know?"

She sighed and pulled the belt of her robe more tightly around her waist. "I don't know exactly. As I mentioned, I'm not very regular." She knew her face was bright red, never having spoken about her periods or anything so personal to anyone before, much less a man. "Excuse me, Dmitri. I need to shower." She stepped around him and let out a breath when he let her pass.

Stepping into the warm spray of water, she turned her face into the stream, hoping the water would wash away all the dirt she was feeling. But the dirt was inside and she couldn't clean that up until she admitted her body's inability to create a child for Dmitri.

She should just talk to him, tell him what happened. Would he demand the money back? Four years ago, he might have given her the money. But since she'd walked out on him without an explanation, he was still angry with her. Sighing, she shook her head and grabbed the shampoo. No, it was too late now. She'd made her bed, she'd just have to learn to live with it.

Dmitri watched Emma walk into the shower, her shoulders heavy with some burden she wouldn't talk to him about. He wished he could get her to open up to him but the past several weeks hadn't given her much inducement to trust him.

Rubbing his face with his hand, he turned away from the doorway to the bathroom. Looking out the window, he barely even acknowledged the stunning view of the azure blue sea laid out in front of him. His mind was working through the details and facts, trying to push the anger out of the way and see things in a different light.

Four years ago, he'd thought they were happy. There had been no indication of any problems between the two of them. Each time he'd come home from traveling, she'd been excited to see him. He'd discussed her appointments with her body guards after he'd learned of who she was living with back in London and at no point had they indicated she'd even met another man. Thinking about her sleepy admission last night, he considered the facts from different angles. How could she have run to another man when she hadn't known anyone outside of their circle of friends? Each time she'd gone out without him, she'd been with his mother. Basically, at no time during their marriage had she found the time to meet secretly with another man.

That left the idea that she'd met someone before meeting him. But she'd been a virgin that night in London. He didn't doubt that in any way. She'd been too unskilled at just about everything and no woman could be that much of an actress.

So who was this man? What was he missing?

Frustrated, he heard the shower shut off and snapped out of his contemplation of their past. Walking out of the bedroom, he made his way to his office in the other side of the house. Picking up the phone, he dialed a number and waited for an answer. "James, I need some information," he said quickly, ignoring the niceties in order to get down to business. "I need you to pull up the old reports on my wife when she reached London. Who was the man? I need all the details on him you can get. I think she's still calling him so check her cell phone records and find out what his number is, then check it against phone calls she made four years ago." He waited while the man on the other end of the line spoke. "Yes, I know you told me to dig into this issue the last time and I said to drop it. So I'm accepting that you were right. So find out the information and get back to me," he snapped. "I need this urgently," he finished and hung up the phone.

Digging through the papers on his desk, he pushed thoughts of his wife and all the strange things that just didn't seem to add up anymore out of his mind. Until he had answers, he didn't want to assume anything.

After reading the same paragraph four times and still not understanding anything, Emma gave up and let the book drop to her lap. Staring out at the sea, she wondered how she would get her life back in order once the six months was over. She had two more months with Dmitri. The past four had been almost magical although lately, she'd wondered at some of the looks he had been giving her. It was as if he were trying to figure out a puzzle. She just hoped it was business related and not the mysteries she'd been hiding from him for so long.

She shuddered at the memories of how her father had treated Brian before he'd left the house. Initially, it had been yelling and screaming at him to try harder. And since Brian had been just a small boy, it had been too painful to watch. One afternoon, Emma could no longer watch while her small brother had sobbed at his father's harsh words. Edward had been berating Brian because he wasn't trying harder to stand on his own. The man had believed that everything just took determination and things would work out perfectly.

Well, he was right. Emma had been determined to help Brian and now things were working out well. Brian's surgery had been a success, he now just needed physical therapy to ensure that the muscles learned new ways of adapting to the bones. So far, she'd received glowing reports from the doctors and nurses and Brian was the hardest patient the therapist had ever seen.

Emma was so proud of him. Would Dmitri think less of Brian for being handicapped for most of his life? She hated to think of Dmitri being like her father but she just couldn't take the chance of the two ever meeting.

It was a mute point anyway, she told herself, her hand fluttering to her stomach. There was no reason for the two to meet and in two months, Emma would fly back to London and Dmitri would find a woman who could give him the children he wanted and needed. That thought was so painful, tears instantly formed in her eyes and she had to blink them away for fear of someone seeing her like that. They would instantly report her tears to Dmitri who would demand an explanation. One she couldn't give him.

"You're not concentrating," an amused voice behind her said.

Emma's spine stiffened and she whipped around. Her mind told her that it was Brian's voice but that was impossible. She'd just spoken to him earlier today and he was in London. How could he be here in Greece? Could her mind have conjured him up since she'd been thinking about him so much lately?

She looked across the vast expanse of the sitting room, her eyes narrowing as she saw a tall man standing against the door frame. His dark hair was like Brian's and his face looked like his, but was more relaxed. He was...smiling?

"Brian?" she said softly, sure that her eyes were tricking her. She blinked and refocused, then blinked again when the image didn't disappear.

"One and the same!" he teased.

Emma stood up, the book forgotten as it fell to the floor with a loud thump that she didn't even hear. "Is that really you?" she asked, still not sure since he was standing up. The only time Brian had been standing was when he was bent over his crutches and more often, he was in a wheel chair. How could this tall, confident man be her brother?

"Of course it's me," he grinned. When she started to walk toward him, he held up and hand. "But stay there," he said and pushed against the door frame. Slowly, Brian took the first step toward her and Emma almost rushed to him to help. "No, stay there. I'm going to show you something," he said with more emphasis.

Emma stopped, her hands clasped in worry and uncertainty as his hand gripped the door frame and one leg moved forward slowly. The next step was a little faster but still slower than a normal person's walk. Step by step, Brian walked toward her. Emma could tell that the walking was difficult and almost painful but he kept moving slowly despite the sweat that broke out on his forehead.

When he reached the sofa she'd been sitting on, he stopped and leaned down, his breathing heavy. "Okay, you can come the rest of the way," he finally said, grinning like a silly guy who had just done something crazy. But for Brian, walking across a room without assistance was previously unheard of. Previously un-thought of!

Emma didn't hesitate nor did she realize that tears were streaming down her cheeks. "Oh, Brian! How wonderful!" she said and threw herself into his arms. He caught her easily, his arms always having been strong since he'd carried most of his weight on them for almost his entire life. They tumbled back against the sofa but Emma was too excited to see him to care about being the perfect Greek wife. Decorum be banned, she thought as she fell onto the cushions of the sofa. She hugged her brother as she cried out her happiness on his shoulder.

Brian pulled her up onto his lap, his broad, strong shoulders hiding her face and his arms wrapped around her back. "It's good Em. Why are you crying?" he asked, concern written all over his face. "I thought you'd be happy about all the progress I've made."

"I know it's good. I'm just so happy for you. I'm thrilled that the surgery was such a success. I've been calling the doctors and nurses every day and they've been telling me that you're doing well, but actually seeing you, watching you walk across the room without crutches, well, it's a miracle," she said, her shoulders shuddering as another wave of happiness and tears took over.

"I think he has an appointment with the therapist, Emma," another deep voice said. "You're going to have to let him up and let him get to his work."

Emma's face came out of Brian's shoulder and she glanced up nervously at Dmitri who was now standing over the two of them beside the sofa.

She pushed away from Brian and stood up quickly. "This isn't what you think, Dmitri."

His eyebrow raised in amusement as he looked down at his wife. "That's the second time you've doubted my powers of perception, dear wife. I thought you were hugging your brother in excitement. Are you telling me I was incorrect in that assumption?" he asked, pulling her aside so Brian could lift himself off the sofa.

Emma moved, her eyes flitting from Brian's efforts to her husband, confused. "Well, yes. That's exactly what I've been doing. But how did you know...?" she stopped.

"I decided to find out what happened four years ago," Dmitri said. "By the way, your brother is staying here while he recuperates. I've flown out his physical therapist to move things along more quickly. She'll be working on his legs more often now that he's her only patient."

Emma looked across the room at a pretty blond woman who was standing in the doorway. Her smile and look of admiration was apparent to everyone, including Brian who winked at her. Emma was even more surprised when the lovely woman blushed.

She heard Dmitri's chuckle at the same time that she realized that there was more than a patient-therapist relationship between her brother and the woman.

When the two were gone and the doors to the sitting room closed by a servant, Emma turned to Dmitri. Her eyes were wide as she looked up at the handsome man who was her husband. The love she felt for him was so overwhelming, she had to look away for fear that he would see it in her eyes and expression. "Thank you very much for bringing Brian here," she said. "And for arranging a private therapist for him. That was very generous."

"You should have told me about his legs, Emma."

His voice wasn't angry, but nor was it happy. She had to look back at him to figure out what he was thinking. But her eyes couldn't decipher any emotion. "I couldn't," she said.

"Why?"

Taking the chance, she decided to be honest with him. He deserved it, and so much more, she realized. "Because of my father."

Dmitri waited patiently but had to encourage her in the end. "What about your father would force you not to trust me with your brother's predicament?"

Emma was grateful he didn't say handicap. Brian hated that word and she'd used it on several occasions, making him feel like someone different.

Taking a deep breath, she explained, "When we were growing up, my father hated Brian because of his legs. My father was strong and determined and thought that he could fix anything. So when he couldn't fix Brian's legs and make him into the perfect son, he would ridicule Brian and push him harder, which only made the pain worse for Brian. My father thought Brian was only being weak and just needed to exert himself more. He called my brother lazy and yelled, horrible things, ridiculing Brian for not being able to walk. It was horrible to watch and to hear, day in and day out. When my mother died, it just got worse.

wanted him out of his sight.

I understood that my father hated Brian so much that he

That's when Brian was banished to boarding school. I missed him so much during those years."

Dimitri pulled her closer, sensing her pain and lonliness. He rubbed her back, rubbing her shoulders in an effort to ease the tension she was feeling as she told the story. "I can imagine. I wouldn't want any of my sisters to be sent away," he said, watching her closely.

"It was difficult." She wasn't sure what else to say but she wrapped her arms around her waist, feeling wonderful but also confused. "How did you find out about him?" she asked.

"He's the man you ran to when you left me. Isn't he?" Dmitri asked, his voice above her head as he continued to hold her.

"Why didn't you tell me about him?"

Taking a deep breath, she braced herself for the words she had to say. "All my life, I've protected Brian from my father's wrath and the world's pity. When I met you, you were so strong, so dynamic. I couldn't take the chance that you might treat Brian the way my father treated him. I had to protect him from everyone. He'd been hurt too much." She clutched at his shoulders as the tears continued to fall. Finally she said, "I'm sorry I didn't trust you."

"Do you trust me now?" he asked gently, his hand stilled over her shoulders as he waited for her answer.

Emma nodded. "Why did you look for him?" she asked, breathing a sigh of relief now that she'd admitted so much to him. It was as if the world had suddenly become a much lighter place. She wanted to jump up and dance, to laugh, anything that would shout her joy to the world. Yes, she trusted Dimitri. Brian would definitely be safe with him here. "Thank you!" she said, almost shy now.

"Too many things you've said over the past four months haven't added up. So I started looking into things, without the assumptions of the past."

Emma's heart felt as if it had stopped. She realized she was holding her breath, but she couldn't do anything to change that. If he'd found out about Brian, could he have found out about her condition?

"What else have you found out?" she asked, terrified of his answer.

He moved closer, one hand reaching up to touch her cheek. "Nothing yet. But there's more isn't there? You didn't run to another man's arms which I'd been thinking all these years. But now that I know it was your brother, I'm asking myself why you ran? What would make you so miserable that you would run away from me?"

His voice was soft but she could see the determination in his eyes. She tried to pull herself out of his lap but his hands stopped her. Shaking her head, she closed her eyes as the last of her secrets started to tear her open. Had it been only moments ago that she'd felt so free? So joyous? How the world had darkened, she thought. "Dmitri, just leave it," she said desperately.

"I can't," he responded, moving closer to her. His hands settled on her hips. "You see, all those years ago, I thought you'd killed my love for you when you went to another man. But then you showed up in my office and, even though I told myself I felt nothing for you, I realized I still wanted your body. More than any other woman, you've always been able to captivate me with this body of yours," he said, his hands sliding up her back, causing shivers to race through her. "You're the most responsive lover I've ever had, how could I give that up?"

"Its just sex," she said, trying again to pull out of his arms.

He chuckled softly but wouldn't release her. His arms pulled her closer so she was against his chest. Emma fought it for only a second before giving in to the warmth and security of his strength. It was so nice to lean on him, to rely on him and pretend that everything was perfect in the world. "Please stop searching for answers. Just accept that I can't give you the children you want," she said on a sob, her hands curling into small fists on his chest.

"Can't?" He pulled away slightly, his eyes searching hers for the truth, for answers. "Emma, you've used that word several times. Why would you use that word instead of 'won't' I'm wondering." He pulled her down onto his lap and Emma couldn't look at his handsome face, the pain too strong in her to stop now.

"Please Dmitri. Just stop searching. You won't like the answers and I don't think I can bear it if you find them." Her tears were making his shirt wet but she couldn't help it. She loved this man so desperately and she wasn't the woman he needed. He would have to find someone else as soon as he found out about her condition.

"I have to. You see, I love you and if there's something stopping you from loving me, then I'm going to change that."

Emma only cried harder. "Stop it!" she cried and pushed away from him. Thankfully, he released her so she could stand up. "That's the kind of attitude my father took when he spoke to Brian. If only Brian would try harder, he could walk like a normal person, like a worthy person." She wiped the tears away with the back of her hand. "Well you can't fix everything!" she yelled. "You can't fix me! I'm broken. Do you understand? I can't give you children! You're going to have to find another woman to give you the heir you need because I'm not able to." Without another word, she ran from the room, leaving behind a stunned Dmitri still sitting on the sofa where she'd left him.

She ran to her room and pulled out her suitcase. Stuffing her clothes into the bag, she didn't care what they would look like when she unpacked them. She just knew she had to get away from here as fast as possible. Seeing Dmitri's face when she'd told him she couldn't conceive was bad but having him divorce her would destroy her.

The door slammed open and an angry Dmitri stood in their doorway. Emma cringed, but she didn't stop packing. In fact, she was more frantic, desperate to get away from him.

"Let me get this straight. You left me four years ago because you found out you couldn't conceive?"

"Yes," she said, dumping another pile of clothes into the bag.

"And you didn't even talk to me about it? You didn't give me the chance to respond? You put us both through hell because you have a medical condition you should have discussed with me?"

She didn't answer but a moment later, he grabbed her arm and pulled her around so she was facing him. "You love me," he grated out. "Admit it!"

"Yes. Yes, I love you so much I can't be around you when you get rid of me and find another woman."

His stunned eyes looked down into hers, confusion all over his face. "Why would I find another woman?" he demanded, forcing her to face him and not hide her reactions. "I married you! It's you that I want. You're the one that haunts my dreams every night. You're the one that makes every other woman inadequate. Dammit Emma! You should have talked to me and instead you ran away. But I'm not letting you do it again," he said and pulled her around to face him. "What's wrong Emma? Talk to me."

"No! I'd rather you think I'm adulterous," she shouted, trying and failing to pull her arms away from him.

"You're not. You love me and you'd never do that to me. And if I hadn't been such an idiot four years ago, I would have realized that at the time and hunted you down. But not this time. We're in this together and we're going to get through this. I married you in sickness and in health, Emma. If there's something inside you that's not working, it isn't the end of the world. But if you leave me, that is the end of the world. I can't live without you," he ground out. "I won't. Not now that I know you love me as much as I love you. You're stuck with me, sweetheart. So tell me what is going on!"

Giving up because she just couldn't fight him anymore, she sagged against his chest, sobbing out all of her grief over their previous life. "I have endometriosis. Apparently, it has been going on for so long, the scarring has damaged my system and I can't have children."

He allowed her to cry it all out, sitting down on the bed and holding her, rocking her as if she were a small child until she was all cried out.

Sniffing, Emma just wanted to curl up into a ball of humiliation and pain. "Please let me go, Dmitri," she whispered.

"I can't. I love you. And you can't leave me either. You're in love with me. We can't live apart."

"Yes. I love you but you have to find someone who can give you an heir."

"First of all, whatever is going on, we'll deal with it together. We'll talk to a doctor and find out what is happening. Secondly, I don't think you have endometriosis."

Emma laughed but it was a harsh sound. "You can't make it go away, Dmitri."

"I was with you when your last period came. You weren't in pain."

"So?" she sniffed.

"My mother had endometriosis. She's suffered with it all her life. Each month, when her period came, she'd be in so much pain she had special medicine that would put her to bed for the day."

Emma's breathing stopped with his words. "She did?" she asked, her head coming off his chest to look at him, to gauge if he was lying to her.

"Yes. It's a painful period each month. I was with you before and during," he said, chuckling when she blushed but continued on regardless of her embarrassment. "You didn't even have slight cramps. In fact, you didn't know your period was imminent until you went to the bathroom, from what you told me that afternoon."

Her eyes were wide with the realization. "Your mother is in pain every month?" she asked.

"Yes. Sometimes its worse that others and sometimes there's pain all month long and she's just so used to it she doesn't realize it is wearing her out. But she lives with it and has learned to manage it. You don't have any of the symptoms of the disease."

Emma shook her head. "That's impossible." "And if you were to the point where the scarring had made you infertile, you'd be aware of the pain."

She stared at him, her whole body frozen with disbelief and confusion. "I don't have any pain," she admitted.

Dimitri's face showed his concern over her condition but he was still determined to fix the situation. "How about if we call up the doctor and find out," he suggested, pushing a stray lock of hair off her face.

Emma started shaking, afraid of the hope that was welling up in her chest.

He realized what was going on inside her head and stopped her. "Emma, if it turns out that you have this, then we'll deal with it. Together. My mother had four children with the disease before she had surgery to remove all the parts that were causing the pain."

"Really?" she asked, stunned at this news. Could it be that the doctor had been mistaken? Had the last four years of hell been all for nothing?

"Absolutely." He rose from the bed and took her hand, walking around to the phone. Whoever was on the other end of the line was obviously used to Dimitri's cryptic way of talking. "Call Doctor Anitzi and get an appointment this afternoon. Tell him it's urgent," Dmitri said.

Emma laughed weakly, shaking her head. "Do you always get immediate doctor's appointments?" she asked

"Of course," he said arrogantly. "Come along. You're getting checked out and we're going to figure out what's wrong."

An hour later, Emma was unsure what to think. Too many thoughts were scrambling for focus in her mind, none of them winning out. Sitting in the doctor's office was reminiscent of the last time and Emma looked at the door, afraid a nurse would walk in and hand the doctor a slip of paper announcing the awful news.

The doctor took his seat behind the desk, a smile forming across his face. "Well, after the examination, I can tell that I see no signs of endometriosis. But I found some more important news," he said, his hands crossing over his papers. "Would you like to hear my discovery?" he asked.

"Please," Emma said, gripping Dmitri's hand as if it were a lifeline.

"I'm glad to tell you that you're going to have a baby," he said. "I would guess that you're approximately nine weeks along."

Emma blinked. Then blinked again. "Excuse me?" she said, her grip on Dmitri's hand slackening.

"You're pregnant," he said softly but firmly. A benign smile formed across his face as he looked at her.

Emma opened her mouth to say something but the words wouldn't come out. She tried again. "But I had a period last month. Just three weeks ago in fact."

The doctor nodded. "Was it a normal period? Same length of time and flow?" he asked.

Emma shook her head, too stunned and confused to be embarrassed that Dimitri was hearing this information. "Well, no. It was a little lighter than normal, but it still happened.

He nodded again. "That probably wasn't a period, dear. It was more likely the placenta leaking through. I'm not sure, but I think the placenta is low. But that's not a worry at all," he assured them. "As the pregnancy progresses, the placenta usually moves higher or lower on the uterus, depending on the fetus. We'll need to get a sonogram to be sure. My nurse is already calling to schedule that for you with a specialist this afternoon."

Emma turned to look at Dmitri, still not sure her mind was absorbing the news. "I'm pregnant?" she asked.

He leaned forward, his dark, intense eyes looking into her green ones. "We're pregnant," he stated emphatically.

Her eyes brightened and a slight smile lifted her lips. "We're going to have a baby?" she asked.

"Yes. And many more, if you want them," he affirmed.

Emma no longer needed any words. She stood up and threw herself into Dmitri's arms, thankful when they circled her back, closing her into the warmth of his embrace. The doctor quietly left, leaving them alone with their excitement. Dmitri bent down and kissed her, his hands moving from her back to her bottom, pulling her closer to his own body. "We made this child together Emma. Don't ever think of leaving me again," he said emphatically.

Emma shook her head. "I won't. I'm so sorry about leaving you four years ago. I won't ever do it again. But you 're not going to be able to leave me behind any more," she said, tears of happiness in her eyes. "I love traveling with you and being with you in all the different cities. I like being your hostess and making your houses into homes. Please don't leave me behind," she begged.

"Never. We'll do this all together," he said and bent to gently kiss her. "I love you, Emma."

"I love you too!" she said and kissed him back with all her heart.

