Chapter 1

"We have the most eligible candidates ready for your review, sir," Joan Bezzel said to the tall, handsome man striding into the luxurious office. She sat up straighter, letting the hem of her skirt ride up just a little bit higher as the man glanced in her direction. If she were twenty years younger, she might have put herself into the list of candidates, she thought. Of all the clients who had sought out her services, this one was definitely the dishiest.

Well, maybe not, she corrected as the man sat down across from her. She might want a man who had a few more emotions. Damon Kelopatros was tall, handsome and sinfully wealthy, but he was one of the coldest men she'd ever met. His Russian heritage was definitely apparent in his directness and cold, emotionless determination. He was going about this whole business with a bit too much logic, in her opinion. And she'd seen a lot! Most of her clients wanted to at least meet the eligible women before making a decision on which would be their wife. Mr. Kelopatros was coolly logical, coldly calculating and hadn't met a single candidate. And this was their final meeting.

"What do you have for me?" Damon Kelopatros barely glanced at the team sitting at the polished conference room table. This was a business meeting and he didn't have time for niceties. As far as he was concerned, he was paying Ms. Bezzel a large fee in order to find him the perfect wife and he wanted the business concluded as soon as possible so he could move on to his next acquisition.

Joan efficiently pushed the files forward, head shots of each candidate pinned on top of each folder since appearance was always what people noticed first. And most candidates were eliminated on that aspect as well so she had learned over the years to just get that out of the way first. "We have five candidates for your inspection. All of them have been researched by my team and all are single, with no significant prior relationships or children from other relationships, all have impeccable backgrounds and have been raised in families that understand your business needs."

Damon nodded, laying out the five files so that he could view the pictures together. Joan had done an excellent job of sticking to his personal preferences he noted. All were physically acceptable candidates with well styled hair and good skin. He quickly read through their education and current employment positions. "Not this one," he said, dismissing one woman with a medical degree, "and not this one," he replied, pushing away another who was a certified public accountant. "I want a woman who is going to help me with my career, Joan. These two will be more focused on their careers than mine."

Joan quickly tucked the two files away into her briefcase, then calmly settled her hands back in her lap, waiting for other comments. While he surveyed the files, she took a moment to examine the great, forbidding man himself. He certainly was handsome with his black hair cut very short and that dark shadow already forming on his strong jaw. She wondered how much of his terrifying reputation was due to his height which she guessed was around six feet, four inches, maybe even closer to six-five. The man looked down at everyone! Not to mention his yummy physique. She'd seen him still in his exercise clothes one day when she'd come to his house for an early morning meeting and this man was drool worthy with thick muscles everywhere on his tall frame.

His eyes were probably his most interesting characteristic. Well, besides his obscenely large bank balance, she thought with secret relish. Those eyes were almost golden but deeper. Not quite brown, but she couldn't really come up with an accurate description. Amber perhaps? Not really. They seemed to change depending on his mood. When he'd first walked in, she would have sworn that his eyes were golden but as he looked at the picture of Ms. Fontini, those remarkable eyes seemed to darken to that odd color. Fascinating!

Damon took the next three files and read through the biographies but his eyes kept straying to one picture. It wasn't that this one was more beautiful, he thought, although she was definitely lovely. There was just something that repeatedly drew his eye. She was exquisite with long, brown hair that was cut into layers that framed her face then her shoulders. In the picture, her grey eyes were laughing at something outside of the picture frame, but her smile struck something inside of him. Her smile made him want to grin, something he rarely did. It was good that she was Greek, living right here in Athens were a great deal of his current business was headquartered. That would make things more convenient he thought.

"This one," he said and tossed the file of the grey eyed woman into the middle of the table. "You'll arrange it?" he asked as he stood up, but it wasn't really a question since he was sure the woman he had hired to find him an acceptable wife would follow his instructions regardless if they were presented as a question. She understood the implied command.

By the time he reached his next meeting, the thought of his upcoming nuptials was already out of his mind. Although he was perfectly agreeable to pay for the wedding, he expected his soon to be fiancee to plan the event without his involvement. He would introduce her to his extremely efficient secretary with instructions to work in the date of ceremony between his already scheduled business meetings.

As he sat down and opened the report on his next discussion, it occurred to him that he probably should have gotten the name of the woman he was going to marry.

Regardless, he had confidence that Joan would deliver a copy of the entire file to his secretary so that he could review the details at a more convenient time.

Chapter 2

Eva Fontini slipped into the satin dress, zipping up the side, then efficiently pulled her hair into an elegant twist at the back of her head, smoothing out the stray curls that defied her fingers. The sapphire blue dress skimmed along her figure, not being too obvious but giving a hint of what might be beneath.

She put on a bit of lipstick, a touch of mascara and then, just because she'd had a busy week, she dabbed some concealer under her eyes to hide the dark circles.

She glanced at her watch and sighed. "Only three hours," she told herself. In three hours, she'd be free to escape her parents' party and she could be alone once again. Alone to work on her novel in peace and solitude. And secrecy. She also had some lesson plans to develop, her apartment to clean and several loads of laundry to wash. A party tonight was really the last place she wanted to be, but her parents had requested her presence here tonight so she'd come. Hopefully the evening wouldn't be too terrible.

As she heard the doorbell ring, indicating the first guests were starting to arrive, she quickly went down the stairs, stepping into place beside her parents just as the servant opened the heavy front door. In another twenty minutes, the dinner party was in full swing with only one person missing. Eva looked around, wondering why she needed to be here tonight. This wasn't normally her type of party, and her parents had long since stopped requesting her presence at these functions.

Her father had been firm about her attending though, so she'd acquiesced and donned her party shoes. Shoes that were already hurting her feet and she was wishing she could slip on her sneakers before heading to her own apartment tonight.

As the arriving guests dwindled, Eva was free to move about the room. She smiled and greeted each of the guests as she passed, but she wasn't really interested in talking with any of them. They were friends of her parents and she didn't feel as if she had anything in common with them.

"You look lovely," her mother said as she walked through the living room, patting Eva's shoulder. "Why don't you have a drink?"

Eva glanced down at her glass filled with seltzer water and lime. "I already have a drink," she said, biting her tongue with impatience. Her mother lived in a different world. One that alternated between valium and alcohol with sporadic cups of coffee to remain awake. That was not a state in which Eva wanted to exist. As she glanced at her mother's eyes, she noted the slightly glazed look and knew that her mother had already taken something to ease the tension of the evening. Something in addition to the glass of wine in her hands that was now half empty.

"Nonsense dear. A glass of seltzer water isn't a drink, it's a waste of a glass," she argued, waving her hand in the air as if to dismiss seltzer water as superfluous. "Go get a glass of wine at least," she said, but didn't wait for a response before moving off to greet another group of guests with a gregarious, if alcohol or valium induced smile.

Eva shook her head at her mother's chemical dependence and turned away, heading in the opposite direction of the bartender who was mixing drinks in one corner of the formal living room. She'd tried to pull her mother away from that method of coping, even going so far as to ask her father for help, but to no avail. Until her mother wanted out of that kind of cycle, there was nothing Eva could do. Except avoid that same fate herself, she thought with determination. Being the wife of a wealthy man wasn't all it was cracked up to be. It came with a great deal of stress and problems. The competition was fierce among her mother's peers to be the best hostess, have the most acclaimed house and the highest earning husband. It was a superficial existence. Eva wanted more substance to her life.

She took a seat on one of the ivory brocade sofas and smiled politely to the group around her. She was grateful when they accepted her into their conversation, but discussing the latest art craze wasn't the most exciting topic.

Trying to look as if she were enjoying the conversation, she smiled politely towards the speaker, but inside, she was completely unaware of what the person was saying. In her mind, she was working out the details of her latest scene in the book she was writing, trying to figure out where she was going to put the next clue or if the murderer was going to escape.

Damon entered the living room and glanced around, his eyes taking it all in with a swift look. The house was acceptable, indicating that Joan's firm had done their research accurately. This family was wealthy without being ostentatious. Old money, he thought. Good. His own investigation was accurate as well and he found himself congratulating himself on another step towards his ultimate goal. He hadn't relied simply on Joan's firm. Never accept only one point of reference, he'd learned over the years.

He didn't engage with the other guests immediately, wanting to hold back and understand the party's dynamics. He also wanted to observe the one woman he was interested in, the only reason he was attending this dinner party tonight.

He spotted his quarry across the room and stood back, observing her carefully. She was very attentive, sitting up straight with a lovely profile. She was slender without being too thin which was also good. He didn't want an eating disorder, but nor did he want a wife who would let herself go as she aged.

She smiled in what seemed like the correct places of the conversation and encouraged others to talk instead of dominating the discussion. He liked that and respected her skill. His future wife would be a social asset and she would have to understand how to make other people feel important and welcome.

With a nod of approval, he moved off to find the woman's father, ready to be introduced to his future wife.

"Good evening, George," Damon said to the tall, refined looking gentleman standing in a group of other men sipping scotch.

George turned and looked pleased to see Damon standing beside him. "Good evening," the older man replied with deference. "It's certainly a pleasure that you could join us for dinner tonight," he said and turned to make introductions to the others in the group. Damon knew most of them, having done business with them at one time or another. Several of them gave him veiled angry looks which he ignored. They hadn't been as vigilant about their business assets and he'd taken advantage of that weakness. He couldn't fault them for being upset about it but he wasn't going to lose any sleep over the issue either. Besides, none would dare become blatant about their animosity, at least in his presence. The repercussions of disrespecting Damon Kelopatros meant complete financial and social destruction to anyone who openly defied or disrespected him and they all knew it.

George looked at the taller man by his side and immediately waved to a passing waiter. "Let me get you a drink, and then I'll introduce you to my daughter. I believe she's around here somewhere."

Eva smiled politely, wondering how many times a person could discuss the weather at a party without doing something odd, like breaking out in a crazy singing stunt or jumping from sofa to chair and seeing how many heads she could turn. Eva almost laughed out loud at that last thought, knowing she'd never do anything so insane, but it kept the smile on her face.

She was on her fourth weather conversation and yes, the weather was abnormally warm for this time of the year and no, rain wasn't expected this week, and so on and so on. She reached for her glass of seltzer water and took a long sip, relishing the cold as it slid down her throat. The bubbles at least gave her mind something to focus on, something that was more stimulating than the conversation.

She was circumspectly glancing around when she saw her father out of the corner of her eye. He had broken away from the group of men he'd been talking with a moment ago and was now slowly approaching their group and pulling along a tall, intimidating man beside him. As circumspectly as possible, she watched the other man carefully, wondering who he was. He was extremely tall with broad shoulders but wasn't built like a bull dog like so many other tall men she knew. As he moved, his suit jacket slid open slightly and she could see that he had a flat stomach and very long legs. He was at least a head taller than most of the people in the room so he was easy to watch. His eyes were dark, dangerous almost and his strong, square jaw had a slight five o'clock shadow, even though she suspected he'd just shaved prior to arriving at the party.

His tuxedo fit him well, she thought, but what did she care about something like that? She knew how well a well designed dress could hide many flaws, she thought as she unconsciously ran a hand down her left hip. She'd always wanted to lose those last ten pounds but they stubbornly kept to her like glue on a school kid's fingers.

When her father continued to approach, Eva became nervous. The almost possessive look in the man's eyes made her very wary and her heart started pounding. She looked away, trying to concentrate on the conversation around her but her eyes strayed once again to the taller man, surprised to find that they'd made so much progress crossing the room.

For some reason she couldn't understand, she didn't want to meet this man. He was still halfway across the room and already her heart was pounding and her palms felt damp. How juvenile, she thought with exasperation at her own body's reaction to a man who was still too far away to be a threat in any kind of way.

Regardless, she didn't like the look about him, and she could tell that her father was bringing him over to introduce to her. She had to escape, considering that action an urgent mission she suddenly had to make happen.

Someone in another cluster of guests put a hand on her father's arm, slowing him down slightly. When her father looked away, she smiled to the rest of the group around her and patted the elderly woman's arm next to her. "Excuse me. I think my mother needs me." She gracefully stood up and quickly moved in the opposite direction, not bothering to glance back towards her father, just in case that man was still watching her.

She efficiently worked her way around the perimeter of the room, smiling and waving to her parents' friends and guests, weaving in and out of groups but making sure to look like she was on a mission, which deterred people from stopping her. She made it all the way into the kitchen and was grateful for the reprieve, feeling trapped and frightened simply because her father wanted to introduce her to another man. He did this all the time at these kinds of functions, so what was different about this one? Okay, so he was much more handsome than the others, and definitely taller, more muscular. But that only indicated that he was probably gay, which should have relieved her mind.

But she knew he wasn't. The man with the intent gaze and amusement lurking on his firm lips was definitely heterosexual. There was too much male interest in his gaze for her to dismiss the man as innocuous. He was dangerous and she was determined to avoid him for the rest of the evening.

Standing by the kitchen door and out of the way of the catering staff, she fanned herself for a few moments and let the sounds from the waiters and waitresses create a bubble around her while she calmed her shaking hands. This was ridiculous, she told herself. The guy was probably married, and her father just was being polite by trying to provide an introduction.

But her father wouldn't have gone to so much effort to introduce her to a married man. Her father was quite determined to get her married off as soon as he could, frustrated that his single daughter had thwarted all his efforts to rectify this situation prior to now. He wanted her married and stated the intention often enough that Eva knew when the diatribe was coming. Preferably to a nice, reliable Greek man who would help him in business. Eva's father was old fashioned, believing in arranged marriages and mutually beneficial relationships.

Ugh! Why couldn't she get that man's heated gaze out of her mind? The look he gave her that last time had really shaken her. It was what those silly romance novels would describe as "bedroom" eyes. Or knowing, powerful eyes. Eyes that took possession of anything they wanted.

"There you are!" her mother said as she passed through from the opposite door. "Why are you hiding here in the kitchen? We're about to sit down to dinner and your father has been looking for you for the past ten minutes. He wants to introduce you to someone. Come along, dear," her mother said and looped her arm through Eva's, pretending to be the ultimate, loving mother who had a fabulous, close relationship with her daughter. In reality, her mother only needed Eva's arm to hold her up and walk straight. Her mother wasn't just tipsy, she was flat out drunk, she realized.

Thankfully, only Eva would notice. And probably her father who would toss out his obligatory disapproving look and then completely ignore his wife for the remainder of the evening. At least her mother knew how to hide her inebriation well enough.

Maybe the start of dinner was a good thing, Eva thought. It would get some food into her mother and dilute some of the alcohol, slow down the inebriation process.

Eva walked her mother to the dining room where the guests were already taking their seats. Eva escorted her mother to the end of the table, then noted she was seated midway down among the guests.

Thankfully, that arrogant man she'd been trying to avoid was on the end nearest her father, so Eva was saved from needing to be polite to him during the meal. As the other guests moved into the dining room, she was careful to glance only at those who would be near her during the meal, meticulously keeping her gaze away from "him".

When everyone was finally settled, the wait staff came through with the first course and Eva relaxed, sipping her wine and smiling through the conversations. She'd learned early on in life that one really only needed to ask a few pointed questions to dinner guests and they would fill in the silence. The best question to ask was, "How are your children doing?" and that would fill in the next thirty minutes while the person regaled the people nearest about their children's foibles or accomplishments.

Damon surreptitiously watched Eva from his end of the table, impressed with her social skills while his target worked the people around her. She encouraged them to talk and had most of them laughing although he couldn't hear what they were saying since he was farther away.

He turned to the people next to him and asked the elderly woman to his right how her grandchildren were doing in school. While the white haired woman talked about her youngest grandchild's attempts to learn to walk, Damon glanced down the table, considering how long it would take before the lovely woman could organize the wedding. Just watching her, even from a distance, had his body stirring and he knew that he was going to enjoy their wedding night. He acknowledged that he'd made a good choice with this one and made a mental note to thank Joan for a job well done. There were many things about Eva that he already appreciated, including her delightful profile and her lush figure encased in that sapphire gown.

Eva wasn't stick skinny but was curvaceous in all the right places, a preference he hadn't realized he wanted until now. He'd watched Eva sneak away earlier and had appreciated the glimpse of her sumptuous hips and long legs, emphasized by the blue dress she was wearing which was both elegant and conservative, a style which he heartily approved. If anyone was going to see his wife, he wanted it to be himself. He definitely didn't want a wife who displayed her charms for strangers to ogle.

It was good that he was attracted to his fiancee although he knew it wasn't a prerequisite. He wanted several children so he was relieved that he wouldn't abhor climbing into bed to procreate with his wife. He hadn't anticipated giving up his mistresses, but with Eva, he would at least be interested in his wife for a while before finding his next mistress.

Eva forced her eyes to stay within her small range of dinner guests, never letting her eyes stray to the end of the table where that man was seated. She felt his gaze on her several times and was irritated that he could affect her, even from that distance and even when she wasn't looking at him. She had no intention of meeting him and would ensure that she was able to excuse herself early enough in the evening so that she could avoid all contact with the man after dessert was served.

When all the plates were taken away, she was surprised when her mother announced that coffee and dessert would be served in the living room and on the patio for those who wanted a bit of fresh air. It was such a departure from their normal evening progression, it threw Eva off.

Her eyes automatically shifted down the table and she was startled to find herself looking directly at the man she was desperately trying to avoid. His handsome face, those odd, brown eyes and his large presence all managed to strike something deep and scary inside of her.

When someone stepped across their view, she was able to break the link that seemed to have transfixed her in her seat. With the general exodus from the dining room as cover, Eva quickly stood and walked out, trying to escape those penetrating eyes without being too obvious in her intentions.

As the group filtered out of the dining room, Eva noticed a beautiful dessert table set up by the open doors to the patio, along with coffee and tea service. There was even brandy and other after dinner cocktails available, but Eva's only goal was to move as far away from the party as possible. She didn't doubt that her father was still trying to introduce her and she simply didn't want to deal with that man right now.

It was a gorgeous night and Eva walked slowly towards the patio along with one of the dinner guests who was talking about her latest dog she'd rescued. She had no idea how she'd gotten into this conversation with her mother's friend, nor was she sure how to extricate herself from the woman's verbal grasp, but she knew she had to do something quickly or she'd be cornered by either her father or the tall stranger.

Eva handed the woman a cup of aromatic tea and poured one for herself, grateful when an older gentleman arrived and distracted the woman with tales of his own litter of puppies who had recently been born. Eva quickly stepped out onto the patio, balancing her cup of tea in one hand while she pretended to casually stroll along the walkway but she intentionally headed for the shadows, vowing to hide herself from further conversations.

With a pounding heart, she walked deeper and deeper into the shadows and with each step, she was able to relax a bit more. Her goal was a group of chairs sheltered from view by low hanging trees that were off to the right. She knew no one else would be able to find her there because the trees hid the little group of chairs well with their low hanging branches. When she thought she was out of sight, she picked up her speed and aimed directly for her private sanctuary.

She was just about to breathe a sigh of relief and take a seat when a deep voice came out of the darkness, startling her. "I believe your plan to avoid me tonight has finally come to an end," he said and Eva jumped, her arm shooting forward and the tea splattering onto the ground.

If it weren't for the stranger's quick reflexes, which allowed him to reach out and catch the delicate china cup before it too fell to the ground, she would be stepping over shattered porcelain as well as being embarrassed. "Saved," he said softly and looked down into her moonlit features.

The man she'd been doing so well to avoid, who had made her stomach tighten with nerves and her hands shake, was now standing less than an inch from her, their toes almost touching and his breath warm on her cheek.

"Where did you come from?" she gasped and tried to step back, but the chair she'd been intending to sit down into was right behind her and she almost fell. Again, the man's quick reflexes saved the night and instead of falling down, she felt herself pulled forward by a strong arm wrapped around her waist, the arm pulling her up against his hard body and Eva gasped, surprised at how strong he was. This wasn't a man with just a good tailor, she realized. This was a man with a good gym. A well used gym, she noted as her hands reached out to steady herself by placing her hands on his arms, her fingers automatically flexing against the muscles under the expensive tuxedo material.

"I'm fine now," she said softly and tried to step back, but his arm wouldn't release her.

"I know you are," he replied, just as softly.

She waited a tense moment, but when she felt his arm tighten instead of release, she became worried. "Please let me go," she whispered.

"And if I don't?" he asked with amusement.

"I'll...." She couldn't think of a good enough threat. Or even a lame one that might make him release her. All she wanted was some privacy and his invasion was throwing her off, both physically and mentally.

"Will you scream?" he teased.

She thought about it for a moment but couldn't think of a better idea. "I might."

He instantly chuckled. "You won't."

She bristled at his confident tone, irritated that he thought he knew her so well when he didn't even know her name. "How do you know I won't? You don't even know me."

She saw those gorgeous lips smile in the dappled moonlight and shivered slightly, her mind instantly wondering what it would be like to be kissed by this man.

"I've been watching you, Eva. You're a very beautiful woman and I think we'll work out well together."

His hand slid down her back, and she was startled when she felt his hand stray ever so slightly to her bottom before moving away.

She hated the heat that surged through her with his touch, thinking she should be offended instead of excited. She was, actually, but the heat was stronger and she reacted instinctively, lashing out at the threat in the only way she knew how. With anger. "Don't do that!" she snapped, and took her empty cup of tea and sat down. "I believe you're expected at the party."

He didn't leave, nor did he sit down, which put her in a more vulnerable position by making her look up at him. "And your father has been trying to introduce us all night. You've been avoiding me." He shifted slightly so that his shoulder was leaning against one of the thick tree trunks beside him. "Why is that, do you suppose?"

She shrugged and decided not to strain her neck by trying to see his face. "At the risk of angering my father, I don't like the look you have about you. You're not my type, so I didn't want to be introduced even though my father was keen on the idea." She couldn't gauge his response due to the dim light anyway, so she shouldn't even try. "You don't take the hint very well, do you?"

"Not well, no." He chuckled and looked at her through the darkness. "A more interesting topic of conversation would be why you don't like my looks."

Eva took a sip of her tea and shrugged. "It isn't your looks that bother me. It's the way you've been looking at me that I find offensive."

"What's that look?"

"There's something in your eyes that seems to be claiming possession of me and I don't think it's appropriate."

He slid his hands into his pockets and shifted slightly, almost leaning forward as if to see her more clearly in the dim light. "What kind of look would you allow that might be considered appropriate?"

She sighed with frustration and sat up higher in the seat, wishing she didn't feel so small next to him. "I don't need to be teased, sir. I don't know who you are or what your relationship is with my father, but leave me out of it. If you're trying to get ahead in my father's company, good for you. He definitely appreciates an ambitious worker as long as you're smart to go along with that ambition. But I'm not going to help your advancement by putting in a good word for you with my father, so you might as well stop the act and just move on to better ideas. Maybe stay late at work or something to prove your value would be a better use of your time?"

He smiled at her retort but she couldn't see it because a group of clouds covered the moon, eliminating her only source of light. The more he talked to her, the more interesting she became. There was just something about her tone, perhaps the sarcasm or the defiance that he rarely encountered. Finding it in a sexy little female was unheard of. "I don't work for your father."

That startled her since most of the men her father introduced her to were his vice presidents or had some sort of affiliation with his company. It was one of the main reasons she was so easily able to reject their advances so this man not falling into a well established category just further irritated her. "Well, whatever business deal you're working with him, I'm not part of it."

"Family is always part of any business. It cannot be avoided, nor should it be. Family and social connections are what make good partners, add a good faith type of essence to the deal."

She didn't agree with him there, thinking that good business should be done with sound logic and business acumen, but she didn't think she would win an argument with him. "Not in my mind. My father can just go it alone. I'm not for sale."

"Good to hear. But why do you assume your father is in control in our relationship? Perhaps he is trying to get something from me by offering you up as incentive."

She snorted. "Sure. My father's a good businessman and has made a lot of money over the years. You're a little young to be claiming that you have something my father wants. Save that claim to fame to that horrible Damon Kelopatros or whatever his name is."

There was an odd hesitation before he said, "I take it you don't like Mr. Kelopatros?"

She shook her head, wondering about the amusement she heard in his response. "I don't care one way or another for the man. I'm just saying the old fart is probably the only man my father would sell me to. Not that I'd allow it, mind you." She stood up and moved towards the path that would take her back to the house when he moved closer. "If you'll excuse me, I'm done for the night. Enjoy the night air, sir."

He stopped her by grabbing her arm and pulling her back around. "I want you," he said, surprised that he wanted her so strongly. This was supposed to be a business deal but he found he was intensely attracted to the woman who apparently disliked him enormously since she was referring to him as an "old fart". Not the worst name he'd been called, but having it come from his fiancee made it a bit more awkward. Even if she didn't know she was going to marry him yet.

She wanted to pull her arm out of his grasp, but was afraid he wouldn't allow it. She ignored the thrill of power and excitement that shifted through her body at his words, and focused on the arrogance and conceit of him. How dare he say something like that when they'd barely spoken and hadn't even been formally introduced? What gall!

She peered up at him curiously, wishing her heart wasn't pounding in her ears. "How could you know if you want me or not based solely on this short conversation? And equally intriguing," she replied with her head cocked to the side, "how arrogant of you to think that simply saying something as offensive as that could make it so. I don't even know how to respond to something so outrageous." She continued to glare at him, hoping he could see her anger in the moonlight. "Please release me." She held herself with as much dignity as possible, but she was shaking inside, the man's touch making her feel things she didn't like and couldn't control.

"Let me take you out to lunch tomorrow," he replied, ignoring her glare and actually moving closer. His hand didn't release her arm, but it relaxed and slid down to her elbow and forearm, then took her hand in his while he examined her fingers. "I'd like to get to know you better."

With his relaxed hold, she was able to snap her hand out of his grasp and take a step backwards, adding space so that she didn't feel so small. She wasn't a short woman, just small compared to this stranger's extraordinary height. "I can assure you that the feeling is not mutual. I not only don't want to get to know you, but I sincerely hope we'll never meet again."

He chuckled at her spunk, finding her refreshing and lovelier with each passing moment. "I can guarantee that we'll meet again. And it will be very, very soon." While he spoke, he was lifting her hand to his mouth. She thought he only meant to kiss her with old fashioned flair but she should have known better. Instead of a gentlemanly kiss, he turned her hand over and kissed the palm of her hand, smiling when he heard her gasp and felt the shivers intensify.

As he walked away, Eva shot daggers at his back, wishing she could say something pithy that would pierce his confidence. But she couldn't think of anything at the moment.

How had he gained her hand again? She'd snatched it away from him!

Chapter 3

Eva closed her eyes, working through the scene and trying to come up with a good way to segue from one scene to the next. There was a clue to the murderer she had to add, but her main character, a female detective with a huge chip on her shoulder, needed to discover this one particular clue soon or the ending wouldn't work as well. She already had that part figured out, even how the arrest was going to happen. It was the middle that was more of the puzzle. That was the part she loved too. It was all very intricate and detailed, making her think hard about how to shift the balance of power from the bad guy to the detective.

She really should be working on her lesson plans. They were more urgent, but her novel was coming along well and she'd made a great deal of progress today. She didn't want to break the moment by working on plans for her investing class.

The phone ringing interrupted her concentration and she jumped at the sound, the ring shattering the silence of her apartment with a shrill sound.

With a sigh, she looked at the caller ID, not willing to break her work day up for just anyone. The phone number wasn't familiar, so she pressed the button that would send the call to voice mail.

Once silence reigned once again, she stood up and paced her apartment. She'd set up her office in the second bedroom but it felt small today. Confined. And with the phone ringing, her whole concentration was interrupted. She'd lost the creative bubble that had been helping her to get through her storyline this morning.

It was all because of that man, she thought with a great deal of frustration. She walked into her kitchen and grabbed a diet soda, opening the top and trying to calm down. Every time she thought about the previous night she just got riled up again. She'd even had trouble sleeping last night because of that obnoxious kiss to her palm!

Of all the gall! Why did he think he could do things like that to her? Why would he even want to? They'd barely met and there he was, kissing the palm of her hand like some.....ugh! Just some....she couldn't even think of a good enough epithet for him, she was just too angry.

When the phone started ringing once again, she turned around and looked at the phone number. It was the same number, so she supposed she should answer it. Besides, she wasn't making any more progress today. Her whole mind was shot because of last night's dinner party now that the phone had interrupted her. She should have unplugged it and just focused on her story!

"Hello?" she snapped as she answered the phone and then immediately regretted her tone. The caller wasn't the cause of her frustrations so she shouldn't be taking it out on the stranger. "I'm sorry. How can I help you?" she asked again, pushing her hair off her forehead.

"You can let me pick you up for lunch," a deep voice said over the phone lines.

She stood absolutely still as her mind reeled with recognition. "You!" she growled. "Why are you calling me?"

He laughed softly. "I thought I made that clear a moment ago. Are you always this feisty in the morning? I think I like it."

She could just see the man leaning back in his big, black, leather chair and smiling maliciously at her discomfort. "I'm never feisty except when you are around. And no, I won't go to lunch with you. I have to hang up now. I have a deadline."

"Don't hang up, Eva," he warned, his tone filled with authority.

Damn him! And damn her for reacting to the authority in his voice. "Why not?"

"Because if you do, I'll think you're scared of me." He paused to let that sink in before he said, "And that might imply that you find me attractive which would then give me a great deal of satisfaction."

She gasped and glared at the tree across the parking lot from her apartment, wishing it was his head and she could just chop it off! "I'm not afraid of you," she snapped at him, furious that he would think that, even if it were true. She'd have to do a much better job of concealing her emotions if this man could get to her so easily.

"Then meet me for lunch and convince me that I'm wrong. Otherwise, I'm going to pursue you, assuming that you're attracted to me but too intimidated to act on your feelings and just need reassurance that I'm very attracted to you as well."

"Isn't that a bit trite?"

He chuckled, a sexy sound that made her stomach clench with anticipation. "Not at all, if it's incorrect." His voice was very soft as he said, "Is it true, Eva?"

Her breath was shaky but she thought she was able to hide it well through the phone. "Absolutely not!"

"Great. Lunch in two hours at Il Bodega. I'll either meet you there or I'll have the answer to my question with your absence," he said and hung up the phone.

Eva couldn't believe what she'd just heard. She actually laughed at how he'd impressively trapped her into having lunch with him, giving him points for his creative mind. She was still chuckling as she stood up a half hour later to get ready to meet him, but promising herself that she wouldn't take anything he said too seriously.

Two hours later, she wasn't amused any longer. She'd arrived at the restaurant and saw him across the room, already seated at a table and talking on his cell phone. He saw her enter and stood up, but the hostess was already guiding her across the room so he remained at the table, watching her approach.

There was a significant difference between talking to the man over the phone and being amused by his manipulations, and walking towards him in the bright light of day, his dark eyes watching her with that look that made her stomach quiver with something she refused to believe was excitement or eagerness.

She was no longer amused, she was back to being irritated. Which, in her own mind, she accepted was because the man scared her silly but she'd never admit that to him. Anger was a much easier emotion to explain, and it wouldn't give him as much power over her.

Good grief he was tall and scary looking, and just downright intimidating the closer she got to him. Couldn't he please sit down so he didn't tower over her like this?

Damon watched with fascination as Eva walked across the room. She really was a stunningly beautiful woman with a lush figure that drew other men's attention, which actually irritated him, he realized. When had he ever cared if other men noticed the females he escorted? If other men had looked at his previous companions, he'd not noticed, nor would he have cared.

It was because this woman was going to be his wife, he thought possessively. When other men looked, they considered the possibilities. And there would be no possibilities with his wife. Not with anyone but himself!

When she reached the table, he already had the chair pulled out for her and he enjoyed the soft scent of her as she gracefully took her seat. Her perfume wasn't heavy or cloying, but a subtle, flowery smell that wafted around him. A barely there scent that made him think of sex and freshness.

Eva sat down, glaring at the man across the table from her. "Okay, I'm here. What more do you want?"

He chuckled and leaned back in his seat. "Ah, Eva, my dear. There is so much more that I want and I'm not sure you're ready to hear those thoughts at this point."

"You're Damon Kelopatros," she pointed out.

"I've accepted that in my life."

She squirmed under his amused gaze, trying to figure out how to pierce his good humor. "You're the man who is single handedly destroying the entire waterfront on the west side of the city."

"I see you're an admirer of my work."

She was stunned that he would be so blase about the situation. "I wouldn't exactly call myself an admirer," she retorted, leaning forward and getting ready for a fight. "You're destroying so many people's way of life, their culture. You're obliterating what makes that area special and unique. Don't you care about things like that?"

He raised an eyebrow at her argument, unconcerned with his development reputation. "I'm creating about ten thousand additional jobs."

She wasn't giving in. The man couldn't be completely impervious to all arguments, she just needed to find one that would work and convince him to not destroy the area where so many people depended on the services from the center. "The people who are already living in that community won't be able to get to work because the streets will be changed, traffic re-routed around your site. And what's worse, your building is going where their recreation center is currently located. There are so many services that the community depends upon that are offered in that center. There's day care, preschool, after school activities for the teens and if it isn't there any longer, or if it's moved, those parents and students will be unable to replace those services easily. Especially with their work schedules."

He was impressed with her passion, although he didn't agree with her argument. In his opinion, there were other things more important than day care for kids. "The recreation center can be moved."

"First of all, no one has the funds to move that center. And secondly, even if it somehow does get moved, it becomes out of reach to the people who need it the most."

A waiter arrived and Damon ordered a bottle of white wine, then dismissed the man impatiently, enjoying himself too much to be interrupted. "I hardly think moving it three or four blocks out of its current location will eliminate an entire groups' access to the center."

She stared at him, amazed that he could be so out of touch with how some families survive. "Do you really know who uses that center?"

"Not really. It wasn't my primary goal to find out. The center might have made it into the impact report, but it didn't draw my attention."

"Your sarcasm only digs you deeper."

"I don't really believe I'm digging anything, much less getting in deeper."

"You're actually proud of the fact that you're eliminating an entire neighborhood's culture."

"And you're actually berating me for providing jobs for thousands of additional families? How can you be so callous?"

She leaned forward, trying to make him understand what he was doing. "Because you could move your building somewhere else."

"And your neighborhood can evolve, just like the rest of the world has to do in order to survive. What will actually happen is that the parts of their culture that are strongest will survive and the parts that are weakest will be eliminated. I can't guarantee that the parts that are strongest are the most positive, nor can you guarantee that any other site for my building will provide the same level of access to the thousands of families that will be working within the walls of my building. All we can safely guarantee is that change will occur. How we deal with that change is up to each individual."

Eva opened her mouth to argue against his point, but she couldn't think of anything. He was right, but she refused to admit it. "You could move the site of the building."

He controlled his amusement at her outrageous suggestion, but just barely. "At a cost of what? And can the families wait for the delay of the jobs the building will generate? Are you telling me that the unemployed care more about having an afterschool activity for their teen than an income that will put food on the table at night?"

She sat back and looked away, frustrated because she knew he was right and she had no rebuttal. "You're frustrated with me," he replied, unable to smother his chuckle this time. She just looked too lovely and frustrated.

"I don't really like you," she came back.

"You don't really know me. But you will," he said softly. The waiter arrived and he ordered her a salad and himself a tuna steak.

The waiter bowed and was about to leave when Eva stopped him. "Actually, I'll have the herbed chicken, thank you." She stared back at Damon, waiting to see if he would challenge her choice. That was all she needed at this point so she could get out of here and avoid more of his arrogance and superiority. "I don't allow anyone to order for me."

He nodded to the waiter, but she could tell that he was annoyed. Good! She didn't like this man at all and wanted him to just leave her alone.

She leaned back in her chair and took a sip of the wine that had been poured at some point during their argument. "So, you want me to get to know you, tell me about yourself." She refused to compliment him on the crisp, delicious wine he'd chosen but it was delightful.

He was surprised, expecting her to start telling him all about herself. But instead, she simply sat across the table from him, sipping her wine as if she had all the time in the world. "Why don't you tell me about yourself?"

She shook her head and glanced at the people around their table, wondering if any of them had overheard their argument. It also gave her an excuse to not look at him, pulling her attention from his fascinating features. "Because I don't want you to get to know me, my personal life is none of your business and I don't want to be here so if you want to win me over, then you're going to have to work for it."

He raised an eyebrow at her opposition.

She watched his reaction and almost laughed at his consternation. "What? You've never had to work to impress a woman before?"

He smiled at her challenge but wouldn't lie to her, even if it put him a bad light. "Actually, no. Women seem to want to impress me instead of the other way around."

She rolled her eyes. "Well, consider me your first."

"Will I be your first?' he asked, watching her facial features for her reaction.

Her mouth dropped open and she was sure she had misunderstood his question. Or perhaps he meant something other than what his question sounded like. "Excuse me?" She leaned back so the waitress could present her meal, sure she'd misunderstood his comment.

He smiled slightly. "You heard me."

"I hardly think that's any of your business."

The waiter arrived to re-fill their water and Damon waited until both glasses had been refreshed before continuing. He also enjoyed making her squirm. She was such a little spitfire and challenged him at every turn. Besides, the bombshell he was about to drop needed to be savored, and he didn't want an audience.

When they were once again alone, he leaned slightly forward and said, "Since we're going to be married, it's definitely my business."

Eva couldn't believe her ears. She blinked once, looked at his face to determine if he was serious, then blinked again to try and make sense of the world in which he lived. "Married? Why the hell would I marry you?"

"I don't want my wife to swear, Eva," he admonished.

She was almost sputtering with her outrage now. "Then you'd damn well better marry someone else! Regardless, it's certainly not going to be me!"

"We will be married. As soon as you can arrange for the ceremony. I'd like something small, but I know your family might prefer a large wedding. Perhaps we can compromise? A large wedding and a smaller reception?"

Eva was having a hard time understanding. Surely she'd misunderstood. "Excuse me?"

"The ceremony. Keep up, please."

He picked up his wine glass and took a long swallow and Eva couldn't believe that she was momentarily mesmerized by the movement of his throat as the water went down. It was hypnotic somehow.

When he set his water down and started eating again, she shook her head and refocused on their conversation, pulling her gaze away from his throat and forcing her eyes back to his. "We're definitely not getting married. She looked around, trying to make sense of this conversation and wondering how he'd come about thinking she was going to marry him, but nothing made sense.

She suddenly had an idea and looked back at him sharply. "Are you crazy?" she asked softly, so no one else could hear just in case there was a mental issue this man didn't want known to others.

He laughed softly and shook his head. "I can assure you that my mental state is perfectly sound. I simply decide quickly what I want and go after it."

She'd been cutting her chicken carefully, but gave up and placed her knife and fork down on the china plate and folded her hands in her lap. "And you've decided upon me for your wife? What were your criteria?"

One shoulder lifted casually as he savored a bite of his lunch. "Someone poised, personable. Someone who has been raised to know the importance of socializing for her husband's business enterprises and assisting wherever possible."

She waited, wondering where he was going with this but when he stopped, she shook her head. "That's it? Those are your only requirements in a wife?" She was stunned. Horrified actually. "What about love? Desire? Being best friends and wanting to share one's life with another person?"

He shook his head and waved those criteria aside as insignificant. "Those are all silly myths people tell themselves to justify an ill advised marriage. I prefer to maintain logic in both my business as well as my personal relationships."

Several people passed by their table at that point and Eva stared at her food, trying to assimilate all he'd said. When she glanced across the table at him, he was eating his meal as if he hadn't just dropped an enormous bomb onto the lunch table.

Her eyes narrowed as a thought occurred to her. "My parents already know about this, don't they?"

"Of course. I never would have broached the subject without their cooperation. Which is what they were trying to explain to you last night but you were being skittish about the whole process. Not a very good start, by the way."

Eva's eyes widened when the man actually admonished her for wanting to avoid him. "Let me get this straight. You saw me, decided I would be an appropriate wife, approached my parents to negotiate the terms and here you are, settling the matter over lunch. Did I miss anything?"

Damon considered telling her that he'd hired a service, but he was starting to understand that Eva might be a bit more emotional than he'd anticipated. He didn't mind. He knew he could overcome her issues as soon as he understood what they were. "What are your objections to the relationship?"

She laughed, shaking her head at the way he continued to believe their engagement would proceed without any consent on her side. "There isn't a relationship! I think that's my biggest objection." People were starting to look in their direction so she lowered her voice and picked up her fork to pretend an interest in her meal.

"Then we'll meet a few more times to get to know one another. But in the meantime, I would advise you to start planning the wedding. I think the beginning of April would be fine. Are you up to the challenge?"

"Challenge?" She narrowed her eyes at him. "Are you asking me if I'm up to the challenge of finding some redeeming qualities in you that would make this relationship more palatable? Or are you asking if I'm capable of organizing a social event in two months time?"

"Since the first is irrelevant, the second would be the question."

She watched him for a long moment, wondering if the man was human. She reached across the table and touched his hand slightly. When her fingers felt the warmth of actual flesh, she pulled away quickly, startled by the heat of his skin.

He raised an eyebrow in question at her touch, his hand stilled as he looked at her. "What was that for?"

She shrugged and looked down at her delicious smelling meal, barely touched because her stomach was churning so badly she didn't think she could eat anything. "I was just wondering if you were a robot."

He chuckled and shook his head. "I'm definitely not a machine, Eva. I'm just logical and don't let emotions rule my decisions. You could learn a lot from the way I conduct my life. It seems as if you're life is ruled primarily by emotions and reactions."

She shook her head, ignoring his criticism completely since he didn't know her at all, besides two conversations that were definitely not representative of the way she lived her life normally. "I'm not going to do this, you know."

"Yes, you are."

Eva couldn't believe that he could be so confident. Did he know something she didn't? Could he have something on her father that could force her into a marriage? She fiddled with her fork, and contemplated the man sitting casually across from her. "No. I'm not marrying anyone like you. I need someone who will love me for who I am and will do what he can to make me happy. You're not the kind of man who would take my concerns to heart."

He shrugged that complaint aside. "You will have a large allowance so you can do whatever it is that makes you happy. All I will demand is that you are a venerable hostess for my business needs and you raise our children with care and concern for their upbringing."

A horrified burst of laughter escaped and she looked at him across the table. "How would someone like you know how to have children, much less raise them?"

He looked up and Eva was caught in the intensity of his amber gaze. "I'm very good at the process of making children although I've only been experimenting with the procedure so far. I expect you'll be pregnant within the first year of our marriage so if there is something you'd like to accomplish before then, you'll need to get it out of the way."

She actually had trouble breathing as she pictured him 'experimenting with the procedure'. For one, stomach churning, crazy moment, her mind pictured him in bed with her and she felt her whole body react with heat and restlessness. She quickly crushed the thought and focused only on the negative part of his comment. "First year? You don't fool around, do you?"

He once again looked up and winked at her. "I'm very good at that too."

She blushed and looked away. "Children require two parents. It doesn't sound like you are expecting to be a very active participant."

"I'll be extremely active in the process of creating the children."

She shook her head and glanced back at him. "And after that, you'll be making your next billion?"

"I'll be attending to my business interests, yes. Raising of the children is the wife's domain."

Eva gave up on picking at her meal and put her fork down, leaning back against her chair. "See? We could never make it together. We disagree on every subject that's been brought up so far."

"Then choose a subject that we'll both agree upon," he countered with patronizing logic.

She shook her head and leaned back, dismissing the idea as impossible. "I don't think one exists."

"You're simply not trying hard enough. And why would the father become involved in the raising of children?"

"Because I know what it's like to have an absent father. And I won't bring children into this world unless I know that child will be loved by both the mother and father, with equal partnership in the marriage and parenting decisions."

"Where have you heard such drivel?"

She sat forward again, becoming irritated that he was being so obtuse about parenting. "It isn't drivel. It's common sense. Children need both a mother and a father's influence. There are numerous studies that will explain the issues."

"I'll hire someone to be a male role model."

"Not good enough."

He leaned back in his chair and watched her for a long moment, amused by her horror. "How about a compromise?"

She immediately shook her head, stabbing at her chicken in an effort to get rid of some of her outrage. "I don't compromise on children."

"How about if we agree that I'll be home for some dinners but you'll have the primary influence on the children. Although I maintain veto on anything I disagree with."

She stood up and rolled her eyes. "No deal. Listen, I'm sure there's a woman out there who would jump at the chance to be Ms. Kelopatros with all your billions at her disposal to do whatever she wants and raise your children with proxy attention. That's just not what I want. Thank you for lunch," she said politely and turned on her heel to walk away.

Damon watched her, wondering why his body was reacting to a woman with that kind of hostility. But there was no denying it. He wanted her. And he would have her. He contemplated strategy as he watched her walk out of the restaurant, his hands itching to feel her skin, to hold her lush body and feel her moving underneath him as he found all those places that would make her lose that cool control she showed to the world. He'd made her lose it though. He almost laughed out loud at how irritated she'd become at some of his responses. She was sexy as hell when she was angry.

He even liked the way she walked, with her full hips swaying slightly, her back ramrod straight and her shoulders back as if she were queen of the world. Even as he watched and his body reacted to her gentle sway, he still wanted to do everything in his power to have her begging for him as he made love to her. He wanted her to scream out his name when she climaxed in his arms and to feel her sigh with satisfaction in the end.

Dammit! He couldn't stand up to leave just yet. His thoughts had made him uncomfortably hard. Leaving now would be slightly embarrassing so he relaxed and swallowed down the rest of his ice water, leaving the excellent wine left alone, regardless that it had probably cost him about a thousand dollars and neither one had done it justice.

Eva was definitely intoxicating enough, he thought with relish.

He would have her. And it would be in April. Possibly sooner.

As he watched her walk down the sidewalk through the restaurant windows, her breasts pushing against her soft, red sweater, he acknowledged that he wanted this woman soon. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed a number, getting the process in place that would....coax her into his way of thinking.

Chapter 4

Eva walked with her head held high but her knees were shaking with anger and humiliation. She couldn't believe that the man wanted to marry her, but not for any flattering reason. She might have been slightly less offended if he'd said something along the lines of at least being attracted to her. But he'd only said she was an appropriate hostess and would procreate well.

Ugh!

She understood why her mother drank!

No, Eva didn't understand that. She'd never put herself into a position where she would have so little power in her life that she would resort to alcohol to get through the day.

It was a gorgeous afternoon and she wouldn't let that horrible man spoil it. She pulled her car keys out and clicked on the button to release the locks. Getting behind the wheel, she lowered all the windows and let her hair down, not wanting to constrict herself in any way. Within five minutes, she was outside the city and speeding down the road, letting the wind pull away the horrible memory of her lunch time conversation.

She pulled into her apartment building and ran up to her private domain, glad now that she'd ignored the pressure from her mother and father to stay with them at the house. She loved her little condominium and had furnished it with care, loving all the little pieces she'd built up over the past few years. It was very eclectic and nothing like her mother's elegant, formal style. This place was filled with brightly colored pillows from India, long, sheer curtains with colorful toppings to block the outside world when she needed privacy. Her bedroom was simply furnished, but with silky fabrics in soothing colors and luxurious fabrics. Nothing had been expensive and she'd bought all of it with her own money. Money she'd earned on her own. Her parents had no idea what she did outside of their house, and as long as she didn't embarrass them, and she showed up at all the appropriate functions, they didn't care nor did they ask questions.

As she peeled off the simple black sheath dress and hung it carefully in the extra bedroom closet, she padded barefoot into her bedroom and pulled on her own clothes. A pair of jeans, a white tee-shirt and a denim jacket. Heading back out the door with her books in her bag, she made her way back to her car and was off again, her laptop tucked under her arm and several new ideas ready to be developed for her next chapter.

If there was anything good to come out of this 'relationship' with Damon Kelopatros, it was that he generated several new ideas for her book, spicing up her creative juices!

Chapter 5

Eva had three glorious days without meeting up with Damon and was thrilled, thinking he'd finally given up his attempt to pressure her into a marriage. She ignored the sense of deflation she felt as she checked her messages on her cell phone, refusing to admit that she was disappointed when Damon didn't contact her. She told herself that she was relieved that he had moved on to another woman. When she read the papers, skimming the business and social headlines, she pretended like she wasn't tensing for news of his engagement to someone else, just that she was interested as a non-interested bystander.

She found out her assumptions were incorrect on the fourth day. "Dinner tonight, 7pm, my place," was all the text message said. No name, no address, just the command to appear. She knew exactly who it was from even without a name.

Instantly her heart rate increased and she considered so many ways to respond. Something that would put him in his place and show him that she refused to jump at his commands. Why should she? She had no relationship with him, no reason to obey him and even if he were her employer, she still would demand that he contact her and request her presence with a bit more respect than that message offered.

She started to ignore it, but knew that it wouldn't be the end of the situation. She simply replied, "Have plans" without any preamble or apology.

When she quickly received the reply, "Cancel", she gritted her teeth and considered her options. She could refuse, telling him that her current plans were much more interesting than he could possibly hope to be. She could make up some fabulous event she would be attending, but she knew that he would probably show up wherever she told him she was going to be. She smiled at the idea of telling him she had another date, with a man who was much more considerate than he could hope to be.

After debating back and forth with herself, she relied on simplicity and said "No." before tucking her phone into her purse. She smiled as she moved back to her computer, her fingers flying over the keyboard as she developed the scene where her detective was interrogating a suspect. In her mind, the suspect was Damon and she was the detective. In the dialogue, she always came out sounding better, more intelligent and she won each argument.

She suspected that the simple "No" would make him angrier than anything she might try to make up. Defiance was foreign to that man so it felt extremely good to be the first to offer it to him.

She heard it vibrate a moment later, but determined to ignore it. She succeeded for all of five minutes before she pulled it out again and looked at the screen. She almost growled when she read the word, "Coward" on her screen.

She almost broke a nail while she replied, "Name the place!", forgetting that he'd mentioned his place already. He replied with his address and she tossed the cell phone back into her bag, refusing to look at it again or even acknowledge that she'd received his address. Damn the man and his conceited, obnoxious mentality!

Four hours later, she was standing in front of his door, still fuming over how arrogant he was being. He'd gotten her here, but she wasn't going to bow to his pressure any more than she had the previous meeting. She was still disgusted with herself for being outmaneuvered with the exact same trick he'd used on her before. Why was she so gullible when it came to this man? What power did he have over her that would make her do something so stupid?

"You're late," he said as soon as he opened the door to her at his penthouse in a fabulous building in the heart of Athens. She hated the fact that she liked his place and pretended to ignore the incredible views of the sun setting over the horizon, looking like the city was almost on fire from this vantage point.

"I'm here. Don't ask for more than that."

"I expect punctuality," he said as he closed the door behind her.

"Learn to live with disappointment, then," she snapped back and walked into the living area, dropping her purse onto a chair, then swinging around to face him, crossing her arms over her chest. Her chin went up subconsciously as she faced her tormentor.

He chuckled as he followed her into the penthouse.

"So what do you want from me?" she asked, watching as he walked through the living room.

He turned and looked down at her. "Do you really want to know?"

She was startled by the heat in his golden eyes and wisely shook her head. "No. Probably not."

"Wise choice," he said and pulled her forward. She resisted by pushing against his shoulders, but she was no match for his superior strength. "I thought I wanted an obedient wife but it turns out that you're more interesting that I thought possible."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means the service I hired to investigate you wasn't very thorough. And I'm very appreciative of their omission because I might have missed out on experiencing your particular brand of entertainment."

She gave up on trying to keep some space between their bodies. It wasn't working anyway since she was now plastered against him. Instead, she tried to pretend like she wasn't affected by his touch, that her heart wasn't racing frantically and her body wasn't tingling wherever it was touching his. She also tried not to let her fingers wander despite the fact that she was fascinated by the unanticipated muscles underneath his immaculately tailored dress shirt, and that she didn't want to touch the soft hairs that were visible in the open neck where he'd left the buttons open.

Her mind was frantically trying to keep pace with his words, and she stopped looking at his chest in order to understand what he was telling her. And then it hit her! He'd hired a service to find her? "Why in the world would you hire a service? And what kind of investigation?" she asked, completely offended by his invasion of her privacy. This had to be the most appalling piece of information he'd given her so far. This was far and above more arrogant than him telling her that they were going to be married. "And, just to be thorough using your phrase, please explain to me what they didn't mention in their report to you about me that you find so interesting?" She wasn't sure if she was shaking with anger or his close proximity, but the anger was safer. Her eyebrows were drawn low and her hands were trapped by his chest and his surprisingly strong arms, furious with him for doing something so horrible as to have her investigated.

His hands slipped down the length of her and he enjoyed the way her body wiggled against his. But because the reaction she was trying to hide, as well as her voluptuous curves, was making him react as well, he released her. As much as he wanted to toss her over his shoulder and carry her to his bedroom so he could make love to her, they had things to discuss. Besides, he knew she wouldn't protest the sexual act while he was making love to her, would be very into the undertaking if her body's reaction had anything to say about it. But she would be angry after the fact for letting herself go like that.

"I don't do anything that isn't well researched, including choosing a spouse." He stepped away and poured two glasses of red wine, satisfied now that she felt the same attraction he was feeling. She was fighting it though, which only made it more interesting for him. He wanted her badly, but he realized he was tired of women who threw themselves at him, hoping for financial or status gain. Eva was a completely different breed, preferring to pull away at what he suspected could be the strongest attraction he'd ever experienced. Damon didn't mind though. He was thoroughly enjoying each meeting. She was fresh and alive and didn't pull her punches, which he respected. And once he finally got her into bed, he knew that the fireworks would be even more spectacular. He was willing to wait, and enjoy every moment of their odd courtship.

He considered her carefully as she sipped the excellent white wine he'd opened earlier, almost chuckling as she tried to hide even her approval of the wine. She was cute when she refused to give him an inch!

"I'll make a deal with you. Two weeks of lunches or dinners together."

She took a deep breath and turned away from him, taking in the stunning view of the city he had from his living room windows. The wine was superb, she thought, wishing he could do just one thing poorly like choose a bad tasting wine. Did the man have to be so good at everything? "What's two weeks going to do? I'll still dislike you and everything you stand for."

"Ah, but two weeks will give me a chance to show you how charming I can be."

"Impossible."

"I see I'll have to add a bit of incentive."

"There's nothing you can..."

"Don't be too hasty." He stepped closer to her and watched as her breathing increased and her heart rate sped up. He even liked the fact that her nipples were peaked for him, although he doubted she even realized that her body was reacting like this for him. "Only a few days ago, you were speaking very passionately about the people who use the recreation center."

Her eyes lit up with excitement and relief. Could he possibly be giving in? Had she convinced him at lunch earlier in the week that the center was a valuable resource? "You'll give up that site and move your blasted building if I just spend two boring weeks with you?"

He laughed and shook his head. "Not quite, but I appreciate the fact that you think big."

She sighed and turned away, blowing a lock of brown hair out of her eyes. "Okay, so what do you think might be more enticing?"

"Besides my wonderful company?"

She snorted and rolled her eyes. "Get real."

He smiled. "I must be a glutton for punishment. My offer is that I'll make a substantial donation to the shelter which will help some of the programs to shift their efforts and help the residents ease through the impact of the move to another location."

She thought about it for a moment, her eyes narrowing suspiciously at him. "How substantial?"

He watched her carefully, considering what she might consider substantial. "Name your price."

She stiffened slightly and immediately shook her head. "No, that would make me feel like a prostitute."

"And me naming a sum would be different?" He wasn't sure he grasped the difference.

"Yes. It's probably semantics, but it's a psychological difference."

He wasn't going to argue with that kind of logic. Especially when she looked so adorable as she blushed along those beautiful, porcelain cheeks. "Fine. One hundred thousand dollars."

"Five hundred thousand," she countered, holding her breath to see if he'd take the amount.

He almost laughed at both the sum, and the telltale giveaways her body was showing him. Even she considered that amount to be high. She was biting her lower lip again and he desperately wanted to take her into his arms and soothe the area she was abusing. He hid his amusement as he countered, "Two hundred thousand and you're on call whenever I want you and you'll act as my hostess during the time period."

She bit her lip and thought hard, tapping her free hand against her thigh as she frantically worked through a counter offer. "Three hundred thousand and you arrange for our meetings ahead of time with no hostessing responsibilities."

He moved in closer, seeing that he was winning the negotiations. "Two fifty and you come when I want you, although I'll try and arrange the meetings ahead of time but you won't balk if I need you spur of the moment." His eyes glanced down at her full, lower lip and her pretty, worried eyes. "And I get to try and convince you of my many sterling traits however I see fit."

She knew there was a catch to his offer somehow but her mind couldn't work quickly enough to figure it out. Plus a two hundred and fifty thousand dollar donation would go a long way towards financing several of the programs that needed help. Did she dare turn down the money? She knew there was nothing he could do or say that would change her mind about him in two weeks.

"Deal," she said, but as soon as she said it, she regretted it. There was something in his eyes that made her want to take back the words.

"Deal," he replied softly and took her hand, kissing the back of her wrist when she curled her fingers closed. "This starts now." He pulled his cell phone out of the pocket of his slacks and dialed a number. "Send two hundred and fifty thousand dollars to the Evlin Street Recreation Center, the normal procedures for donations," he commanded to whoever had answered the phone, then snapped it shut and put it away.

Without another word, he pulled her into his arms, pressing her against him with one hand on her back while the other hand moved to the back of her head, holding her head in place while his mouth came down over hers. Eva wanted to stop it, but she was stunned by his touch, by the heat slicing through her system and making her quiver with reaction. Before she could even move to resist, the heat invading her bones was melting her muscles, muscles that were no longer able to push him away as her mind anxiously tried to do.

When she felt his tongue tease her lips, she gasped at the electric shock and he took full advantage of that, moving in and tasting her, his tongue teasing hers to participate. She'd never been kissed like this, feeling so helpless, so overwhelmed. A kiss was supposed to be nice and considerate, something to be savored. Not this crazy kind of lust that assaulted her and caused her body to want to press against his while her hands ached to touch him, to feel his muscles and explore.

She was usually the one in charge, the one that moved in on her dates and kissed them good night. She started and stopped their kisses. Damon wasn't following the rules! He wasn't being considerate!

Damon could feel the resistance in her body and was determined to make her let go of control. Her hands were gripping his shirt, both pushing him one moment, then pulling him closer the next. He countered her resistance with gentleness, nibbling on her lower lip, sliding his tongue along her mouth and showing her what it would feel like. He felt like a king when he heard the small whimper in the back of her throat and her whole body melted against his, pressing herself closer. The hands that had been fisted on his shirt were now wrapping around his neck, her fingers sliding into his hair and he almost lost control.

Her reaction was so electrifying, so incredibly sweet that he deepened the kiss, pulling her head back so he could taste her more thoroughly, loving the way she continued to make those sexy sounds and his body hardened almost painfully as she slid herself against him. He could feel her breasts against his chest, his mind reeling at how kitten like she could be when she gave in to the attraction.

He pulled back, knowing that if he continued this kiss much longer, he would lift her lush figure into his arms and take her down the hallway to his bedroom, not letting her up until she was screaming out her release in his arms. Damn but she felt good!

He watched in fascination as she recovered from his kiss, seeing her eyes flutter open, the realization that she'd wrapped herself around him and she slowly recoiled, embarrassed by her body's reaction.

Eva stood there, staring at the middle of his chest and wondering what had just happened. Her mind wasn't working very well but she tried to form a thought. "Why did you do that?" she asked, whispering in case the noise of her voice melted her body that was still weak from his kiss.

"Because I wanted to," he replied with a voice deeper with husky sensuality. "And you enjoyed it even though you're probably castigating yourself for that pleasure."

She took a deep breath and stepped away, refusing to admit that she might have liked the way he felt against her, or even that his kiss might have engendered a small, tiny, infinitesimal reaction inside her. "I don't think that is part of our bargain."

"The deal was that I could try and convince you of my sterling qualities. I consider my....abilities...one of my sterling qualities. Deal has been set, you can't renegotiate the terms after the fact."

"That wasn't part of the negotiations."

"Too late to add details to the contract. We're going on implied conditions," he said and handed her a glass of wine. He didn't want her to think too much about that kiss or her reaction to it. He was concerned that she would pull away or refuse to meet with him if she was afraid of their attraction. "Tell me what you did today." He wanted to change the subject, to get her mind off of her reaction, even though his body was still hard and aching for her curves to be back in his arms so they could finish what they'd started.

She stared down at the wine in her glass, wondering what she'd gotten herself into. This was crazy and she was terrified of what he'd just done to her, what he'd made her feel.

Her hands were shaking as she walked over to the sofa, sinking down into the soft cushions and trying to come up with a response. Unfortunately, her mind wasn't working, it was still back on that kiss and her response. How could she have enjoyed that so much, with a man she hated? Was she that weak? Was she so promiscuous that she would allow a man to touch her that she didn't respect?

"Eva," Damon called out, his voice soft but firm as he watched her work through her reaction. He was concerned that she was turning that kiss into something more than it was. But it had served the exact purpose to which he'd wanted; to show her that there was an intense attraction between the two of them that she couldn't deny. An attraction that would benefit them in their marriage and she needed to accept that so they could move on to the next step.

"What?" she snapped, still looking down at her lap, trying to hide her shaking hands.

"Look at me, Eva," he coaxed, noticing that she was more affected by the kiss than he'd thought. That was both good and bad, he knew.

"I don't want to look at you!" she countered.

He chuckled and moved closer. "If you don't want to talk, then I'll have to find something else to do until dinner is ready," he said and started to sit down next to her.

As expected, she jumped up, almost spilling her wine in the process. "Fine! My day was fine!"

"What did you do?" he asked and sat down across from her like he'd originally planned, instead of next to her. He knew she needed space although soon, very soon, he wasn't going to give it to her. His plan was to ease her into accepting their mutual attraction. But there was no way he would allow her to completely reject it.

She shook her head and looked up, glaring at him once again. "Why in the world would you want to know what I did today?"

He couldn't believe she really had to ask. "Because I find you fascinating. And I'd like to get to know you better."

She sighed and relaxed back against the extremely comfortable sofa cushions. "I thought the only prerequisites you had for a wife were a good hostess and procreator. Did I misunderstand at our lunch earlier this week?"

He chuckled, glad that the spitfire was back in full force. He was starting to become disturbed by the quiet Eva. She'd been looking distraught, forlorn, like he'd just stepped on her new puppy. This angry woman, still appearing ravishing and sexy as hell...she was much easier to handle and understand.

"I guess you sit around having lunches with your friends or shopping?" he prompted, knowing that wasn't the case but he enjoyed riling her.

She tilted her head to the side. "What would you think if I told you that I teach investing classes for underprivileged families and am also a best-selling author of mysteries? That I spent the day at the morgue trying to get gory details out of the medical examiner on the latest murder victims so I can use those details in my own plot line?"

He threw back his head and laughed, thoroughly amused by the possibility. This woman, sitting so erect she might snap if she were any straighter, couldn't write a gory mystery if her life depended on it. Romance possibly. But not a mystery. She was too sweet. And he also knew that she had a large trust fund given to her by her grandmother, had even reviewed her money manager's investment strategy and approved of where her money was currently invested.

"So you don't shop, you don't spend your days going from one social function to the other and you're a community activist. What's your favorite charity?"

His disbelief in her writing and teaching skills actually made her feel stronger. It was wonderful that she could tell him the truth, and yet he didn't believe her at all. It was like she was keeping a secret part of herself from him, from his all-knowing eyes and it helped her deal with his arrogance.

He'd also chosen a topic of conversation with which she was much more comfortable. It was a safe haven to discuss her charities, and she even considered it a fundraising attempt, although the man had been extremely generous with his donation to the recreation center already. Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, just to have lunches and dinners with her? He must be crazy because Eva knew she wasn't that special. "I have several charities that I favor, but not one that I prefer above any of the others."

"So you're a bleeding heart liberal, eh?" he teased, his eyes smiling at her and enjoying the banter.

She leaned forward to argue the merits of the charities she supported, unaware that her sweater was once again giving him a tantalizing view of her breast or that he was paying more attention to the elegant line of her neck.

It was amusing to tease her, to taunt her about the issues about which she was passionate. He didn't tell her that he admired her for several of her opinions and the actions she took to help out. And he definitely didn't tell her that he had already donated large sums to several of the charities she with which she worked. That might let her know that he agreed with her and he was much too fascinated by this woman's spirit to let her calm down now. Her knowledge of his previous donations would keep her from arguing with him and he was enjoying himself way too much to allow that.

So they argued their points, the benefits of each charity and why it was important, what it contributed to the communities or the world, why he should care, why she should just let things go and on and on. The argument moved to the dining room after his housekeeper let him know that their dinner was ready, and he suspected that she didn't even know that she'd finished the whole meal this time, her vehemence in her beliefs was so strong that it dissipated her anxiety over being near him.

By the time they were back in the living room after dessert, she didn't seem to notice when he sat next to her on the sofa as she regaled him with the benefits of the children's after school programs. He'd enjoyed the evening with her more than he'd thought and didn't want it to end, but it was after midnight and he had to get her home, or he was going to make love to her. The second would probably scare her off, but just one more taste, he thought as he leaned forward during a pause in her conversation.

Eva was startled when she felt his mouth touch hers. It was soft this time, coaxing and gentle. She reacted just as strongly though, even leaning into the kiss, wanting something deeper. She felt alive despite the late hour and the delicious meal with various wines. Normally, she would be asleep by now, but arguing with Damon really revived her spirit.

It took every ounce of his control, but Damon refused to let his hands touch her. He continued to touch and caress her with his mouth, letting her deepen the kiss. When her hands came up and held the sides of his head, he groaned with the need to take control but he held back, continuing to give her the lead.

Eva couldn't believe how out of control she felt. She wanted this man to touch her, to make her feel the way he had earlier today but his hands weren't touching her. His mouth was participating in the kiss, even tilting his head to deepen the touch, but his hands remained absent.

To encourage him, she moved her hands from his strong jaw, down his shoulders so she could feel his chest, revel in the strength of this man and the latent power of his muscles. He was awesomely made and one thought kept popping into her mind. She wanted to taste him. Not just his mouth although that was delicious after the excellent wine. But she wondered what his skin would taste like.

Instead of thinking about it, which probably would have discouraged her from doing anything about the driving need that was building inside of her, she moved her mouth from his and tentatively touched his neck with her lips. Then waited for his reaction. When he didn't do anything, he didn't pull away or move closer, she considered that permission to continue and her mouth moved down slightly, kissing about an inch lower, then lower still. Her body was in control now and she couldn't resist when her tongue slipped out and tasted his skin. It was just as intoxicating as she'd anticipated and continued kissing and tasting him, her lips exploring his neck, his throat, moving down to the collar of his shirt and lower still.

When her lips kissed his chest where that small amount of chest hair was visible, she wasn't aware that she was now straddling his lap, her hands moving against his chest and feeling his heart race under her fingertips. Her fingers mindlessly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing more skin to her curious fingers and tempting her to explore with her lips more. She pushed the fabric out of the way and tasted the skin on the right side of his chest. When her lips moved lower, finding his male nipple and tasting that, she heard him groan deep in his chest, felt the sound with her finger and the sound shot right down to her core, making her gasp with the intensity of the reaction.

"My turn," he growled and with a swift movement, Eva found herself with her back on the sofa and Damon hovering over her, his mouth was no longer soft but demanding and powerful. She loved the way he took charge, her body gasping with the need for him to continue, to do more, make her feel things that she didn't understand.

When his mouth moved down her neck, doing exactly what she'd done, she tilted her head, giving him better access while her body moved underneath him, her hands sliding inside his shirt to continue feeling his hot skin, her fingers moving across his body and feeling areas that made him flinch. She especially liked those places and continued to test them with her fingers.

When his fingers pulled her sweater over her head, she didn't even care except to note that it wasn't fair that she couldn't do the same to him.

His fingers slid up her rib cage, cupping her left breast with his hand, heating the tender flesh through the fabric of her red, lace bra and she squirmed underneath him. His thumb slid over the sensitive peak, making her gasp with the pleasure that shot through her, pooling in her core and making her press her heat against his erection.

Damon couldn't continue this much longer, but as he looked down at her, seeing that her eyes were closed and her body writhing beneath him, he was hard pressed to stop. He wanted her like he'd never wanted any other woman before. And he knew he could make her scream out his name, demand that she give in to the pleasure they could share with each other.

Unfortunately, he also knew that she'd be furious with him in the morning. He might have taken this too far already. She wasn't prepared for this kind of intimacy with him and would be angry with herself in the morning. But if he stopped now, he might be able to salvage something out of it.

"Eva," he called out and almost groaned when her heated grey eyes looked up at him, her fingers smoothing along his chest and sliding lower. He grabbed her hands to stop them, gritting his teeth with the need to bury himself deep inside of her. Patience, he told himself.

"Eva, if you continue to move those lovely fingers lower, then we're going to continue this in my bedroom and we're not going to stop." He watched her eyes carefully, trying to determine if she understood the ramifications of what he was saying. "Do you want me to continue?" he asked, his body braced above her, every muscle in his body aching to lean down and kiss her nipples, to taste her essence and watch as she climaxed in his arms.

It took several moments, but Eva finally got her mind working. He was asking her something, looking at her strangely and she had to figure it out. Somehow, this was important.

She looked around, noticed that she was underneath him, his weight pressing her into the cushions of his sofa and she gasped. Sitting up quickly, she looked around and grabbed her sweater which was on the floor next to them.

She actually had to untangle her legs from his and was embarrassed that his hips were pressing against her so intimately. "I need to go," she whispered and quickly pulled her sweater over her head. She couldn't look at him as she stood up, pulling her hair out from under the sweater material and glancing around for her purse.

"I'll drive you home," he said with acceptance.

"I have my car," she countered and tried to stand up. Unfortunately, her legs were still too weak after their bout on the sofa and she almost fell. He caught her, steadied her with his hands at her waist but even when she was able to stand on her own, he didn't release her. "Look at me Eva," he commanded, holding her firmly but not pulling her against him. He couldn't take more of her soft body against him. If he pulled her closer, he'd pick her up and carry her into his bedroom despite her protests. He knew he could overcome any arguments she might bring up simply by kissing her once again. She'd be clinging to him in moments.

"Listen to me, Eva."

"No. I have to go. Please let me go."

"I enjoyed tonight. And not just kissing you," he explained, ignoring her plea and forcing her to listen. "You're an exceptionally passionate woman."

"Please don't," she begged and closed her eyes, humiliation at what she'd just done overwhelming her.

"Don't be embarrassed that we can do this to each other. I feel exactly the way you do," he told her and lifted her hand so that she could feel his erection. She quickly pulled her hand away and curled her fingers against his chest. "I'm not embarrassed by what you make me feel. And you shouldn't be ashamed by how I can make you feel either. We work well together. Don't forget that."

"Fine. I have to go," she said and pulled out of his arms. She rushed out of the family room, her head bowed.

"I'll drive you home. Just give me a moment to get my keys."

Eva shook her head and grabbed her purse. "No. I can get home on my own," she countered.

Damon looked at her flushed cheeks and her wary eyes and gave in, against his better judgment. "Are you sure?"

"Yes. Thank you for dinner," she replied, manners ever present despite her need to race out of this room as quickly as possible.

"Fine. But we'll talk soon."

Eva knew that she'd probably ignore every cell phone call she received for the next month if it would help her avoid talking to Damon again.

She rushed out of the penthouse, aware that Damon had his security guards follow her to her car to ensure that she got out okay.

Chapter 6

Eva stared at her reflection in the mirror, smoothing down the black crepe dress. Was it too overboard? She hoped so. The neckline came clear up to her collar bone and the hem ended just above her knee with no snugness on any part of her body. It was the elegant equivalent of a potato sack. It was perfect! She'd bought it about two years ago when she was about ten pounds heavier and it had looked good back then, but it was just barely outside of the 'frumpy' description now.

Thinking back to two nights ago when she'd shivered in Damon's arms, she was fighting for survival now. She had to arm herself however possible and this dress would hopefully send the right message to Damon.

Just thinking about that night made all of her body remember the frustration she'd endured as she'd tried to sleep that night. She'd tossed and turned, punching her pillow, even trying a cold shower but nothing had helped. She hadn't gotten to sleep until she heard the birds just before dawn that morning and then her alarm had gone off. In total, she'd gotten maybe two hours of sleep, all because he'd kissed her and touched her that way.

A pair of pearl earrings and she was ready. Just in time since the doorbell rang at that moment and she surveyed her appearance one more time to make sure there wasn't any femininity visible, no indicators that she was trying to impress him in any way. She walked across her bedroom ten times to keep him waiting, knowing that a man as robotic as Damon Kelopatros values punctuality. If he was going to demand she attend these functions with him, she was determined to make him as irritated as possible.

And if it drove her just a bit crazy to be late, that was just something she'd have to deal with herself. She could do it, she told herself as she walked across the room one more time, circling her bed and even walking through the en suite bathroom as well just for general purposes.

When she finally walked down the stairs, expecting him to be standing in the foyer waiting impatiently, she was severely disappointed. Instead, he was in her father's office, discussing business! How rude! She walked into the room and the two men continued discussing P/E ratios and the merits of one company over another for investments. Despite herself, her attention was captured by the knowledge he had of so many companies and she took mental notes, praying that none of this information would be considered insider trading.

After several minutes, the men realized she was standing at the doorway and stopped their conversation. So much for making Damon wait, Eva thought, suppressing her frustration at being outmaneuvered. She wouldn't give up though. The man might be a master at manipulating the financial world and making it bow down to his whims but she was a different force altogether. She could win this war if she could just keep her mind from floating away. That meant not letting him touch her, and definitely no kissing or anything beyond that!

When he noticed her, he stood up and nodded briefly to her father. "Let's go," he said and walked out of the room, no acknowledgement or greeting at all. She turned and glared at his back, fuming even more since he was now ignoring her.

She looked back at her father to see if he had noticed what Damon had done but her father was already on his cell phone, playing out whatever tips Damon had given him a moment ago so she wouldn't get any support from that quarter. Nothing new there, she thought with resentment.

She considered going back up the stairs or simply sitting down in the living room to wait until he acknowledged her. In the end, she was tired of fighting him and too curious as to where he'd gone so she wandered out into the foyer to find him leaning against one of the marble columns, one eyebrow raised in question.

Her response was to stare right back at him. If he wasn't going to greet her, why should she bother?

"About time," he said and grabbed her hand, pulling her out of her parents' house without a backwards glance.

As they stepped out into the night, he held open the passenger side door to his powerful looking car for her silently. When he got in beside her, she said sarcastically, "I thought you were trying to impress me with your charm and sparkling personality."

He started the car, but then turned to glance at her briefly before putting it into gear and driving down the long driveway. "Am I missing something here?"

"Shouldn't you be telling me how lovely I look or that you like my dress?"

He shook his head. "You chose the dress simply to irritate me so what's the point in telling you that you look nice when you went out of your way to look appropriate but wearing a dress that is about as unflattering as you could possibly have chosen?"

She was stunned initially, never having been with a man who was so harshly honest before. After a moment though, she laughed, impressed with both his honesty as well as the fact that he'd seen through her ploy and wasn't going to let her get away with anything. "Well, that's blunt enough I suppose."

"Good try though," he said and winked at her before turning to the right so he could catch the highway to wherever they were going for the evening, the powerful purr making her think of a dangerous, black panther.

"But you aren't impressed."

He concentrated on passing through a group of vehicles, then accelerating out of the cluster of traffic. "I prefer that dress to something more...flagrant, if that helps. It just tells me that you want me to be the only one who sees your charms, which I sincerely appreciate."

She chuckled again and looked out her window. "Trust you to turn things around so they benefit only you. You're creative, I'll give you that."

Instead of responding, he changed the subject. "We're seeing La Traviata tonight. Have you seen it before?"

"Not recently," she replied, suddenly excited about the night. She loved this opera! She had last seen it as a child and had enjoyed it immensely. "I think it's one of my favorite operas though. The tragedy and sacrifice of Violetta and all that passion in Alfredo, the confusion and nobility of Violetta's sacrifice...it's all so sad and lovely," she said with brewing anticipation of the upcoming event.

Damon watched her face brighten and he was glad that he'd put that expression there, that he'd given her this thrill. The night was young, he thought and even chuckled again at her paltry attempt to irritate him with her dress. Well, it hadn't been so paltry initially. He'd been furious that she'd gone to so much trouble to make herself look like a hag. He'd known that it was all to make a point; that she wasn't interested in him enough to try and impress him.

She could try all she wanted, Damon thought grimly. Even discounting their dinner the other night, he'd seen the anticipation in her eyes even before he told her where they were going. She was interested in him. He just didn't understand why she was fighting this attraction so forcefully.

Eva should have known that attending the opera with Damon wouldn't be as relaxing as normal. Being anywhere with this man set her nerves to tingling but the dratted man had a private box at the theatre. So they were practically alone in a dark space with only two chairs.

He took full advantage of the situation, which she'd known he would do from the moment they'd walked into the private box. She took her seat and scooted the chair several inches away from his. He waited until she was settled before moving his chair closer to hers and that's when she made her first mistake. When he sat down, so close that his thigh was touching hers, she tried to move away but he foiled that attempt as well by simply putting his arm around the back of her chair and using his strength to keep her exactly where he wanted her. When she glared up at him, he simply winked down at her before turning his attention towards the stage as the curtain went up.

Eva had to settle for turning her hips away so their thighs weren't touching any longer.

What she hadn't anticipated was that the arm that was around the back of her chair had his hand hanging down behind her. Fifteen minutes into the opera, his hand settled on her neck, his long, strong fingers massaging her tense neck muscles. At his first touch, she stiffened and sat up straighter in her chair, but at his chuckle, she tried to relax and pretend that his touch wasn't affecting her in anyway.

But it was! She could barely breathe as his hands moved across her neck muscles, relaxing her in one way, but making her whole body react in other ways, ways she didn't like and couldn't control. She tried to pull away, but his fingers were strong and he wouldn't let her move. Not that she tried very hard, enjoying the amazing feeling of his fingers as they moved from her neck to her shoulders and then back against her upper back. When she realized she was leaning forward slightly to give him greater access, she gasped and sat back, trying to move away from him again.

When she heard his soft laughter in response, she tried very hard to ignore him, crossing her arms over her churning stomach and focusing as much of her attention on the magnificent performance. She had no idea how much time passed but she wasn't listening to the opera at all. She was waiting tensely for his next move. So when the intermission came and the house lights brightened, she wasn't prepared for the rush of movement.

Out in the reception area, she was sincerely grateful for the cold glass of champagne Damon pressed into her hand. She took a long sip, trying to clear her head and understand what had just happened. Why did she continue to react to his touch, even when she didn't like this man?

"I need to go to the ladies room," she said and didn't wait for an answer. Before he could do anything, she stepped away and headed towards the restrooms. She just needed a bit of breathing space, some time alone that would help her get this night into perspective. She didn't like the way he made her feel and was actually ashamed that her body would respond so willingly to his touch.

Once in the bathroom and away from his too-knowing gaze, she freshened up a bit, staring at her pale reflection in the mirror.

"So you're his latest conquest, huh?" a female voice said beside her.

Eva glanced to her left, seeing the beautiful woman's face marred by a sneer filled with bitterness. "He's a bastard, you know."

"Excuse me?"

"The man you're dating? Damon Kelopatros? He's a bonafide bastard with no morals and no concern for anyone other than himself and making more money."

"Do I know you?" Eva asked, wondering why this woman was talking to her, much less how she knew Damon so well. She smothered her instantaneous impulse to defend Damon and tried to figure out why this woman was so bitter towards the man.

This stranger looked like she'd been crying for days. She was wearing what had previously been a spectacular cocktail dress with a lovely design in the colored sequins, but the woman had lost so much weight that the dress literally hung on her gaunt figure. In addition, her skin was milk white, her eyes appearing a bit crazed with hatred for Damon shining through their darkness. The woman had made a feeble attempt to do something with her hair, but dirty locks were now hanging down from the clip at the back of her head and her red lipstick clashed violently with the soft purples and yellows of her dress. She looked haggard and mentally unstable.

"You don't know me but I know Damon. Or at least, my father did. One day my father was fine, the next thing, Damon Kelopatros had all our money and was gloating about it, flaunting it in my father's face."

Eva shook her head. "I can't imagine Damon gloating about anything, much less flaunting. He's a very private person."

She shook her head, her eyes sparkling with barely controlled fury. "You don't understand what a bastard he is! He ruined my family! And for what? Because he wanted more money! How can that man need more? He's a billionaire so many times over he can't possibly need any more!"

Eva stood there, awkwardly watching the woman as she started to cry. "I don't understand, but there has to be another explanation."

She lifted her head and her eyes actually looked a bit crazed. "Don't you believe it! He ruined my family. Some day, I'll get him back!" With that promise, the woman swept out of the bathroom, looking regal in a demented sort of way. At the door, she turned back to Eva, ignoring the other women standing in the bathroom in stunned silence. "I'm just telling you this so that you can watch your back. Don't do anything to harm him or make him angry because he'll just destroy your family as well." She looked Eva up and down then said with a sneer, "He probably won't even need to break a sweat for your family's destruction. But it will happen. Have no doubt. If you don't believe me, look up the story of Comicon Industries. See how Kelopatros Incorporated swallowed it all up, then fired my father, destroyed his finances and left him practically penniless."

Without another word, the dark haired, distraught woman stormed away, leaving Eva confused and concerned, both about the woman's welfare as well as her own. Would the crazy woman do something violent to her?

Her stomach clenched as she thought of something else. Would she hurt Damon?

That thought was debilitating and she shook her head to clear her thoughts. Damon could take care of himself. He was strong and competent and he had a good security detail that worked any kind of issues that might hurt Damon's corporate interests.

So much for a breather, she thought as she pulled her lipstick out of her bag. She touched up her makeup and took a deep breath, trying to get rid of the bad feeling the woman had left her with. She had to go out and face Damon now. As she snapped her clutch closed, she wondered how much of that woman's vitriol was true and how much was just using Damon as an excuse for her family's financial downfall. It wasn't any of her business, she thought and walked out.

"Fabulous performance! Wasn't it?" a new voice asked.

Eva looked at the woman in front of her and recognized her as one of her mother's friends, but for the life of her, Eva couldn't remember the lady's name. Damon came to the rescue and stepped forward, putting his arm around her, pulling her close. "Eva was a bit distracted so far but she enjoyed the entire experience. I think she'll pay more attention going forward though." The woman standing in front of them had no idea of the double entendres Damon was weaving throughout that statement but Eva was completely aware, and even nervous about his claims since, so far, his declaration was on target.

He turned to look down into her eyes. "Won't you, darling?" Thankfully, he had no reason to question why she was so tense since he probably attributed her nerves to his presence. Eva didn't want to mention the other woman, preferring to ignore rumors and gossip. And since the other woman hadn't provided any proof, that's all her diatribe was about. The woman's family might have been ruined by Damon, but she was sure there was more to the story.

Eva was still flustered from the angry accusations against Damon in the restroom so she was having a hard time focusing on the current conversation. But Damon's question snapped her back to the present. She couldn't believe he'd used that kind of endearment in front of an acquaintance. The use meant a much closer relationship than existed, which was exactly what Damon had been trying to accomplish. He considered her to be his fiancee already, regardless of her objections to the relationship. It took a second, but she regrouped quickly. "Since this is our first date, I guess I was a bit distracted. Your cologne is a bit overwhelming. Perhaps if we attend another function, you could be a bit more discreet?" she replied, making sure her mother's friend understood that this was their first time out and not a more intimate relationship she could then go gossip about to their mutual friends.

"It might be our first night out, but we've had several other...." he hesitated meaningfully, "meetings in private, haven't we?"

Eva couldn't believe that he was implying that their other meetings were so much more significant than they actually were. "I don't think we can classify those other meetings as anything other than the fights they really were, can we?"

He smiled seductively. "I'll...fight...with you anytime you want," he came back. The hand at the small of her back pulling her close against his body. When she gasped at the pressure, placing her free hand to the middle of his chest to keep her balance, she knew she'd been outmaneuvered. Again.

The woman laughed softly. "You two obviously have something very special going on and I for one, am glad to hear it. Eva, your mother must be desperate to plan your wedding and I'll certainly offer my assistance in that area."

Before Eva could counter the woman's impression, she'd already walked off, obviously heading towards the next group of opera lovers to spread the news of Eva's impending nuptials.

"How could you do that?" Eva demanded, pushing against his chest but gaining no space from the hard muscles of his body.

"Because, technically, we are engaged."

"I haven't agreed to that. In fact, I believe the last time it was brought up, I specifically rejected the offer."

"I'm making sure you don't have a choice."

She looked up at this man, at his handsome, rugged features and simply couldn't figure him out. He wanted to tie himself to a woman who didn't want him? In marriage, which in some people's minds, specifically hers, that meant for life and all those other conditions like sickness, health, poor, wealth, etcetera, etcetera. "Why? Why in the world would you want to marry a woman who doesn't want to marry you back?"

He looked down into her angry, but still strikingly lovely features. "Because I think you'll make me an ideal wife."

She huffed her irritation at his bland reply. "And will you be my ideal husband?"

He smiled, again with that sexy, stomach melting, knee wobbling smile that made her heart stop for a micro second before pounding out faster and harder. "I'll be the perfect match for you."

"You're a conceited, arrogant bastard who doesn't know what kind of obnoxiousness I can dish out."

"Bring it on. I'll enjoy the challenge."

"You don't want me," she said, meaning that he wouldn't want her as a wife, but he instantly took a different meaning to her words, his strong hands moving from her waist down to her hips and he yanked her forward, pressing her soft stomach against the hardness that was growing with her nearness.

"Ah, Eva, but I really do want you. And you can feel that I want you so that's a ridiculous argument."

"That's just sex," she hissed, trying to move her hips out of the way, embarrassed by his uninhibited sexuality. "And let me go!"

He grinned down into her furious features as he felt her nipples harden against his chest, telling him that she was just as affected by their movements as he was. "Why? You feel extraordinarily good. I'm glad you don't starve yourself to a bony mess."

"I will if that's what you dislike."

He laughed. "I have a feeling that there's little about you I won't like, but I don't think you'll starve yourself just to spite me. You're too sensible."

"Maybe I'll get fat."

"You won't."

The lights dimmed twice, indicating that the intermission was over. He let her go, but kept an arm around her waist, capturing her fingers when she tried to peel his hand away. The action made their embrace look much more intimate than it really was and several people smiled as they walked by the two of them, heading for their private boxes.

Chapter 7

Damon smiled slightly as he watched Eva walk into the restaurant. He was seated at the crowded bar, but he had a direct line of sight to where she was standing. She said something to the hostess who nodded and stepped away.

As he watched, he saw her pull out her compact and lipstick, touching up her makeup. She even pinched her cheeks to add a bit more color.

She was primping for him. With a smile of satisfaction, he knew that he'd won her over. Not that he'd had any doubts, but it was nice to see that she was interested in him. He'd never anticipated being this attracted to his fiancee, thought that attraction would be reserved for his mistresses while his marriage would be more of a business relationship. But the more he got to know Eva, the more he wanted her. And he wanted her exclusively to himself.

No, there would be no need to maintain a mistress when he wanted his wife like he currently did. And the idea of her taking a lover made him furious. Yes, this would definitely be a strong marriage. He had complete confidence that he could keep her satisfied in bed. What was even better, at least in his mind, was that there was no question she could do the same for him. Just the thought of those pretty hands on his skin again made him aching and hard.

Turning his thoughts to the present and, more importantly, to getting her to admit that she wanted him as well, he watched as she finger combed her hair.

Lifting his cell phone, he typed in a message, then waited until she received the text.

Eva felt her cell phone vibrate and looked at the screen. "Sorry, running a little late. But I bet you're trying to impress me so you're already at the restaurant, aren't you?"

Her mouth literally dropped open and she looked around, wondering what she should do. She definitely couldn't stay here and have him find her here. She absolutely didn't want him to think she wanted to impress him. Leave it to him to turn punctuality into a benefit to him. "I'm actually running a bit late myself. See you at the restaurant," she texted back.

Spinning on her heel, she turned around and walked out of the restaurant, standing in front and wondering where she could go for the next five minutes. She genuinely relished these battles and wanted to best him at least once. The man was simply too confident. She'd love to take him down a notch.

A part of her knew that she respected him more because she hadn't been able to win any of their battles yet. He challenged her, forced her to think in different ways and he never, ever cowed down to her demands the way her other dates had done.

Maybe that's why she hadn't slept with any of them? She considered that for a moment while she looked around for a place to hide until he arrived at the restaurant. What if she hadn't really found any of her previous boyfriends attractive because they weren't confident enough? What did that tell her about these ridiculous feelings she was having towards Damon, who was confidence personified?

She glanced down again to the cell phone still in her hand when it vibrated again. "Which means you're probably running late to try and show me that you're not attracted to me. But we know it's all a game, isn't it?"

"Ugh! That man!" she snapped out loud and angrily stormed back into the elegant restaurant with as much dignity as possible even though she probably looked ridiculous going in and out of the lobby. She ignored the maitre'd's curious look when she stopped in the middle of the carpet, trying to determine her next move.

She was in a quandary now. If she stayed and was here first, he would think she was eager to see him. If she left and showed up later, he would think she was playing games to gain his attention. What in the world was she supposed to do? She was damned if she did and damned if she didn't.

She pulled her lipstick and mirror out of her purse just as another text arrived. "Be sure and look beautiful for me. I'm eager to see you again."

"Damn him!" she snapped and tossed her red lipstick back into her matching purse. She glanced down at her red dress, wondering if she should have chosen something else. The boring black crepe dress at the theatre had backfired on her so she'd taken the opposite approach tonight. Her red, wrap dress hugged her curves and made her feel very feminine. If he didn't like this dress, he was a blind man.

When her phone vibrated again, she groaned, almost afraid to look at the message. She was feeling like a silly school girl trying to best the cutest boy on the playground. And losing! "Yes, the red dress looks fabulous on you," she read in the next text message.

She had to read it twice just to understand what it was telling her. And then it hit her. He was here! He was already in the restaurant?

She looked around, her eyes scanning the room and the other patrons. When her eyes collided with his, she was both embarrassed and furious that he could be so devious. And mortified that he'd seen her arrive early, leave and come right back. He'd seen her primp and look down at her dress and as he smiled at her approach, she could see in his eyes that he knew she'd done it all for him.

He strolled up to her, an amused expression lightening his rugged features. "You're a bastard," she said as she glared up at his brown, laughing eyes. He pulled her out of the way of arriving guests, which meant they were partially hidden from the restaurant patrons. The stairway to the upper level was on her right while the storage rooms were to her left, with Damon standing directly in front of her, blocking out her view of everyone else.

"And you look beautiful," he said and pulled her forward into his arms, covering her mouth with his before she could say anything else.

She tried to resist. She sincerely did! For all of two seconds she resisted the temptation of his lips moving across her own. She tried to ignore his tongue demanding entry to her mouth and that tightening in her stomach which she refused to acknowledge as anticipation. But when his tongue ran along her closed mouth, teasing her and sending shivers of excitement down her back, she couldn't resist opening to him and becoming overwhelmed once again with the passion he incited within her.

When her arms wrapped around his neck, that wasn't enough. While her mouth kissed him back, her hands slid down his arms, then snuck inside his suit jacket and ran along the muscles of his chest, exploring the heat she found buried underneath his tailored shirt, hiding his physical strength behind a veneer of sophistication.

"Let's get out of here," he said several minutes later, lifting his head and looking around, realizing that they'd just kissed passionately in public. He abhorred public displays but there was something about this woman that pushed all of his normal rules to the side.

"Get out of here?" she asked, her eyes glazed over as she looked up at him.

"We can't continue this here," he growled and reached into his wallet. He'd already thrown down several bills to cover his drink by the time she realized that he meant to get out of the restaurant so they could find some privacy.

He was stepping back, holding onto her arm and had already taken two steps by the time she pulled back. "We can't do that," she gasped and stopped, almost tripping on the forward momentum he produced.

He turned back around and looked down at her. Seeing the worry in her eyes, he relented slightly but it was difficult since his body was still riding hard on the lust coursing through his system from her passionate response. "Don't worry, Eva. I'll take care of you."

She shook her head and pulled her arm out of his grip. "I'm not leaving here with you." The last time they'd been alone, things had gotten out of control. She'd gotten out of control. She didn't want to experience another night like that. Nor did she want to have sex with him. Public places were her best bet.

He shook his head and pushed her back into their makeshift alcove, refusing to let her run away and grinding his teeth because he knew he wouldn't get anywhere with her tonight. He understood that her fear had taken over instead of the desire he knew she was also feeling. "Eva, we're going to make love together and it's going to be soon. This resistance you keep pushing is getting tiresome."

Her body was still throbbing with the need to continue what they were doing so when he referred to her desire to avoid intimacy with him as 'tiresome' it raised her hackles more than a normal insult might have. It was like a slap in the face and her chin went up defiantly. "Resistance? You think I'm just resisting to be arbitrary? What a conceited ass you are! And just for the record, I wouldn't sleep with you if you were the last man on earth!"

"Are you sure about that?" he demanded, equally angry and determined.

She was hurt by his assumption that she was so free with her affections. She'd never slept with another man and he definitely wasn't going to be the first! "Absolutely! You act as if me falling into bed with you is a foregone conclusion and that's just insulting! It isn't going to happen and I'll be sure and keep some distance between the two of us if that's what you think."

He was glaring down at her angry, beautiful features, furious with himself for letting this argument get so out of hand but unable to reign in his temper to slow things down. "I don't just think it, I'm sure of it. And if you weren't acting so childishly stubborn, you'd admit it as well!" He was in a towering rage, unable to believe that this slip of a woman could rile him so completely. He was normally in control, always the clear headed person in the room but this woman just got under his skin and infuriated him.

She poked him in the chest, firing right back at him. "Don't bring up that outlandish marriage proposal again. I refuse to just go along with lifetime plans where I wasn't consulted!"

He grabbed her finger in his fist and pulled her closer, using his body as a weapon which worked well. "Is that what this is about? The fact that you weren't consulted about getting married?"

"Yes!" It wasn't the only issue, but it was a good enough cover to hide her terror over sleeping with Damon. She couldn't control him, he never bowed down to her wishes, he was arrogant and conceited and he did things to her that were shameful and frightening. There was no way she would admit that though. Even her admission would give him too much power over her and she'd never win any of their battles.

"Then let's switch it around. You have two weeks to decide if we're getting married," he growled. "If you're so sure that we're not getting married, then just try and stay out of my bed. Once that's done, you accept that we're getting married. Deal?"

Her mind worked furiously and tried to find all the loopholes. "Are you saying that you'll give up this outrageous idea of getting married if I don't fall into bed with you?"

He laughed and shook his head. "That wasn't what I was proposing, but if that's the deal you'd like to make, we're on."

She thought about it for a millisecond, but the triumph and confidence on his face gave her pause. He was up to something, she just didn't know what it was. Besides, she was having enough trouble staying out of his arms and avoiding his kiss. She didn't know his agenda, but getting her into bed could not be one of his goals. He was too driven, too ambitious and goal oriented. "No!"

"I accept your terms. Let's eat dinner."

With that, he grabbed her hand and dragged her across the room to where the hostess stood, looking confused but quickly gathering up menus. Everyone in this industry knew never to leave Damon Kelopatros waiting if they wanted to survive in the business.

Eva fumed, livid with both him as well as herself for letting this challenge go too far. Now he would be in full on get-Eva-in-bed mode. She could barely read the menu, so petrified of what was going to happen between the two of them.

It took her several minutes to regain control of her temper and her fear. She was extremely grateful that the wine steward arrived just as they were seated to discuss the wine options with Damon, giving her time to catch her breath and gain some perspective.

As the wine steward walked away, Damon glared across the table at her and she searched frantically for something to say. A different subject was definitely needed. Her mind latched onto the opera and the woman she'd met in the ladies' room. Or more specifically, the woman who accosted her versus the other way around.

"I met one of your avid admirers the other night at the opera," she said as casually as she could muster with him watching her across the table as if he were going to have her for dessert.

He raised one eyebrow at her opening salvo, playing along with her game even though he was still mulling over various ways to get her back to his place, and into his bed. "Oh really? I wasn't aware I had any fans, other than you, of course."

She ignored that comment and tucked her chin on her hand. "The lovely lady didn't actually introduce herself, but she mentioned you'd ruined her family because her father had crossed you. Are you going to do that to me when you finally realize that I'm not going to marry you? Should I warn my father about your retribution?"

Damon's entire body stilled and his eyes sharpened. "Describe this woman to me, please."

Eva was startled. She hadn't expected this kind of razor-sharp reaction. She sensed that Damon was genuinely incensed, but trying to hide it for some reason. "A little taller than I am, short black hair, irate, glossy eyes."

She watched in fascination as his mouth firmed to a thin line. "Skinny to the point of being anorexic looking? Bile spilling from every word she spoke?"

"I wouldn't call her anorexic although she was painfully thin and not very healthy looking," she countered, but didn't contradict the other description.

He forced his muscles to relax and glanced around the restaurant. "I'm guessing she wasn't saying wonderful things about my charming personality, eh?"

Eva was relieved that he'd relaxed. The sudden tension had startled her. She smiled and batted her eyes. "Since you don't have a charming personality, no, her comments were quite the opposite."

He pulled his napkin down and laid it on his lap. "What are you having for dinner?"

"Just a salad." She waited a moment, expecting him to explain but he simply nodded his head at her selection and waved for the waiter to approach. After putting in their orders, he turned to face her once again but Eva stopped whatever subject he was going to bring up and maintained the previous topic despite his obvious contempt for the other woman. "Aren't you going to explain?"

"No."

She sat up straighter, not sure she liked his answer. "Why not? Is what she saying true? Did you ruin her family and take all their money just for mercenary reward?"

"Do you believe her?"

Eva watched his expression, which meant she watched his face that showed absolutely no expression. His eyes were blank, his shoulders down and he was relaxing against the back of the chair. Nothing in him revealed what he was thinking with her accusation. "Should I?"

"That's up to you."

"Will you tell me what happened?"

"Maybe some day."

"But not now." It was a statement and not a question this time. She realized that the subject was closed at this point in their relationship. Not that she would admit they had one, she reminded herself.

"Not now. No."

Something about his comments made her decide to forgo pursuing the apparently contentious subject during dinner. She wanted to learn more, but she didn't think he would tell her anything more about the issue. That didn't mean she was giving up. Just that she wasn't going to ask him about it. She was a resourceful woman though. When she wanted to know something, she would find out. Since Damon wasn't going to tell her about the issue, she would dig until she knew what was going on. And his silence told her that this was a subject that was worth investigating.

"I'll find out on my own then," she said and swept her napkin onto her lap just as he'd done several moments ago.

He glared at her and shook his head. "You'll let the matter go. I'll have my lawyers handle the situation."

That was a startling tidbit. "Why would your lawyers need to intercede? Was she doing something wrong?"

"Drop it, Eva," he countered sternly.

She changed the subject, talking about a news article she read in the paper about a company he was about to take over. She knew she couldn't use any of the information she heard from him about the subject for her own investments, but she was sincerely interested in his interpretation on how the acquisition was going.

Dinner was frustrating as well since so many people wanted to speak with Damon. Their meal was interrupted so often that she barely needed to come up with conversational topics. About an hour into the dinner, Damon growled, "We're getting out of here," he said and tossed several billed onto the table before grabbing her hand.

Eva barely had time to wipe her mouth and lay her napkin down on the chair before he was pulling her out of it. "Please don't drag me behind you again," she snapped, terrified of where he might be taking her now. "If dinner is over, then I can catch a cab to my place."

He was having none of that and shook his head before she was even finished talking. "I'll damn well see you home," he snapped right back at her. "There's no way I'm letting you leave here at this time of night alone, Eva."

"Fine!" She wasn't going to argue with him, but was relieved that he was at least taking her home. "Besides, I don't understand why you're so angry with me. It isn't my fault so many people stopped by to talk to you. Maybe if you weren't such a popular boy, our meal wouldn't have been interrupted by all of your colleagues. Or wanna-be colleagues, I guess is more appropriate." She said this under her breath though, not wanting him to think she was giving him a compliment based on his prowess as one of the top dogs in the city who had no peers.

"How do you reason that out?" he said as they stepped into the night air. It was a bit cooler than it had been when she'd walked in earlier in the evening and a chill had settled over the city. Spring was a bit unpredictable and she should have brought a sweater, knowing that it could be warm in the afternoon and cold at night.

She wrapped her arms around herself, trying to keep warm in the unexpected chill. "Because they weren't my friends! Why are you mad at me?" She couldn't even guess how he was going to blame her for their evening debacle.

He swore under his breath while he slipped his coat off his shoulders, tossing it around her. He stepped closer, barely able to hold his temper. "Because the people who were coming to my table weren't trying to talk to me. They were trying to get a better glimpse of you in that dress!"

"Don't be stupid," she scoffed, trying to step back but, as usual, he held her close with his hands on her waist, his long, warm fingers eliminating any possibility of space.

His driver pulled up and Damon didn't wait for him to come around to the back to open the door. He practically pushed Eva into the back seat, then slid in himself. "I'm not being stupid," he countered. "I'm being damned realistic. You can't show up in a dress like that and expect people to leave you alone!"

She pulled the edges of his coat closer around her and rolled her eyes even while she enjoyed the warmth left from his body and the masculine scent she refused to accept that she now enjoyed. "Damon, you're not making any sense! I wore a boring dress the other night and you said I was playing a game. I wear a fitting dress tonight and you say that too many men are coming to our table. Figure out what you want and let me know!"

"Oh, I know what I want. I want you in my bed, naked and screaming out my name with all the pleasure I want to give you."

She glanced at the driver and was relieved that the window was up between the back area and the driver so he couldn't hear them. She shook her head and turned away, ignoring the heated images that popped into her head at the idea of being in Damon's bed. "Don't hold your breath."

He was silent as he watched her, observing her profile while she tried to pretend he wasn't sitting right next to her. "We both know it's going to happen. So why wait for the inevitable and make ourselves miserable in the meantime?"

Her head swung back to him, angry that he wasn't giving in and leaving her alone. "Because it isn't inevitable. You might be the kind of man who jumps into bed with anyone, but I'm a bit more selective."

Thankfully, her parents' house was close to the restaurant so the limousine was pulling up outside their house relatively quickly. She jumped out of the car and turned around to say something, but he was right behind her and she almost fell into his arms. She jumped back and started up the steps, pretending to ignore him. "I can get inside the house on my own, thank you very much for a horrible evening," she said and was about to open the door when he grabbed her arm and swung her around, right into his arms. "You're a little firebrand when you're sexually frustrated, aren't you?"

He didn't give her time to answer, which she was starting to understand was the only way he had found to shut her up. Possibly because it worked. His mouth covered hers and she didn't resist, wanting his kiss this time and even stepping up on her toes to kiss him back. Her response was almost desperate and she was thrilled when his arms pulled her close, her own arms reaching up and wrapping around his neck while her fingers dove into his hair, gripping the soft strands and pulling his head down closer. She stood on her toes to move against him, her body shifting while she felt his body stiffen in reaction.

Damon couldn't believe this woman. One moment she was telling him she would never be in his bed and the next she was practically wrapped around him on her parents' doorstep. And he loved every moment of it! He wanted her with an insane need, a pressure to possess and put his stamp of ownership on her. He wanted everyone in the world to know that she was his and they needed to stay away.

His hands weren't still this time. He was on a mission to get her to understand that they would be perfect in bed together. While her hands were up around his neck, he used the freedom to let his own hands wander down her body. In the past, he'd been a gentleman about the whole situation. At least in his mind at least. But now it was game on and he was determined to assuage this craving he had for her, to finally give in to this need to dive into her body and find the release they were both looking for.

And dammit he wanted her to admit she wanted him as well!

His hands skimmed along her side and he moved her backwards so she was pressed against the house. He loved the shivers of excitement he felt coming from her and pushed harder, wanting all of her, total acceptance of him as her lover. His hands moved down her waist, then back up, cupping her breasts through the thin, red material of her dress and finding her nipple, already hard and ready for him. This thumb flicked over the hard peak and he almost lost it when she cried out against his mouth. He was relentless, wanting all of her, wanting to take her breast in his mouth but he knew they were still on her parents' porch, with his driver behind them.

"Let's get out of here," he said and pulled back, intending to drag her back to the limousine so he could get her back to his penthouse and have her alone.

Unfortunately, his words broke the spell and she pulled back and he looked down at her, seeing the wariness in her eyes. "Don't, Eva. Don't be scared. I'll take care of you," he said gently. "You won't regret coming with me. I'll make sure you enjoy every moment of our time together."

Eva was stunned that she was actually considering it. Had it been less than thirty minutes since she'd told him there was no way she'd end up in his bed? And now she was back in his arms? Talk about blowing hot and cold!

She obstinately shook her head and hastily looked away. "Stay away from me," she choked and couldn't believe the sob that broke through, revealing how dramatically he impacted her. She fished out her key and quickly unlocked the door. When she was inside, she didn't even bother looking back at him before closing it behind her, then rushing up the stairs so she could throw herself onto her old bed, crying out her frustration over this situation and wondering how she was going to get out of it. And how she was going to keep herself from falling into his arms and under his spell whenever he came close to her!

She barely slept that night and when dawn was finally breaking over the horizon, she gave up even trying and slipped out of bed. She pulled on a robe and stepped out onto the small balcony in her room, looking down over the gardens her father tended whenever he had time. They were lovely and well organized, exactly how she wanted her life to be. But Damon had come in and nothing was the same. She was distracted during classes, starting to question the logic she tried to teach her students because Damon had made a comment during one of their conversations. His grasp of the financial world was so complete, so amazing and she wanted to relay that information, his techniques to her students, but his mind was capable of holding so many more details than she was used to and she couldn't quite convey his strategy to all of them. And her students weren't getting the basic concepts now due to her inability to teach.

Not only her classes were suffering but her creative side was as well. Initially, Damon's challenging personality had added a dimension to her story line. But now, she could barely write. It was as if the technical side of her brain was so overwhelmed with his advice that she couldn't even give energy to the creative side. And that was a terrible thing. She'd always considered that she had the best of both worlds; being able to invest and use her logic and then stepping back and being creative with her writing. Both worlds were perfect and brought together, they made her whole.

Now, she didn't feel complete. She felt fractured and confused. She wanted to hide out and cover her ears. She wanted to punch him while at the same time, kiss him and beg him to make love to her, to complete what he'd started so many times but, because of her stubbornness and fear, she wouldn't let him finish.

She sighed in the cool morning air and pulled her robe more tightly around her waist. She wasn't going to find answers out here. She needed to confront him perhaps. Maybe demand that he leave her alone. Perhaps she could get her father to pay him back the money he'd donated to the recreation center? Or maybe she could pull the funds out of her trust fund. She hadn't been allowed to touch it until she was twenty five but she'd surpassed that milestone several months ago. She'd always vowed not to touch that money, wanting to earn her own funds and not rely on anyone else. But perhaps this was an emergency? Damon didn't seem to be getting the message and she was losing the threads of her previously organized life because of the confusion she felt when he was around.

Two days later, Damon watched as the woman he was going to marry walked across the room towards him. He could see the wariness in her eyes and cursed himself for moving too fast. He was just used to women who were more experienced and understood the rules. But the rules were different now. Eva wouldn't be his mistress. She would be his wife and he needed to treat her differently than the others.

Of course, he had been treating her differently, which was probably the issue. If he'd been treating her as he'd meant to, as someone who was an important asset and or a valuable employee, she might not be so afraid of him. Unfortunately, from the moment she'd pushed him away, or maybe it was from the moment he'd kissed her for the first time, he wasn't sure which, he'd treated her differently simply because she was different. Women wanted one thing from him and he wanted one thing from them. Eva was the one who wasn't following by the rules. Damn her! She didn't fit.

But he couldn't get rid of her. For some reason, he wanted her and no other woman. He'd have to figure this out, regroup and re-plan. He was excellent at strategy so he needed to step back and figure out what she wanted most, then give it to her. All relationships were based on needs, he had learned early on in his business experience. Give someone what they wanted and he could get what he wanted. Make sure everything was a win-win, to follow the old cliche.

He stood up as she approached the table and he ignored the way she tensed as he did so, holding her chair for her.

"You look lovely," he said, honestly admiring her cream silk suit that wasn't too tight but wasn't a sack either. She'd compromised on a happy medium today. He wasn't sure he liked the deviation from the figure molding red wrap dress, now that he'd seen all the choices. He liked seeing her, but he definitely didn't like other men watching her as she crossed the room.

Glancing around, he realized that other men were still glancing at her and he sighed inwardly, frustrated that he actually cared. It simply irritated him, that so many men were coveting what was his.

"Thank you," she said and set her purse carefully on the floor beside her.

He slid her chair in for her, then moved around the table to take his own seat. "It was a nice surprise to hear from you this morning. And even nicer to hear you asking me out to lunch."

Eva smiled stiffly and shook her head. "I don't think you'll like it once we start talking."

"I'm sure we can work out whatever is on your mind."

"Maybe," she said and thanked the waiter who handed her the menu. She stalled by burying her face in the menu, trying to gather her thoughts and figure out how best to approach the subject she needed to discuss with him. She had to be careful, to make sure he understood her position and backed away from his demands. She couldn't allow her father to know how she'd broken things off with Damon either, it all had to be very delicately done so no feelings were hurt. Damon was too powerful and, although her father had very powerful business connections as well, they were nothing compared to the strength and influence that Damon wielded in the business world. He could crush her father's business without significant exertion.

Why she should care about her father's businesses, she had no idea. There was just something about family that she had grown up respecting. Even if her family was completely dysfunctional with an absent father and an alcoholic mother, she felt a strong need to protect them.

After the waiter had taken their drink order, she took a deep breath and hid her hands under the table. She had no idea how Damon would take this conversation but she was nervous just bringing it up. She knew he wouldn't be happy but she had to do something. "I wanted to discuss this wedding situation without all the emotion that has been present during our previous conversations."

Damon didn't like the way she was sitting across from him, looking like a prim, distraught woman. Her features were pale and he noticed dark circles under her eyes. "Are you backing away from our deal?" he asked carefully.

She worked those words through in her mind, wanting to answer him diplomatically. "I don't want you to think I'm reneging," she started to say.

"Good. Because I would consider that a serious breach of one's trust. Specifically mine."

"I don't consider that the words spoken in the rush of anger would hold up in a court of law, Damon."

The waiter came back with their drinks and she ordered a salad, not sure if she'd be able to eat anything, too nervous about what she was doing here and the intent look in Damon's golden-brown eyes. She was starting to understand his moods based on the color of his eyes and this color wasn't necessarily a good mood.

Damon's lips compressed into a grim line, his mind already working on countering any argument she planned to present to him. There was no way he was going to allow her to back out of their deal. "At least you're willing to admit that I can generate emotions in you."

She laughed and shook her head. "You generate a great deal of emotion."

"All negative?"

She bit her lower lip and considered her words, trying to keep the conversation positive so he didn't become defensive. "A great deal of it is irrefutably confusing," she said softly.

"So what are you asking of me now?"

Eva cleared her throat and took a sip of ice water. "I was hoping you could explain to me why you want to marry me." She looked around, searching for the correct words. "I mean, you've mentioned that you hired an agency and selected me, you've callously explained that you need a hostess and a mother to your future children, but surely there was more. And maybe if I understood the rest, I could maybe feel more upbeat about this whole situation. Or maybe, even better, I could help you find someone that would suit your goals more effectively." She sat across the table from him, her whole body tense and waiting for his reaction while he looked back at her without any emotion crossing his handsome features.

Damon contemplated the beautiful woman sitting across from him and considered various ways to answer her question. He reminded himself of his ultimate goal and his promise to himself to take it more slowly, to play this game differently and be more aware of her sensibilities. "You don't think I saw you across the room and instantly knew you'd be perfect for my wife?"

She watched him closely and thought about his words. Something about them rang true and she nodded. "Yes. I don't know if it was a room or some other venue, but yes. I believe that you made a very logical decision based off of some equation that works in your mind. You've mentioned that you went through an agency. Can you tell me what your direction to the agency was? Are you willing to tell me that much at least?"

"No."

She felt deflated but determined to persevere. She looked down at the napkin resting on her lap and forced her brain to figure out a different way to get the information she needed. Something that would help her understand him better. "Okay. How about this, what kinds of women have you dated in the past?"

Damon saw one of his acquaintances approaching and shook his head, indicating that he didn't want to be interrupted. The man caught the signal and turned, ensuring that Damon had the privacy he needed for this conversation.

"They were beautiful, just like you. Poised, accomplished in whatever field they'd chosen..." he slowed at the end, not sure how to explain that they'd basically chosen him instead of the other way around. When he was at a function, women recognized him and approached him without any encouragement on his end. If he was mildly interested and had the time to play their game, he would take them up on their obvious suggestions, some spoken, some not but all the women were blatantly obvious about their intentions. All his previous relationships had been sexual with nothing else possible between his partners. They'd understood his terms, even if they'd all wished for, and some even subtly suggested, a more permanent situation. He'd dismissed all of them without qualms. When the heat had fizzled with one woman, he immediately started looking for another. It wasn't until Eva's picture had arrived on his conference room table that he'd thought of a woman as more than just a temporary diversion.

Or, to be more correct, it wasn't until he'd met her, got to know her and felt more than just a passing interest, that his intentions had changed. Her picture in the file had caught his eye. Her hell for nothing temper and unrelenting passion for all things had captured his interest.

He couldn't tell her that. Damon knew this beautiful, vibrant woman wouldn't appreciate being chosen out of a set of five pictures simply because her head shot had caught his attention.

She blinked, waiting for more but when he stopped and simply looked across the table at her, she realized that he'd just told her everything he was going to say. It wasn't enough. She couldn't go through her rolodex of friends to find him a new fiancee without more information. "What personality traits do you look for when choosing a woman to date? Surely some of the women you've been with in the past might have been appropriate wife material. Couldn't you give me a clue what they might have been like? You don't need to give me names, just things that they did or didn't do that made you date them."

He dealt with the first because the last would be a bit too volatile. "You're self-confident, you know how to handle a room full of people with grace and dignity, you seem to be a very good hostess which can help my business grow."

Eva waited for the waiter to put their meals down in front of them and leaving before she continued. This wasn't a discussion that the wait staff at the restaurant needed to overhear. "You don't need your business to grow."

"Everyone needs to grow."

"How much are you worth? Right now?"

He almost laughed at her matter of fact tone. No one had dared to ask him that. They just looked up other peoples' estimates on the internet or in magazines. He was regularly featured in the top ten wealthiest men in the world so it wasn't as if someone would need to dig too deeply to find out his estimated net worth. "Right at this moment? I have no idea."

She sat back, shaking her head. "You probably know but think it's crass of me to ask. And you're right. Even I'm uncomfortable with the subject. But it doesn't matter. The point is, you're so wealthy you could stop working today and not have to make any other business deals and you'd still be disgustingly wealthy for the rest of your life."

"And your point is?"

"My point is that you don't need a wife. You don't need me to further your business interests. So what's truly behind all this?"

"You might not think I need someone, but I do. I want children to pass on my wealth."

She was already shaking her head at the idea of passing billions on to the next generation. They wouldn't push themselves to succeed on their own if they had no reason to contribute something to society. "Children shouldn't expect that much money. They won't pursue their own interests or they become those obnoxious people the tabloids write about, who are always in trouble with drugs or the law since they have no real responsibilities other than finding their next social event."

"But I can provide for them. My children will have their comforts, although I will encourage them to strive for their own success."

She latched onto that as evidence of their incompatibility. "See? We already disagree about the most fundamental issues about child rearing. I don't think children should inherit their parents' wealth and that's your second most powerful reason for marrying me, so you can have children and pass on your wealth."

He was becoming impatient with this discussion and wanted to see where she was going with it. "Our children will be provided for, Eva."

"I agree that your children should have security and privilege."

"Are you saying you don't have an inheritance that you live off of? What about the trust fund your grandmother left for you?"

She was uncomfortable with his knowledge of her finances. How did he know so much? "I have that for emergencies. But I don't live off of that."

That infuriated him. "So what are you living off of?" She damn well better not tell him that she had a boyfriend on the side who gave her an allowance and paid for her apartment.

She laughed softly, glad she'd broken through his emotionless facade. For some reason, she wasn't afraid of his anger, just his passion. "Not the way you're thinking. Why do you think it's so amazing to think that a woman can survive without a man's wealth?"

He read between the lines and knew that she wasn't telling him something. Something probably significant. "Are you saying you work? What's your job?"

She shrugged and felt that old tug of battle kick into play. This man just did that to her. "None of your business."

"It's obviously my business since we're engaged."

"In your mind," she countered, refusing to give an inch to ease his mind. He was thinking the worst, let him do his own research and find out where she earned her income. His initial investigation obviously hadn't turned up the information about her teaching and royalties from her book sales, let it fester in his mind.

He sat back in his chair and looked at her, noting the smug look of victory that had suddenly come over her. She thought she'd won this round. He'd just have to bring her back to reality, he thought to himself. "I think in your mind as well."

Eva didn't know she could hate a man so much. "You can believe that all you want," she snapped, hating the way she couldn't look him in the eye. "But you don't know me, I don't know you which means there's absolutely no way a marriage can work between us. So no, in my mind, we are not engaged."

He chuckled and shook his head. "Now I know our marriage is going to be strong."

"You know nothing of the sort."

"Of course I do. I can tell when you're lying, Eva."

She was sputtering with her anger and she glared across the table at him. "First of all, I'm not lying. And secondly, how in the world would you know if I was or wasn't lying?'

"You're neck becomes all red when you're not telling me the truth. So, now that we've established that you're a walking lie detector, perhaps we can find out some more interesting information. Like perhaps why you're so afraid of me."

She reared back, refusing to even look at him after such an outrageous question. "I'm not afraid of you! And you flatter yourself to think that you have that kind of power over me."

He looked behind her and shook his head one more time. "We need to have this conversation in a more private atmosphere." He stood up and came around the table. "Come along," he said quickly and took her hand, practically pulling her out of the restaurant.

He stopped briefly to speak with the manager who nodded quickly and hurried off to do whatever it was that Damon had ordered him to do.

She didn't like the confident look that had come over him a few moments ago. It didn't bode well for her confidence. Besides, where had her plan gone awry? She'd determined to be cool, calm. To face him with logic and sincerity and try to help him with his problem of finding an acceptable wife while relieving herself of the burden of paying him back all the money he'd donated to the recreation center. "Where are we going? I'm not going back to your place with you!"

He stopped outside the restaurant, smiling briefly while his driver pulled up to the curb. The manager hurried out with a large bag that he quickly handed to Damon's driver.

Damon looked behind him and then back to her wide, wary eyes. "As much as I'd like to take you back to my place, we both know where that will end up and I made a promise to myself to slow down for your benefit."

"My benefit?"

He nodded curtly and waved to the open door to the back of the limousine. "Get in the car or I'm going to kiss you in front of all those curious people over there, some of which I'm guessing are paparazzi and would love a picture of the two of us in a passionate embrace. Wouldn't that make headlines on all the tabloids? 'Daughter of local business man making out with out of town tycoon'?" He let that headline sink in for a moment before he said, "Has a nice ring to it since it's true."

Eva glanced around at the group of people huddled near the entrance to the restaurant and sighed, realizing that he was right. The crowd did look like paparazzi, or at a minimum, celebrity hounds which were just as bad because they stood outside of restaurants and took pictures of everyone, and then sold them to whatever tabloid paid the highest price. They had no loyalty to one tabloid or another so whichever could come up with the raunchiest headline would pay the most. Images of her in Damon's arms in the past caused her to cringe at the idea. They wouldn't need to fabricate anything raunchy because Damon did things to her, made her feel things that were decidedly raunchy and naughty.

"Good grief," Eva groaned and ducked into the back of the black limousine. She quickly slid over to the far side of the vehicle, trying to get as far away from Damon as possible on the soft, black leather seats. "Why do you always need to threaten me? Why can't you just ask me politely?"

He got in beside her and slammed the door shut before turning to glance at her. "Because you don't respond quickly enough."

"How would you know? You've never tried it." She crossed her arms over her chest and stared out of the window, refusing to look at him. "Would you ask the driver to take me home?"

"We're going to finish this conversation."

Gone was her objective to be polite and diplomatic. That was impossible with this man! "The one where you insult me and tell me I'm a liar? Or the one where you ignore everything I say because it isn't what you want to hear?"

She didn't turn her head, but hoped that her words dug in to that enormous ego of his. Unfortunately, she should have known better than to leave him unattended. There was a moment of silence before she felt strong arms on her upper arms. Suddenly, she was picked up and plunked down right in his lap with one of his arms around her back and the other holding her legs to the side. "That's better," he said. "Now we can talk."

"Let go of me," she demanded, starting to struggle, but he was too fast and too strong.

His hand grabbed both her wrists and held her steady. "Now, we're going to talk. And you're going to be honest with me so we can move past this futile resistance you have to our mutual attraction and move on."

She was so furious at being man-handled she could barely think straight. Her whole body was shaking with her fury at his high handed tactics. "Just because you say it, doesn't make it so!"

"And just because you deny it, won't make it go away," he replied calmly.

"Let me go!" She tried to get her hands free, to scrape and claw at him and get out just a small amount of her fury. But he was too strong and his hands held hers captive. Thankfully, he wasn't hurting anything but her dignity but she was spitting mad.

He turned her so she was facing him more fully and glared down at her. "No. Why are you afraid of me?"

"I'm not! I just don't like you! And I really don't like being man-handled."

"Is it because of what you feel when I touch you?" His anger was gone and in its place was something more, a realization that struck her almost painfully since he was so on target.

"Don't!" she gasped and tried to squirm away when the hand that had been holding her back moved around to caress her cheek. She didn't get very far because his other hand holding her wrists were tight. She wished she could complain about him hurting her, but his grip was firm, gentle, not even pinching her skin slightly.

"So you wouldn't mind if I touched you like this," he said and his finger gently stroked her ear lobe.

Eva tried very hard but she knew he felt the shivers his touch caused. She closed her eyes and turned her head away. "Please don't," she whispered.

"I can't seem to stop," he replied, his voice husky.

She felt his fingers move from her ear lobe down her neck, following the line of her dress. When his fingers slid down her chest, barely brushing the skin along the fabric of her suit, she inhaled sharply, her whole body waiting with eager anticipation for his fingers to move downward. Her body was prepared, tense and desperate now.

"You have the softest skin," he mumbled a moment before his mouth followed the same path, forming a trial of fire along her ear, her neck, his teeth skimming along her skin and sending more shivers along all of her nerve endings.

"Please don't...." she initially was going to stay "do that" but when his finger slipped inside the jacket, coming so excruciatingly close to her already alert nipple, she breathed in harshly, her body waiting for him to touch her...right there.

"Please don't what, Eva?" Damon asked as his hand went back up to her collar bone, then back down. His fingers found the button of her jacket and released it, giving him more access. "Please don't....do this?" he asked as his index finger circled the indentation of her nipple through the lace camisole she was wearing underneath the jacket. He pushed the jacket a bit farther away. "Or...please don't do this?" he suggested and his hand moved over to her other breast, circling that nipple as well but not touching it.

"Tell me what you don't want, Eva. I'll avoid any place that you don't like." His hand reached up and pushed her jacket off her shoulders, letting it fall to the limousine floor behind her. His finger pulled the strap of her camisole down and Eva gasped in anticipation. The camisole was her bra so she wasn't wearing anything else underneath. She'd thought the suit was conservative and safe. She was finding out just how wrong she was. "I like this," he said and his eyes watched as her body moved slightly.

"Please Damon!" she gasped, whispering because she didn't have the energy for anything more.

The limousine pulled into the parking garage and Damon knew he had seconds before they would be pulling to a stop. His finger moved to her nipple, caressing it through the material and he almost groaned when her head fell back and she sighed, pressing her body against his fingers.

"Come inside with me," he said and was rewarded with her nod of agreement. He knew she probably wasn't reacting the way she normally would, but he didn't care at this point. She'd been denying both of them for so long and he would finally be able to show her what they could do for each other.

He took her hand, quickly reaching down to grab her jacket and sliding it onto her shoulders before they stepped out of the vehicle and straight into the elevator. He didn't wait until the doors were closed, taking her into his arms and kissing her while they traveled up to his penthouse. When the doors opened again, he lifted her into his arms and carried her into his bedroom, tossing her jacket onto a chair but depositing her onto the bed.

"You look beautiful," he said, his voice rough with the need riding him hard. "But I want to see all of you," he declared.

He reached down and slid her cream pumps off, letting them drop to the floor, then moved his hands up her leg, watching her mouth fall open as the heat increased and her body began that sexy, sultry movement that she'd started in the car.

"What are you going to do?" she asked, swallowing painfully and blinking up at him.

"You know exactly what we're going to do, Eva," he said and came down so he was leaning over her. "Are you okay with this?" He tensed, not sure if he should back off or move forward. He wanted her so badly he was aching but he didn't want to pressure her into anything she wasn't ready for.

"Yes. I think so."

"Don't think," he countered and pulled back ever so slightly. "Know Eva. I won't have you accusing me of tricking you in the morning. I want you fully aware of what's going to happen tonight."

She looked up at him, her body on fire and she tried to think rationally. "I'm nervous," she finally said.

Damon watched, carefully assessing what she was trying to tell him. "Don't worry," he groaned, and then felt his body go up in flames when her hand tentatively touched his chest. He ripped his tie off over his head, then quickly undid several buttons on his dress shirt. With an urgency he'd never felt before, he took her hand and moved it inside his shirt, loving the way her hand felt against his hot skin, the way her fingers curled slightly, moving gently over his muscles.

While her hands moved inside his shirt, he pulled out the other buttons, then tossed his shirt aside, giving her more access and she took full advantage of everything he'd revealed. Her hands moved over his chest, his arms, then back down over his skin, accidentally moving across his flat, male nipples and he inhaled sharply. When he made that sound, she stopped and looked up at him, wondering if she'd hurt him. But the sudden stillness in his body told her something different. Experimentally, she rubbed her fingers back across his nipple and Damon's eyes flared open showing her a deep, dark brown. She gasped when she saw the heat in his eyes, the desire that was zapping across the air towards her just from her tentative touch.

"Did I do that?" she asked, a small smile creeping over her face.

"Yes!" he growled. "You minx, you know this is what you do to me," he said and took her hand, moving it downward so that her small, perfect hand was covering his erection. She quickly tried to pull it away, but he kept it there, showing her what she did to him and after a moment, she didn't pull away. He took his hand away from hers and almost exploded with need as her hand explored through his slacks, feeling his length and testing.

"No more," he gasped and took her hand away when she showed no signs of stopping. He laughed harshly and stood up, pulling her with him. "I can only take so much, Eva," he said when he saw her hurt expression. "Your touch is driving me mad."

That cleared up her expression and he bent down to kiss her. This time, there was no coaxing necessary. She lifted her face to his, opening her mouth and demanding just as much as he was. They were ravenous and his hands slid up, underneath that soft lace and pulled it higher. When his hands encountered the softness of her breasts, he stilled, paying homage to the perfection of her body. The lace was pulled up over her head and discarded.

With Damon's hands at her waist, she stood in front of him while his eyes roved over her naked torso. She desperately wanted to bring her hands up and cover herself, but she was trying to be brave. It was hard but she was proud for not hiding. And when his hands came up, gently cupping her breasts, her reward for her bravery was the most intense feeling of arousal she could have imagined. His hands holding her carefully made her feel cherished. Then his thumb rubbed across her nipple and her whole body jerked in reaction, her hands reaching up to hold his arms so she didn't explode but he wasn't finished with her. He lifted her up and laid her back down on the bed, following her down and his mouth kissed her all the way from just below her ear down to the middle of her chest. When his mouth moved to the left and captured her nipple, she arched against him, pressing her nipple into his mouth and crying out with the heat, the intensity that she couldn't really control. It left her breathless and wanting.

Her hands moved against his body but because his head was moving slowly downward, she couldn't do much more but touch and feel.

His own hands were very active, not giving her any reprieve from the pleasure. He moved from one breast to the other, nibbling and teasing, before moving downward even more. His fingers opened the waistband of her skirt and pushed the material off of her. As he took in her nude colored lace underwear, he had to calm himself or he would rip them off of her. The color was too enticing and the lace covering the very heart of where he wanted to be was driving him insane.

Then he realized that his prim little woman was wearing lace thigh high stockings and he smiled, a sensuous, no mercy expression that increased when she instinctively moved her hips, telling him without words that she was right there with him in his need.

He pulled that lace down, revealing her soft curls and he smelled her arousal, making his erection throb with a need to possess her. But he slowed, kissing his way from her navel down to the top of those lovely curls, enjoying her gasps of pleasure and surprise.

He expected her to feel uncomfortable with him kissing her aroused body, but when he nibbled along her inner thigh, she opened for him, obviously needing his touch as much as he needed to touch her.

"You're gorgeous," Damon breathed a moment before his mouth covered her, causing her to almost sit up but his hand reached up and pushed her back down while he tasted her, teased her sensitive flesh. She grabbed handfuls of his hair and started pulling, trying to make him stop but he simply ignored her efforts and continued with his ministrations. With one finger inside her, he worked her higher, enjoying the sounds she made as she came closer to her climax. And when she tumbled over, her hands still fisted in his hair as he watched her body throbbed, tasted her pleasure, he could barely control himself from rising up and pushing into her heat.

He rose up, kissing his way up her body and letting her recover slightly, but when he reached her breasts, he smiled and ramped her up once again.

Eva shook her head, not wanting to go back up that hill again but Damon wouldn't allow her any time to recover. His lips captured her nipple and nibbled, sucked against her and she just about screamed with the need that she'd thought had just been assuaged. She couldn't believe how quickly she needed him once again. It was like he was the puppet master and she the puppet and he could pull her strings any direction he wanted. He reached into his bedside table and tore a foil packet, sheathing himself with protection before moving back to her warmth.

He pulled her hands above her head while his mouth found her neck, finding that sensitive spot under her earlobe and teasing there all the while, she felt something lower, something that was filling her up and she raised her legs, her knees rubbing against his hips so that she could pull that fullness in deeper. There was only a small point of pain that was gone as soon as it happened and she arched into him, wanting him deeper, her body stretching more than she thought possible but when she finally felt him fully inside her, she couldn't believe how wonderful it felt. She'd been fighting against this happening but now she didn't know why.

"Don't stop," she gasped and tried to move, but he was too heavy over her, too large and until he was ready to move, there was nothing she could do.

But wow! When he shifted just slightly, her fingers gripped his shoulders and her back arched. Her hips tried to lift to bring him back inside her once again, but then he pulled out farther, then back in and the friction just about drove her out of her mind with the pleasure. "Damon!" she cried out and her legs moved higher, wrapping around him.

Damon held her legs, feeling her heat squeeze him tightly and he had to remind himself to take this slowly since it was her first time. But dammit! She felt so good!

"Would you mind...going just...faster?" she managed to gasp out.

Damon wanted to laugh at her request but, given permission, there was no stopping him. He moved again, pulling fully out of her, then smoothly back in. Over and over, he repeated the process, holding back his own climax, determined to give her pleasure once more. As he moved, he watched her face, looking for reactions to find out what she liked. Her face was so expressive and he increased the pace, counting backwards from one hundred in order to keep himself from losing control.

"Come with me, Eva," he growled out when he'd reached ninety-five and knew he wouldn't last very long, not with those soft sounds she was making and the way she was moving against him, pulling him in deeper with each thrust and squeezing her whole body. When he finally felt her body start her climax, he released his control, pounding into her and he heard something in the distance shouting out and knew that she'd finally found her release.

Damon collapsed against her softness, but rolled to his side, pulling her with him. "You're incredibly beautiful, Eva," he said as he felt her fall asleep against his side.

Chapter 8

Eva didn't want to answer her cell phone. It rang four times before it went to voice mail and she still stared at it like it was a snake. She'd left Damon last night while he was sleeping and she didn't want to deal with the repercussions of her actions. She suspected that he was going to be furious with her for leaving him after...well, after what they did.

"It's not going to explode, is it?" her friend and co-worker said as she peered into the closet-like office in which Eva was currently working.

Eva's eyes snapped up and she tried to understand Geselle's words. "Excuse me?" Eva's face flushed guiltily and she tried hard to tamp down the feeling that she'd done something horribly wrong.

Geselle smiled. "The cell phone. It isn't going to explode, right?"

Eva forced a laugh and looked away. "Of course not. Why would you think so?"

"Because of the way you were looking at it. Like it might just come out and eat you up somehow."

Eva sighed and let her fingers fall from her computer keyboard.

"That bad, huh?" Geselle asked, taking the only other chair in the tiny room.

"Yea. I have man troubles."

Geselle laughed and nodded her head. "I've heard. I'd love to have your man-troubles," she chuckled.

"What do you mean?"

Geselle reached through the papers in her briefcase and pulled out the latest newspaper. "You're getting married, right?"

Eva couldn't believe the words she was reading. "My father made the announcement? How could he?"

"Was the announcement real?"

"Absolutely not!"

"Do you know Damon Kelopatros? He's extraordinarily hot!"

She gritted her teeth at her friend's description of the man who drove her crazy in so many ways. "Yes but he's also an arrogant, domineering pain in the neck! I really can't stand him."

Geselle picked up the paper again and looked at the picture above the announcement. "I don't know why. It seems like the two of you have a lot in common."

Evan stared at her friend like she was insane. "What makes you say that?"

"Well, for starters, you're both into investing. You teach investing and I know you make your own decisions on your trust fund. The man's a financial genius by most accounts and a financial shark by those that are less complimentary. If both of you make your living by making investments, it would seem that the two of you would have a lot to talk about over dinner each night."

Eva sat back in her office chair, no longer cringing at the metallic squeak as the old chair protested the movement. "There's a difference in our motivation. He does it for self serving reasons, while we do it to help people dig out of their financial problems. Or at least that's what we tell ourselves."

"We try to be altruistic but at the heart of everything we do, there's self-motivation."

Eva sighed and pushed her papers away. "I suppose you're right."

"So what's the problem with this gorgeous hunk you're trying to avoid? And changing the subject each time I turn it in that direction."

Eva laughed. "Am I that obvious?"

Geselle's beautiful pixie face split into a unrepentant grin. "Only to those of us who know you well. Sounds like this guy has really gotten to you."

"You have no idea." She couldn't tell her friend that she was engaged, even if she might be starting to believe it. The idea was too preposterous to even speak out loud.

"But you really dig him, huh?"

"No. I really don't."

The next class of students was starting to filter into the classroom and Geselle stood up. "I guess we'd better get to work."

Eva had three classes today, all with a very large group of students. Her first class was only twenty five students but her second and third had over fifty people in it. She had to concentrate to get through all the material in time to answer questions at the end. She loved teaching the classes and felt energized when they were able to take the information she gave them and learn to invest on their own. She never gave out advice on which stocks to buy or which companies to invest in, but she heard many success stories from her students if they followed her advice and researched their stocks carefully. Of course, there were the sad cases as well where people did their research and still the company didn't do well. But that happens when one invests and she emphasized that throughout all the classes.

Her favorite story was about a woman who came up to her to thank her for helping her get on her feet after years of struggling to make payments on all of her bills. Eva had heard several women tell her that they'd been able to get on their feet and find more independence after learning to invest. They had confidence, they stood up to their husbands who thought they were door mats and those women finally found happiness, or at least a sense of peace now that they weren't under a man's control.

She considered that as she went out to her car that evening, exhausted but thrilled with all the ideas that had been tossed about in her last class. There were several students who were really getting into the whole issue of investing, but being careful about their choices.

Her cell phone rang and she grimaced when she saw who was calling. She considered ignoring it and just letting it go to voice mail, but she knew he'd keep calling until she answered. Or even worse, he'd search her out. She didn't want to sleep at her parent's house tonight so she'd better just answer it and get it over with.

"Where the hell have you been?" his deep, angry voice said as soon as she flipped open the phone.

"Good evening to you, Damon. I can tell you've been working on your charm once again and it's really working!"

"Don't give me that crap, Eva. Tell me where you have been for the past five hours."

"No."

There was a long pause while Damon absorbed the fact that she'd disobeyed him. Completely and unequivocally.

"No? Just no? You're not even going to explain why you're not going to answer my question?"

She was enjoying his consternation, probably too much she thought as she leaned back against her car, smiling as she pictured his dumbfounded expression at her responses. "Just no. Is there anything else you'd like to know?"

He actually laughed. "Would you tell me if I asked?"

Eva ignored the tingly sensation that bubbled up in her stomach with his laughter. "Probably not. So I guess this conversation is at an end."

"Don't' you dare hang up, Brat."

"Ah, more charm just oozes out of you. I can actually feel it transmitted over the waves."

"Meet me for dinner tonight."

"We're not going to do that again."

"If you don't, I'll come over to your house and pick you up. And we might not make it out of your bedroom, so you'd better meet me for dinner. Make it some place public and you'll be relatively safe from a repeat of last night. Even though you know you don't want to avoid my bed any longer, do you?"

Eva ignored his last question, trying hard to keep the conversation impersonal so she didn't have to deal with the questions running through her mind after what they'd done last night. "What if I don't want to meet you?" she asked, although there was actually a smile on her face as she stood by her car, contemplating the idea of taunting him further over dinner.

"You do. If only to try and irritate the hell out of me. Name the place, Eva. And be there in a half hour."

"Meet me at the Alpha Waterfront."

"I've never heard of it."

"You've probably never been there. Definitely not your typical hangout."

"I'll be there. Thirty minutes, Eva. And don't be late just to piss me off or you'll regret it."

She rolled her eyes at his latest threat and considered her options for what to do for the next thirty five minutes. She was only about five minutes away from the restaurant right now so she'd really have to be creative. Considering her options, she decided to try and find a book someone had recommended. There were a few trendy bookstores in that area so maybe she'd get lucky.

With a firm plan in mind, she tossed her purse and book bag onto the passenger seat of her car and pulled out of the parking lot. She found a parking space easily enough since it was pretty early in the evening and stored her books in the trunk, tossing her purse over her shoulder. Because this area was much less high-brow, she didn't need to change clothes, jeans being the normal attire around here. She loved this area with all of its bohemian atmosphere and quaint shops. One could walk along the streets and find a store with ancient knockoffs right next to a vegetable stand. Not a single upscale store within miles.

It helped psychologically that this area and what she was wearing was the complete anthisis from last night. It separated one event from the other, grounding her and giving her help in not repeating the events. Her mind instantly flashed back to the mind-blowing sensations she'd experienced in Damon's arms, not to mention the delicious feeling of waking up in his arms with her head on his shoulder and her whole body wrapped around him.

Stop it! Her mind had replayed last night so often and each time, her body responded, wanting him again even though he was miles away from her. It was ridiculous that he could hold that much power over her.

Glancing at her watch, she knew she had twenty-five minutes to burn up in order to arrive five minutes late for Damon. She started on the right side of the street, walking in the opposite direction from the restaurant. She found a costume jewelry shop with a great faux crystal necklace with an interesting design, a gorgeous blue vase that would look perfect in the middle of her kitchen counter, and she was excited to find the book she'd been looking for. Unfortunately, she found all these treasures within twenty minutes. She strolled down the street, casually heading towards the restaurant. She smiled in anticipation of how irritated Damon would be when he had to wait for her.

And then she saw him. The dratted man was standing outside one of the small bars that lined the streets, sitting with a beer at his elbow and looking to all the world as if he didn't have a care in the world.

And he was in jeans!

Ugh! How was it possible that he looked even better in jeans than he did in his immaculately tailored suits? His long legs were stretched out in front of him with an open necked shirt, not even tucked in. The man did casual better than anyone she could think of and she stopped in the middle of the sidewalk while he watched her through his sunglasses.

And she was actually on time, which only made this whole thing worse!

With a sigh, she walked up to his table and stood there, wanting to do something to get rid of the amusement on his face. "Hello, Eva. You look exceptionally sexy tonight."

She looked down at her jeans and red tee-shirt, wondering what was so sexy about this outfit. "You're in jeans."

"As are you."

"What happened to the suit?"

He stood up and moved closer to her, taking off his sunglasses so he could look down into her eyes. "A suit wouldn't really fit in around here, would it?"

She grimaced as he pointed out that he'd understood her latest attempt to irritate him. "No, but you're not supposed to know that."

He smiled slightly. "I thought you were counting on that."

"Oh shut up and let's go eat. I'm starving."

"Very eloquent of you, my beauty."

Eva loved this place and she asked for the table by the water. The waiter blushed and immediately took her over to her favorite table, handing her menus and basically ignoring Damon in the process.

He rolled his eyes at the waiter's attention but opened his menu to look at the offerings. Since you're obviously a regular, what do you recommend?"

"Anything. The seafood is wonderful, but even the burgers are delicious."

He quickly read through the options and put his menu down, looking at her across the small table. "What are you doing in this area?"

"Shopping."

"And before then?"

"Why do you think I've been doing something else?"

"Eva, you're the one who said you wanted to get to know me better. How are we supposed to do that if you're going to take every question as a challenge?"

She sighed and shook her head. "I don't know. There's just something about you that makes me a bit arbitrary."

"A bit?"

She laughed and shook her head. "Only a bit. I'm actually a very annoying person generally. You'll know that once you get to know me better, which will only prove to you that you don't want to marry me."

"All the more reason to let me get to know the real person behind the facade."

She chuckled at his logic but the atmosphere here was just too relaxed to take him very seriously. She ordered a beer and relaxed with the spicy dip and chips that arrived at their table. As the sun set, she talked about various subjects, none of them very deep. No one approached their table, there weren't any waiters standing off to the side waiting to jump at his smallest request because no one really knew that the man sitting here was Damon Kelopatros. It was a completely different experience being with him tonight and she laughed, talked and joked about politics and investing and families. It seems that both of them seemed to be very careful to stay away from any subject that might turn controversial.

As the sun set over the water and darkness made the world a bit more intimate, she felt a bit closer to Damon than she had since she'd first met him. A part of her told her not to let the night become something it wasn't, but the other part of her was thinking about how nice it would be to not be this man's enemy. Dinner had been nice, surely there had to be a way to maintain this kind of friendship with him.

"How about if we play this game a bit differently this time?" she asked softly.

"What did you have in mind?"

She shrugged, trying to come up with different subjects besides the ones she usually brought up, which were why he wanted to marry her - a question he couldn't really answer to her satisfaction, and what aspects of her personality he decided would be beneficial, which only irritated her. Oh, and his preference, why he terrified her so much, a question which she couldn't really answer to his satisfaction because she didn't completely understand her reactions to him herself.

"Can you tell me about the happiest and saddest moment of your life so far?" she asked, watching his face carefully to see if he gave her any important clues.

"The happiest moment of my life? Isn't that a bit trite?"

"Possibly. But it might give me some insight into what motivates you."

"Making my first million was deeply satisfying."

She cocked her head to the side, looking at him curiously in the dim light. "Are you saying you don't feel actual happiness? Or are you not answering the question by replying with a mediocre point in your life?"

"Possibly both," he replied, his face a bland mask that didn't tell her anything. It was too dark to see the color of his eyes and determine what he might be feeling in that way.

She nodded, accepting his answer and storing that piece of information away to examine later. "Okay, so how long ago did you make your first million? And how did you know that you'd succeeded without someone coming along to take it away from you?"

He told her something about his first investments and why he'd gone with certain companies. Eva was fascinated and leaned forward, resting her chin on her hand as she sipped her drink. His intuition on finding ways to make money was truly brilliant.

Their food came and he turned the question back on her. "So what's your happiest moment?" he asked.

Eva considered several things she could tell him but in the end, she decided to go with something that really would give him some insight into who she was and what she did. She didn't think revealing this would give him too much leverage against her.

"About three years ago, I was teaching a class on investing over at the recreation center. There was a woman in the class who sat in the back at the beginning. She had almost no money, in fact, I think she was homeless and begged for change on the streets."

"You really do teach investing?" he asked, leaning his forearms on the table and watching her closely, trying to see if this was a genuine story or if she was making it up just to annoy him again.

"I really am a teacher," she confirmed with a self-satisfied grin. "I teach four days a week, three classes a day. Some of the classes are only about twenty people, but we take up to fifty in a class, trying to serve as many as possible without the whole period becoming too insane."

"That's interesting. So the whole thing about the mystery writer was a smoke screen, huh?" he chuckled and shook his head. "I didn't believe either."

Eva didn't respond, didn't tell him that she also wrote mysteries and had several books already published, her latest doing extremely well on the charts.

"Are you going to let me finish the story?" she asked, raising her eyebrows.

"By all means, please continue."

"This woman was actually in the back because she couldn't afford to bathe and didn't want anyone to have to deal with her smell. The classes are free and we don't have any prerequisites for taking the class, as long as the attendees behave."

"But she was really a very wealthy woman who was just trying to get some insider tips?" he interrupted, trying to guess the end of the story.

Eva laughed and shook her head. "Not even close. She really was homeless, she couldn't afford any place to sleep and she stunk horribly." When she knew he wasn't going to interrupt again, she continued. "This lady strolled in about ten minutes before the class started and stayed probably thirty minutes after the class ended so I was assuming she had simply found a place off the street that wasn't dangerous, had air conditioning and she could find someone to talk to."

"Who was she?"

"I didn't know her real name initially, but she brought in forty Euros worth of coins and asked me to open up a trading account in her name. Since she didn't have any identification, we worked with an electronic firm and established an account with me as the official name but no power over the account. Every day she would bring in more coins to invest, sometimes she only had enough for one stock and the fee but she had a well thought out strategy. Over time, she had enough in her account to put half the money down on a house."

"You're kidding me," he replied, truly seeming to be surprised by the story.

"Not kidding. All of us over at the recreation center helped her in one way or another, sometimes by just offering her a place to shower."

"So the happiest day of your life was when she was in her own home?"

"No. The happiest day of my life was when she brought her daughter to that home and showed her what she'd done and the daughter burst into tears. The elderly woman completely changed, going from a homeless woman who drank most of the day to a clean, if simply dressed woman who owned her own home and made her living off of carefully investing in the stock markets. She is an example for all of us and she comes back to the center for different classes, and sometimes we ask her to come back just as a motivational speaker. Her name is Mirza Holliday."

He looked at her curiously. "Why does that name ring a bell?"

"Because she was featured in the newspaper last year, a full spread about her life and what she's accomplished."

"Impressive." He really was amazed that the happiest day of her life wasn't a day she'd found the perfect pair of shoes to match her dress or that a certain purse was released on the market and she was the first to obtain it. He'd actually endured some of his previous partners regale him with those kinds of stories, as if that accomplishment was noteworthy in some respect.

"So what was the saddest?" she asked gently, sincerely interested in this man she'd pushed away so forcefully over the past week.

"The day you told me you wouldn't sleep with me," he teased.

Eva blushed and looked away. "Why do you always reduce everything to sex?"

"Why do you shy away from it so often?"

She sighed heavily. "Please don't push me into a corner."

"No one is pushing you anywhere," he said softly and covered her hand with his. "We're getting to know each other and learning."

"For two weeks."

He grinned. "Until you admit you want to be in my bed and wake up with me in the morning instead of slipping away in the night."

She chuckled along with this blush. "You're pretty persistent."

He decided not to tell her that, because of her relaxed position, her blouse was gaping open and he could see the pretty lace of her bra and the delicate curve of her breast. With this view, there really was no getting around the desire he had to pull her into his arms and make love to her until neither of them could breathe properly for a while.

"Let's walk," he said and tossed down several bills to cover their meal. "Good food, by the way."

"I'm glad you liked it."

They walked down the waterfront, listening to the sounds of the seagulls calling to each other and the fishermen pulling in their boats for the day, the traffic behind them and the other ambiance noises. She asked him questions and he avoided most, turning it around and asking her the same questions.

"I have a dinner party tomorrow night at my place for some business acquaintances. Would you come as my guest?"

She was instantly wary and started to pull away, but since her hand was in his, he wouldn't let her get too far. "As your guest or act as your hostess?"

"As my guest."

She thought about what that might mean to the people who would see her. "It's a private party?"

"Yes. No press, no one to see you on my arm and comment about it."

She smiled, appreciating that he would be thinking like that. "Fine." She wasn't sure why she agreed, knowing that the man had seduced her tonight by his niceness. He listened to her, laughed with her and made her feel comfortable. That went a long way in her book.

And she knew it was coming, but right now, he hadn't made a pass at her, hadn't drugged her with his kisses and made her weak in the knees so she was terrified of what he might ask of her. She'd agreed with a clear mind and felt pretty good.

Chapter 9

Eva surveyed her appearance in the mirror, wondering if she was sending the wrong signal. The lavender dress was fitting with the soft, draped material clinging to her upper body, but swinging out around her legs. She'd chosen to match her shoes to her dress this time, making the whole effect a bit more dramatic.

If she wanted to avoid Damon, why was it so important to impress him tonight? And she couldn't deny it any longer. She wanted to impress him, to show him that she was strong enough to fit in with his colleagues.

What a horrible tangle she'd gotten herself into, she thought with a sigh. If she were brutally honest with herself, she wanted to make love with Damon again. But she was now in a pickle because she couldn't come right out and say it to him, especially after she'd kissed him last night, but pulled away when he deepened the kiss, telling him she had to get home because of early classes in the morning. She'd been lying and he knew it, but he'd released her and watched as she drove away.

How does one say to a man that, everything she's told him previously, he can now forget and still maintain some degree of credibility in the future?

She took a deep breath and shook her head, trying to figure out what to do.

Her current option was to take this one moment at a time. She'd agreed to get to know the man, he'd asked for two weeks. One of those weeks had already passed so she had one more week with him. What she chose to do with him during the next seven days was a mystery that only time would develop.

By the time she arrived, the party was in full swing. A waiter answered the door as soon as she walked in and took her wrap. Eva walked to the entryway, a bit intimidated at first by the site in front of her. But then she lifted her chin, remembered all that her mother had taught her and stepped forward into the breach. Or party, she corrected. This was not war, it was a simple social event. She could do this, she told herself, manufacturing confidence which she didn't currently feel.

She hated being alone at a party, unless she was the hostess. It was so much easier to be the one sponsoring the event because it made going up to a group a necessity instead of an imposition. But Damon was nowhere in sight so she had to just step in here and introduce herself, find something to talk about with whoever was in front of her.

Her stomach clenched at the idea, but she told herself she only needed to be here for an hour at the most.

She was irritated when she couldn't find Damon after surveying the crowd more closely. She was only here because Damon asked her to show up and be his guest. She'd assumed he meant to be with him but here she was, all on her own, awkwardly trying to work the room.

"Hello!" a man said, walking up to her and taking the pain of approaching strangers out of her hands. "And who might you be?" he asked, putting an arm around her waist.

Eva felt the hand, felt it slip a bit lower, and reacted. She grabbed his hand as inconspicuously as possible and, with her fingers and thumb in the right position, she twisted hard, a broad smile on her face. In this position, the man couldn't move and was so surprised, he didn't even flinch. "I'm Eva. And believe it or not, I'm not here to be mauled by an idiot who thinks women are to be your playthings."

"I was only trying to be friendly," he said, his voice strained and his eyes angry.

"Then how about a gentlemanly greeting, and not a smug, sleazy approach with a cheap feel?" she suggested with a low voice so no one around her could hear what she was saying.

"Fine! Just let my fingers go!"

"Are you going to behave?" she whispered, leaning close to his ear.

"Yes! Promise."

Eva released the man's hand and took several steps away. "It was very nice to meet you," she said with as much of a saccharin sweet tone as she could muster. "Please don't approach other women in that manner. We generally don't like it. And any woman who does, isn't worth your effort."

"Bitch," he muttered.

"What did you call my fiancee?" Damon asked as he walked up to the two of them, his own arm sliding around Eva's waist where this stranger's arm had just been. Although Damon didn't let his hand slip lower. He kept it snuggly around her waist and Eva found herself leaning in to him, feeling proud that she'd stood up to a jerk, but also liking the way Damon was tall and strong and wouldn't let anyone hurt her.

The man was still shaking out his hand, trying to get rid of the pain. "This bitch just squeezed...." Then he stopped and looked up at Damon. "I'm sorry, what did you call her?"

"Tony, meet my fiancee, Eva Fontini." He watched carefully as the man's eyes widened, moving back and forth between the gorgeous woman he'd originally planned to take home for entertainment tonight, and his boss's boss.

Damon turned to Eva, only shifting his shoulders slightly so that he could maintain his arm around her and said, "Eva, this is Tony Figuello. He's leaving." Damon turned to the shorter, older man and glared, ensuring that he received the appropriate message.

Tony swallowed painfully, then nodded, his head bobbing up and down repeatedly as he backed up. "I apologize sir. I won't ever touch her again!"

"Of course you won't," Eva replied sweetly. "But make sure you don't treat other women the same way. We're not meat."

"It was a compliment, really," he stammered. "You're gorgeous and..." his hand went up and down, indicating Eva's figure in the lavender dress. "Well, you know..."

"Weren't you on your way out?" Damon growled, his eyes darkening to almost black as his fury increased.

The man practically tripped over himself in his effort to leave.

When he was gone, Eva tensed, turning to Damon nervously. "You don't think I had anything to do with that, do you?"

"Don't be ridiculous. I saw you walk in and I'm sorry I wasn't here to greet you. I should have been by your side." He looked down at her and continued, "I would have been, if you'd gotten here on time."

Eva laughed, as much a release of the tension as it was about his admonition of her repeated tardiness.

"What's that guy's position in your company?"

"He's some sort of accountant. Or at least he was. He's history now."

"You're not going to fire him over this, are you?"

"Of course I am."

"He made a mistake, Damon. This isn't job related."

He shook his head and glared down at her. "He had poor judgment and his morals aren't up to my standards. He'll be gone Monday morning."

She put a hand on his chest and turned more fully towards him. "Don't fire him because of me. And ask yourself if perhaps the man might need a bit of mentoring instead of termination. If you fire him, he's just going to go off and be bitter, not sure of exactly what he did wrong except to make a pass at his boss's girlfriend."

"Fiancee," he corrected with a squeeze around her waist.

"I'm giving you a lot to even refer to myself as a girlfriend."

He watched her for a long moment, then twisted her around. "And what rights do I have with that role?"

Eva knew what he was asking and she bit her lip. "I don't know if you have any rights. But you might have a few privileges."

She felt his hands tighten on her waist and she grinned. "What might those privileges entail?"

She shrugged and looked at the middle of his chest, holding her breath before she continued. "How about if we relax and enjoy the evening?"

"Am I going to enjoy the evening?"

She hesitated once again. "I'm here, aren't I?"

His mouth curved into a sensuous, sexy smile that sped up her heart rate and made her stomach do those silly little flips.

"Let's go mingle," he growled. "You would choose a night when I have a house full of guests to do this to me, wouldn't you?"

"Do what?"

"Torment me with possibilities," he snapped before he pulled her over to the first group of guests. He didn't introduce her as his fiancee, but he also refused to call her his girlfriend. Eva supposed that the term was a bit too tame for him, being the moderately tame panther that he appeared to be most of the time. His energy was barely controlled, and always under the surface. As he led her around the room, introducing her to his various vice presidents, that energy, and that barely controlled power, was one of the things about him that both terrified and attracted her.

The evening was nice and Damon kept her by his side during the whole event. But as people started to filter out, her nervousness increased. She'd committed to something and now she had to follow through, despite any second thoughts she might be having.

When the last person left, Damon closed the door and looked back at her. "Do you want me to take you home?" he asked softly, ignoring the catering and wait staff who were still bustling around, picking up glasses and plates from the area.

That question relieved so much of her tension. It was a get out of jail free card and she took a deep breath. As she let it out, she shook her head and watched him. As the heat lit up his golden eyes, she knew she'd made the right decision.

Her mind jumped back to the accusations of that angry woman at the opera last week, but she pushed it aside. This man couldn't have done those things without a reason, she told herself. There was more to the story and tomorrow, she would discover what had happened. Right now, she wanted to rediscover what it was like to be held in Damon's arms, to feel him make love to her like he had two nights ago.

Damon looked down at the nervous woman that had just given herself to him, at least in her mind. He wanted to claim her completely, but he pulled back from demanding she marry him one more time. At some point in the past week, he'd moved away from simply wanting her because she would be a good hostess and mother of his children. He now wanted all of her, mind, body and soul.

He had her body tonight and that would have to be enough. He'd work on the next two tomorrow.

He pulled her closer, bending down and capturing her lips with his. He tried to be gentle. As he coaxed her trembling mouth to respond, he reigned in the powerful desire that surged through him at her giving in. He wanted her so badly but he knew from experience that moving too fast would make her pull back.

Going slowly, coaxing a response from her gently, he was rewarded with her trembling arms moving around his shoulders.

With a shaky sigh, Eva wrapped herself around Damon, feeling his triumph in every cell of her body and that somehow made her feel strong, powerful. She loved the way this man took charge, lifting her into his arms and carrying her down the hallway to his bedroom.

She remembered this room from the last time and smiled at the memories. "What's so funny?" he asked as his hands slid up her stocking clad leg, changing her expression from one of amusement to desire in a split second.

"I wasn't laughing. I was thinking about how nice this is going to feel," she said with a shiver when his fingers found the top of her stocking, teasing the sensitive flesh at the top of her thigh. "You make me feel incredible," she whispered.

"I like making you feel like that," he replied and his fingers slid back down, lifting her knee up so that she was cradling him as he bent over her. "I want you naked."

He pulled her hands, helping her sit up so that he could pull down the zipper from her back. As she laid back down, the held the dress and she slipped out of it. She even helped him by lifting her hips so that the fabric could slid down her legs.

She started to take her shoes off, but he stopped her. "Leave these on," he said with that sexy, deep voice and that sound went right down to her core. "You look hot."

Eva liked the way his eyes darkened from golden to amber in seconds as he surveyed her clad only in her underwear. He didn't look long though. His fingers moved upwards and slid inside the waist of her underwear. Within moments, he had those down her legs as well and his fingers moved along her flat stomach, moving upwards. Eva's body moved underneath his touch and she tried to lift her arms up so she could also be touching him, but he captured her hands and held them out to her side while he bent low over her, taking the lace of her bra in his teeth and pulling downward until her breasts was uncovered.

His mouth then captured her nipple, sucking until it was a hard peak before moving to the next one and doing the same. He continued teasing her breasts until she was writhing underneath him, her hips pressing against him and begging him to stop the torture.

"What do you want?" he asked, his mouth sliding over her stomach and lower.

"I want you."

"What do you want me to do?"

She bit her lip and closed her eyes, pulling against his hands but he wouldn't release her. "You know what I want," she gasped when his teeth nipped at her stomach.

"Yes, but I want you to say it."

"Why?"

"Because it turns me on to hear the prim little Eva talking dirty."

Eva almost laughed but she was too desperate. "I want you inside me!" she cried out when his mouth moved against her upper thigh. She moved her legs but wouldn't open them to his mouth, too embarrassed by her reaction from the last time he did something like that.

"I want you to open your legs for me," he countered.

"No," she shook her head.

He laughed softly and shook his head. "Who do you think is going to win here, Eva?" he asked, moving up slightly and looking at her lovely face, flushed with the desire he'd built inside of her. He loved that he could do that, and he suspected that she didn't want him to pleasure her with his mouth because she lost control so quickly, something he really wanted her to do.

"Just please..."

"Open your legs and I'll give you what you want," he coaxed, releasing her hands so he could tease her breasts and increase the pressure, the desire.

When his thumbs flicked against her nipples, she couldn't take it any longer. Her legs moved against him and he took the opportunity to move between her legs.

"You're still dressed!" she exclaimed when her thighs encountered material instead of his hot skin.

"Yes. I don't need to be undressed to give you what you want."

"Not fair!" she cried out but it was too late. He was already moving downward and even when she tried to moved out of his way, he simply held onto her and found her center, his mouth moving against her while his tongue drove her insane!

Eva tried to pull away, to close her legs and shift the power, but when his tongue did those things, she couldn't stop the feelings that tore through her. Within moments, she was splintering apart, her fingers grasping the blanket on the bed in her fists and holding on with everything while wave after wave of pleasure washed over her.

As he rose over her once again, Eva tried to be mad at him but she just couldn't muster enough strength. "You're beautiful when you do that, you know," he said as he nuzzled her neck and pulled her on top of him. His hands moved down her back, the pleasure almost tickling her until his hands found her bottom.

She liked this position better and looked down at him, feeling powerful. "You like having me out of control, is the reality. Admit it." She let her legs drop down on the side of him. When she felt his hands move her into position, her eyes widened.

"I admit it. Completely. It turns me on to know that I can do that to you."

"And what about the reverse?"

He inhaled sharply as her body sheathed onto him, taking all of him in one, swift movement. "Do your best," he growled.

As she moved slightly, her head fell backwards and she arched against him. As she lifted her hips and slid back down against him, she was surprised at how much she could feel in this position. She tried it again and moved her hips forward and almost stopped, would have shaken her head but he grabbed her hips and pulled her up and then down again, making sure that her hips moved in the same way and Eva's hands braced against his chest, trying to slow down the incredible pleasure. It was shocking. Too shocking!

"Don't!" she gasped and tried to shift her hips but he wouldn't let her.

"Again," he commanded and he lifted her against him, raising up his upper body so she couldn't avoid the friction when she slid back down his length.

Eva shook her head and tried to wiggle away but he was too strong. He held her hips exactly where he wanted her, gritting his teeth to prolong the pleasure for her. Over and over again, he shifted her along his shaft until she took the lead and continued the movements. Her body was wild with need now and he could barely hang on while she pressed herself against him with each impalement.

Damon watched her and couldn't believe what a treasure she was. He wanted to climax so badly just from her movements that were driving him crazy but he held on, waiting. Just a few more thrusts and she splintered apart once again and with that, he gained his own release, rolling her onto her back and pounding into her as his pleasure coursed through him.

When he could think clearly once again, he pulled her close, his hands caressing her hair as their heartbeats slowed, their breathing coming back to normal. In the past, he would have already been in the shower or halfway out the door by this point but with Eva, he wanted to savor the aftermath, to enjoy the way her body snuggled up against his.

Chapter 10

Eva woke, feeling awkward and sore. But also extraordinarily good! As her eyes opened, she realized where she was and what had happened last night. Glancing behind her, she noticed that Damon was still asleep, his arm around her waist, holding her against his naked body.

She smiled and looked up at the dark ceiling. She stretched around and saw the clock on the side of his bed, realizing that it was still very early in the morning. Biting her lip, she considered her options. She could roll over and kiss him awake, wanting to feel that excitement once again, but she was pretty sore after all that they'd done the night before. Or she could fall back to sleep and wake up once Damon was once again awake. But that might mean another round of lovemaking and that soreness popped up again.

In the end, she pulled herself up, careful not to wake him as she slid out of bed. After a quick shower, she pulled on her dress, letting her shoes dangle from her fingers. She had to push her hair out of her eyes as she glanced around his dresser. She quickly wrote a note for him, just thanking him for the night. She thought about telling him that she'd call him, or that she'd see him soon. Maybe even tell him that she'd enjoyed last night. But she was too embarrassed about all that he'd done to her to let him know that she wanted to do all of it again. And so much more!

She looked at him in the dim light coming from the hallway. Asleep, he looked just as determined as he was when he was awake although his hair was messed up, probably from her fingers as much as from sleep, and the sheet was barely covering his amazing butt. She even smiled at the discovery that the man had two dimples on either side of the base of his spine. An interesting discovery, but pointless since she needed to get out of there or she was going to be late for her early morning class.

With one last look, she walked out of his apartment, ignoring the security guard who was stationed outside of his door. The man bowed to her and called the elevator. Eva was extremely grateful that Damon's penthouse had a private elevator. It would be an awkward few moments as she tried to figure out what to say as she slipped away, obviously after having spent the night with his boss.

Back at her apartment, she quickly showered and changed, pulled her supplies together for her class and grabbed her purse before heading out the door.

Her class was packed this morning with many of her students wanting to learn before heading to their various occupations. They were all eager and excited as she described the various investing aspects. It was a good class even though some had questions on how to avoid losses, which she laughed and shook her head. "There's no way to avoid losses. It comes with the territory of investing. I can't give you a magic bullet that will protect you from the pain." The class laughed but she was serious, knowing that sometimes investing was dangerous.

When the class was over, she turned and headed towards her office, only to find a long line of people that were blocking her office door.

"What's going on?" she asked, curious about what could create such an interested set of people.

"We're putting in applications for jobs at the new Kelopatros Industries."

Eva stopped trying to unlock her office door and looked back. "Excuse me?"

"Yeah! There are about three hundred jobs and the people in this area get to put in our applications first. If we qualify, they say that we get the jobs before anyone else has the chance to apply! Isn't that wonderful?"

Eva could barely breathe as the full force of her fury descended on her. Damon was trying to buy this community? How dare he! It was one thing to try and buy her. She could defend herself. She wasn't going to be fooled by Damon's tricks and his attempts at doing something horrible and then just tossing money their way.

"Money can't buy everything," she muttered.

"Yes, but it can sure help buy milk for the table," another man said as he continued to fill out his application.

She tossed her class materials onto her desk and dug her cell phone out of her purse. She found that there were already five messages from Damon, all of them furious that she'd left him again this morning.

"Good!" she snapped. The force of her exclamation caused several of the people standing in line outside of her office to jump or look over at her. "Sorry. Just angry at a man!" The women nodded with full understanding while the men nearest who heard her comment looked to the right and left, still confused.

She glanced at her watch, knew that her next class wasn't scheduled until the lunch period and wanted to get this off her chest. She was so angry with Damon right now, this couldn't wait.

Had she really given herself to a man who thought money was everything? Was he really going to buy all these people to convince them that destruction of their community was okay as long as there was a job to make the transition okay? It wasn't okay! They were a community! Not a commodity!

At his office building, she found a parking space right out front. She stormed into the building and stopped by the security office, getting a badge that would allow her to confront the man she was definitely back to hating!

"Are you Ms. Fontini?" an efficient looking woman asked as soon as Eva stepped off the elevator.

"Yes. Is Damon available? I don't have an appointment but it's rather urgent. And I promise I won't take up much of his time." Eva tried hard not to growl, but she was gritting her teeth with the effort.

The woman smiled and shook her head. "Mr. Kelopatros called, letting me know that he'd received your voice mail but hasn't been able to get back yet. His helicopter is in transit but asked me to show you to his office and not let you leave until he's spoken to you."

Eva thought about leaving, simply because Damon had instructed his assistant not to 'let' her leave. But this was too important.

She paced back and forth in the office, trying hard to smile as the woman came in occasionally to place something on Damon's desk or to find a file. After twenty minutes of pacing, the woman stopped. With her hands folded in front of her and looked curiously at Eva. "Perhaps there's something I can do to help?"

"Not unless you can empty that man's bank account so he can't harm any other communities," Eva snapped. At the surprised expression, Eva sighed and stopped pacing. "I'm sorry. I'm taking my frustrations out on you and it's really Damon I'm furious with. Between the destruction of the Savos family and trying to buy up all the people around the rec center with the promise of jobs so they won't cause problems with his next billion dollar project!"

The woman smiled kindly and shook her head. "Well, I don't know all the details, but it's Kelopatros' standard operating procedures to offer positions to any qualified applicants to the communities that are impacted the most. We've done it on several projects and it's been a significant help. We get a large group of skilled employees that live close to the building, loyalty is high which means they are satisfied employees and are more productive. Most of those employees advance more quickly so Damon has instituted this process across all his companies for any project that impacts a community. I don't know how long it's been in place though. I can talk to Lila Monroe, Damon's head of human resources if you'd like."

Eva looked at the woman, stunned and embarrassed. Everything she was saying was absolutely true and it was even something she encouraged her students to look for in a company when they're investing. A strong workforce with high morale had a much better chance of surviving than a company that pushed people down and took away their benefits.

"The other issue," she tapped her chin with her finger as she tried to remember, "I know that Leroy Savos was the man who killed Damon's mother about ten years ago. Horrible tragedy," she said as she shook her head. "Leroy Savos was drunk, speeding down the road and Damon's mother was coming home from a friend's house. She was hit by the man's car while he swerved onto the sidewalk. There was nothing the doctor's could do to save her. It was a horrible time in Mr. Kelopatros' life. I'd just come to work for him and I could see that he was torn up about it but he never spoke about it."

Eva was stunned at hearing this news. She'd asked him about the saddest day of his life two nights ago and he'd never answered her question. But losing one's mother, especially in such a tragic and completely avoidable manner would have ranked very high up on anyone's list. "Why didn't Leroy Savos go to jail?"

The woman tsked and shook her head again, her motherly instincts coming out. "According to a report I saw later, Mr. Savos had some very good lawyers, said that he hadn't been drinking, claimed that he wasn't driving, even though the police photos clearly showed him at the scene of the accident with a cut on his forehead and the initial blood alcohol level was well over the legal limit. It was shocking," she said with emotion.

Eva stood there, her mind whirling around what she'd just learned. Every time she'd found something about Damon to hate, it turned around on her. What was she doing? Why couldn't she just...give in and admit that she was in love with him?

She gasped and looked around her. Damon's secretary was moving out of the office, still shaking her head at the memory of the previous legal battle despite more than a decade's history.

Was she really in love with Damon?

She hated him. How could she be in love with him? That was ridiculous.

But as she stood there in his office, she tested the idea and sighed with resignation. She was in love with him. She didn't understand how her mind had changed so dramatically, and in less than two weeks but it was true. She'd fought so hard against his claims, refusing to give an inch.

Until last night.

Her knees gave out on her and she sank into the soft leather sofa, grateful for its support. She couldn't believe how she'd changed, how her life was so much more exciting now that Damon was in it. She genuinely looked forward to their evenings together, relishing their arguments. No other man could make her as furious as Damon. And no man could make her shiver with excitement and make her so crazy with desire like he could.

Yes, she was deeply in love with the arrogant man.

She should tell him. She should just throw herself into his arms and thank him for being so conceited and arrogant and not giving in when she was horribly rude to him.

A fraction of a second after she came to this decision, the door to his office slammed shut and an enraged Damon was striding toward her, fire in his brown eyes and she could practically see the steam blowing out of his ears as he slammed the office door and closed the distance between them. He was furious although she had no idea why. Hadn't she come here to confront him? How the tables had turned, she thought and braced herself for the fight.

"Where the hell did you go this morning?" he demanded, striding towards her and glaring down into her eyes.

"I went to my class," she replied, remaining calm despite his anger.

"And you decided not to wake me up and let me know?"

"You were asleep. And we'd been up...well...a lot last night," she finally finished, her cheeks burning at the memory of her part in the waking.

"Don't ever leave me!" he commanded.

She thought about his wording, considered her options and took a deep breath. "Okay," she replied softly.

She almost laughed at his confused expression but thought she might show him a small amount of compassion at this point. Especially since she really wanted to hide her face so she moved one step closer and laid her hand in the center of his chest, one of her favorite places, she'd discovered last night.

"Okay?" he questioned, leaning back to look at her even as his hands moved to her waist to hold her close to him. "Just okay?"

She braced herself for rejection, but since she'd pushed him away so often, it was her turn to put herself out there. "Yes. I promise I won't leave you." She said it simply, with emotion, then lifted herself up and kissed his jaw, the only place she could reach unless he was willing to bend down. "What else would you like me to say? I should have woken you up and thanked you for a wonderful night. I should have asked if we could repeat the..." she didn't get any further since he lifted her up and crushed her in his arms. It was almost painful, but she didn't mind. She liked the way he held her like this, she knew what he was feeling now and it felt incredible!

"Don't do this if you don't mean it, Eva!" he growled. "You're not anything that I expected but you're everything I need."

She smiled against his neck and wrapped her arms around him. "And you're everything I need, even when I don't like it."

"You'll like it," he promised fervently. "I'll make sure you like it. Somehow, I'll help you love me if you'll just stay with me."

"I love you already," she laughed and kissed his jaw, her hands running along his broad, muscular shoulders. Since he didn't seem to be in the mood to let her down anytime soon, she wrapped her legs around his waist as well. "You're a tough man to love, Damon Kelopatros, but you're also amazingly wonderful and irritating and exciting and everything I need in a husband."

He stilled with her last words and pulled away from burying her face in her neck. "Are you saying you'll agree to marry me?"

"If you'll still have me," she whispered, her eyes suddenly worried.

"Still have you? I won't ever let you go!" he replied and carried her over to his sofa, sitting down with her in his lap. "I've loved you ever since you told me no for the first time."

She had to laugh as she looked at his face, the sincerity shining through. "You're kidding."

"Not at all. You're the most stubborn woman I've ever known and I find you fascinating. Irritating as hell, but I love you because of all that stubbornness."

"In that case, when is the wedding?"

"Soon!"

"Don't I need to schedule it around your previous business meetings?" she asked, remembering that requirement he'd put out there during one of their discussions.

"I'll shift everything for you. In fact, I think I need to reschedule a whole lot of meetings."

"Why? I really am good at organizing events so a wedding shouldn't be too hard."

"I'm talking about the honeymoon. It's going to be long, and away from everyone so I can have you all to myself!" With that, he buried his face in her neck and kissed her until she was shivering in his arms.

"Didn't you say something about not making me wait?" she asked, gasping when his hand moved underneath her tee-shirt, touching her skin and making her shiver with excitement.

"I love you, you contrary woman!" he growled and stood up with her in his arms. Eva didn't look at his assistant as they passed by to the elevator. She had eyes only for the man she'd finally admitted she loved.

