Chapter 1

Lana stared at her editor in horror. "You want me to change what?" she asked, her body tense and almost shivering with the revulsion she was feeling. The bland cream walls receded and all she could see was the red glare of humiliation, that sickening feeling of dread and horror as the painful memories came back to haunt her.

"Sex," Nancy Kirkpatrick, Lana's editor replied succinctly, a grin forming on her face as she watched her favorite writer's shocked reaction. "We need sultry, exciting, passionate sex scenes," she went on to clarify.

Lana blinked and stared. Had her friend and mentor just said the one word in the English language which could horrify her more than any other? Spiders, sharks, snakes....ick. Public speaking...terrifying. But sex? Oh no! That one word sent her mind into a tailspin of painful memories.

Lana suspected that her mouth had fallen open but she couldn't do anything to change her stunned reaction. That word hadn't really just been uttered, she told herself. It was impossible. Lana tried to convince herself that Nancy had said something else, something that probably rhymed with the word "sex", all the while wondering if it was possible to spontaneously explode from anger and frustration.

Snapping her mouth closed, Lana shook her head, as if she were trying to clear it. "Could you repeat what you just said?" Lana asked as politely as possible, ignoring the trembling that had started in her stomach and was quickly spreading outward.

Nancy chuckled, misunderstanding Lana's expression but she was genuinely amused at her stunned features. "It isn't like I just said you need to murder the hero, Lana. The stories just need more sex, more 'oomph'," Nancy replied encouragingly. "Just add a few sex scenes and everything will be perfect!"

It hadn't been a bad dream, Lana realized. Nancy really had said The Word. Multiple times, actually. It was a word, a concept that Lana had done her best to banish from her mind for the past couple of years. Just hearing it made Lana feel queasy. She shook her head, trying to dispel the nausea that was threatening to overwhelm her.

Closing her eyes, she counted to three before opening them again. Nancy was still watching her curiously and Lana dropped her gaze to her hands which were folded demurely in her lap. Taking a deep breath, she accepted that her next statement was potentially life altering, but she just couldn't change that. "I can't do it. It's just not possible."

Nancy laughed, not understanding the depth of Lana's fears. "Of course it's possible. I'm sure you have a boyfriend," she replied, eying Lana's long blond hair, almond shaped blue eyes and full pouty lips. If Nancy had to name one person who was genuinely beautiful inside and out, it would be this gorgeous woman sitting in her office. She lifted one shoulder casually and said, "Just ask him to help you come up with some new ideas. I doubt he'll mind reading about his sexual prowess in a romance novel in a couple of months."

Lana licked her dry lips and shifted uncomfortably. She didn't have a boyfriend and what's more, her husband had considered her impossibly frigid in bed. So even if Lana were to go out right now and find a man, the experience would be doomed to failure. She just wasn't a sexual creature. She'd never been interested in sex in any way and would be completely okay if she never had to deal with the issue again in her life. Unless it meant being homeless, she thought, looking at her editor with rising panic.

Lana's huge blue eyes pleaded with her editor. "But why?" she asked, needing to understand this new change in policy. "Why, all of a sudden, do I need to add sex to my novels?" She stood up and walked to the window of the office, wishing it were big enough to pace in. Unfortunately, the stacks of manuals, plus desk and chairs took up most of the available space so nervous pacing wasn't an option. Getting a window office in New York was a prime deal. Only the extremely well paid executives rated large offices. "I thought my stories were good just the way they are, without the sex scenes." She frantically looked around but salvation didn't magically appear in the office while her hands waved in the air helplessly, "I mean, isn't just the implication of sex good enough? It always has been in the past." She crossed her arms over her chest in a defensive move as she looked back at Nancy. "Don't women want to imagine things instead of being told outright what is going on?"

Nancy's eyes slid away and she sighed. "Apparently, sales have been dropping for the past year so we've all been ordered to pull in more sex scenes." Nancy grimaced as she sat back in her chair, obviously resigned. "You know the old line; sex, money and murder sell."

Economics? Finally, this was something she could understand; something she could sink her teeth into. Having been broke before, desperate for her next meal and a way to pay her rent, she could easily understand money. "Yes, but the economy will pick up. I don't see why an entire company needs to alter its established practices just on an economic whim which will be over soon anyway. Where's the integrity? Will the readers who like subtlety want to follow us back when we switch to the non-sexual, but wonderfully romantic plots again?" She sank into the chair she'd just vacated since pacing was useless.

Nancy shook her head, sighing with sadness and frustration. "It isn't just the economy, Lana. We've been bought out because of our diminishing sales," Nancy explained painfully. "I've seen how the sales figures had been slipping over the past several months but I hadn't thought much about it. Just like you, I thought it was only because of the economy and things would pick up soon. But the rest of the industry isn't feeling the same trend. In fact, the publishing world is flourishing. It's just us and we've now been bought out by one of the big corporations with huge resources that could really help us out with advertising and other expenses. Our line is going away and only those authors who can produce romances with hot, steamy sex will be published in the future."

Lana felt as if a steel band were wrapping around her chest. It was difficult to breathe and she wanted to scream out or cry, she wasn't sure which. Looking at her editor, she knew that this wasn't a battle she was going to win. She had to deal with this latest obstacle, no matter how overwhelming it appeared right at the moment. How she was going to deal with it, well, she wasn't exactly sure. Her mind wanted screaming and arguing but logic told her that she'd get no where. Nancy had mentioned that a big corporation had bought out the publishing company and that meant one thing to Lana; profit won out over loyalty.

Instead of screaming about the unfairness of the situation, she pasted a smile on her face and stood up. Forcing a bright, optimistic expression to remain even though it felt as if her cheeks were going to fall off with the pain of the exercise, she maintained the attitude, not wanting Nancy to see inside too easily. "Okay, then I think I have some more work to do, don't I?" She took Nancy's hand and shook it. "Thanks for your advice," she said and turned to leave the office.

Lana could feel Nancy's worried eyes on her back but she lifted her chin and walked out of the room with as much dignity as possible. The hallways were teeming with traffic as people moved busily from one task to another. Everyone looked so harried that she didn't want to break down in front of them. With a stiff upper lip, she moved along the carpet, praying in her mind to just reach the elevators and she could relax. It became a mantra in her head, echoing with each step she took.

She made it all the way to the outer hallway which was empty, thankfully, before the tears started. She hurried her footsteps to the lobby, then out to the bank of elevators, hiding her face with her head bowed low, praying that no one would stop and question her.

She bumped into something big and solid, then quickly shifted her path to go around the mountain. "Excuse me," she mumbled as an apology, then hurried onto the elevator.

It was blissfully empty for a moment and Lana hoped that she'd have the elevator to herself for the descent. She wasn't sure how long she could keep the tears at bay and she desperately didn't want to cry in front of someone who might know her, even as an acquaintance or writer.

Unfortunately, as days go, this one continued to roll out poorly and her wish for a solitary elevator was not granted. A large shadow entered and Lana bowed her head once again, closing her eyes in an effort to stifle the tears that were threatening. The elevator dinged as the doors closed and she took deep, cleansing breaths in the hope that she would be able to hold off on the tears that were threatening.

She tried. She really tried hard but it was no use. All the old insecurities, the hateful feelings of inadequacy, all the anger and resentment exploded inside her and she couldn't hold back the tears any longer. The sobs broke through and she turned her body toward the wall of the elevator cab, desperate to maintain some sort of dignity but the effort was failing. Her shoulders shook as the sobs overwhelmed her and she couldn't stop the flow anymore.

Digging in her purse, she searched fruitlessly for a tissue. Nothing but an old receipt, she thought angrily and wiped her wet cheeks with the back of her hand. Unfortunately, the tears continued to fall and the back of her hand was completely useless.

"Here you go," a deep voice said and a moment later, a white handkerchief dangled in front of her face.

She took it with shaking fingers. "Thank you," she said as politely as possible under the circumstances. She pretended to glance at the kind stranger but she only saw a large chest where someone's head should have been. She turned back toward the wall and used the handkerchief to wipe away the tears. Thankfully, she wasn't wearing much makeup so at least she wasn't getting powder and foundation all over the man's immaculate linen square. The tears continued to flow no matter how hard she tried to stop them. It was just too much, she thought to herself. It wasn't fair. She'd picked herself up once and come out ahead. Now she was being asked to do something completely impossible!

She even hated her pity party, wishing she was stronger and could roll more with the punches. For a while there, she'd imagined herself to be a strong, confident woman and now, here she was, sobbing her frustration out in an elevator. How humiliating!

She'd fought so hard for so long and now, to be dumped with this....well, it was all too much to take in so suddenly. Those thoughts only made her cry harder and she lost a sense of where she was. She tried to look around and get her bearings, but her eyes were so clouded with tears, she couldn't focus on the world around her.

"Come along," the deep voice said and a large, warm, insistent hand was placed at the small of her back, guiding her out of the elevator when the doors opened.

"Please," she tried to say and pull back but the man's hand was relentless and she was carried out of the elevator and onto the busy streets with his momentum. "Please, I'm okay, really," she finally said, twisting around and getting away from the hand that seemed to burn through her red cardigan sweater and white turtleneck shirt. She looked up, then up again. And up some more still so she could see the face of the man who was now directing her out of the stream of impatient body traffic on the busy sidewalk. Her eyes widened at the man's enormous size but she still couldn't focus on anything and she didn't want to talk to anyone. All she wanted to do was to rush home and bury her face in a pillow and have a genuine pity party until she'd worked this latest wrinkle out.

Taking a deep breath in an effort to stem the tide of tears, she blinked her eyes and sniffled slightly. "Thank you very much for the use of your handkerchief but I'm okay now," she lied. If she only could have made it a few more minutes without more crying, she might have gotten away. But instead, her eyes did that irritating weepy thing and the man shook his dark head.

"You need more than a handkerchief," he said. "Come along." He put his hand back to the small of her back and Lana was just too upset to stop him. Besides, she couldn't see since the tears were blurring her vision once again.

She had no idea where he was leading her but this section of New York City was busy so she wasn't concerned about crime. And he seemed gentle enough. The hand on her back was lightly insistent, but he wasn't causing her any pain, except for a sensation of awareness, something she didn't really understand since she'd never felt it before.

If she weren't feeling so miserable, she might have laughed at the idea of a man so large being this gentle. She couldn't see much from underneath his suit but anyone this tall probably couldn't be considered gentle. Even with her low heeled shoes, her head didn't reach his shoulder so he quite literally, towered over her. And he certainly wasn't taking no for an answer, she thought with a slight frown.

Suddenly, the noise from the cabs and the masses of people walking along the streets of the early afternoon were gone. He'd pulled her into a restaurant, one of those expensive places that let a patron watch the chaos outside while enjoying absolute peace and tranquility inside. Her mind barely registered the crisp, white linen table cloths and dark, expensive wood as he guided her through the main dining room to a table tucked away in the back. He pulled out a chair for her and ordered her to sit and Lana was just too grateful for the relative privacy and the ability to simply release the emotions she couldn't contain any longer.

She heard him mumble something behind her but couldn't hear the words. Then he sat down next to her and waited while she continued to cry. She sobbed out all of her frustrations, her fears, the insecurity of what and how she was going to accomplish the next step in her life, unsure of exactly what that next step would even be. It was two years ago all over again. The day Drew had walked out on her had been particularly awful but this day easily made it into second place.

She had no idea how long she sat there and cried, but finally, the sobs seemed to wear down. With one more swipe, she used the napkin, the handkerchief completely drenched by now and discarded onto the table next to her. Taking a deep breath, she lifted her head, closed her eyes. Then another deep breath. She started to feel a little more in control and she lifted her shoulders, attempting to release some of the tension that was tightening her muscles. One more deep breath, inhale, exhale, she commanded of her body.

The ritual still worked, she thought to herself and opened her eyes. Chapter 2

Wow! Her first thought as she looked across the table at the handsome man watching her was one of stunned, incredible awe.

The man sitting next to her bewildered her. He was huge! She had no idea how tall he was, but his shoulders were massive. Since he was leaning back in his chair and his suit jacket had fallen open, one arm braced against the empty chair to his left, she could see that the wide shoulders and obviously muscular chest tapered to a narrow waist and his long legs were stretched out in front of him, his ankles crossed over one another.

And he was gorgeous! Goodness, she had been crying for the past...who knows how long...while this handsome man sat there and waited? Good grief! How embarrassing!

Realizing that her mouth had been hanging open as she examined this stranger, she closed it abruptly and glanced away, embarrassed beyond anything to find herself in this awkward position. "Um....thank you," she said finally, getting her mind to function. "I apologize for being so silly," she got out and looked down at her hands, folding them in her lap and taking another deep breath.

"Don't worry about the apology," he said, his voice deep and velvety. He leaned forward and looked into her pretty, soft, blue eyes. "Tell me why you were crying. I'm sure its a fascinating story and I'm eager to hear it."

Victor Davenport watched in fascination as the tiny, prim woman with beautiful eyes that showed her every thought and lips that were full and luscious, tried to pull herself together. The tears were still in her eyes and on her long, dark lashes, but she was valiantly fighting them now. He wasn't sure which had caught his attention first, her cute, sexy little bottom in the prim, plaid skirt, or the curtain of long, brown hair that fell down her back, dancing around her as if she were some sort of mermaid out of the water.

It was odd, he thought to himself as he watched the emotions flit across her features, he usually hated when women cried. It was irritating and he'd never allowed it in his presence, knowing that it was more than likely a ploy to manipulate him into buying the woman some jewelry or some other expensive trinket. But this woman's tears were sincere and since she'd been walking out of his building, he considered her his personal responsibility at the moment.

Not to mention she was beautiful. He liked women, thought they were lovely little butterflies and interesting as long as they suited his needs. He respected women in the work place but liked them even more in his bed. At least, the lovely ones. And this one was definitely a looker.

He wasn't sure about her figure since it was covered in the primmest outfit he'd seen in years. The red and black plaid wool skirt ended at her knees and had a coordinating red cardigan sweater covering a neat, white turtleneck shirt. The pearl necklace at her throat and pearl stud earrings were the perfect compliment to the outfit. She wore black opaque tights and black shoes with prim, one inch heels.

Was she trying to counter the face that practically screamed sensuality? Her cheekbones were high and highlighted her stunning blue eyes but it was really her mouth that captured his attention. They were full and pink and his mind wondered what it would be like to kiss her. As well as many other things. How could a woman with lips like that dress like a school librarian?

He watched in fascination as her mouth opened and closed, trying to figure out what she could tell him. He knew the exact moment when she made the decision to lie to him. "I know I made a fool of myself," she started off. "But I just stubbed my toe."

Lana held her breath, waiting for him to call her on the fib. She was a horrible liar but there was no way she could explain to this man what had really happened. Maybe if he'd been old, ugly or even fat and short or bald, she could have come up with some half truths that would be more believable than the silly stubbed toe line. No one in their right mind would cry that long and hard over a small ache. Yes, she could have passed off some form of the truth to someone less attractive and overwhelming. But not this handsome, dynamic man who had probably never cried in his life. He was too strong and looked like "confidence" was his middle name. She wiggled uncomfortably under his intense, dark gaze and was relieved when he looked away.

He ignored her lie and lifted his hand to signal the waiter. Within moments, a martini with two olives appeared at her elbow.

Lana looked at the drink, then up at him in confusion. "What's this?" she asked, not daring to touch it. She rarely drank anything at all and on the few occasions she did, she preferred a glass of wine which she could slowly sip. Generally she could only take half a glass before she put it aside, feeling the impact from only a few ounces. It had been one of the irritants Drew had laughed at her about during their marriage.

"It's a martini," he explained patiently. "You look like you could use a drink."

Her fingers gently touched the bottom of the glass and shifted it away from her slightly. "I don't drink," she explained, but smiled gently to soften the words.

"Ever?" he asked.

She looked down at the linen table cloth self-consciously. "Of course I drink occasionally. But not liquor." Immediately, her body braced to hear the sarcasm about how weak she was and what a lightweight to not be able to drink. Drew had done it so often, she could practically write the script.

She waited a long moment, tense and frustrated. When he said nothing, she glanced up at him but he wasn't looking at her. He was looking for the waiter or bar tender.

He started to raise his hand again but she placed her fingers on his sleeve gently, then pulled them quickly away when she felt the muscles underneath the fabric. "No," she said hurriedly, knowing that drinks in this kind of establishment were probably very expensive. "This is fine," she said and to counter the question in his eyes she picked up the drink and took a daring sip, showing him that she wasn't going to waste her present cocktail.

She smiled tentatively, showing him that everything was fine. And then the fire started. As the gin slid down her throat, she felt as if she were going to die! Gasping, she glanced around to figure out how to put out the flames but there was no instant relief in sight.

Knowing that she could either make a fool of herself again, or drink the horrible liquid, she decided against appearing foolish once more . Daring to tough it out, she swallowed all the liquid and smiled, wishing she were anywhere but here, in front of this sophisticated, elegant man who, quite literally, took her breath away. Her eyes were burning and she was sure she'd scorched off most of the taste buds on her tongue but she blinked rapidly in an effort to show him that she was fine with the current drink. "No need for anything else," she gasped out.

Victor watched in amusement as she fought the fire of the martini. He wasn't sure why she didn't want him to order her something more to her liking but wanted to find out why she'd been so upset instead. He couldn't believe what a fascinating creature she was. He was entranced despite years of cynicism that had made him lose faith in women and humanity. She was an intriguing breath of fresh air.

"What were you doing in Lincoln Publishing?" he asked, deciding to come around the issue of her tears more carefully.

Lana wiggled uncomfortably in her chair. There was absolutely no way she was going to rehash the conversation with this man. Too embarrassing. The man practically oozed sexual charm and charisma. He couldn't possibly know what it is like to abhor sex. He probably had a different woman in his bed every night and loved it.

Surveying his immaculate suit and silk tie, she just couldn't admit to him her horror at sex. "I was talking over some things with someone," she said vaguely. At least it wasn't a lie, she told herself, feeling slightly better. It wasn't anywhere near the truth but she couldn't be honest with this man.

He smothered his smile as he countered her non-answer. "Which someone? Maybe I know them." There was no way he would let her get away with evasiveness, he thought, challenged and thrilled that she would dare. It was obvious that this beautiful woman had no idea who he was. It was both exciting and unprecedented.

Lana shook her head and smiled, taking another sip of her martini, needing something to do with her hands and hoping the action would ease some of her nervousness. This time it burned but it wasn't painful. "No, I doubt it," she said and carefully placed the glass back down on the table. She felt very warm now and actually sat back in her chair. "Goodness, I'm terribly sorry about blubbering so much." She smiled at him and her heart fluttered as he assessed her from across the table. She nervously smoothed the plaid wool of her skirt over her knees, unable to hold his gaze.

The man continued to look at her as if she were some sort of amusing doll that he could play with but she didn't want to be rude and simply get up and walk away. "What do you do?" she asked, hoping he'd accept her change of subject. She laughed softly. "I don't even know your name."

"I'm Victor," he said and reached out his hand to take hers. "And you're...?"

"Lana. Lana Armstrong," she said her confidence returning, even if it was still a little weak. She took another sip of the martini and actually enjoyed it this time. "So what do you do, Victor?" she asked, setting the glass on the table and pushing it away from her. Leaning back in her chair, she looked at the man in anticipation.

"I guess I'm a Jack of all trades," he explained.

She grinned. "And today you were saving damsels in distress."

Lana enjoyed his laugh and relaxed even more. She absently drank the martini while they discussed non-sensical subjects ranging from farming techniques to the upcoming election. Lana didn't realize when the bartender took her empty glass away, replacing it with a fresh martini. She just continued to sip the drink and relax in this amazing man's company. She laughed and talked and felt pretty under his intense gaze. It was a wonderful feeling, one she hadn't had for several years now. If ever, she thought, a part of her thinking back to the first few dates with Drew. He'd been handsome and charming but she couldn't ever remember feeling this kind of exhilaration. Just talking with Victor was interesting and challenging.

Lana had no idea how long they'd been talking but she realized that it must have been a while when he leaned forward slightly. She was glad when she didn't tense at his closeness, but her heart rate picked up significantly. "So when are you going to tell me the truth about your afternoon?" he asked, both of them leaning forward on the table with their elbows. "I seriously doubt your explanation of a sore foot."

Lana looked at him and laughed. Her whole body was relaxed and she didn't care that it was because of the alcohol. She felt daring and pretty and glamorous in some silly kind of way she didn't care to analyze too carefully. "Not so difficult to determine, hu? Since I'm a pretty awful liar," she said and peeked at him under her lashes. "But I'll tell you simply because you've been so kind although you're going to be horrified." Lana knew it was the alcohol talking but she had been in this man's company for so long, he felt like a handsome new friend.

"I'm intrigued," Victor replied, leaning forward even more. "Beautiful and mysterious. Quite a combination." His dark brown eyes looked down into her soft blue ones and waited patiently, a slight smile on his firm, sexy lips.

Lana twisted the half empty glass with her fingers, relaxed but still unable to believe her rotten luck. Taking a deep breath, she braced herself for his reaction. "I'm a romance writer," she said, almost in a whisper, then glanced up at him to see if he was shocked. When he just waited patiently for her to continue, she gained strength. "And I write the kind without sex scenes."

Suddenly, Victor knew where this was going but he was too interested in her blush to stop her and tell her that he was already aware of her predicament. "I'm guessing that's a problem," he prompted. He couldn't believe how fascinating she was. A woman who hated sex? That seemed disturbing coming from someone so beautiful. He knew of women who weren't particularly interested in sex but could enjoy it when in the right kind of mood. He steered clear of those, preferring the ones that genuinely enjoyed sex, who were bold and sexy and able to ask for what they needed. He wouldn't accept that this woman wasn't one of them.

She grimaced and propped her chin in her hand, her elbow against the table. "Yes. Because no one apparently wants to buy books without sex scenes in them."

He didn't laugh but he could tell that she was waiting for him to do so. Obviously some man had ridiculed her lack of a sex drive and made her embarrassed about who she was deep inside. He felt anger at whoever had done this to her, then stopped himself. He barely knew this woman and he was getting angry on her behalf? It seemed ridiculous, but it was true, regardless. "So, write some sex scenes."

Lana's mouth twisted and her shoulders slumped slightly in defeat. "I can't." She couldn't even hold his gaze when she admitted that awful truth. She wished it were different, that she could simply shed her shell and come out like a butterfly, with wings, and sexuality, altered. But it was no use. Drew had told her over and over again that she was not only not interested in sex, but that she was completely inept when it came to the degrading act.

Victor's eyebrows went up at her adamant declaration. "Why not?"

Taking a deep breath, she spilled out the whole awful truth to this gorgeous man. "Because I hate sex," she explained, leaning forward and almost whispering to him, as if saying it any louder would bring down the building. She even glanced to the right and left to make sure no one else had overheard her admission. Thankfully, the restaurant was still relatively empty so the tables near theirs were empty.

Victor blinked, unable to take in the ferocity of her statement. She was simply too beautiful and sexy for that to be true. It went against the laws of nature in his mind. "Hate sex?" he chuckled. "Is that possible?"

Lana rolled her eyes, amused at his reaction rather than offended. "Of course it's possible."

Victor looked at the beautiful woman and shook his head. "You're going to have to explain that to me because I've never met anyone who hated sex. Some might not appreciate sex, or they might not be particularly good at it, but no one of my acquaintance actually hates it. That's a pretty strong emotion for something so pleasurable."

Lana laughed slightly and nodded. "Believe it. I hate sex. And if I don't like something, I can't write about it."

"Why do you hate sex?" he asked.

Lana shrugged and leaned back, avoiding his eyes now. "Because its boring, painful, inconvenient and messy." She was stunned that she'd actually admitted something so personal and couldn't keep her eyes downcast. She looked back up at him quickly, trying to judge his reaction to her bold statement.

She watched in fascination as his eyes traveled up and down her body. When other men had done that in the past, she'd shrunk away from the look. But with Victor's dark eyes roving over her figure, she felt something different. There was a tingling that started deep in her belly and fluttered outward. She couldn't define it, but it wasn't abhorrent which was a novelty.

"I think you've just been having sex with the wrong men."

"Man," she corrected and glanced back down at the linen tablecloth. "And I don't doubt that you're right but it doesn't matter," she stated firmly.

Victor looked at her askance. "You mean you've only had sex with one man and you're rejecting the whole concept?"

Lana shrugged and took another sip of her martini, really enjoying the harsh concoction now that she'd gotten used to the burning sensation it created each time she took a sip. "It was pretty bad sex."

"And so you've sworn off men forever?" "Basically." She was starting to wish she'd never been so honest. She now felt foolish. Of course this man, who could get any woman he wanted and had probably had sex with a large percentage of the extremely beautiful people of the world, wouldn't understand her abhorrence of the act of sex. He probably liked it just fine. It didn't work for her though.

He eyed her skeptically. "You don't look like the kind of woman who would go her whole life without children."

That brightened her eyes. "Oh, I'd love to have children," she said, then her eyes saddened. "But that's not in the future for me either."

Victor was silent for a long moment, his eyes looking over each of her features. He was quiet for a long time until he finally said, "Divorced?"

Lana was surprised. "Yes, but..."

"And he left you for another woman?"

That hurt. "Yes. How did you know?"

There was no expression on his face as he said, "I can see it in your eyes," he answered. "Don't you think the best revenge is to live better than he is?"

If he'd had even an ounce of pity on his face, she would have broken down and cried, left the restaurant or maybe even slugged him in the arm. Thankfully, his face was impassive which gave her the strength to continue the conversation. She was grateful and relieved. Lana shrugged and sighed. "It would be. And I thought I had things all figured out."

"How so?"

A soft smile formed on her face and a fingernail traced a pattern on the linen tablecloth as she worked through the details in her mind. "When he left me, he said some really horrible things."

"And that made you hate sex?"

Lana laughed softly, shaking her head and unaware of his gaze which watched the silken strands of her hair as they moved across her shoulders with the movement of her head. "No. I'd already hated that before he said anything. In fact, not having to have sex again was one of the good things his leaving did for me. It was a relief." She couldn't believe she was admitting all of this to a relative stranger. Or maybe it made more sense for her to admit it to him. Since he was a stranger, perhaps she could reveal things to him that she'd never tell another soul.

His eyebrow went up again with her statement and she watched in fascination as his eyes surveyed her peculiarly. "Why did you marry a man you didn't like having sex with?" he asked, curiosity overriding his instinct to let her tell the story in her own way.

Lana shrugged again and looked out the window but she didn't see the people as they passed by. She only saw her tear stained face as Drew criticized her sexual performance on their wedding night. It had been horrible and painful and he'd sneered at her as she'd lain in the bed trying to recover from the ordeal. "We didn't have sex before the wedding of course."

"Of course," he repeated as if that were the oddest thing in the world. Shaking his head slightly as if her comment was completely out of the realm of his knowledge, he continued, "Okay, so you didn't like sex, he had an affair and walked out on you. What did he say?"

Lana waved that aside. "It wasn't what he said. He'd already said those things too many times so they were just the words. By the time he was walking out the door, I'd learned to become immune to his accusations. It was afterwards that was really bad."

"What did he do?"

Her hand trembled as she lifted the martini glass to her lips one more time. Liquid courage she thought cynically to herself. "It was what he didn't do."

Victor held his patience as she slowly worked her way to explaining her predicament. "And that was?" he prompted gently when it looked like she wasn't going to answer his question.

She glanced at her hands clenched in her lap, the happy haze she'd been in for the past couple of hours dissipating as she ventured back to that horrible time in her life. "He left me without any support."

Victor swore under his breath. "So you were homeless?"

Lana shivered, but shook her head. "It wasn't quite that bad. He left the apartment to me and went to live with his new girlfriend. But I didn't have any way to support myself; no way to pay the rent or buy food. When we'd gotten married, I'd stayed home and took care of things while he worked. I'd graduated from college right before our wedding but I'd never held a job. Drew had always said he wanted a traditional marriage where he was the bread winner and the wife stayed home and took care of the house and children." She looked out the window, unaware of the hard glint her eyes had taken on as she thought back to those horrible days after he'd left her alone, terrified and confused. "I was stupid and trusting and went along with it, never imagining a time when he would discover I wasn't enough for him."

Her statement infuriated him. He wanted to find the ass who had done this to her and knock him flat. It was one thing if both were working but for him to have asked her to stay home and be a wife, then to leave her without any support, the idea was unconscionable. "First of all, I can only imagine that the guy is an idiot on so many levels but secondly, after only talking with you for one afternoon, I can guarantee that you're enough for any man." His voice was firm and his eyes glared at her, daring her to contradict his emphatic statement. "Besides," he looked at her nice clothes and smiled slightly, "You don't look like you've suffered much."

She smiled and smoothed her wool skirt over her knees. "That's because I immediately got a job. It was a secretarial job which was slow enough that I could write while my boss didn't need me. He was very sweet and encouraged me to write out my dreams. I was published three months after I finished my first book. That was a year ago and I've published three more since then."

His eyes widened slightly. "You're a prolific writer," he said, impressed with how she'd creatively picked herself back up.

She grimaced. "They're potboilers but I love them. They take me out of my world and into a new world where I can make life exactly how I want it to go. No bad men, no horrible endings and everyone is happy when they reach the last page. I hope that my readers think the same thing and find an escape outside of whatever reality is bothering them while they're reading my stories."

He smiled and shook his head. "Sounds unrealistic. There's always a bad guy, or girl and rarely do people find happily ever after. More often, two people can find good enough for the moment."

She laughed at his cynical expression and nodded, immediately understanding his view point. "Spoken like a true mystery novel reader," she challenged.

Victor chuckled back. "Guilty." He leaned forward again. "So far, you've explained the idiot of an ex-husband and an impressive career path. I still don't understand the problem."

She sighed and put her chin in her hand which was propped up by her elbow on the table. "My editor wants me to add sex scenes to my stories." She grimaced and looked up at him, trying to gauge his reaction to her awful statement.

"Are you morally opposed to writing sex scenes?" He knew the policy well, since he'd established it and even announced it to his executive team only last week once the takeover had been announced.

Lana thought about that for a moment. "No. Not at all as long as the scenes enhance the story and help the plot."

"But you can't write about something you don't believe."

"Exactly." She was impressed that he'd grasped the situation so easily. No one of her acquaintance would have put the pieces together so quickly. Weren't gorgeous men supposed to be stupid as well? This man sitting in front of her definitely broke all the rules, she sighed.

"Well then find another lover and learn to like sex."

That made her laugh out loud. "That's not my style," she answered and pushed her now-empty glass away. "I really should get back home. I have to figure out what I'm going to do for a career now."

Victor stood up with her, tossing several bills down onto the table to cover the tab. "I'll drive you home," he said and steadied her with his hands at her waist when she swayed.

Lana had had no idea how potent the drinks had been until she stood and couldn't seem to get a good grip on the room. Everything seemed a little off center. "Goodness!" she laughed lightly. "I guess I can't really handle martinis very well, can I?"

He smiled down into her tipsy face, amused at her surprised expression. "You handled them just fine. Come along," he said.

He put a hand to her back and led her out of the relatively empty restaurant. Since it was mid-week, there would only be a few small groups of people stopping by for happy hour cocktails. More than likely, the restaurant would fill up with high powered executives on power dinners. Or did they only have power lunches, she wondered. She had no idea how to gain or maintain power, so she simply enjoyed the feeling of Victor's hand at her back, the heat spreading through her body that had nothing to do with alcohol and the bubbly feeling inside her tummy was excitement, a feeling so new, she almost had trouble identifying it.

It was late afternoon by now and the autumn air was starting to cool down significantly. She pulled her sweater closer around her, not having a coat since she'd been assuming she'd be home well before the afternoon sunshine had faded.

"Cold?" he asked and pulled his soft cashmere coat off to wrap around her shoulders.

She looked at the expensive coat, immediately engulfing her in warmth but couldn't accept it from him. "No, you'll be cold now," she said and tried to shrug the coat off her shoulders and hand it back to him.

Victor laid both his hands on her shoulders, effectively stopping her from taking the coat off. "Hold on to it for just a moment," he said and guided her forward. "You look sexy as hell in my jacket," he said and winked before pulling open the door to a long limousine for her.

Lana stared at the splendid car and stepped back. She was suddenly intimidated by this obvious sign of wealth. The thought of getting into that gleaming car terrified her suddenly. "Thank you but there's no need to drive me home. I can catch a cab. We're probably heading in opposite directions." She didn't want to admit, even to herself, that she was intimidated by this latest example of his wealth. She preferred to think of this dynamic, amazing man as more on her level. Him being wealthy only put him out of her league. Not that she would do anything about her attraction to him anyway, but it was nice to dream.

He wouldn't allow her to step back from the curb. His hands held onto her waist and he moved in slightly as he shook his head. "I can guarantee that we're not. Get in. I won't take no for an answer. I don't get a beautiful woman tipsy and then leave her to the potentially cruel New York City streets and subways. It isn't safe."

Lana couldn't argue with that. She really was feeling the effects of the drinks since she couldn't find a coherent argument against getting into the car besides being intimidated by this kind of wealth and not wanting to inconvenience him. Besides, she wanted to spend as much time with this man as possible. He made her feel pretty and she could have sworn he just said she looked sexy. She liked that. No man had ever told her she looked sexy. What a novel experience.

She stepped into the back of the limousine and immediately handed his jacket back to him, smiling with her gratitude. He took it and tossed it to one of the seats in front of them and turned to face her.

"I have a proposition for you," he said and waited until he had her full attention once again.

Lana felt giddy being this close to him. Her body tingled and she felt those fluttery things in her stomach once more. She thought it was the equivalent of being inside a bottle of champagne.

"What's that?" she asked, her eyes dropping to his lips, wondering what it would be like to kiss him. Her cheeks heated and she forced her eyes to look at his, not wanting him to know what she'd been thinking. It was too embarrassing.

"Let me show you that sex can be great," he said.

Lana gasped, and leaned back a few inches against the soft leather seat of the limousine. "Excuse me?" she asked, needing to hear his words again, sure she hadn't heard them correctly.

He watched her expressions closely as he went into more detail. "Let me teach you about sex, Lana. I think you'll enjoy it much more with an experienced lover."

Lana's mouth dropped open. "You're serious?" Surely this was a dream and he hadn't just offered his services as tutor. Right?

Victor's smile was one of absolute sensuality - if that could ever be applied to a man. "Of course I am. I think you're gorgeous and all afternoon, I've been trying to figure out how to get you into my bed. This seems like a win-win situation," he teased.

She blushed painfully at his comment even though her heart was about to burst from the speed at which it was racing. "You want me in your bed?" She couldn't believe that. It was too wonderful. "Even after all I've told you?" Impossible.

One dark eyebrow went up with her question. "Do you doubt it?"

She snapped her mouth closed and looked away from the amusement she saw lurking in his eyes. "Frankly, yes. Why would you want me in your bed?"

Victor put a finger under her chin, gently raising her face so she was looking at him again. "Because you're beautiful and sexy as hell," he repeated. He pulled a card out of his wallet and wrote something on the back. "Here's my private cell phone number. Think about it tonight and call me tomorrow." They were already at her apartment and he stepped out, then reached in to offer her a hand.

Lana took the card and stared at his name. Victor Davenport. She didn't know him and yet her hand was still in his large, warm one and he'd just offered to become her lover. What a strange series of events, she thought. She knew her mind was wrapping around details that were superfluous but she couldn't help it. She just couldn't accept and absorb his offer. It was just too bizarre.

Taking a deep breath, she looked up from his card to examine his features, noting the confidence and arrogance, the hard jaw line and cheekbones that should have been on a male model. But there was a gentleness there as well. And admiration? For her?

Ridiculous. A man as obviously successful as this one wouldn't find much to admire in a person like her. "I don't think..." she started to say and tried to hand him back his card.

Victor refused to take the card back. He took her hand and folded her slender fingers around the white velum. "Don't reject the idea immediately. At least think about it. And let me know tomorrow. Call me," he said and leaned down, letting his lips brush hers gently. He didn't stop at a small, simple kiss though. His mouth brushed against hers, then his tongue darted out and tasted her lower lip. A moment later, he sucked her lip into his mouth, before gently covering her mouth once again.

The tingling that had started in her stomach from his initial suggestion, flared out, speeding electric currents all through her body. Her fingers gently touched his shoulder, careful not to put too much pressure there, lest he know she was doing it.

Lana was so surprised by the heat that rushed through her when she felt his lips, she forgot to pull back. In fact, her body swayed towards his, wanting to feel the touch once again, to see if it was real or not.

He pulled back and looked down into her surprised face. What he saw there must have pleased him because he grinned, then pulled her imperceptively closer.

He kissed her once again, just another fluttery kiss and nothing that would frighten her in any way, then pulled back to look at her features, enjoying the flushed cheeks and suddenly glazed eyes. "Call me tomorrow and let me teach you about all the things you've only imagined," he said, his voice husky as he held her arms with his hands. His body was tantalizingly close but the inches were enticing.

A moment later, he was gone, disappearing into the black limousine which glided smoothly away from the curb, then turned the corner. When Lana couldn't see him any more, she sighed and walked into her building. She checked her mail box and threw out all the junk mail, climbed the three flights of stairs to her small, but cozy apartment and decided the plants needed water. Then the carpets needed to be vacuumed, the dishes washed, dried and put away, clothes to iron and hang up. It was midnight when she finally looked down at her hand, seeing the card that she'd never put down. Chapter 3

Lana sat down on the edge of her bed and shivered, still staring at the card as if it had a life of its own. What would it be like to be held by those strong arms? To feel his fingers touching her bare skin? The memory of his hands against her back flitted through her mind, teasing her, making her think other thoughts.

She shook the idea away. There was no way she could do anything so crazy as to become someone's lover, just so she could write about sex in her stories. That was ridiculous. Especially a stranger she'd just met a few hours ago.

Standing up, she placed the card on her bedside table and forced herself to walk away. She brushed her teeth, staring at the card the whole time. She washed her face, then quickly dried it off so she could look at the card once again.

It was almost like the card were the man and had a force all its own, powerful, domineering, and demanding all of her attention. Was she magnetized to the card? Was there some sort of spell he'd put on the card that drew her constantly to the expensive scrap of paper? That was ridiculous, she thought as she pulled on a cotton nightgown, tying the bow at the neck, then slipping into bed. The city lights filtered through her blinds and allowed her to see the shape of the card, if not the actual words and she stared at it in the dark.

Her nightgown, which suddenly became cumbersome. she was feeling now. The business card seemed to mock her, laughing at how prim her night attire seemed.

on previous nights had been soft and comfortable, The pink bow on the neckline was too demure for how

At midnight, tired of feeling overheated and wishing the soft cotton wouldn't scratch her body so much, she considered taking it off and simply sleeping in the nude. The idea instantly flared her sense of adventure, but then her eyes caught the white of the card and her fingers clenched in a desperate need to make a decision.

It was almost as if leaving the night gown on meant she wouldn't call while tossing it to the floor would indicate a spirit that would be brave enough to make the phone call.

Lana sat up in bed, biting her lower lip in indecision. She wanted to be that woman, she told herself. She wanted to start feeling things that she only imagined in her mind. She wanted to think and feel and act like a woman who had a sexuality that could rival that of other women, women who could act out and grab at the things she herself desperately wanted.

Bunching the fabric up, she forced her hands to pull it up and over her head. Tossing it to the floor felt as if she'd taken a major step in her life. Then, laying back onto the cool sheets of her bed, her head automatically turned to look at the card and deep inside, she felt a sense of something she couldn't really define but she knew she was going to call him and accept his offer.

By two o'clock in the morning, she'd rejected the idea and pulled her nightgown back over hear head, huddling under the sheets in shame. In disgust, she turned over in her bed, leaving her back to the card. When three o'clock came around and she hadn't been able to close her eyes once, she sat up and looked at the darkened room. It must have been exhaustion, or an overwhelming tide of frustration and that other undefined emotion that swelled through her body. But the night had a way of obliterating common sense. Why couldn't she have sex with him? Why not satisfy her curiosity? What harm could there be in giving in to the temptation to accept his kisses? And more? She wasn't exactly sure she could do the "more" but she was definitely tempted to try.

She shivered, remembering the "more" she'd experienced with Drew. She'd hated it. But she'd never felt so much from a kiss as she had when Victor had touched his mouth to hers. She'd never had that glorious tingling excitement that dared her to touch back. Drew's kisses had been pleasant in the beginning, and cruel, almost punishing toward the end. But at no time had his touch, his mere presence, caused her so much excitement.

Worst case, it would be just as horrible as it had been with Drew and she'd be right back where she was now. But what if it wasn't horrible? What if it was nice?

Looking out the window, seeing the headlights from the traffic below form moving shadows across her bedroom, she thought about all the stories she'd heard about sex, the delights that others experienced but which had so far passed her by. What if she could feel what others felt? What if....

No, she thought as she punched the pillow and laid back down. Drew had been right. She was frigid and wouldn't ever be very good in bed. Why risk that kind of humiliation over something that she'd been living without for years? A lifetime. And been completely content at not having?

Besides, one didn't miss what one had never experienced, right?

By dawn, she was too tired to think about it any longer and was grateful when sleep finally overcame her. In the turmoil of her indecision, she'd forgotten to turn on her alarm clock the previous night so it was almost lunch time when she woke up.

Her first thought when her eyes focused was how she needed to revise her present couple's first kiss in the story. She didn't even bother with her normal morning routine of showering and dressing in neat slacks but simply moved to her comfortable den area in her white night gown. She rushed to her computer and sat down, turning it on and then scrolling to the area where her hero and heroine meet initially. It was there that she found their kiss and added more texture, feelings, more heat. It took her about three hours, but when she finally pressed the save button again, she knew that the scene was much better. More alive and thrilling.

Leaning back in her work chair, she blinked at the bright afternoon sunshine. Looking around at her apartment, she realized with surprise that she was still in her pajamas. "Goodness!" she gasped and stood up to get into the shower. Since she didn't have an external schedule like others where they had to report to work at a specific time, eat lunch and come home, she'd forced a schedule upon herself to make sure she lived within a disciplined regimen. It helped her to write and concentrate, knowing when she was supposed to work and when she needed to stop. Some people might find her daily schedule a little out of the ordinary for a writer, but it added structure and comfort to her day.

Every morning, she'd shower and dress just as if she were going to an office. After a brief breakfast of coffee and toast or cereal, she'd then work for four hours, have a light lunch, then work another four hours on her manuscripts. Victor had said she was a prolific writer yesterday but she attributed that to her work schedule, knowing how easily she could let small errands get in the way of her writing if she wasn't careful and routine.

As she lathered her hair under the warm spray of the shower, she thought about how the small kiss from Victor had completely changed the story line. The first meeting was now different, and even the characters were different, more three dimensional. She could see them more clearly in her mind's eye and hopefully the readers would be able to see them more effortlessly while reading the story. It was almost like they were in her head, standing in the places where she'd left them in the book. They were waiting for their next lines! When she realized this, she hurried through her shower, dried off and pulled on a pair of stretch pants and an old shirt, eager to get back to the story so her characters could continue their journey.

She worked until it was dark outside. amazed at how much better the text was. accomplishment, of knowing that her words were invoking the feelings, the picture and scene she had in her mind for the reader. She'd never felt so satisfied when writing before and she was eager to do more, but she held back, wanting to read through the scenes once again and make sure they were heading in the right direction.

As she looked back at her edits, Lana was

She loved this feeling of success and

Victor! The thought of him waiting for her call made her stand up out of her chair quickly. But then she shook her head, knowing how silly she was being. Victor wasn't the kind of man who would be waiting by a phone, anticipating when a woman would call. No, more likely, he was in a meeting, their kiss from the day before which had driven her to a higher standard of writing, had most likely been forgotten from his mind the moment he pulled away from the curb last night.

Regardless, she'd promised to call him and she'd been so absorbed in her writing, that she'd blocked out the task. She had to get in contact with him. If she were honest with herself, she'd acknowledge that she'd been procrastinating, afraid of the final moment when she'd have to make a decision.

But now, looking at the text to her manuscript which almost jumped off the computer at her, she knew that, at a minimum, she had to thank him for the kiss, which had worked wonders for her today.

Smiling, Lana raced to her bedroom and grabbed his card, excited about telling him of her story line.

Chapter 4

Victor snapped at his secretary, giving her instructions on the contract which he thought she should already know by this point in her employment with him, then stormed into his office. He'd been in a fowl mood all day long and his staff had born the brunt of his moodiness. It was unlike him to let his frustration show, which only irritated him further. He was the iceman, he reminded himself. He never let anything intrude on business. So why was he unable to focus on work and get his mind in gear?

Cursing at the file he couldn't concentrate on, he slapped it across the coffee table in his office and glared at the phone. This was completely unacceptable, he told himself. He was known in the business world as a shark. He never allowed emotions to rule him in business or even his personal life. He kept everything in check, knowing that others would use his emotions against him if they could read anything on his face. He used that tool against his adversaries so he knew how powerful it could be. One crack, one telltale emotion, and he knew he'd won the battle.

And now, one small, slender woman was driving him crazy with the need for an answer. Walking over to his desk, he stared out the window, more frustrated than he'd ever felt in his life.

Taking a deep breath, he rubbed his face in an effort to gain a little perspective. She was only a woman, no matter how soft and pretty she had felt in his arms. And just because her lips had haunted his dreams last night, didn't give him any reason to be this out of control. She was a woman, just like all the others and he could easily find another that would suit just as well.

He'd been telling himself that all day and so far, it hadn't worked. Victor stared grimly at the work piling up on his desk and wondered how she'd twisted him into a frustrated knot with just that one, simple kiss. And several gut-punch smiles. And the cutest butt and sexiest legs he'd ever seen.

Damn her! Why hadn't she called?

He looked at the phone on his desk for the hundredth time, wondering what she was doing.

She wasn't going to call. It was already well past five o'clock and if she were going to follow through on his suggestion last night, she would have called earlier. With a frustrated sigh, he sifted through the files on his desk, wondering why he cared so much. It wasn't disappointment he felt, he told himself as he tried to concentrate on a suggested merger. It was only that he was interested, curious, in her and her plight. So what if she had the best figure he'd ever seen on a woman? And the loveliest eyes? And lips a man could kill for, he thought for the millionth time.

Dammit! Every time he started thinking of her and how he should just walk away and forget about her, an image of her lush, sexy body popped up in his mind. There were so many women out there, he could find a replacement easily. He should just end this silly wait and call up one of those women who would love to be on his arm tonight.

The phone on his desk rang and he smacked the contract down on the other papers, irritated that he hadn't absorbed a single detail. "Yes!" he snapped into the phone, distracted and irritated as he looked outside and saw the darkened sky.

Lana hesitated, hearing his irritated voice. "I'm sorry. Is this not a good time?" she asked, terrified of what she was about to do and grabbing at any excuse she could to back out of her decision. He sounded angry and that was as good an excuse as any to terminate the call, she thought nervously.

A deep chuckle came from somewhere deep down in his chest, and his mood instantly lightened now that she was talking to him. "Lana, don't you dare hang up this phone," Victor said, amusement and relief ringing in his voice. Leaning back in his desk, his mind started imagining what she probably looked like right at this moment. He could see in his mind's eye her pretty white teeth nibbling nervously at her full, lower lip and his body hardened. Painfully. He knew all the things he wanted to do with those lips, one of which was nibbling on the lower lip with his own teeth. A feral smile tightened his face which would have terrified her if she'd been in the room with him instead of on the phone.

With a silent groan, he pushed that image aside and focused on the conversation. Getting her to meet him was not a foregone conclusion, if the nervous tone of her voice was any indication. It would take all his negotiating skills to bring her around to his way of thinking. But failure was not in his vocabulary.

"It's about time you called. What are you doing?" he asked, leaning back in his chair and looking at the ceiling. Relief was pumping through him and he didn't want to analyze any of the other feelings. The room was quiet and there was nothing but white on the ceiling. But in his mind's eye, he was thinking of all the different things he was going to teach her now that she'd finally given in to her curiosity.

Lana hesitated, biting her lip. "I'm standing in the middle of my living room wondering why I'm calling you."

He laughed softly, enjoying the fluttery sound of her voice, the feminine tone that told him she was beautiful, even through the phone. "I think we both know the answer to that."

She didn't return the laughter. "No. Honestly, I'm not sure what I'm doing."

"You're satisfying your curiosity. And now that you've made the call, I'll make the rest easier for you. What are you doing tomorrow night?" he asked.

Lana took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "Nothing." She gripped the phone more tightly as a shiver of both fear and excitement traveled up her body, ending in the pit of her stomach and creating a heat wave of desire, pooling somewhere low. She'd committed herself now, she thought worriedly. She couldn't back down.

"Good. I'll send a car around to pick you up at seven o'clock."

Lana could hear the satisfaction through her phone line and had to smile. Victor was certainly a dominating kind of man. If anyone could get her through this silliness that had gripped her for most of her life, Victor could do it. "Okay. What should I wear?"

She heard the deep chuckle before he said, "I can honestly say that what you wear won't make any difference in tomorrow's events."

Lana swallowed painfully. "Are you sure it won't be...." She couldn't finish the sentence. Memories of slipping into bed with Drew, of the horrible thoughts that had filtered through her mind and the instantaneous need to put some space between her and her ex-husband flitted through her consciousness. She hated that Drew could influence her this way, even after all this time.

Instantly all the amusement was gone from his voice. His tone now was soft and reassuring, deep and masculine and definitely filled with a confidence she obviously didn't share. "Don't worry about anything. I'll see you tomorrow night."

Lana smiled and hung up the phone. Her heart was beating frantically and she wasn't sure she could make it another twenty four hours before seeing him again. She still wasn't looking forward to the sex part but she couldn't deny how alive she felt when she was around him. If he could at least help her to feel that once again, then she could add that into her stories and make her characters more alive. That would be worth a lot, she told herself.

And if he could kiss her like he had yesterday, well, then that would just make her dizzy, she thought and actually skipped to her bedroom to put the cordless phone back in its cradle.

Chapter 5

Twenty-four hours later, she wasn't feeling as giddy. She felt horrible. Her stomach was twisting around in knots and every muscle in her body told her to turn around and run away, maybe even hide but she had no idea where she would hide. Her closet seemed ridiculous but she was so nervous that she wouldn't put anything past her at this point. She thought of several other places she could go to hide. She could just leave her apartment, go to the mall, window shopping, a coffee shop, a friend's house. Anywhere that might put her out of sight and out of the hands of humiliation that were sure to grip her as soon as Victor took her into his arms.

As soon as she'd woken up this morning, her mind had screamed at her to call him up and cancel. When consciousness demanded that she face her fears, her heart wanted nothing more than to stay under the covers and pretend like the day wasn't going to happen, that she wasn't committed to something awful and terrifying and horrendously embarrassing. She'd slept with her nightgown on the whole night, not even daring to take it off and feel that crazy sense of abandonment she'd felt the previous night when she'd lain in her bed nude for parts of the night as she battled with the decision.

Lana forced herself to get out of bed and shower, eat breakfast despite the fact that she had no appetite and her cereal tasted like sawdust. She sat at her computer, wishing she could write something, anything, to get her mind off of the evening ahead, but her fingers couldn't type the words because her mind refused to budge from the dread of facing her worst fears.

As she made herself a sandwich for lunch, she tried to become philosophical about the issue. Was sex really her worst fear? She hated spiders, but since she lived in New York City, high up in an apartment building, she didn't run into many spiders. And public speaking wasn't on her agenda very often, but she hadn't enjoyed the experience too much when she'd had to present reports in school. So yes, she thought as she abandoned her half sandwich to the trash bin, sex was her current worst fear, but she allowed that there could be others in the future that would take its place in the queue.

At least ten times during that day, she'd picked up the phone intending to cancel their rendezvous. And ten times, she'd replaced the phone, fearing what his reaction would be. She was being a coward, she knew but she couldn't help it.

What if Drew was right? What if she was frigid and no man could really turn her on? What if she saw Victor tonight and he kissed her and touched her and she hated it just as much as when Drew had kissed or touched her? Just because he'd kissed her once and it had been interesting, well, thrilling she admitted, who was to say that those feelings would come back? And she'd disappoint yet another man.

Her fingers shook as she showered once again, preparing for her meeting with Victor. She shampooed her hair and dried it so it fell in a soft cloud around her shoulders, the ends curling slightly. She limited her makeup to concealer to hide the dark circles created from a lack of sleep two nights in a row, powder, mascara and lipstick. Looking in the mirror at her reflection, she knew that her eyes were too revealing. Victor would take one look at the terror lurking there and would know what she was thinking.

Sighing, she turned away from the mirror. She couldn't hide her terror and maybe it was better that he understand her state of mind. If he thought she was more blase about this adventure, then he might take things too quickly, more quickly than she was able to handle and that would only lead to failure.

Walking across her bedroom, she faced her next dilemma; what to wear. She tried on several dresses but in the end, she decided on a simple black, wrap around dress that hugged her figure and gave her a small amount of confidence. The deep V of the neckline helped her feel pretty and sexy, even though her stomach felt as if it were going to leap out of her body at any moment.

Or maybe the dress was too sexy? Turning to look at herself, her fingers fiddled with the neckline. Maybe he'd take one look at her and think she was ready for anything. That would be horrible because even though she'd agreed to dinner with him, she still wanted the opportunity to back out if things became too painful. And she didn't want to tease him, she thought.

Just as she made the decision to change into a more conservative dress, the knock on her door told her that her time was up. She had two choices. She could open the door and go with the driver to meet Victor and find out if he could show her something different. Or she could send the driver away and hide here, never know if she could be missing something wonderful, something exciting and adventurous. A little voice inside her assured her that any time spent with Victor would be extraordinary and she should push her fears away until she was sure there was something horrible on the horizon. Borrowing trouble and worries only led to a boring life.

Although, if she went with the driver, she could be humiliated beyond anything she'd ever experienced before. Drew wasn't nearly as devastatingly handsome as Victor. Victor was a man's man and seemed to thrive on challenges and overcoming obstacles. Why, she thought that after one afternoon in his company, she didn't know but instinct told her it was true. And if he was demanding, what would he think of her if she couldn't perform up to his standards? Would he reject her? Taunt her as Drew had done?

But she could also find out something wonderful. Victor's kiss from the other night had certainly stirred something within her that she hadn't realized was in her capabilities.

Another knock sounded at her door and she jumped, startled at the sound when her mind was working a mile a minute to figure out what to do.

Taking a deep breath, she opened the door, still not sure what she was going to tell the driver. Her strappy shoes were dangling in her fingers as her hand shakily opened the door.

Chapter 6

Instead of a cab driver or uniformed driver, she saw Victor himself, holding a huge bouquet of red roses. "I thought you'd never answer the door," he said a moment before he walked into her apartment. He tossed the flowers down onto her kitchen counter, then took her into his arms and kissed her, one hand sliding into her hair and holding her head, the other wrapping around her waist, gently bringing her body close against his.

The kiss was wonderful, sweet and gentle but at the same time, made her stomach tighten with expectation and yearning. When he started to pull away, he came back to her, pulling her soft body more firmly against his hard one, leaving no space between them from her shoulders to her knees but she didn't mind. She loved the excitement that stirred inside her, making her feel pretty and wild and wonderful. She wanted the feelings to never end. This kind of exhilaration banished all of her worries. She couldn't think, couldn't dread the night and the inevitable events. All she could do was follow his lead and enjoy the thrilling shivers that raced through her body as his hand stroked her side.

He lifted his head and looked down at her. "You were about to change your mind, weren't you?" he said, his voice husky as his dark blue eyes looked down at her.

She wanted to deny it but couldn't lie when his intense gaze was boring into her mind. "Yes," she finally admitted.

Something fierce burned in his eyes and she shivered slightly. Then it was gone and he was in control again. "Come along," he said, taking her hand and pulling her out the door.

Lana quickly slipped her shoes on her feet, then grabbed her coat before following him out of her apartment. "What about the flowers?" she asked, suddenly terrified now that he was here and larger than she remembered him from the day before.

He took her hands, shaking his head. "Don't worry about the flowers," he said calmly and gently led her out the door, shutting it firmly behind them. "I'll buy you more if those wilt. I want you where I can convince you that everything is going to be perfect."

Twenty minutes later, Victor was ushering her into the most beautiful penthouse apartment she'd ever seen in her life. It was enormous and looked down onto Central Park and out onto the New York City skyline beyond. She saw all the buildings lit up in the distance and gasped with awe. "This is amazing," she whispered, unaware that he was pulling her coat off of her shoulders and handing it to the butler who had magically appeared at their side.

She looked around and shivered. This was not an apartment, she realized, seeing the stairs off to one side of the enormous living room. Out one of the doors was a courtyard filled with trees and grass and an area larger than most people's yards. Good grief, was that a swimming pool out there?

"Do you swim during the summer?" she asked, blinking at all the luxury around her, unable to take it all in.

"I swim all year round."

That was definitely out of her realm of experience. She couldn't imagine what it would be like to swim whenever one wanted to. Swimming in the city for ordinary folks meant heading to one of the recreational centers or YMCAs that were scattered about the city. Private pools were reserved for houses that were located out in the suburbs and even then, they were prohibitively expensive. And swimming in the winter? She shivered, looking at the corner of the pool visible from her current vantage point. It didn't look very warm right now. "Doesn't it get cold in the winter?" she asked, curious and fascinated at the same time.

He smiled at her horrified expression. "The water is heated during the spring and fall so its pretty comfortable right now. But when it gets too cold to get in and out of during the winter, there are walls that go up and it becomes and indoor pool. Want to go swimming?"

That kind of news was definitely something she didn't want to hear about. What did he do that he could afford this kind of luxury? She took an involuntary step backwards, shaking her head. "I didn't bring a suit."

He chuckled a moment before his hands came to rest on her shoulders. "I don't think you'll need a suit if you go swimming with me."

Lana shivered and turned to look up at him, her eyes wide with fascination and embarrassment. She couldn't respond and he seemed to sense her discomfiture and took pity on her. Chuckling, he let his hands slide down her arms. "Don't be afraid, Lana. I promise, you'll enjoy everything we do together. And we'll take things as slowly as you need." He stepped away from her and walked into the huge living room. "How about a glass of wine?" he asked, standing beside an elaborate bar.

"Um...that would be nice," she said, biting her lower lip as fear started to increase. Now that she was here, she wasn't sure this was such a good idea. Perhaps Victor was too sexual for her? Maybe he would become impatient with her fears and would get irritated with her.

"Tell me about your day," he said, handing her a glass of red wine, indicating that she should take a seat on the sofa. He went back behind the bar and made himself a drink, watching her.

Lana took a sip while standing in the middle of the room, then in an effort to appear calm and sophisticated, she walked around the room, admiring the incredible art. "I had a pretty unproductive day," she finally said, but didn't go into any details. How could she admit to this man who exuded confidence and purpose that she'd been unable to concentrate due to her fears about meeting with him?

She stopped at one picture in particular that she liked. It looked oddly familiar but she wasn't sure why. Then it hit her. Turning, she looked across the room at him. "This is a beautiful replica of Van Gogh. Where did you get it?"

Victor smiled as he tossed ice cubes into his glass. Picking up the bourbon, he walked over to where she was standing, trying to pretend this was easy for her and took her purse off her shoulder, placing it on the coffee table behind her. "It's not a reproduction," he finally said and stood there admiring it.

Lana swallowed painfully. "Oh." She couldn't think of anything else to say, being so far removed from a world where people could casually purchase art work for millions of dollars. The piece wasn't even the center of the room. There was a large oil painting over the mantle. She didn't even go close, afraid to find out who the painter was on that one.

"You're too nervous," he said softly beside her. "Why don't you sit down and relax. All we'll do tonight is talk unless you want something else to happen. Okay?"

Lana let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding and smiled gratefully up at his handsome face. "That would be nice," she finally said, relief showing all over her features.

He ran a finger down her cheek and smiled gently down at her. "You just have to promise me one thing," he said and took her hand to lead her back to the sofa.

"What's that?" she asked, reassured and positive she could respond appropriately. Now that he'd reassured her that she could back out of the sex part without him being angry, she felt much, much better.

"Just let me kiss you once, right now so we can get that out of the way."

Lana blinked and her heart rate spiraled. She could feel her breath catch in her throat and tried to take a deep breath, to ease the tension. But it was impossible. She looked up at him, at his dark eyes that seemed to be able to see into her soul. What she saw there was only slightly reassuring, while at the same time, it excited her beyond belief. "You just want to kiss me?"

"Yes," he replied, taking her glass of wine out of her hands and placing it on the coffee table beside her purse. "If we can just get that out of the way, I think you're nervousness will disappear. My housekeeper has made an excellent meal and I want you to enjoy it. You won't taste anything if you're this tense so..."

A moment later, his lips were touching hers. It wasn't hard or demanding. His lips were firm and caressed hers gently, nibbling at her lower lip and just teasing hers until she responded.

With a gentle sigh, Lana lifted her face towards his more. "I'm not really sure what to do. I didn't like kissing..."

He placed a finger over her mouth. "Don't bring up the past. It's gone. If you don't know what to do, just do whatever I do, or use your imagination and try something different. I can't imagine anything you do with that mouth that I wouldn't like," he said, laughing softly as she blushed.

He didn't let her say anything else, but pressed his mouth against hers once again, just as gently but he took her hands and placed them on his chest, flattening the palms against his shirt, then placing his own hands on her waist. He didn't pull her closer, but allowed his lips to brush back and forth against her lips, his teeth nibbling, teasing.

Lana followed his instructions, her mouth moving slowly, testing to see what would happen, how he reacted. When she moved her mouth, she felt his heart beat under her hands accelerate slightly. She kissed him back with a little more enthusiasm, moving her lips and when she dared to nibble his lip as he'd done to her, his response was to pull her closer. She liked that a lot. The feeling of his hard length against hers made her tremble and his hands, which had been calmly at her waist, were now moving slightly up against her waist, just as he'd done back in her apartment and the movement again made her tremble as desire spiraled within her.

He deepened the kiss, his mouth covering hers, his tongue touching her lips. Lana opened her mouth slightly and all thought of imitating him went out the door. In fact, all thoughts completely fled her and she moved closer, his tongue moving inside, his mouth kissing her as if there were no tomorrow and Lana couldn't care less if there weren't. All she wanted was for him to continue kissing her, the desire boiling inside to a level she'd never known before. Unbeknownst to her mind, her hands had moved up and her fingers dove into his hair, her body arched against his and she pulled him down so she could feel more of him against her.

Victor wanted to take it slowly, but with her soft curves pressed against him and her mouth moving against his, doing everything he did to her back at him, he was having a hard time maintaining control. When she started those sweet, sexy little sounds in the back of her throat, he almost lost it and he had to pull away or carry her into his bedroom to make love to her.

He saw her surprised expression and was quick to diffuse her anxiety. "If we don't stop now, I don't think I'll be able to and I want you to enjoy the whole evening," he said softly, bending to gently kiss her lips once again.

"Oh!" Lana gasped and quickly stepped back, looking around as if she weren't really sure where she was.

Victor smothered a smile at her disorientation. He liked that about her. She couldn't deny her reaction, nor did she really understand it. Realizing how far gone she was didn't help his painful erection though. He grimaced as the throbbing increased. Knowing he had to slow things down, he forced his mind to switch gears. "Are you hungry?" he asked, handing her drink back to her. "I thought we could eat out on the terrace. I know its early fall right now but the terrace is blocked from the wind so its pretty comfortable out there."

Lana smiled, relieved that he wasn't going to suggest they jump from here right into his bedroom. "That sounds lovely." She hoped he didn't notice her shaking fingers or the blush that she was sure had reddened her cheeks. She wasn't sure what had happened a few minutes ago, but she definitely liked the experience. It wasn't anything like kissing Drew which had been more of an effort than anything else.

They dined on perfectly grilled salmon and rice pilaf with a savory butter sauce and white wine. While eating, Victor wouldn't let her become self-conscious. He engaged her in conversation that relaxed her, made her laugh and even challenged her mind to keep up with him. Sometimes his arguments actually changed her mind which she found thrilling. Drew had never really argued with her, simply telling her how to vote, what meal she'd prefer at restaurants, what furniture they should purchase. It was nice to be able to talk with someone who didn't end every conversation with, "You don't know all the facts so stop talking!"

"Come, let me show you the terrace. The view is perfect from up here. You can see all the way across Central Park," he said when Beverly, the housekeeper and cook, took their plates away and disappeared somewhere in the huge penthouse.

Lana took his hand readily this time, only a little nervous now that the dinner was finished and food wasn't in the way. Would he pull her into the bedroom and shove her down onto the bed? Looking up at his handsome face, she knew he wouldn't. And it gave her courage to walk with him to the side of the terrace and look out onto the city. Over here, one really could see farther and the lights were spectacular. With all the pollution and lights, one couldn't see many of the stars which was sad in a way. But the skyline was no less dramatic for the lack of stars. The lights from the buildings and streets helped with the romantic atmosphere and Lana just noticed the soft, classical music in the background.

She looked out and sighed with contentment, sipping her second glass of wine and feeling very relaxed. Looking up at his handsome profile, she felt a warm glow form inside her. Victor was very nice, she thought. Actually, she didn't think he'd appreciate that adjective but she couldn't help it. He was extremely nice and she felt herself warming inside at the thought of him touching her, kissing her.

So different from...no! She wasn't going to think about him anymore. Drew was in her past. Victor might not be a part of her future but he was part of her here and now. It was time for her to embrace the current and enjoy everything that she could get her hands on. And she definitely wanted her hands on Victor. And his hands on her, she admitted.

He must have felt her looking at him since he looked down. He didn't smile as he bent to kiss her and Lana didn't hesitate this time. Her fingers were shaking but it was with a different emotion now. She was still nervous, but excitement and desire were overriding her fear now.

As his lips moved over hers and his tongue asked for and was granted entry, Lana realized that she desperately wanted more. She was pretty sure she didn't want the entire sexual act tonight but she definitely liked this. His hands on her waist made her shiver and she stepped forward, wanting to feel him against her just as she had earlier in the evening.

Just as it had hours ago, her body had a mind of its own when it came to kissing Victor. He was wonderful and she couldn't think with his hands on her and his strong, muscular body against hers. When his hands slid up her back, she arched against him, shivering in delight and Victor caught her gasp of surprise against his mouth.

While his mouth continued its magic, she felt dizzy as he pushed her back against the wall of the terrace but couldn't form a thought to figure out what was happening. But then she felt his leg move between hers and her head fell back against his arm. Lana felt as if she'd been running a race and her breathing was frantic. She couldn't think, couldn't breathe, couldn't stop him even if she wanted to which she didn't. There were no thoughts of Drew, no fear of the pain or humiliation. Just a desperate need to feel more, to discover more.

Victor wanted to go slowly, let her feel all of what she could possibly feel. But her body was so responsive he had a hard time slowing down. He was afraid to go too quickly for fear that she would become frightened.

He groaned as he pulled away, but he kept her body close against his. "Lana, if you don't help me, I won't be able to go slowly," he growled against her neck, the sweet scent of her hair teasing his nostrils. His hand moved higher along her rip cage, settling just under her breast. He wanted to test the waters, see if she would cry out with fear when he touched her perfect breasts but just the opposite happened. When he didn't move higher, her body shifted so that his hand covered her right breast. She did cry out at that point and Victor immediately removed his hand, looking down into her face which was thankfully still smoldering with the desire he was also feeling. "Did I hurt you?" he asked, trying to clear his mind so he could think.

In response, she lifted her hand from his shoulder and took his wrist, placing his hand back over her breast. Immediately, her eyes closed, her mouth opened and Victor was lost in the painful lust that knocked the breath out of him as he watched this beautiful woman discover sexual pleasure for the first time in her life. She was magical, sensuous and he wanted to pull her dress up, tear her underwear off and push himself inside her.

Instead, he lifted her into his arms and carried her to his bedroom, watching her eyes for a sign to stop or even to slow down. There were no warning signs, only sighs of pleasure when he lowered her to the floor and pulled her back into his arms for another soul claiming kiss.

As he pulled the zipper down on her dress, Lana felt the cool air but it didn't slow down the feelings. The cool against her desire-heated skin only increased the need for there to be no barriers. When his hand touched her back, she inhaled sharply and jumped on her toes. Victor froze but that was completely the opposite of what she wanted him to do. Since she was already on her toes, she reached with her mouth and kissed his neck, silently giving him permission to continue.

It was so thrilling, she couldn't think. Her tongue was too thick to speak so she used it against his skin just as he had moments earlier and she loved the way his hands clenched at her waist, pulling her tighter against him.

Victor watched as the soft, sexy smile formed on her lips, showing him that she enjoyed having the power to make him react. He liked it too. There seemed to be nothing about this experience that was like anything he'd had before and he could barely stand the slow pace, desperate for release.

Pushing her dress to the floor, his hands immediately moved to the clasp of her bra and it was the first time he felt her freeze. His hands went no further but he looked down at her. "Lana, if you don't want this, just say so. But feel how much I want you and know that most of my desire for you is because of the way you react each time I touch you or kiss you. Your ex-husband was definitely wrong about you being frigid. There's nothing wrong with you except that the idiot didn't take the time to get to know you." A merciless smile formed on his face as he said, "And I'm definitely going to enjoy getting to know you. Nothing is going to change my desire to have you except that its only going to get better," he said and pulled her hand to his erection, letting her feel how much he wanted her through his slacks. He instantly relaxed when her fingers didn't pull back and the desire quickly returned to her eyes. Her fingers fumbled with his belt and his own moved to the buttons of his shirt, making quick work of the impediment.

"Touch me," he said when his shirt was tossed aside. He lifted her hands, which had only gotten the buckle halfway undone. While she explored his shoulders and chest, Victor quickly removed his pants and boxers, then guided her hand back down to his erection.

She was so fascinated, her fingers and touch so tentative, he could barely stand it but the intensity of the pleasure she gave him kept him from going any further. He tried to relax and enjoy her exploration but after only a few minutes, he couldn't take it any longer.

Pulling her hands away, he reached behind her once again, kissing her neck to distract her while he pulled the lacy bra out of the way, discarding it and then taking his fill of her beautiful breasts. When his eyes locked on hers, she covered herself but he wouldn't let her. "You're perfect," he groaned and picked her up, placing her in the middle of the bed, then coming down on top of her, his arms keeping his weight off of her as he looked down at her flawless body. He took one perfect pink nipple in his mouth and was rewarded by her cry of pleasure, the arch of her back giving him better access, her fingers in his hair holding him right where he wanted to be. His teeth nudged the peak, eliciting another cry but then his tongue soothed the sensitive skin and her body writhed underneath him. Moving to the other breast, he gave that one equal attention before moving lower to her stomach while his hands positioned her legs around his waist.

At the last minute, he reached into his bedside table and extracted a condom, watching her as he slid it on. Rejoining her on the bed, he moved between her legs, breathing hard as her legs instinctively wrapped around his waist.

He almost chuckled out loud when he looked at her face. Her eyes were closed and her teeth were clenched in anticipation. He didn't move, realizing that her body was almost rigid with the anticipation of the pain she'd spoken of previously. He stopped, kissing her jaw line before moving to her mouth, kissing her gently until he felt some of the rigidity go out of her.

"If you want to stop, all you have to do is say so," he promised, but in truth, he wasn't sure he would be able to stop. He couldn't remember ever being this aching and ready for a woman in his life.

Lana thought about it for a moment, and his promise instantly released all of her fears. Well, most of them, she thought. She was still sure that the rest of this would be just as messy and boring as with Drew. "Will you promise me one thing," she whispered, almost ashamed to ask it but needing reassurance desperately.

"Anything," he said unrealistically.

"Just hold me when you're done," she asked, biting her lip.

Victor was stunned. He watched her cheeks turn pink and wanted to rip the guy apart who had done this to such an incredibly sensuous woman. How could the man have demoralized her to the point that she considered the male to be using her body solely for his own pleasure?

He grinned and nodded with reassurance. "I guarantee it if you'll do one thing for me," he said, his hand slipping up to cup her breast once again, finding it to be the perfect size for his palm. His thumb flicked the peak and he was relieved when he saw her relax more, even wiggle underneath him.

"What's that?" she asked, then gasped when she felt his hand between her legs. She tried to close her legs, embarrassed that he would be doing that but he ignored her sounds of embarrassment and continued, his fingers finding her core and relentlessly moving inside her, showing her the potential. He bent low and kissed her nipple, then sucked and she could feel the bad tension slip away while the intense need for something undefined returned.

"I want you to..." he stopped before he slipped one finger inside her, relieved when he felt how wet she was. He nipped her breast again, then moved higher to capture her ear lobe between his teeth, his fingers continuing to work magic on her body. He didn't finish the sentence but slowly slipped his finger out and moved back between her legs, letting his erection slowly fill her up, gritting his teeth at how tight and wet and hot she was. It was like a glove and he groaned as he slowly pushed himself into her.

Lana's hands gripped his shoulders, her body tense as she waited impatiently for the pain. When he moved, just slightly, she gasped, her eyes opening wide in surprise. Then he moved again and she couldn't lay still. Her legs went back around his waist and her back arched, silently begging him to fill her deeper. As he continued to move, Lana closed her eyes again but this time because she couldn't stop the feelings. She didn't want Victor to know what was going on. She was embarrassed by the feelings ricocheting around in her body, begging for something, demanding she provide it but not sure exactly how to do that.

"Open your eyes Lana," he ordered, his voice husky but determined. "I want to see you."

She obeyed and her mouth fell open, her body moving against his, her feelings becoming desperate. She didn't know it but her fingernails were now biting into his shoulders. Every cell in her body was clamoring for release but she wasn't sure what to do. He moved, she writhed, she lifted against him, wanting to feel everything, wanting something that wasn't happening. When he slid an arm under her hips, lifting her hips higher, she instantly felt the peak, the climax blinded her and she heard someone screaming as her legs wrapped around his waist, her back arching and everything turning red and intensely, wonderfully, magically amazing.

Victor watched in amazement as Lana experienced her first orgasm. Her body climaxing around him pulled him over the edge to the most intense climax he'd ever experienced. He couldn't move for several long minutes. Finally, realizing that he had all his weight on her, he rolled over, pulling her with him and burying his face in her fragrant hair.

Chapter 7

A long time later, Lana opened her eyes and looked around. She still wasn't able to focus very well and the dim room didn't help. It was also a little difficult to see anything other than his muscular chest since her cheek was still resting against it. "Wow," Lana said softly, her fingers trailing over his back, amazed at all the muscles and the wonderful feel of him. Even his weight, the arm wrapped around her waist holding her tightly made her feel soft and pretty.

She felt his chuckle and smiled herself. It was a pretty silly comment after that experience. It didn't begin to articulate anything she was feeling, thinking. But when she thought about it, words just couldn't do the experience justice.

"I agree," he replied, his mouth moving against her neck. "I'm guessing from your reaction that your opinion about sex has shifted slightly?"

Lana's eyes looked at him and she wasn't sure what she should say. It was true, she hadn't ever experienced anything like that before but if she said she'd changed her mind, would he stop the lessons?

He smiled wolfishly. "I can see from your expression that you're not entirely convinced," he said and lifted himself up on his elbows. "I'll have to work harder to convince you, be more creative." His hand drifted down and his palm caressed her thigh and bottom, pulling her back up against him. "What could I possibly do to top that?" he said almost to himself.

Lana laughed and wrapped her arms around his neck, loving the feel of his chest hairs against her sensitive breasts. "I don't know, professor. I thought you had all the answers," she replied saucily.

Victor threw back his head and laughed, delighted that she wasn't too tired because he definitely hadn't had enough of her delectable body. It was almost as if, having had a taste, his desire for her was more intense. "I don't know," he said, pushing her back against the pillows. "You've challenged my dedication. I'll have to figure something out."

As he proceeded to do just that, Lana was impressed, not only with his dedication to the mission but also his amazing stamina. All night, he showed her different ways to make love and each time, the intensity of her climax became higher until she lay limp and unmovable in his arms, falling into a deep, dreamless sleep. When she woke the following morning to sunlight streaming onto her face, she had to smile even though she knew she was alone in his enormous bed.

Looking around, she immediately saw the flowers. The gorgeous red roses were sitting on the bedside table and Lana bit her lip, wondering how they'd gotten there. Had Victor put them there? It seemed unlikely. But the alternative, that one of his household staff had entered the room and placed the flowers there, was equally disconcerting. She didn't like the idea of a stranger seeing her naked. She went with the assumption that Victor had put them on the night stand, all other alternatives were unpalatable and she didn't really want to think negatively when she was feeling so good.

She pulled the sheet up over her nakedness and slipped the card out of the center of the bouquet, reading the lines. She had to laugh.

Avid students always make the professors look good. Call me to arrange the next lesson. V.

Lana hugged the pillow to her body, her eyes closing once again as she relived every amazing feeling from the previous night. She couldn't even remember how many times he'd woken her to make love to her but she'd never turned him down. Even if the thought had occurred to her, the moment his hands touched her body, she wanted him. It was a seemingly instantaneous reaction to his touch. It was a new experience, having had to work up to any kind of feelings of desire with Drew.

She pulled herself out of the bed, ignoring the temptation to linger and relax in his enormous bed. She located her clothes from the previous night, only slightly embarrassed that someone might see her leaving in the same outfit she'd arrived in. But who would know? She could guarantee she didn't know anyone in this building, much less this section of New York City. This was definitely upscale, wealthy New York whereas she lived right in the heart of lower middle class. Her apartment was expensive but tiny with only one bedroom. As she wandered around his bedroom and bathroom, initially stunned at all the marble and chrome fixtures, she couldn't imagine how much Victor paid for this place. Her entire apartment could fit into this bathroom with room to spare.

As she showered, she realized that she didn't really know what Victor did for a living. She'd had sex with a virtual stranger. Well, not really, she chided herself. They'd talked about many things during dinner so he wasn't a complete stranger. She knew his opinions about many subjects and when it came down to the real core of a person, who cared what that person did for a living? Was it really relevant? She didn't think so except perhaps in her case. That was really the whole basis for this little experiment, she thought and laughed.

She caught a cab back to her apartment and changed into a pair of stretch pants and large shirt, then immediately sat down and started writing. She was so absorbed in writing, she didn't realize what time it was until late in the afternoon when her body rebelled against the lack of food and movement.

Her fingers ached from typing so quickly and she stood up and stretched, reaching for her phone to dial Victor's number. She felt good about the progress she'd made on her book today. The morning's work definitely made up for the lack of productivity from the previous day. She had to chuckle as she remembered her fears of the previous day. She'd been so frantic! And for what? Victor was the ultimate lover, she suspected.

"Lana?" he answered the phone immediately.

She hesitated, wondering about the abrasive tone. "Victor? Is everything okay?"

One hand sifted through his hair and he had to breathe deeply in order to not snap at her in his frustration and worry. It wasn't her fault that he didn't know where she was. He hadn't gotten her cell phone number or any way to communicate with her and he'd been trying to get in touch with her all morning. "Everything except you didn't let Jimmy drive you home so I've been worried about you ever since Beverly said you weren't in my bed anymore. Are you okay? How did you get home?"

Lana relaxed. He sounded protective and worried but she knew she was probably reading too much into his tone of voice. She liked it though. She liked having someone worry about her, even if it were in her mind. It had been a long time since someone cared about where she was or how she was moving about the city. "I took a cab. I didn't know anyone was waiting to drive me home but that's a very sweet thought." She relaxed back against the desk chair, feeling her muscles un-knot as they felt support for the first time in several hours. When she worked, she didn't let her back relax, knowing that good posture would help her to concentrate.

Victor's shoulders relaxed and he ran a hand through his hair. He couldn't understand his reaction to the news this morning that Lana wasn't there any longer and no one had seen her leave. He didn't want to identify it too closely but knew that he didn't like it. "Next time, you let Jimmy drive you home to make sure you arrive safely. I don't like not knowing you're okay."

His comment made her feel all soft and mushy inside and she smiled. "Sure thing. Is there going to be a next time?" she asked tentatively, worried that he might have only been in this for the one night despite his comment.

He chuckled softly. "Absolutely. There's so much more you need to know. I've never written one personally, but I would imagine a romance novel has several scenes in which passion is the main issue. And you've only had one lesson. There are so many variations on the same theme but they're important. A good novelist must do her research, you know."

He leaned back in his desk as she laughed softly, propping his feet up on the polished surface and looking out at the skyline of New York City from his window. For the first time in his life, he was ignoring pressing business and just enjoying a conversation with a woman. Normally, the women in his life were allowed to interfere only in the evenings and, even then, only when he was sure they wouldn't interrupt any business discussions he was having. Since most of the women he saw socially were selfabsorbed and only interesting to him sexually, and even then only for a short while, he didn't allow them into his life except during entertainment events. Lana was different. He wasn't going to explore why she was different. He just accepted that she was and would enjoy her refreshing personality.

"Is that so?" she challenged him.

Victor could hear the smile in her voice and thought even her voice was a turn on. She had a husky sound that made him think of what she sounded like in bed. He hadn't noticed that before since he'd been concentrating too much on getting her into that particular place. "Exactly so," he confirmed. "What are your plans tonight?"

Tingles of excitement instantly started to spread through her body. She smiled and her excitement came through in her voice. "I don't currently have any plans. Did you have something in mind?" She hadn't felt this excited about seeing someone since she'd had her first date in high school.

Scratch that, she thought a moment later. This is even better. Her first date had turned out to not be so exciting and Victor was definitely that, and a whole lot more.

He laughed again. "Oh, I have lots of things in mind. And I guarantee you'll like every single one of them. I'll send a car for you."

"I'll be waiting," she said softly and hung up the phone, staring at it with a silly grin for several minutes while she mulled through the conversation once again.

On a surface level, she never would have thought of Victor as someone she could laugh with. When she first saw him, accepting she'd looked at him through a haze of tears, he'd seemed to her to be too hard to tease. But she was finding that he was not only incredibly intelligent but deep down inside, the man that looked tough and mean and hard to the core, was sweet and considerate. And he teased her, laughed with her and made her laugh as well. What a contradiction, she thought to herself.

Again, she wondered what he could possibly do for a living. All businesses had their cut-throat qualities to them. But anyone that lived as he did in New York City had to be extremely wealthy which meant he was most likely one of the high fliers of industry. She could see it in him, but how could a man as nice as Victor survive among the sharks that thrived in the business world of this city?

Pushing that aside for the moment, Lana focused all her energy on her manuscript. And if Victor's kisses, or some of the ways he'd touched her last night slipped into her mind, she forced them out and made her mind work through the plot of her story instead of fantasizing about being with Victor once again. Although some of the sex scenes did end up in her book and she felt racy and daring just writing them down.

By the late afternoon, she shut down her computer and eagerly got ready for her evening with Victor. The previous night, her hands were shaking out of fear of failure, rejection or continued dislike of the sexual process.

She dressed carefully again tonight but instead of her hands shaking out of fear, they were shaking with excitement. She couldn't wait to see Victor, to have him hold her in his strong, muscular arms and feel him against her.

Sighing, she put on a pretty pink color of lipstick, then surveyed her appearance in the mirror. What a difference twenty-four hours makes, she thought and smiled.

That night was the first of many nights of pleasure with Victor. Just like that first time, she would wake up in Victor's bed with a smile on her face even though she was usually alone. She didn't even mind that part, knowing that Victor would leave her something on the bedside table. It was just a note or a cup of coffee, sometimes a single flower but whatever it was, it made her smile as she read the words or took in the delicate scent of the rose he thoughtfully left for her. She learned to bring a change of clothes with her when she met with him, knowing where their evenings would end up and she'd be too exhausted to get home once they were finally sexually exhausted.

Surprisingly, it wasn't just the sex that excited her, Lana acknowledged. She loved talking with him. Once their mutual desire was satisfied, Victor would ask her about her day, laughing when she told him a funny part of her book or helping her with a strategic point. He didn't tell her much about his work but he still told her funny things that happened. He never seemed to be frustrated by the events of his day, or have problems he couldn't solve. He was rational and immensely capable, she gathered from their conversations and even his intelligence and the cool way he spoke of his meetings was interesting, and shockingly, a turn on for her. His intelligence and thought processes somehow made him seem more secure, more....she wasn't sure exactly how to define it but she liked it about him.

She never woke up in his arms, but Victor had figured out what time she generally woke up and he'd call her to talk and make plans for their next rendezvous. And as promised, she let Jimmy drive her home each morning. Apparently the chauffer would drive Victor to his office early although Lana had no idea what time that was but it must have been before the sun came over the horizon, then he would come back to be here for her when she was ready to go home.

The schedule was crazy, being with Victor from dinner until the next morning, but her writing was exceptional. By rights, she should be exhausted, getting only four or five hours of sleep each night. But actually, she felt rejuvenated, exhilarated, filled with a joy she never would have conceived possible before meeting Victor. He thrilled her in so many ways. Just eating dinner with him was filled with either laughter or challenging arguments about any subject available. They talked about everything while enjoying lavish meals prepared by his cook, then, after decadent desserts, he would pull her into his arms and carry her off to bed where they would spend the rest of the evening, reveling in each other's arms.

A week and several sleepless, sexually mindboggling nights later, Lana was working on her manuscript in the afternoon when the buzzer for her apartment went off. She looked up at the intercom, irritated by the interruption since the scene she was building was getting better and better as her fingers flew over the keyboard. The interruption was offensive, even though the person doing the interruption couldn't have any idea what he or she was doing to her concentration.

Glaring at the door, she accepted that the fastest way to get back to her story was to answer the silly caller and get rid of them. It was probably just a marketer since her friends and business acquaintances would call before coming over, so she could get rid of them quickly. Knowing that they wouldn't leave her alone immediately, she sighed heavily and swallowed her irritated words. Walking over to press the button, she said, "Hello?" She cringed when she heard the almost harsh tone of her voice. Since when had she become a shrew? That was never like her before. But she'd never been this involved with her manuscript before and she was hurrying in the hopes that she wouldn't lose her train of thought.

"Delivery for Ms. Michaels," a male voice said through the speaker.

Lana was startled by the response. A delivery? For her? That was very odd. She never received deliveries. "Okay, leave it at the door and I'll pick it up later." She looked down at her leggings and baggy shirt, then shrugged. Before meeting Victor, she'd never leave her apartment looking this unkempt. Lana had always made sure she looked neat and coordinated, a legacy left over from Drew who would criticize her if she didn't look her best. But her whole world had changed in the last couple of weeks. Her wardrobe was just one of the details that had fallen to the wayside in deference to her writing. She simply didn't have time to worry about what she looked like until it was time to meet Victor in the evening. Life seemed to be rushing at her more quickly, and she really liked it.

She waited several seconds for the delivery person to leave, then grabbed her keys from the hook by her door and took the elevator down to the lobby. She hadn't ordered anything so she wasn't sure what could possibly be delivered. Whatever it was, she didn't want a stranger to enter the building and she didn't want to be caught picking whatever it was up by someone she didn't know and didn't trust. Stranger things had happened in New York City. Everyone in a city took precautions, but a woman alone had to be a little more aware of security than people paired up.

As soon as she stepped off the elevator, she saw the large, red box with a big white bow. She saw the name of the exclusive boutique and her eyes widened. As she peered through the glass doors that separated the lobby from the elevator area, she wondered if that could possibly be her delivery. It was very large and looked very expensive. Probably someone else's she told herself, approaching the door warily.

Lana stood at the glass door for a long moment, afraid to investigate the box. There were no other deliveries in the lobby so that had to be it, but what could it possibly be? Shaking her head with impatience, she forced her hand to pull open the door. There was no way she'd discover what was in the box and who had sent it until she picked it up and opened it.

Walking slowly across the spotted gray linoleum, she tentatively picked up the card attached to the big bow. Sure enough, it had her name on it. Without another thought, she excitedly grabbed the box and rushed back into the elevator which was thankfully still on the bottom floor for her so it wouldn't be as long a wait for an elevator as it usually was. Taking the package into to her apartment and kneeling in the middle of her family room floor, she untied the bow excitedly, knowing it was probably from Victor.

She quickly tossed the top aside and sifted through the tissue paper, then gasped when she revealed the treasure inside. Her fingers shook as she lifted the incredibly beautiful red silk dress out of the box. The name on the label identified it as a designer she'd never be able to afford even stepping into the store for and here she was, holding the most incredible dress she'd ever seen.

Holding it in front of her, she saw the low cut front and non-existent back and instantly, her body reacted with excitement. She could feel her body heating, her legs trembling at the thought of Victor seeing her wearing something like this. Could she wear such a seductive dress? She'd say that her nightgowns covered more of her than this dress, but her billowing flannel and cotton nightgowns covered more than her day clothes so it wasn't saying much.

She immediately pulled off her old shirt and slid the incredible dress on over her stretch pants. Spinning around and surveying her image in the mirror, she noticed that the waistband of her leggings peeked through the back. Pulling them off, she looked at her back and was stunned.

The bodice of the satin dress hugged her breasts, showing more cleavage than her bra. It smoothed over her flat stomach and hugged her hips, the back dipping lower than normal so that the top curve of her bottom was revealed.

She loved it! It was sexy and daring and more than she'd ever thought about wearing. Or less, she giggled to the mirror. It was only dinner at Victor's penthouse so who would know? Looking in the box, she saw the red strappy shoes and her eyes widened when she noticed the small, red silk thong underwear. Her fingers shook as she pulled it on, instantly feeling naughty.

When the doorbell rang that evening, she'd already showered, curled her hair and pulled the sides up with small sparkly clips. She wore more makeup than usual, highlighting her eyes with brown eye liner and wearing red lipstick that perfectly matched the dress.

"Good evening, Miss," Jimmy said, tipping his hat graciously. "Are you ready?"

Taking a deep breath, she smiled and nodded, holding her jacket closed. "As ready as I'll ever be." She wasn't surprised that Jimmy was there instead of Victor. Usually Victor picked her up at the door but occasionally, he had a late running meeting that kept him busy. He always was driving up at his building at the same time Jimmy dropped her off so she didn't care, although tonight she would have loved the experience of seeing Victor's eyes light up when he saw her in the dress he'd sent.

She was sitting in the back, her hands nervously fluttering over the soft leather seat when she noticed that they weren't heading toward Victor's building. Lana couldn't believe her eyes when the limousine stopped in front of a strange building. "Jimmy? Where are we?"

Jimmy was just about to reply when Victor strolled out of the building, talking with several other men. He winked at her in the car but continued talking for a moment. When the men moved off, he walked over to the car and bent down. "Are you coming inside?" he asked, his eyes raking over her figure but all he could see was the bottom of her dress since her coat covered the top part.

She swallowed painfully, pulling the edges of her trench coat more tightly about her figure. "Inside?" she squeaked.

Victor's smile turned mischievous. "Yes. For dinner. We're dining out tonight."

Lana couldn't believe her ears. "We're not eating at your place?" she asked quickly, her fingers clutching at the edges of her coat, knowing what was inside, or more specifically, what wasn't. Looking at him desperately, she asked, "Wouldn't that be more comfortable?"

He chuckled softly before saying, "In some ways, yes. But I want to show you off and you're going to enjoy tonight. I can see you're wearing the dress. Come along and I promise you'll love dinner," he coaxed and held out his hand to her.

Lana took it tentatively, wishing she could be more blase about the situation. But she couldn't. Everything about her was telling her to run in the opposite direction. She was about to walk into a public place dressed like a trollop. An expensively dressed trollop though. Stepping out onto the sidewalk was difficult but Victor's hand, warmly encasing her cold, trembling one, gave her courage. Looking up into his eyes, she could see that he understood her feelings and wanted to hug him, then dive back into the limousine.

Instead of letting her fears get the best of her, he tucked her hand in the crook of his arm and smiled down at her. "You look lovely," he said as he walked her into the restaurant. "I like what you've done with your hair.

Lana couldn't believe her legs had carried her this far. Why wasn't she running back to the car, hiding out and shaking her head at his ridiculous assertion that she should walk with him inside a restaurant, a public place, dressed with more uncovered than covered?

Looking up at the strong, handsome profile, she knew it was because of Victor. He was pushing her, letting her experience new things and she wanted desperately to show him that she wasn't the cowering woman he'd met in what seemed like another life now.

"Be brave," he whispered in her ear when she initially refused to relinquish the coat. Finally, she let go and he was able to hand it off to the hostess who was standing surreptitiously behind Victor.

She turned around, her shoulders tense and looked up at him. "I thought we'd be alone," she whispered somberly, a catch in her voice that told him more than words how she was feeling.

He looked at her worried expression and smiled. "First of all, pretend like you wear this kind of dress all the time. Relax your shoulders and be proud, knowing that you have a better figure than just about every other woman in there. Show it off."

Looking into his dark eyes, she saw the admiration, and more importantly, the respect and sexual longing, in his eyes and it gave her courage. Taking a deep breath, she forced her shoulders down and smiled nervously up at him.

"Good girl," he chuckled. "Secondly, think about how you're turning me on. I'll be looking at you during dinner, knowing exactly what you're wearing underneath that dress. Or more specifically, what you're not wearing," he said silkily, his hand gliding up her arm and causing goose bumps to form on her sensitive skin. "And I won't be able to do anything about it until I get you back to my place. Enjoy the power you have over me. Feel it as we eat dinner and know that you completely control the night."

As he spoke, he moved closer to her, whispering in her ear, his lips so close, they brushed against the delicate shell of her ear occasionally, sending sparks of desire through her body. His words evoked a latent femininity that she hadn't even known existed and she realized that she wanted to turn to him, put her lips against his and taste him, see if he felt as good as he smelled.

"That's my girl," he said softly, his eyes locked to hers and he could see the brilliance in her eyes, the feminine knowledge and he almost regretted showing her this side of herself. Just seeing her face, her increasing sexual awareness was making him hard and he knew it was going to be a long night. But also a very rewarding one.

The maitre showed them to their table and Lana, who had thought she'd be painfully self-conscious, didn't even notice the other diners in the restaurant. She moved with thoughtless grace, the different underwear and luxurious silk caressing her in ways that she had previously never considered possible. As she walked to the table in front of Victor, she could feel his eyes on her back, remembering how low the dress dipped, and he was right. She felt strong, powerful and incredibly sexy knowing that his eyes were watching her, seeing that she wasn't wearing a bra and that he couldn't do a thing about it. At least not right at the moment. She knew, as soon as the dinner ended, that he would certainly take charge, just as he normally did, when they made love. But right now, she was the powerful one. She was in charge. And she reveled in it.

The waiter held her chair out for her and she smiled her thanks, then watched Victor sit down across from her. "What's good here?" she asked, pretending to skim the menu but she couldn't see the words. She could only feel how desirable Victor was making her feel by his look and admiration.

"Everything," he replied, tossing the menu to the side. "Champagne," he told the wine waiter as he approached.

The man reappeared only moments later with an ice bucket filled with ice and a bottle of Crystal champagne. He uncorked the bottle and poured it into the two flutes, leaving quickly and efficiently.

Lana picked up her glass. "What's the occasion?" she asked, her eyes slipping to his. She could feel his heavy lidded gaze slide over her figure, pausing at her breasts which made her nipples instantly hardened with the intensity of his gaze. She knew he could see the impression of her nipples through the thin silk and it only made the feelings intensify.

"I think tonight you've easily graduated to the next level in my tutorial."

Lana raised her eyebrows. "Sounds intriguing. What are the other classes at this level?"

He leaned forward, chuckling softly at her engaging expression and shook his head. "I think I've given you enough secrets for one night. Don't you?"

The smile that crept over her face was slow but no less impressive. She leaned forward and loved it when his eyes dipped to the dark shadow between her breasts. "Never." He was right. She felt powerful and sexy and alluring. It was quite a combination.

Victor laughed, causing several of the other diners to glance at them but they immediately turned back to their tables. If Lana had been looking, she would have seen some of them whisper behind their hands excitedly but she only had eyes for the man across the table who had completely changed her life in such a short period of time.

Victor watched the delicate beauty sitting across the table from him and was amazed that she wasn't preening for the rest of the restaurant. He could honestly say this lovely, amazing and beautiful woman had no interest or knowledge that anyone else in the restaurant was looking at her and wondering about her. The dress was a turn on absolutely, as well as the luscious figure underneath which he knew so well but still craved with a seemingly unending desire. But the fact that Lana had eyes only for him, was focused and interested only with what he was saying or how he reacted, made him ache with the need to make her his, put his stamp on her. It was an odd feeling for a man who had never cared if he dated any particular woman once or five times as long as they interested him.

The desire to possess her and ensure that no other man ever touched her was such a novelty he wasn't sure exactly where it came from. What kind of magic did this woman weave over him? And what's more, he didn't want it to stop. He enjoyed the feeling that she had eyes only for him and the knowledge that only he had shown her passion made him want her even more.

The waiter appeared at that moment and Lana leaned back in her chair as she watched him, sipping her glass of champagne and allowing Victor to order for her. When the meal was over, she had no idea what she ate. They talked and laughed, someone came over to say hello to Victor and he introduced her to them but a moment after shaking the man's hand, she had no idea what his name was.

"Would you like coffee or perhaps a brandy?" he asked as the waiter cleared away the decadent chocolate dessert they'd shared.

"No," Lana breathed, leaning back in her chair, her eyes telling him exactly what she wanted.

Victor's body, already on high alert throughout the entire meal, needed no further encouragement to leave. He was primed and ready to take her into his arms and couldn't imagine anything more alluring than Lana in that dress right at the moment. "Let's go," he replied, not letting her gaze slip away. He stood up and tossed several bills on the table and Lana took his hand, walking quickly through the restaurant. Jimmy was already outside the front door with the back of the limousine open. All they had to do was step through the door and into the limousine. Victor didn't hesitate as he pulled her into his arms. Lana eagerly moved into his arms, more than ready for his kiss.

Jimmy drove quickly and before she knew how, they were at his building, being whizzed to the top floor by his private elevator.

Victor didn't wait until they were in the bedroom. As soon as they stepped into his penthouse, he pulled her against him, his mouth coming down over hers, demanding submission. Lana gave it uninhibitedly, pressing her curves against his hard, muscular frame. He pushed her back against the wall in the foyer, one hand pulling her leg up so it was against his thigh. Victor couldn't wait. Growling with impatience, he pulled her harder against him, showing her with his body language how much he needed her, desired her, demanded her right at this moment. He couldn't slow down and Lana didn't want him to anyway. She loved the rough hands on her skin, the gentle, but impatient caresses and she gasped when he touched new skin, new areas that instantly lit her body on fire for more of his touch.

His hand reached under her dress and tore off the scrap of material covering her, sliding into her warmth and Lana sighed happily as Victor groaned. It took only two strokes and Lana was wildly thrown into a climax that was almost painful in its pleasure. It wasn't more before Victor followed.

As their breathing slowed and reality came back into focus, both of them realized that they were still in the foyer against the wall and both completely dressed except for Lana's thong underwear which had been discarded somewhere. He lifted his head and looked down at her, still holding her against the wall. Shaking his head, he said, "I'm sorry Lana. This wasn't...."

She stopped his apology with the expedient covering of his lips with her own. When he was silent, she said, "I was right there with you and thought it was wonderful."

His eyes cleared and he bent to gently kiss her lips. He let her down to the floor but the moment her feet touched the floor, he swung her up into his arms and carried her to his bedroom. There, he proceeded to make up for the previous quickness by taking her slowly, driving her insane with need and forcing a cry when he finally took her over the edge into bliss.

Chapter 10

Lana's fingers flew over the keyboard. She'd started a new manuscript instead of revising the old one. This new plot was completely different. It had an edgier quality that she recognized instantly but she also thought it was more sophisticated. And she couldn't type fast enough to get the words onto the virtual page. The ideas were more detailed, the scents and smells more powerful. She lived off of coffee, whatever kind of sandwich was fastest to make and most of those were only half eaten. Her only slow, savored meal was with Victor each night followed by mind-blowing sensuality that only increased as they learned more about each other.

Her phone rang and she picked it up eagerly, knowing it was Victor or Nancy checking in with her.

"Hello?" she replied on the first ring.

"Lana?" Victor asked through the line.

There was something in his voice that broke through her concentration on the manuscript. Something wasn't right, she thought instantly. "Victor? What's wrong?" she asked, immediately alert and her body tensing for bad news. "Are you okay?"

She could hear the smile in his voice and relaxed. "Yes, I'm okay. Nothing is wrong, I promise."

"Whew!" she said into the receiver and relaxed against her desk chair. "Please don't answer the phone with that tense tone of voice. It scares me. Besides, you still don't sound okay. What's going on?" He really didn't sound like his normal arrogant self, she thought with a smile as her finger slid across the touch pad of her laptop. But at least he was healthy and not hurt. And she discarded the idea that he was dumping her. She continuously told herself to live in the moment but she had a sixth sense that he was just as into their relationship as she was at this point in time.

She heard his deep sigh from the other end and her mind focused on his voice, trying to determine what was wrong. "I have to go out of town for a couple of days."

Of all the things she'd been expecting, that wasn't one of them. That news instantly deflated her. "Oh." She tried to think of whatever would be the polite and politically correct comment to say during an affair when one's lover told her he would be away. But she couldn't think. The disappointment was crushing her. Her brain was telling her to be sophisticated and act like she didn't really care. But her heart, a part of her body which she'd been hoping had been safe during this adventure, started worrying. "Where are you going? Not that it's any business of mine," she said quickly, afraid she was coming across as needy. That was the last thing she wanted him to think of her. She wouldn't be a clinging vine and suffocate him with her needs. She'd never been like that before, but somehow, the idea of not seeing him made her whole world cloud up.

He chuckled at her quick reply which quickly eased some of Lana's anxiety. "Lana, by now you have every right to ask where I'm going. I have a meeting in London early in the morning. I'd take you with me but I'll have meetings on the flight on the way over and I'm afraid you'll be bored."

She couldn't help feeling sad that she wouldn't see him but she tried to be upbeat about it. "Well, I'll see you when you get back, right? I mean, its only for a couple of days, won't it?" she said, when what she really wanted to say was a plea to take her with him, uncaring of the boredom as long as she could be with him, smile at him across the room and snuggle up to him at night while they slept. She couldn't remember the last time she'd slept alone and the idea held absolutely no appeal. All those women who rejoiced when their husbands or significant others went away and they got the whole bed

to themselves were crazy. But then, when she and Victor slept, there was very little space taken up. They slept entwined in each other's arms and each time she moved, it woke Victor up, which he then woke her up to make love to her...Lana had to stop that memory. It was depressing her, knowing that he wouldn't be next to her for the next few nights.

Biting her lip, she wished she could tell him that she would miss him and that she hoped he'd hurry back. But she kept those words unspoken, knowing they weren't what he wanted to hear. She had to be sophisticated about this, not be a clinging vine who needed to see him all the time. He would probably hate that, she thought.

She heard the resignation and frustration in his voice and it warmed her heart. Maybe he was feeling just a little of what she was feeling right now. That made her feel slightly better although she knew that Victor's emotions weren't as into this relationship as much as hers was. It still helped, although only a little. "Right. And maybe even less than that if everything goes well. I'm trying to move some meetings up so I can get through the negotiations more quickly. Will you miss me?" he asked.

His question eased some of the sadness she'd started feeling at his news. If he wanted her to miss him, that meant that he wanted her to care, even if it was just a little, didn't it? She smiled even though he couldn't see her. "Yes. I definitely will."

"Good. I'll see you Friday night, okay?"

She smiled at the comment, curling up in her chair as if he were right here with her. "It's a date."

He rung off and Lana sagged into her chair. She stared at the computer and the cold coffee beside it and lost all her inspiration. Whatever idea she'd been trying to build was gone now after his phone call.

She stood up and started stretching, thinking all she needed to do was to get back in the groove. She stretched, did several sit ups and then went back to her computer. But it was no use. She just couldn't get back into the scene. She kept thinking about Victor and replaying all of the nights they'd spent together, wondering what he was meeting about in London and hoping he would be okay. Although she wanted his negotiations to be successful, she still wanted him close by and that was too needy, she thought. This time apart would be good for her. She could gain some perspective, make sure she was still able to make it through the day without the knowledge that she'd see him at the end as they'd been doing almost constantly since they'd met. Their affair would eventually end, she acknowledged. And she'd be without him permanently. He'd move on to the next woman and she'd be fine. Perfectly fine.

Picking up the coffee cup, she tossed the disgusting liquid into the sink with more force than was necessary and then had to clean up the sink and counter. Okay, she realized, she didn't like the idea of Victor moving on to another woman. But she had to be realistic. Victor was not the long term, picket fences and babies kind of guy. She had to learn to love what she could and accept that there was no future for them. Their relationship was only temporary.

She saved her work and stood up, deciding to give in for the day.

Showering and putting on fresh, clean clothes, ones that were ironed and not a big man's shirt with a pair of stretch pants definitely helped. The navy slacks and tailored white shirt were crisp and neat. Adding a pearl necklace helped her seem more pulled together on the outside, even if she felt as if she were drifting and falling apart a little on the inside.

She felt better and put on makeup, something that hadn't been happening during the day while she was working alone. It wasn't like anyone would see her, she told herself. She rarely took the time for anything anymore except writing and getting ready to see Victor. She worked hard on her manuscript, getting things down as fast as her fingers could type and makeup wasn't needed until she faced the world each day. That was reserved for her evenings with Victor but looking at herself in the mirror once she was finished, she genuinely felt better. The depression she'd started to feel was almost gone and she did several mental exercises that gave her additional help.

"Coffee," she decided. "And not just any coffee," she said to the otherwise empty apartment. "I need special, good coffee." Nodding her head to emphasize the excellent idea, she tossed another abandoned cup of cold coffee into the sink and packed up her laptop into her computer case. Slipping out of her building, she walked the five blocks to the gourmet coffee shop, ordering a large frappe. Sitting down in the relatively empty coffee shop, she felt even better and she logged into her computer and felt the story line come back. There were just enough people moving around and talking that it felt like white noise to her. The small distractions actually helped put her into a more concentrated state of mind.

She was working through the plot, building up the characters as they started to fight with each other when a shadow fell over her computer. She tried to ignore it and breathed deeply, smelling the strong, fragrant coffee with touches of cinnamon and vanilla, ingredients several of the patrons obviously added more often than others since it scented the store nicely. Closing her eyes for a moment, she forced her mind to concentrate. There was something wrong though. Something inside the coffee shop had changed and she could feel it, if not understand it. Some aura had gone bad, which broke into her concentration.

She remembered reading mystery novels where the victim felt something wrong, his or her hair standing up on the nape of their necks. She'd always thought they were silly to ignore that feeling, but here she was, trying to rationalize that feeling, thinking she was safe since she was in a public place with people milling about and sitting relatively close by at the other tables. She almost smiled to herself as she thought of a way to incorporate that feeling into her current plot, but then thought of the results of ignoring that sensation and forced her fingers to freeze on the keyboard.

Looking around, she wondered what could possibly have made her so wary all of a sudden. She searched the faces of the other patrons, looking for something wrong, something that didn't fit. But no one seemed out of place and she didn't see any malicious expressions directed her way. Of course, serial killers and rapists rarely had a sign advertising their intentions, did they? She almost laughed at the way her mind had drifted into one scenario after another, ending at looking up and seeing a horrible person glaring at her with malicious intent.

Then her gaze swerved to the back of the store, where the clerks were making coffee for the newest patrons and there she saw him as he stared across the store at her. Drew.

In an odd way, she viewed the last few moments objectively and thought how ironic it was that the man who had shared her life for so many years had created such a bizarre reaction in her subconscious mind. It was just like in those mysteries, but, with relief, she knew that she didn't consider Drew to be the villain in her life anymore. He was just...the past, she thought analytically. Not a good part of her past, but at least it was over, thanks to Victor's help.

Drew was standing in line for a cup of coffee, his eyes staring right at her with his arms crossed over his chest in the aggressive way she remembered so well. Her mouth dropped open in surprise. She waited, watching him and wondering, where was the anger? Where was the resentment she'd felt so strongly after he left her for his mistress? Why wasn't she breaking down in tears and sobbing out her frustration and anger over his betrayal?

There was nothing. Looking at the handsome man with classic blond hair and blue eyes, she wondered what it was she'd seen in him all those years ago. He was goodlooking, there was no way to deny that. But now, knowing Victor and all of his strengths as well as the hard, external ruggedness of his features, she wondered what it was about Drew that made him look so...unappealing, she finally defined. He had a weak chin and pointed nose, his shoulders were droopy and he didn't dress nearly as nicely as she'd remembered. Drew wasn't even in very good shape, she thought, noticing the slight paunch that was starting to hang over his belt.

Victor worked out hard each day, brutally pushing his body to the next level of fitness. He worked out during the afternoons when he said his mind was dullest and the workout gave him the ability to concentrate further into the evening.

Drew hadn't ever worked out that she could remember although she knew that he complained an awful lot about his boring job.

Come to think of it, she thought as she sipped her latte slowly, Victor never complained. She'd seen him irritated by people at work but when he talked about the situations, he was always working out how to resolve the problem.

Other differences she could think of between Victor and Drew popped into her mind, one rapidly after the other. Victor constantly told her how pretty she was, how sexy and desirable. No matter how much she'd tried to look nice for Drew, he'd never been very complimentary. The man had always found something to make her feel bad about. Her hair wasn't fluffy enough, or it was too fluffy; her lipstick didn't match her sweater or a wrinkle marred her outfit. She hadn't realized how demoralized she was until Victor had entered her life and told her how lovely she looked or what a nice color a particular sweater was with her skin or hair.

Overall, Victor was so much more of a man than Drew could even dream of being. With a secret smile, she realized that Drew walking out on her had been the best thing that ever happened to her. With that realization came freedom. Freedom from the past, freedom from all of her old insecurities although she knew that Victor had already gotten her most of that way with his "lessons" and his praise, both verbal as well as the admiration and desire that showed in his eyes whenever he looked at her.

The feeling of freedom was so wondrous, so liberating that she felt as if a bubble were growing inside her, about to burst in a happy cloud of fairy dust or something else just as ridiculous sounding.

Turning back to her computer with a smile, she quickly logged off, closing down. She wasn't running from him she thought happily. She was just leaving an area that no longer interested her. How refreshing.

As she shut down her laptop and closed up her large carry-all bag, she smiled to herself. She'd often wondered what she would do the next time she saw him. She'd imagined horrible scenes where she'd broken down in public, begging him to come back to her, to help her out. Other times, she'd imagined a yelling fit where she blamed him for so many things that had gone wrong in their marriage. And in the dark of night, when she'd be laying in bed wondering how she would pay the rent or buy food, she'd pictured herself trying to become the woman he wanted her to be, someone who could meet his standards, who he wouldn't criticize, wondering how she could have made herself over if she'd just had enough time and insight, instead of who she really was. Standing here, in the cozy coffee shop with her newfound confidence and success, she knew she'd moved on in her life. Drew was definitely someone from her past. And not a very nice part of her past either, she acknowledged. This was so much better than what she'd been anticipating and dreading.

"Going somewhere?" Drew asked, sidling up to her with his superior-looking expression and huge cup of coffee.

Lana looked at him and smiled politely. "Hello Drew. How are you doing lately?" she asked and was proud of herself for not cowering in front of him, or showing any sign of anger. It was actually quite easy to talk to him without feeling any emotion at all. It was as if he were an old acquaintance that she'd known a long, long time ago, but who no longer had any part of her life.

What a relief, she thought to herself. She also thanked God that Victor had come into her life before this meeting between her and Drew. She couldn't imagine what she might have done if he hadn't shown her what life really could be like, what a healthy relationship could be with a man she respected, cared for and was so sexually attracted to that even now, after several weeks of experiencing his magic, she still couldn't believe it at times.

He smiled smugly and shrugged one shoulder casually. "No complaints. And you?" His eyes kept dipping, roving over her figure as if trying to find out some secret information. She suspected he was looking to see if she'd gained or lost weight since he'd left her. Both were indications of emotional upheaval but thankfully, she was the same size she was before he'd left her, although she felt much more fit than she ever had in her life. Probably the nightly workouts, she thought with a small smile of appreciation. Another bonus from Victor.

Straightening her shoulders with a great deal of pride, she smiled up at Drew. "I'm doing well, thanks for asking," she replied. It seemed odd that they would be standing here, in the middle of an anonymous coffee shop, being so polite to each other when they'd shared years together as husband and wife. "You look well. How's the job lately? Still having problems with your boss? Or did you eventually work that out?" She didn't really care about his boss. Almost daily Drew had ranted about the man who managed his team, telling her how incompetent he was, how ridiculous his requests...the complaints were unending. But Drew never sat down and discussed his concerns with anyone, preferring to ruin their evening together by being upset by the latest offenses.

"I just got a promotion," he bragged, his eyes lighting up as if he'd just been waiting for the opportunity to tell her that little piece of news.

She blinked slightly in surprise, but then realized that she wasn't either happy or resentful of that news. It was just that...news. "That's wonderful. I'm sure your company is very happy with your work. They always liked you, didn't they?" she suggested. Drew was a computer programmer who wrote code for databases. Beyond that, she didn't really understand much about what he did, although he would explain his projects to her in minute detail, then rail at her because she wasn't overly interested in his programming problems.

"They've been very good to me now that I'm out of that other division," he said with a sneer. Lana assumed he was talking about his previous boss, but didn't want to raise the question, for fear that the litany of complaints would start once again. She didn't have the time, nor the interest, to hear them all over again. "What are you up to? Working hard?" he asked, his eyes glancing down at her laptop computer case.

Lana shifted the somewhat heavy weight on her shoulder and smiled back at him. "Yes. I took my break. I have to get back to work."

His face showed his lack of appreciation for her previous job, the sneer obvious as it moved across his soft, fleshy lips. "Receptionist work? Can't be all that thrilling or challenging. Especially if they keep you on a tight string like this. I can come and go when I want and don't have to answer to anyone. Why don't you get a real job? Or are you not yet qualified for anything better?" he sneered.

Lana thought for a moment, staring at his contemptuous face and almost laughed. When she realized that he was miserable and trying to put her down, bring her down to his level of misery, she shook her head. "Drew, I'm sorry you have such an awful life but please don't make others feel badly about their work, regardless of whether you think it is beneath you."

He chuckled but it was a malicious sound. "So you are still a measly little receptionist." He sat down in the seat she'd just vacated. "You know, you may want to talk to Andrea," he said, referring to the woman he'd left her for. "She might be able to help you out and get you a better kind of job. Something that pays better. She's doing pretty well for herself." He named a figure that was less than half of what she'd pulled in last year.

Lana smiled politely but didn't rise to the bait. "I'm glad she's happy. Thank you for the offer but I'm doing okay on my own. Although I appreciate your concern," she said, regardless that she knew his concern wasn't sincere but simply another way to try and make her feel inferior.

He smirked and shrugged. "You never were very grateful for any of the advice I gave you. If you'd listened to me, maybe we'd still be together. I never would have looked outside of our marriage if you hadn't been frigid."

Lana took a deep breath and smiled. This time, her face was filled with joy but she didn't tell him about Victor. Drew wasn't worth the effort of conversation but she owed him the social niceties simply because she didn't want to lower herself to his level of pettiness. Instead, she nodded as graciously as possible under the circumstances. "I'm sure I wouldn't be the person I am today if I'd listened to you."

Without another word, she pushed her computer into her carry-all bag and walked away, head held high and shoulders back, incredibly proud of what she'd accomplished with her life since he'd left her. There were no backwards glances and she felt confident, both inside and out and she owed it all to Victor.

She walked happily back to her apartment, thinking not about Drew but about Victor and her book's plot, how she would work the difficult scene she'd just encountered and what the conversation should be between the two main characters. As she walked and thought, the impetus she'd been feeling earlier, before Victor's call, started to return. As soon as she closed the door to her apartment, she sat back down at her desk and logged back onto her computer, pulling up the manuscript. Just as it had before, her fingers started flying over the keyboard. It was as if the magic were back and it was only because she'd been thinking about the man.

She worked happily until midnight, not even realizing that the time had been passing by. By the time she'd finished the scene, her back was sore from sitting up straight for so many hours and her stomach growled, protesting the lack of food.

Lana shut down her computer and smiled while she heated a bowl of soup in the microwave. Her last thought before she fell asleep was about Victor, wondering if he was getting enough sleep or if he was pushing himself too hard. She smiled but still cautioned herself to not become too connected with him. This relationship, whatever one might call it, was only temporary. She had to keep reminding herself of that fact and keep herself safe from the hurt that would inevitably come when they parted ways. Chapter 11

Victor called her first thing in the morning while she was making her coffee and pouring a bowl of cereal, her mind dreamily working through a funny conversation in her book. She was walking around in her pajamas when the call came through and she just assumed it was Nancy since her editor hadn't called in several days to check in. Nancy wanted to know when Lana's next book would be ready and was impatient for more details. Lana had been sending her chapters as she finished and Nancy was demanding the next chapter. It was flattering that Nancy was so eager and it helped drive Lana to finish the chapters as quickly as possible. She didn't even bother to edit the manuscripts as she went, just getting the plot down on the paper, knowing she could edit them later on. The creativity was flowing too quickly right now to slow down and fix the nitty gritty details.

"Good morning, beautiful," Victor's deep, chocolaty voice came through the phone.

"Victor?" she asked sleepily, her hand stilling in the process of scooping coffee into the filter. "Where are you?" she asked, instantly awake. Victor's voice was definitely better than a caffeine jolt.

"I'm in London but I'll be finished with my meetings by tomorrow night at the latest. Are you free for the weekend?"

Lana laughed. "When was the last time I wasn't available?" she joked.

"I could say the same," he rejoined. "You're like a drug and I can't get enough of you." He sighed and Lana could hear the weariness in his voice. "Okay, since we're both free and I'm thinking about your luscious, sexy body against mine, pack a bag. Jimmy will drive you to my office and we'll leave from there. Bring your passport."

Her hand stilled in mid-air, coffee grounds spilling slightly onto the counter. "Passport?" That was definitely not what she was thinking about. A date, perhaps. The opera or a nice restaurant but packing a bag? And leaving the country? This was a whole new level that she'd never even thought of approaching with Victor. "Where are we going?"

"Hmmm....some place where I can have you all to myself for several days without interruptions. I'm planning on having my wicked way with you so be prepared," he chuckled. "Pack for hot weather."

She smiled into the phone and sighed happily. "Sounds perfect." She didn't care where they were when he talked like that. Her mind was already sifting through her summer wardrobe, which had been packed away only a couple of months before, to figure out what should be brought on a weekend with one's new lover. "I'll be ready."

Lana quickly finished making a pot of coffee and settled for toast for breakfast since it was faster. She didn't even bother putting butter on it since that would only slow her down. She wanted to finish the chapter this morning because a shopping expedition was definitely in order.

She spent the morning writing, then wandered through shops, finding great bargains on several summer outfits since the season was long gone. She loved imagining Victor's expressions when she stepped out in some of the outfits. It was exciting to shop when there was almost guaranteed approval, she thought, smiling as she picked up a bikini and moved off to the fitting rooms.

At five o'clock the next day, Lana was packed up, her passport ready and available in her purse. She'd looked at it earlier and, sadly, knew there weren't any stamps in it. She'd gotten it in anticipation of her honeymoon since Drew had been talking about going to some tropical island and relaxing. He'd definitely surprised her when they ended up going to Vermont for a long weekend. Since she'd only packed bathing suits and shorts with short sleeved shirts, she'd had to quickly buy a pair of jeans and a jacket for the long weekend in the colder climate of a northern climate.

Jimmy knocked on her door and she happily followed him. The man was very sweet, not allowing her to carry her own bag even though it wasn't very heavy. She brought her computer, not sure if Victor would have to work. But she was doing so well on her book she didn't want to miss an opportunity to work on it, or lose any ideas that might pop up while being in Victor's company for an extended period of time.

As soon as she arrived at the airport, she saw Victor. Jimmy didn't take them Kennedy airport but instead, she noticed they were going to a smaller, private airstrip slightly outside of the city. Jimmy pulled to a stop and Victor started walking towards the car. Lana got out of the back and started walking towards him, trying to appear casual. But by the time she was halfway there, she felt her feet flying underneath her and she ran into his arms. The smile he gave her warmed her heart and Lana had to repeat what she'd been telling herself for the past several days; this was only temporary and don't get too involved. Unfortunately, Victor's mouth covered hers in a kiss that matched her passion and obliterated all the warnings her mind was trying to give her.

"You look beautiful," he said softly, holding her against him as he looked down into her soft, blue eyes. "Did you miss me?"

"Yes!" Lana gasped and then thought better of it. "I mean...of course," she faltered, knowing she'd probably revealed too much in that one word and tried to back track.

"Nope," he replied, shaking his head and grabbing her hand to guide her toward the waiting plane. "I'm not letting you take it back. I've been thinking of you almost constantly and missing important issues during meetings so it's only fair that you've felt the same way."

Lana laughed and relaxed, glad that he'd said something along the same lines as she was thinking. "Were your meetings successful?" she asked, not wanting to intrude on an area of his life that he might not want her to know about, but still curious about almost every aspect of this man.

He smiled and pulled her closer as they walked toward what she suspected was a private airplane. It was smaller than normal, but still had about ten windows on the outside. "Very. I just bought out Lovelan Cosmetics."

Lana stumbled on the bottom step of the stairway. If he hadn't been right behind her to catch her, she was pretty sure she'd have fallen down. "Excuse me?" she asked, turning to look up at him, her heart catching at his triumphant grin that spread across his face.

"I bought Lovelan Cosmetics. You know the line. I've seen that you wear some of their products."

Lana blinked, unable to understand what he was really telling her. "You bought the whole company? All the factories and all the little bits and pieces of mascara and such? Or do you mean you bought some stock in the company?"

Victor laughed and pulled her against him. "I mean, I bought the whole company. At least controlling interest. It was a long shot, but they have some great products that are going to shoot the profits through the roof in the next year. It will be a great investment but I might need to clean out some of the upper management that's been hurting the distribution centers."

She continued to stare at him. "Huh," was all she could get out of her stunned mind. She couldn't wrap her mind around Victor being so wealthy that he could buy an international cosmetics company that was famous for so many different products. It was a little intimidating but she wasn't sure why it was such a surprise. Victor's penthouse alone was indicative of his vast wealth. She just didn't like the idea that he was so out of her league.

Lana didn't see the man in the dark blue suit until he was right next to them. "Excuse me, sir," he said, one hand extending out an envelope. "I was told to hand this to you by Phil Mitchels," he said, his voice apologizing for interrupting.

Victor looked down at the envelope and took it, barely glancing at the other man as he handed the envelope over to one of the flight attendants that was standing just inside the doorway to the plane. "Fax this to Barry at my office and tell him to put the numbers into the spreadsheet and send the file to me. I'll look at the details later."

Lana vaguely recognized the emblem of the publishing company Nancy worked for. "Don't tell me you're buying out Century Publishing as well, are you?" she gasped, looking into his eyes for confirmation.

Victor's eyes snapped back to hers. "Why would you say that?" he asked, putting a hand to the small of her back and encouraging her to walk up the stairs to the plane.

Lana walked up the stairs, her mind swirling with the details of what he'd told her. Victor had bought out a company? No, surely she had misunderstood. He'd bought only the stock. But controlling interest? She wasn't financially savvy enough to know what that meant but she suspected, from previous news reports, that different kinds of financial interests had switched hands; stocks, cash, other incentives.

And what kind of interest did he have in the publishing company? And if he did have an interest in the company, how much of one? Was the company still in trouble? Would there be additional changes required of accepted manuscripts? The idea was a little frightening.

She didn't have time to ponder that question since she was asked to fasten her seatbelt for takeoff. Things were a little crazy for the next fifteen minutes until they became airborne. As soon as the pilot switched off the fasten seatbelt light, Victor stood up and walked to her seat, pulled her out of it, then sat back down, pulling her onto his lap. He immediately took her earlobe between his teeth and that was the last thought Lana had about any corporate takeovers.

They touched down on an island filled with tall hotels, long sandy beaches and palm tress, and immediately boarded a helicopter that took them to the coast. Thankfully she wasn't afraid of heights but the speed by which the helicopter took them across the city was a little overwhelming. Lana's mind was still reeling when they walked onto an extremely fast motor boat that zipped them along the water, skimming the aqua blue sea into an unknown world. She still didn't know where they were going and since Victor had his own plane, actually a fleet of planes he used for business she found out later, she wasn't able to look up their destination on the tally board when they entered any of the buildings as they moved from one conveyance to another.

When they finally stepped onto a dock several hours after the plane originally took off, it was dark. There were small lights that lit up a pathway but the dock was at the bottom of a hill and Victor swept her up into his arms, carrying her into a building but not allowing her to stop and gawk at any of the extraordinary rooms they passed by. He carried her right into a bedroom where the sheets were already turned down, the lights were low and as soon as Lana's back touched the soft sheets, Victor's mouth covered hers. She didn't want to know anything anymore except where Victor would touch her next and what she could do to elicit his groans of pleasure.

The next three days were glorious. Victor was a little misleading when he said he had a house. He actually owned an island off the coast of Barbados which was taken care of by a couple most of the year. The wife cooked delicious meals and cleaned the house while the husband maintained the grounds. They slept, ate, swam in the ocean and the pool. Victor taught her how to wind surf and she found that she genuinely enjoyed the sport although she was only able to maintain the sail upright for a few moments at a time. When she wasn't working on her wind surfing, she lazed away on the beach watching Victor as he kite surfed; a relatively new sport where the person's feet remained on a surf board and was carried along the surface of the water by a parachute type of kite. Lana sipped ice cold refreshments and tried to hide her fear for his safety as he whizzed through the waves, skimming across the surface far out to sea and then back again.

The rest of the time, they talked and joked, argued good naturedly about politics or any other topic that came up. Lana couldn't remember laughing so hard or eating so much food during a three day period.

And of course, Victor challenged her in all ways. When they were just lying about on the beach together, Victor wouldn't let her wear a bathing suit. She was horrified at the idea at first, especially since she only had a one piece, having discarded the bikini she'd originally thought to buy since it had been too risque. Victor solved that problem by having several bikini bathing suits brought out the next day, which he refused to allow her to wear the tops to. By Saturday morning, she didn't even hesitate. Wearing her bathing suit down to the beach in the morning, she simply shrugged it off that afternoon. Of course, she blushed profusely as he watched her, and the incorrigible lout started chuckling as she pretended to not care.

They delayed their return until the last possible minute, not arriving back in New York until midnight.

Walking with her down the long hallway, Lana knew she was almost asleep on her feet but she didn't want to let him go. He had an arm around her shoulder while he walked her to the door of her apartment. "Thank you for a wonderful weekend," she said sleepily as he kissed her goodbye at her doorway.

"You're welcome. And I still think you should sleep at my place instead of here," he replied, pulling her into his arms but he didn't press her, knowing she was too tired.

"I wouldn't get any sleep," she laughed and leaned her head against his shoulder as he unlocked her door and led her inside. He always turned on several lights, making sure she was safe before he left. Lana thought it was a very sweet, considerate gesture and it made her feel cared for.

"You're right," he replied, not even arguing the point. "But would you care?"

She sighed and slipped off her shoes. "Not tonight. But I have to work on my book. I have a deadline coming up and my editor is getting impatient for the final chapters."

He saw how hard she was working to just keep her eyes open and relented. "We'll talk about it over dinner tomorrow night. Are you up for it?" he asked, kissing her on the forehead.

"Absolutely," she sighed, happy to have any time with him.

"Good. I'll pick you up at six o'clock."

The rest of the week was just as nice. By Friday, she was finished with her book and wanted to celebrate. She wasn't sure how to do that but she was determined to show Victor some way to thank him for what he'd done for her.

She printed out her manuscript and took it along with a red pen to a coffee shop. She didn't go back to the one she'd run into Drew, not wanting to risk it once again. The last time hadn't been awkward but if she knew him, she suspected that, since he didn't get a reaction from her the last time, he would try harder to make a pointed dig the next time. She didn't want the bother so the best course of action was to simply avoid the annoying man as if he were a pointless mosquito.

She found a cozy coffee shop a couple of blocks in the other direction. This one had a gas fireplace and overstuffed chairs off to one side and she was lucky enough to find an empty one right by the fire. Pulling out her manuscript and pen, she laid it on her lap but couldn't seem to focus on it. Her mind was working a mile a minute, but not on the plot. She was trying to come up with different ways to surprise Victor and thank him for all he'd done for her over the past several weeks. He'd been so instrumental to everything she'd accomplished in the last month and she wanted to show him her appreciation.

Maybe flowers? No, he sent her flowers on several occasions. She wanted to do something different, something unexpected. Maybe she could cook him a meal? She was a pretty good cook but she couldn't compare to his housekeeper who served him five course gourmet meals regularly.

She could show up at his office with cookies. She knew he loved chocolate chip cookies. She watched as several people walked by, wishing she could come up with something more interesting than simply bringing him cookies. That seemed like such a minor offering for what he'd given to her. It wasn't just sexual freedom or passion. Her feelings for Victor were so much deeper. She'd never been with someone so considerate, who challenged her opinions, made her laugh, teased her and was just fun to be around. She knew she was in deep. Her feelings were so much more intertwined than she wanted, but there was nothing she could do about it. How did one not fall in love with a man that made her feel wonderful on so many levels?

Someone walked by the window with a trench coat and a gust of wind swept through. The flap of the coat flipped back and Lana saw the woman's skirt underneath. It wasn't the skirt that caught her eye so much. But the fact that the trench coat flipped back.

Her mind considered an idea that was so outrageous, she instantly rejected it. Tossing it out of her mind, she forced herself to concentrate on the manuscript. But her mind kept coming back to the idea. It was daring and perhaps a little too risque. What if she irritated him by coming to his office? What if he was with someone else?

The risks were too much and she forced it again from her mind. She read through the same paragraph two more times, missing important punctuation errors and even a misspelled word before she gave up and put the pen down.

Continuing to watch the people outside, she debated the pros and cons of her idea. After only a few minutes, she realized that the cons side of her argument was made up mostly of her old fears about what was right and wrong in an intimate relationship. But what if his reaction was positive? What if he really liked it? If he was irritated, she could just hand him the cookies and back out of the office. If he were with others, or in a meeting, she could leave the cookies with his secretary and walk out, waiting until later when they met for dinner or whatever they had planned.

Deciding that she had to at least try out her idea or stop thinking about it, she pushed her manuscript back into her bag and tossed the whole thing over her shoulder. She wasn't exactly sure where to go for what she was looking for, but she started at the major department stores. After several tries, she eventually found it and made her purchase with nervous excitement.

Glancing at the clock, she realized she only had two hours to make up her mind. Telling herself it was now or never, she phoned Jimmy and arranged for him to pick her up a half hour earlier than Victor had previously arranged.

The grocery store was her last stop and she hurried through the store to get all the ingredients. Back in her apartment, she mixed up a batch of the chocolate chip cookies and put them in the oven. While they were cooking, she curled her hair then pulled it all on top of her head. When her hair was finished she applied her makeup subtly so he wouldn't know what was going on. The last part was the hardest. Pulling on the bra and garter belt was exciting, the silk stocking were erotic and she couldn't believe how much the idea of wearing this underwear turned her on. The buzzer to the lobby doors dinged just as she strapped the second lace stocking on.

The cookies smelled delicious but she didn't try one. Her stomach was filled with butterflies at what she was about to do. What if they were caught? Would Victor get into trouble with his company? Then she considered reality. Who would catch them her mind countered? She still wasn't sure what Victor did for a living, but he was obviously the owner of whatever he did since he owned a fleet of planes. He referred to his vice presidents on occasion so she knew that he was higher than they were.

Whatever his position, she was going to follow through with her plan.

She placed plastic wrap over the plate of cookies just as the doorbell rang indicating Jimmy was here to pick her up. Right on time, she thought with a fluttery smile.

Lana pulled on her trench coat and belted it tightly. She considered adding a wool scarf but then tossed it out. She'd look and feel silly since she was going from her building, to the back of Victor's limousine and straight into Victor's office building. A scarf would only be overkill and one more thing to carry once she was inside the warm building.

Picking up the plate of cookies, she answered her door, smiling at Jimmy who was waiting patiently on the other side. "Hi, Jimmy. I'm all ready. Is Victor still at his office?" she asked, following him out to the car.

"I just phoned Edith and she said he's finishing up for the night. He should be done just about there by the time we arrive."

Lana looked at him nervously. "He doesn't know I'm surprising him, does he?"

"I don't believe Edith mentioned it," he said with a wink as he held the door open for her.

Lana was relieved. "Thanks, Jimmy. You're wonderful," she said and reached up on her toes to give him a peck on his weathered cheek.

"Not a problem, Miss Lana," he replied with a huge grin and closed the door behind her.

She sat in the back of the car and tapped her high heeled pump nervously. The shoes matched her lacy bra and panty perfectly. The plate of cookies on her lap should have been a distraction, but because Jimmy was such a smooth driver, she didn't need to balance it much.

They arrived at Victor's office much too quickly and Lana had second, third and fourth thoughts about what she was about to do.

Courage, she told herself as she slipped carefully out of the back of the limousine. Walking up to the security desk, Jimmy was right behind her and introduced her, telling them to issue her a visitor's badge. That was something she hadn't prepared for. Where in the world was she supposed to put a security badge she thought frantically. Thankfully, the badge had a cord that she could hang around her neck so that was one problem solved.

Riding up the elevator, she thought about what she was going to do. Was it a good idea? Should she follow through?

Yes! She had to. Remembering the night he'd sent her the dress and how powerful she'd felt, how pretty and sexy and desirable, that helped spur her on.

"Good evening, Ms. Michaels. I'm Edith. We've spoken on the phone," an older woman smiled as soon as Lana walked up to the door. "He's currently on a conference call with some Japanese suppliers but I don't think he'll mind if you pop in. I was in there a moment ago and he's just about finished now." She finished turning off her computer, then pulled her coat out of the closet behind her. "He wasn't in the best of moods earlier. I don't know why."

Lana glanced at the older woman anxiously. "Uh oh. Is he like that often?"

Edith grinned conspiratorially. "He's been in a very good mood for the past six weeks."

Lana smiled back, enormously encouraged. She'd been seeing Victor for the past six weeks. That had to mean something, didn't it? Something around her heart area fluttered with excitement and the whole evening changed from something scary to something wonderful.

Taking a deep breath to gather her courage, she straightened her shoulders and looked at the door to his office with determination. "Thank you, Edith. I appreciate that. I'll let him know you left already."

She waved that aside and picked up her purse. "He's pushed me out the door, already. He's told me to get out of here several times already but I think he's pretty much finished for the night and won't need me anymore. It's my grandson's birthday so I'm told to head out of here immediately. Victor will be thrilled to see you."

Edith walked out of the office, winking at Lana as she turned the corner to the elevators. Lana gripped the cookies in her hands and squared her shoulders, her mind taking on a completely different attitude after Edith's comments.

Lana knocked on Victor's door and waited. There was a long silence and then she heard his voice. She didn't understand his words in the foreign language but she understood his tone. He was angry for some reason. She was just about to turn around, nervous about arriving at his office unannounced, when the door opened unexpectedly.

Victor's face when he saw her was initially surprised, then a smile formed on his face. He didn't say a word but waved her into his office, closing the door behind them.

He spoke in a language she didn't understand but he put a hand to the small of her back while he led her into his office, talking all the while.

She looked up at him, her eyes enquiring about whatever was going on. The conversation from his end seemed aggressive and she was wary about interrupting.

His only response was to shake his head and nod towards the phone on his desk. She nodded, understanding what he was silently telling her. Lana walked over to his desk, not wanting to interrupt as she placed the plate on his desk.

Victor said one more statement, then pressed the button on the phone that disconnected the call. "What a nice surprise," he said, pulling her into his arms and kissing her. "What's the occasion? I thought Jimmy was picking you up in a half hour."

Lana smiled warily and pushed the plate closer to him. "I don't want to interrupt you if you have things you still need to work on," she explained. "I just thought you'd like some cookies. As a kind of thank you."

Victor smiled and peeled the plastic away. "You made these just for me?" he asked, taking the top cookie off and taking a bite. "I don't think anyone has ever made me cookies before. That's very sweet." He leaned down and kissed her gently.

Lana accepted the kiss happily, relieved that she wasn't really interrupting him. When he lifted his head, she looked up, seeing the anger behind his calm facade. "Are you okay?" she asked.

Victor looked down at her, seeing the genuine concern and his heart warmed. "Why do you think something is wrong?" he asked. It occurred to him that no other woman he'd dated had been able to see through his expressions so easily. And definitely no man. What was it about this woman that was so different, he asked himself, not for the first time. He looked at her drab tan, trench coat that still couldn't hide the tiny waist and voluptuous breasts while soft brown wisps of hair floated around her shoulders. She was incredible, he thought to himself, munching on the chocolate chip cookie. And she even remembered his favorite type of dessert. No woman had bothered to get to know him, the real him. Several intimately knew his net worth and assets, but none had taken the time to find out about what was underneath. He was warmed by her caring.

Lana sighed and shook her head. "I'm sorry. I guess I was just imagining things. You just look like you've lost a friend," she explained.

Victor snatched another cookie and chewed it while taking in her caring. He'd never met anyone so perceptive. Most people thought of him as ice man, never revealing any of his emotions under any circumstances but this sweet woman with all of her gentle caring had understood something deep inside him.

"It's nothing." Lana watched him for a long moment, then sighed wearily. "If you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I'm sorry something isn't working for you."

Victor watched, wondering if he should talk to her. She looked defeated and he hated that he'd put that upon her. "Someone tried to attack one of my companies," he finally explained. "He thought to attack me from behind."

As he explained the stocks that had been slowly bought up and how Victor had discovered the impact, she was amazed once again at his intelligence, brilliance. Lana listened, astounded that he was revealing something about his business. She still had no idea what he did but it was another little peek into the man he kept so carefully hidden and she latched onto the information hungrily, eager to know more about him and what made him such a dynamic person. She looked up at him, reading that there was significantly more to the story than he was telling her. "It was a friend, wasn't it?" she asked gently, her hand reaching up to touch his face.

Victor was stunned at her perceptiveness and tried to shrug it off. "Only an acquaintance."

She knew it was more. "What happened?"

He didn't say anything for a long moment, then he finally said, "I destroyed him. But he won't know about it until Monday when the stock exchanges open up."

There was something hard and yet very vulnerable in the way he said that and her heart ached for him. He'd lost something tonight and it was more than just money. Something told her that he'd probably profited in this situation but he'd lost something more important. And he felt the pain of the situation more than he was willing to admit. "You're a survivor, aren't you?" she asked softly, her hands touching his chest gently.

Victor pulled her into his arms, not answering the question. "So are you."

Lana smiled at his compliment but knew it wasn't true. "Thank you for saying so but I don't think I survive quite as easily as you do."

He shook his head. "I disagree. You survive in a way that is comfortable for you," he said, leaning down and kissing her neck, breathing in her fresh scent, the orange blossoms blooming in her hair and felt cleansed. There was something brutal in business and, although he always felt a thrill of the challenge and no matter how much he tried to eliminate the human factor, he hadn't buried it deep enough for this wonderful woman to feel it. She was perceptive and beautiful and sensitive and everything he wanted in a female but hadn't realized he needed.

"What made you stop by here? You've never ventured into the lion's den before," he said, changing the subject, suddenly, inexplicably uncomfortable with her perceptiveness.

He watched the blush form on her porcelain cheeks and was intrigued. "Hmmm..." he mumbled, ready to solve the next mystery of his day. This one was much more interesting. "I think the lady has a secret. What on earth could it be?"

Standing I front of him now, knowing that seconds ago, he had been hurt by someone that he'd considered a friend, Lana felt selfish and somewhat out of place. Not to mention that, seeing where he worked and all of the trappings of his wealth, she realized that Victor was a much more powerful man than she'd previously thought. "I think I might have made a mistake," she explained, starting to back up, wanting to run out of his office and start the evening over again.

He smiled, a completely different look than what had been on his face moments before. "Ah, the mystery increases. What would make a lovely, sexy woman become so nervous suddenly?" His eyes looked down at her trench coat, seeing her hands nervously tightening on the belt that kept the sides closed together. "What could possibly be underneath that coat that would make you so nervous?" he asked, his tone still teasing but his hands were holding her, not letting her escape at all.

Shaking her head, she looked up at him nervously as she tightened the belt of her coat. "I think I made a mistake," she gasped and tried to step out of the circle of his arms. Unfortunately, he wouldn't let her retreat so easily.

"What would you consider a mistake?" he asked, brushing her hands aside, growing more and more intrigued. His smile grew as he saw her cheeks redden even more.

"Victor, please, I think I'll just step out of here and let you finish your work. We can talk later."

He grinned wolfishly. "I'm finished. That last call sold off all the stock in the aggressor company."

She blinked, startled that he had already done whatever he was going to do to the man who had dared to break into something he considered his. "You're very possessive, aren't you?" she asked.

"Very." He pulled her closer, taking her hands and lifting them away from her belt and placing them out of the way onto his chest, exactly where he wanted them to be. "I protect what's mine," he said aggressively, his mouth dropping to cover her mouth, distracting her from retreat. His hands made quick work of the belt.

When Victor's hands encountered skin instead of a silky dress, his mouth froze. Pulling back, he looked down into Lana's eyes and saw her shy smile and the pink stealing into her cheeks. He looked lower and inhaled sharply. She wasn't wearing anything but little pieces of black lace holding up her beautiful breasts. His body, already aching for her, became uncontrollable.

"You're beautiful," he groaned, his eyes still taking in her figure. His eyes were now traveling down over her stomach to the garter belt and stockings, his head shaking back and forth as he absorbed all of this. "You didn't come here just to deliver the cookies," he said as if to himself.

His eyes traveled back up to her face and he captured her wary expression with his heated gaze. "Lana..." he started to say but he couldn't form the words. She was so lovely and painfully shy right now as she tried to become the seductress. He wasn't sure if he was more turned on by her bravery or the outfit but he didn't care at that moment. All he could think about was sinking into her silky heat. His hands grabbed her by the waist, conscious thought gone now and only instinct and the need for relief from this insanity that had gripped him were the driving force. He settled her onto his desk and leaned forward, his arm holding her up as his mouth covered her breast through the black lace. He heard her cry of pleasure but couldn't stop himself, couldn't slow down. He was too turned on.

His fingers tore off the scrap of lace covering her core and his fingers moved her legs apart. When his finger slid inside her, he had to close his eyes in order to regain a measure of control. But her body moving against him, her breath against his neck and her soft little mummers of pleasure took him over the edge. Moving quickly, he adjusted his clothing and, within moments, sunk into her, groaning as his body filled her up, her softness taking all of him. He couldn't stop, couldn't slow down.

Lana couldn't believe how incredible Victor felt at that moment. She hadn't realized how exciting this little adventure could be but seeing the stark look of desire ignite in his eyes, her own body matched his in passion. When he moved against her, she wanted more, faster, harder, her fingers gripping his shoulders, her nails digging into his skin. And when he took her over the edge, she had no awareness of anything except her complete capitulation to his heated hands. He was in control, as if she were a puppet who happily sang whatever song he played and she sang with satisfaction when he followed her, holding him close, her mouth against his neck as they slowly came back to reality.

"I think I've fired people for doing this," he groaned against her mouth, his lips caressing hers softly.

Lana laughed and the sound was absorbed into his lazy kiss. "I doubt your bosswill find out," she murmured as she kissed his jaw line. "He's probably already home with his wife and kids by now."

He chuckled again. "I hate to break it to you but I'm the boss." Lana was startled by that news. "You're the boss of what?" she asked, the lethargy she'd felt a moment earlier receding. She'd suspected as much, but hearing him confirm it was a bit startling.

"I'm the boss of this company," he explained, surprised that she didn't know. The look in her eyes told him that he wasn't lying. She had no idea who he was, he realized. "Lana, didn't you know that I'm Victor Davenport?"

She smiled tentatively and pulled out of his arms, straightening her coat and pushing her hair back into place. "Well, of course I know your name," she laughed. "But you don't really own this company, do you?" She looked at him as he zipped up his fly. "Goodness! You didn't even get undressed!" she exclaimed.

He looked at her distraught features and smiled. "You didn't give me much warning," he teased.

She tried to smile but deep down, Lana was too horrified. "I know but..."

Victor immediately understood and he eliminated the two feet of space she'd put between them. "Lana, its okay to have wild, passionate sex once in a while. It doesn't make you less of a woman."

She glanced up from underneath her lashes, trying to judge if he was being honest with her. She saw the sincerity in his eyes and was relieved. "Thank you," she whispered.

He laughed softly and pulled her against him. feeling. His hands rubbed up and down her spine. somewhere for something terribly decadent for dinner?" he suggested. "Thank you," he replied with

"How about if I take you out

Lana smiled up at his handsome face, about to reply when her whole body froze in horror. Her smile disappeared as the realization of what she'd done hit her.

"What's wrong?" he asked, feeling the sudden tension in her body.

Lana pulled out of his arms and re-tied the coat securely. "I...um...well...Jimmy needs to take me back to my place," she said carefully.

He could see that something was extremely wrong but was feeling too good. He couldn't fathom what could possibly be wrong after some of the best sex of his life and, what's more, anticipation of more of the same later that night. He watched in fascination as the blush crept up her porcelain cheekbones and was intrigued. "Care to share the issue with me?" he asked casually, leaning a hip against his desk and pulling her between his legs.

Lana shook her head. "I just need to stop by my apartment for a few minutes, if you don't mind."

He considered her suggestion carefully. "Well, I will permit it if you'll tell me what's going on."

She fiddled with the buttons on his shirt and sighed, accepting his no-getting-outof-this tone of voice. Truth be told, she liked his authoritative tone. It turned her on, not that she was going to tell him that. The man had too much power over her as it was. She didn't want to give him any other weapons. "Would you be so kind, sir, as to permit me to change into something a little more respectable for dining out?"

Victor had to think about her words and her request for a long moment before he threw back his head and laughed. It took several minutes before his laughter died down and Lana chuckled along with him, enjoying his good humor and knowing she'd helped him achieve it. When the laughter finally subsided, she looked at him from under her lashes and nodded her head. "Yes, I completely forgot to bring along street clothes."

"So you really did come to me almost naked, didn't you?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact, I did," she replied with a flick of her head. "And if you will be so kind, I would like to become more presentable."

He groaned and pulled her closer. "I'm not sure I'm going to allow it."

She laughed. "And what are you going to do to stop me?"

He growled as his mouth nipped at her neck. "I might just pull you into the back of the car, tell Jimmy to drive to my place where I can have my wicked way with you all over again."

Her eyes flared with his idea, liking it more than her own.

He watched, impressed and intrigued as her mind started floating along with his own mindset. "I can see that you're just as tempted as I am at the idea. Are you sure you wouldn't like a nice meal at some glitzy restaurant?" He realized at the last moment that he was testing her but, just as he'd suspected, she passed the test with flying colors. She shook her head and whispered in his ear that she'd thoroughly enjoy spending a quiet evening alone with him.

"I'll make grilled cheese sandwiches, we can watch a movie and you can continue your lessons," she whispered. She smiled up at him and, astonishingly, she nipped his ear before pulling away.

Victor couldn't remember ever wanting a woman as badly as he wanted Lana. And the more he had her, the more he wanted her. It was becoming an obsession he couldn't do without.

And when she looked up at him with those soft, blue eyes, with suggestions of a cozy night, just the two of them and lots of potential, he could barely keep his hands off of her. "I think I can accommodate you easily," he said.

He took her back to his place and handed her a large shirt for her to wear. "You should leave some clothes here," he suggested and couldn't believe he'd just said that. He'd never lived with a woman. He'd never even allowed one to sleep here with him before because he preferred to sleep alone. But the idea of Lana leaving him after making love sincerely bothered him. He wouldn't even wake her up in the morning except to make love to her again, wanting her to be in his bed when he left for work in the morning.

As he opened a bottle of red wine, he watched her cook and realized that he was even leaving work earlier in order to spend time with her in the evenings, asking Jimmy to pick her up and having her here so he could enter this place and see her smiling greeting. He liked coming home to her and that astonished him.

He hadn't thought about it, but she'd been here every night to meet him, or he'd picked her up at her place for the past six weeks. And throughout it all, he'd never been so satisfied, although that was a difficult adjective to apply to himself right now. As he watched her turn over the sandwiches, the large shirt he'd given her skimmed over her cute little bottom. He knew she wasn't wearing any underwear, since he'd torn it off of her at the office. He moved to the side, pouring the wine into two glasses while his eyes watched her incredible legs. Sure enough, he was privileged to see a small glimpse of her smooth, sexy bottom as she twisted, putting the sandwiches onto plates and turning back to turn off the stove.

She smiled over at him and his erection increased. Her smile was so beautiful and alluring. He wouldn't mind seeing more of it and his mind went into overdrive in an attempt to come up with more ideas on how to make her laugh and smile.

They spent the evening watching movies, sipping wine and making love on his sofa. When the movie finally was over, he lifted her into his arms and carried her back to his bed where he tucked her in beside him.

As he watched her lashes flutter down against her smooth cheeks, he wondered what it would be like to see her every day, to know she was here, working on her books in his office or out on the terrace. He couldn't believe how much he liked the idea, how much he wanted her to agree to his plans. He thought about waking her up and suggesting it, but she was sleeping so peacefully and at that moment, she curled up against him, her arm sweeping across his stomach and her breath coming out in a contented sigh.

Instead of waking her, he pulled her closer and leaned back against the pillows. He wasn't tired, only needing four or five hours of sleep himself. Instead, he started making plans in his mind, forming arguments and setting up storage places for her furniture. Actually, it might be better for her to sell it, he thought. It would give her extra cash and she wouldn't have the monthly expense of paying for storage. All around, it was a win-win situation, he knew.

Chapter 12

Lana was hurrying back into her apartment after spending the afternoon together sailing. Victor was waiting downstairs. He was talking on his cell phone to someone discussing numbers but she knew he'd be finished soon and she didn't want to keep him waiting. He was taking her somewhere for dinner but he wouldn't say where, only to dress up in something black and mysterious.

As soon as she opened the door to her apartment, she sensed something was wrong. She stood in the doorway, looking around. Nothing was out of place that she could see but everything looked a little more messed than she'd thought she'd left things. Her hand rested on the door knob, the small hairs rising on her neck. When she saw the discarded bottle top laying on the counter, she shivered. She never drank beer. How had the top gotten onto her counter?

Lana was grateful for her instincts and slowly started backing out of the apartment, trying to be as quiet as possible so as not to alert anyone if they were still in the apartment. She just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible.

A movement in her bedroom startled her and she froze. Her mind told her frantically to get out, to run and slam the door in the process. But her feet would not obey the command. Fear had taken over and she was paralyzed. Her eyes widened as the shadow moved and Lana almost screamed. But even her vocal cords were not obeying her command, so desperate was her fear.

And then he appeared, beer in hand, hair disheveled, several day's growth on his face and she had to gasp in surprise. "Drew!" she almost shouted, the intensity of her relief making her hot and cold at the same time. She put a hand to her forehead as the terror finally drained out of her, leaving her body weak. Sagging against the door, she dropped her hand and glared at him. "What are you doing in my apartment?" she asked angrily.

Drew's smirk only hinted at bad things to come as he walked toward her. "Ah, my little Lana. What do you think I'm doing here?" His shrill laughter initiated a return of her sense of alarm. The roller coaster of emotions was taking its toll on her mentally, she was confused and not sure what to do in this situation. She'd never seen Drew like this before and she wasn't sure how to handle him. Although that wasn't saying much. She'd never really understood how to handle him despite their years of dating and marriage.

Taking a deep breath and trying to appear more calm than she felt, she said, "I'm sure I couldn't guess your intentions but you need to leave. Immediately." She hoped the firmness of her voice would convince him of her intentions, but she was destined to be disappointed.

He chuckled in response. "Why should I? My name's still on the lease. Legally, I'm just as entitled to be here as you are." He moved closer to her, his eyes dropping from her shining brown hair all the way down to her Prada high heeled shoes, lingering as they passed over her breasts pushing against the soft, woolen coat Victor had insisted on buying her. She hated the way his look made her feel and cringed inwardly all the while trying to appear calm and in control outwardly. She didn't want to give Drew any more power. He'd had enough during their marriage and she wouldn't do that again.

"That's where you're wrong, Drew. I'm not so silly that I wouldn't overlook something that significant legally. I changed the lease after you left," she quickly explained. "It's all legal and you have no right to be here. You've basically broken into my apartment and have entered it illegally and I have every right to call the police and haven you arrested." She crossed her arms over her chest and her chin jutted out, defiance written all over her face and body language.

His eye brows shot up at that explanation. "Well, wasn't that smart of you? I wouldn't have anticipated anything that intelligent coming from you."

"More flattery, Drew?" Her insides were twisting painfully and she was embarrassed that she had married this shell of a man. He was so pathetic and all she could think about was getting back downstairs to Victor. She would have to hurry, she knew because Victor wouldn't wait downstairs for long and she wanted this embarrassing scene finished before he came up and found Drew in her apartment.

"I can dish it out, honey!" he laughed and his humor almost toppled him over.

"Drew, you have to leave," she said firmly, standing her ground and not showing any of her fear on her face. Drew was drunk and there was no telling what he might do in this condition.

His laughter stopped and he glared at her from several feet away although he had to prop himself up on the doorway to keep steady. "Why? Your boyfriend going to come up and kick me out?"

Lana wished that were the case but, despite Victor's amazing amount of muscles, she couldn't imagine him resorting to violence. He was much too urbane.

"Let's just say there's no point to your presence in this apartment and leave it at that?"

Drew laughed harshly. "What you're saying is that you don't have a boyfriend, do you?" He turned and walked over to her desk. His hand picked up a stack of papers. He turned to mock her. "Can't get a man of your own so you've resorted to inventing your own? What happened to your receptionist job? Not working out for you?" He dumped the papers back onto her desk and Lana wanted to rush over and save the stack, half of which fell to the floor in his careless replacement. "You won't get published," he sneered. "You don't have it in you to be in that kind of cutthroat business. Besides, no one really reads that kind of drivel," he slurred out. "Why don't you try writing a real book? Maybe that would have better success and you can get out of your dreary life?"

"What do you want?" Lana demanded, not bothering to contradict his assessment of her character or her writing skills. It made her proud of her accomplishments now that he was saying she'd never make it anywhere. She'd already been published several times, and was now living off of the income from those stories. She's never tell him that. Not that she was ashamed, but she just didn't think he had any need to know her business. He was in her past and she was eternally thankful for that.

"Tell me about your receptionist job?" he asked, leaning against her desk as if he had all the time in the world.

Lana took a deep breath, disgusted with him and refusing to be intimidated. "Drew, you ask that question as if there was something wrong with being a receptionist. But I'll have you know that there are a lot of people out there who enjoy the interaction with new people and are very good at being a receptionist. They enjoy it and take a great deal of pride in their work."

"How would you know?"

She straightened her shoulders to confront him. "Because I was one of them. I genuinely enjoyed meeting new people each day as well as the people who worked in the office. Their requests weren't demeaning. In fact, helping them with small tasks made me feel good and needed. I was useful. I can't say the same about being married to you. So in fact, you walking out on me for another woman was the best thing you ever did for me. I'm different now and I'd appreciate it if you would leave this apartment immediately before I call the police and have you arrested for trespassing."

Drew chuckled. "You're bluffing but you're pretty good at it." He walked across the small den toward her. "Now be a good girl and cook me some dinner and we'll talk about getting back together. Okay?"

Lana couldn't contain the revulsion from showing on her face at his suggestion. "Get out, Drew!" she stated emphatically and held the door open for him.

He sneered at her. "Going to play hard to get? I won't apologize for leaving you. You were a pathetic creature before." His eyes slid down her figure once again, just as nauseating as the last time. "You're looking pretty good now though. You'd look great if you'd just put on a little more weight though."

Her hands were fisted by her sides and she forced her mind not to listen to his insults. He was just insecure about himself and was trying to make himself feel better by putting her down. "I'm the same person I was two years ago."

His eyes traveled over her figure once again, his head shaking back and forth. "No way, darlin'. I don't know what it is, but you're definitely different. And I like it."

He moved closer to her and Lana realized her mistake in standing firmly by the door. She was now trapped as an arm came out to snatch her around the waist. "How about we adjourn to the bedroom and see how much of a change has occurred. Are you still boring in bed?" he asked a moment before his mouth covered hers.

Initially Lana was too shocked to move but when his lips started to move and she felt his tongue demanding entry to her mouth, the revulsion increased, snapping her out of her frozen state. "Ugh!" she pushed at his shoulders but he wouldn't let her go, his arms wrapped around her waist and pulling her close. "Get away from me!" she shouted, trying to get out of his grasp but he was still stronger than she was and he only laughed maliciously as she wiggled against him ineffectually. "Drew, let go!"

The panic increased when she felt his body harden against her thigh and she felt the bile rise up in her throat. Praying for strength, she pushed with all her might against his shoulders, her face turned away, her nails clawing at his skin wherever she could get him. "Get away!"

Suddenly, she was free and almost fell to the floor when Drew's weight was gone. She looked around, confused but saw with delight when Victor tossed Drew out of her apartment against the wall of the hallway. He landed with a thud, then fell to the floor.

"I believe the lady asked you to get off of her," he said, his fists clenching at his sides.

He swung the door shut and turned quickly, pulling his cell phone out of his coat pocket. "Jimmy, there's a man on the floor outside Lana's apartment. Make sure he's not there when we leave in a few moments."

He snapped the cell phone shut and looked at Lana. Instantly recognizing her terrified expression, he muttered under his breath, then took her gently into his arms, holding her close but not threatening her with his strength.

"I'm sorry, Lana. I didn't get here sooner or he never would have touched you."

Lana held him with her arms, wrapping herself up around his warmth and letting her body absorb his strength. "Thank you for that," she whispered, ashamed that she was so thrilled that he'd protected her. Wasn't she supposed to be a strong female and be able to take care of herself? She thought about it for less than a fraction of a second before reliving the thrill of seeing him toss her ex-husband out. It had to rank on up as one of the best moments of her life.

"How did he get in here?" he demanded, still holding her in his arms, his hands feeling her body to make sure she was truly okay. Victor tried to get the image of her horrified expression out of his mind but he kept seeing her features, eyes closed, revulsion on her face and her hands trying desperately to push the guy away from her. He hadn't protected her and he blamed himself.

"He's my ex-husband. He had a key."

He pulled back slightly. "You didn't have the locks changed when he left?"

Lana looked straight ahead which meant she was staring at his tie, ashamed that she hadn't had the forethought to do something like that. "No. At the time, I couldn't imagine any reason why he would bother. I changed the lease so it was only in my name. But at the time, I couldn't spare the money to change the locks. And then, when I did have some extra cash, I just didn't think about it."

Victor sighed, not passing judgment since he hadn't been in her shoes. "You can't stay here," he said, hearing the dissipating sounds of Jimmy dragging a resisting man down the hallway. He felt her stiffen in his arms and tightened his hold. "You'll have to stay at my place until we figure out what to do next." He released her and looked down into her soft, blue eyes. "Go pack your bags. You're not coming back here, Lana," he said firmly. He'd been trying to figure out how to get her to move in with him for several days so this was serendipitous, even though he wished she hadn't had to go through the terror of being mauled by the inebriated jerk to get to this point.

Lana stared up at him, her eyes huge and shocked. "You want me to move in with you?"

He smiled at her timid expression, trying to reassure her but still hide his satisfaction at how this whole thing had come about. He didn't think she would appreciate his sense of satisfaction, at least not yet. "Yes. For as long as you'd like. I'll help you find a new place to live, but you're not staying here another day."

Lana didn't want to argue with him. She smiled up into his face, her body moving closer to touch his jaw gently with her fingers. "You'd do that for me?"

"In a heartbeat," he said. He didn't tell her that he'd been considering this for the past several days and just hadn't figured out how to introduce the subject. He knew she was just out of a bad relationship and didn't want to push her too quickly, but nor was he going to let her get away from him. He just needed time to convince her that they could make a go of it.

If he had to take it in stages, then so be it. Moving into his place was the next step. After that, he'd figure out how to stop her from moving out. A marriage proposal might be too soon at this stage, especially since he'd just physically thrown out her previous husband, but he'd work around her aversion to marriage eventually.

Victor put a hand to the small of her back. "Go pack all your clothes," he told her, taking out his cell phone and calling his secretary. "I'll get movers in here to pack up your furniture and move it into a storage facility until you find a place you want to live." He didn't mention he wanted that place to be right with him. Patience, he reminded himself.

Lana happily walked into her bedroom and quickly packed up all the clothes she could fit into her one suitcase. She didn't have more than one because Drew didn't like to travel so there hadn't been a need to have multiple suitcases. She was so excited about Victor's offer she didn't care about the rest of her clothes. She wanted him so badly, on so many levels that it scared her at times. But, she reasoned as she closed her case and zipped it up, she would take whatever he could offer her and work out the details later. Just one day at a time, she told herself, taking a deep breath.

The living arrangement wouldn't last. She didn't even try to convince herself of anything different. Victor was a bachelor and this was only a temporary arrangement. She'd have to be careful and quickly find a new apartment so she wouldn't get in his way too much. The worst way to end a relationship, so she'd read, was to invade a person's space. Moving in with Victor definitely qualified as a personal invasion.

One week, she told herself. She'd spend most of her time this week finding a new place and she'd impose on his time as little as possible.

Pulling her suitcase out of the bedroom, she found Victor pacing through the small confines of her apartment. "Do you need your computer?" he asked, quickly walking over to take her suitcase from her fingers. He lifted it as if it didn't weigh over forty pounds and Lana was again amazed at his incredible strength. A man who worked in an office shouldn't be so buff, she thought to herself smiling.

"Ummm..." she stopped fantasizing about his muscles when he raised his eyebrows in question. "Yes. I'll need my computer," she answered finally and rushed over to shut it down and pack it in the case with the plug and mouse. She stacked the papers on the floor, resolving to sort them out later. She wanted to hurry and get out of here, not wanting to be in this place anymore. It was tainted with Drew now and she didn't like it.

As she closed the door, taking one last look at the small but comfortable apartment, she wondered why the space was now contaminated with Drew's presence in her mind. She'd lived here with him. There were many bad memories of arguments, painful sexual encounters and Drew's almost constant criticisms. But none of it had mattered until he'd done his worst today. Maybe it was because it was a violation of her feelings for Victor, or maybe she'd just recovered enough from his taunts that she was able to see them for what they were. Either way, she was glad to be moving on to the next part of her life. And no regrets.

The next fourteen days were a crazy blur. She spent the mornings editing and polishing her manuscript, then the afternoons roaming through the available apartments for rent within the city, seeking to find something within her price range that looked decent with enough space. She found three that would work well and called Victor, excited about the possibilities. As soon as she told him about the apartments, he demanded to look at them before she considered signing a lease.

As soon as he walked into the first one, he found several reasons to eliminate it from her list. When he toured the actual apartment, he stood in the middle and shook his head. "No way, Lana. This definitely won't work."

The same thing happened at the other two and Lana had to concede that his points about the apartments were valid. So she continued searching. Unfortunately, the same thing happened with all the apartments she showed him.

She was becoming frustrated with her progress at house hunting but, since Victor didn't seem to mind her staying, she accepted the current arrangement. But she still searched diligently for something that would work and would also get her out of Victor's space.

The progress on her book was much better. With the quiet of his penthouse, as well as all the wonderful amenities, she was working through the details quickly, loving the way the plot was unfolding. Victor even told her to use his office during the day. She refused, telling him that she was already imposing on him too much as it is. His only response was raised eyebrows and a mysterious grin.

She was stunned when Edna answered the door one afternoon and a team of delivery people paraded through the rooms. Within an hour, her own office was set up in the room right next to his office complete with a beautiful delicate desk, lovely, colorful carpets, even a set of overstuffed chairs and ottoman so she could snuggle down in their softness while editing. She couldn't believe Victor's thoughtfulness. When he came home that night, she'd made a delicious, but simple dinner for him, complete with his second favorite dessert of tiramisu.

"Thank you for the office," she said as soon as he walked into the penthouse. She was holding a dry martini for him and a lemon drop martini for herself, a concoction he'd introduced her to and she'd loved immediately. Reaching up, she pressed a soft kiss on his jaw. But he pulled her closer, accepting the martini with one hand and wrapping the other around her waist.

"Do you like the furniture?" he asked, deepening the kiss before pulling away to look at her eyes so he could see if she was just being nice.

She looked into his dark eyes and smiled, her heart overflowing with love for this man who was generous in so many ways. "I love it. I've never worked at anything so beautiful."

"Is it romantic enough for you?" he smiled, his eyes looking at her soft lips and soulful blue eyes that were so expressive.

"Very. I cooked dinner for you," she said. She loved the surprise in his eyes. "Yes, I cook. Nothing like Norma can do but I hope you like it."

Victor was touched. No woman had ever cooked for him before, most of them needling him to take them out for dinner to the latest must-be-seen-in restaurant. But Lana wasn't like them, he knew. She didn't look for ways to get his money. She seemed to just like being with him.

He followed her, enjoying both the smell of whatever was cooking as well as the view from behind as she walked through the living room. "I'm sure it will be delicious."

Lana smiled and led him through the massive rooms to the dining room. There were chairs for twenty people at the table but she'd covered only one end with a white linen cloth and set out place settings for them together. "Have a seat and I'll get dinner ready. I'll be back in a moment."

She walked into the kitchen and wasn't surprised to see him follow her. He talked while she finished the meal, tossing the salad and fixing the steaks in the broiler. The evening was a wonderful success. They talked, laughed, discussed the latest politics and relaxed while sipping wine. And when Victor pulled her into his lap, she happily complied, eager for his touch and his kisses.

Chapter 13

Lana closed her computer and sighed happily. Looking at the finished manuscript, she ran a hand lovingly over the papers. This was truly one of her best efforts. The book was perfect, the characters more intense and the plot much better than she ever could have come up with before meeting Victor. And there was sex. Great sex.

She bit her lower lip, not liking the fact that several of the love scenes were written about the scenes she and Victor had actually done together. She hated the idea that others would see into her personal life. Did she want others to read all the things she'd done with Victor? Oh, the scenes were different and there were slight variations but overall, the sex was theirs.

She hesitated once again. She should rewrite the scenes, make them a little less personal.

Her cell phone rang and she grimaced when she saw who the caller was. "Hi, Nancy," she sighed as she answered the call. "Yes, the book is ready." She listened for a long moment. "I know. The deadline is this afternoon. I'm on my way to deliver it now."

She spoke the words that would seal the deal, shivering slightly as she remembered some of the scenes. She closed her phone and picked up both the hard copy as well as the electronic version on CD. She'd have to hurry or she'd withdraw the book from publication. And she couldn't hesitate any longer. She needed the money and she couldn't live off of Victor's generosity forever. She had to make it on her own, knowing that they would break up sooner or later. She'd been with him for longer than she'd ever thought possible and she needed to start bracing herself for the inevitable breakup.

It was starting to snow when she stepped out of the building and Jimmy was waiting for her with the car. "To Century Publishing, if you don't mind," she asked, smiling to Jimmy before ducking into the back of the car.

"You got it, ma'am," he said and closed the door behind her before moving around to the driver's side.

He drove with calm efficiency and had her at the publisher's building with time to spare. Lana would have liked more time to figure out her thoughts, but now it was too late.

Once inside Nancy's office, she waited while Nancy was in a staff meeting.

"Goodness," Nancy said, breezing into the small office and sitting down at her overly crowded desk. "I can't believe all the changes that are happening around here. The only saving grace is that our new owner is one of the hottest men I've ever met in my life." She sat down at her desk and smiled at Lana. "In fact, he looks like the guy in your latest novel, I'd say but I know that's impossible." Nancy laughed at her outrageous comment. "So you've got it for me?"

That comment startled her and she wanted to think about it. There was something she was missing but she just couldn't put her finger on it. She thought about the man in her book, how strong and dynamic he was and an image of her main character floated through her mind. There weren't just similarities in Lana's character to Victor. They were almost identical. She'd taken a bit of creative liberties, but Victor was too wonderful, handsome and overwhelming not to have ended up as her leading character. Lana bit her lower lip, hesitating once again. "I have it," she confirmed but didn't hand over either the hard copy or the electronic version.

Nancy glanced down at Lana's lap, not understanding her friend's hesitation. Authors were notoriously happy to have anyone read their work, after all, most had put their souls into the effort. "Okay...can I have it?" she said with a teasing tone of voice when Lana maintained her white knuckled grip on the manuscript.

Lana desperately wanted to hold back, knowing this would be published, that everyone would read it and see into her personal love life. And there was no way she could get around the fact that it really was her love life. She was madly in love with Victor.

But she was a romance writer, she told herself. She'd always used her experiences for her novels. This was no different than all her other stories, she tried to convince herself. The intimate details of her love life were just as relevant for her stories as buying a cup of coffee at a coffee shop, as long as everything pushed the plot along.

"Yes," Lana said decisively and handed over both versions to her editor quickly before she changed her mind and ran out of the office.

Nancy brightened, taking the manuscripts with relief. "Good! I thought something was holding you back. I can't wait to get this set up. And read the last few chapters which you've selfishly been holding out on, haven't you?" she said with a teasing voice.

Lana looked away, outside Nancy's office, clasping her hands in her lap to keep them from reaching for the pages back. It was then that she felt the electricity swoop through her body. The feeling was exactly the way she felt each time Victor entered a room and she looked around, confused.

Then she saw him. "Victor?" she whispered, looking towards the conference room where a group of men and women were talking with Victor who was patiently answering their questions as he walked down the hallway.

Nancy heard her and looked down the hallway. "Yep. That's the man in the flesh, so to speak," she laughed. "That's Victor Davenport, our new owner. He's the man responsible for all the changes around here." She chuckled softly, before saying, "But you can't be mad at him for the changes like you were two months ago. This is honestly the best writing you've ever done and if he hadn't eliminated the previous line you were writing for, you'd never have excelled so dramatically."

Lana felt as if her world was starting to spin out of control. Victor was the publisher? No, that wasn't right. He owned a cosmetics company. But weren't there other companies Victor owned? He'd mentioned that his previous friend had tried to attack "one of his companies" which meant that there were more than one and definitely more than a cosmetic giant under the conglomerate. Did he own the publishing company as well? Or maybe just controlling stock in it? That made more sense. But how could she have missed that? And why hadn't he told her?

His eyes locked with hers and she saw the smile form on his face. The look he gave her froze her insides and she looked away. In that same instant, her eyes fell on the manuscript still in Nancy's arms. The book!

Her eyes moved from the manuscript back to Victor and all the pieces fell into place. He was the new owner of the publishing company. And he wanted more sex in the books. She was one of the writers, hence he'd do anything to increase sales. Including showing a poor, dumb writer how to add a little sex to the mix.

Lana finally understood, all the lessons, all the sweet gifts. They were all ways he could increase the sales of his books. It wasn't about her and forming a relationship with Lana. To Victor, it was all about the bottom line.

The shock must have shown on her face because Victor's expression mirrored the horror she was feeling inside. He took a step toward her and she took a step back, unable to get close to him under the circumstances.

She finally tore her gaze away from him and looked around, her eyes frantically searching for an escape. She had to get away, she had to hide and think. Rushing out of Nancy's office, she tore down the hallway, ignoring the surprised and indignant expressions on the other people in the office as she brushed by them, desperately trying to make it to the elevator before she broke down in tears. She'd done that already and it was the main reason she was here in this situation. She would not repeat that humiliation, especially since Victor was bearing down on her with his long stride and determined expression.

She couldn't think of anything except getting away from him. Lana knew that, if he caught up with her, he'd pull her into his arms and he'd make her feel better. If there was anything about Victor she could count on it was his ability to spin situations in his favor.

She jammed her finger to the elevator call button but at the same moment, she heard him call her name with his deep, hypnotic voice. She abandoned the elevator and slipped into the stairwell, taking a long, deep breath in an effort to silence her disloyal heart. Her whole body was starting to shake with the pain of his betrayal and she wasn't sure she'd be able to handle the situation right now.

Getting away was all she could think of at this moment. She couldn't let him talk his way out of this and slide everything so it would work to his benefit, once again. She couldn't allow that. She knew what was happening and she didn't want to hear him spin this away.

She rushed down the stairs, her heart racing and her breathing frantic with the effort to move faster. She burst out of the building and looked at the beautiful winter's day. She wasn't sure how it could be so wonderful when her entire world had just crumbled around her feet. Hadn't it been snowing when she'd walked into Nancy's office just a few minutes ago? She looked down at her watch and realized that it was over an hour since she'd gone inside. The light snow had already melted and the clouds blown away, leaving only blue skies and bright sunshine.

Lifting her arm, she numbly hailed a cab, ignoring Jimmy's surprised expression as he stepped out of the car.

"Ma'am?" he called out, starting to walk toward her but Lana shook her head.

"I have to go, Jimmy. Thank you!" Without another word, she ducked into the back seat of the cab. "Just go," she almost yelled to the cab driver, terrified that Victor would emerge from the building at any moment. She watched the front doors and sure enough, a moment later, she saw him explode from the building, his eyes searching the sidewalk traffic for her. Jimmy called out, his arm indicating her direction and Victor's jaw hardened as he nodded to Jimmy.

The cab turned the corner at that moment so she didn't see if he was able to catch up with her and she sighed in relief, turning to face forward in the cab. She let the tears fall now that she was finally alone.

"Where to, lady?" the cab driver asked, somewhat politely since he noticed her distraught expression. Cab drivers in New York City weren't known for their compassion but she didn't blame them. They had to endure a lot from the people in this heartless town.

Lana tried to concentrate. She looked out of the window and tried to get her bearings. She was in the middle of London but wasn't very familiar with the specific street. "Um...could you just take me to a decent hotel?" she asked, unsure of where she would go from here. All she knew was that she needed time to figure things out and decide how she was going to take the next step. And even what the next step would be.

The hotel the cab driver dropped her off at was fine but was one of those nondescript places that wouldn't stick out in her mind. The decor was mostly grays and mauves but nothing that would differentiate it from any of the other mid-level hotels she'd been in during her childhood.

Checking in was painless as she just gave the front desk clerk her credit card and was handed a key, thanking the clerk for the map of New York City but declining it just the same. She wasn't here to see the sights but to avoid being seen.

As soon as she was able to close the door behind herself, she fell onto the bed, her body wracked with tears of shame and humiliation. How could she have been so gullible as to think someone as handsome and dynamic as Victor would be interested in a nobody like her? She wasn't his type. She wasn't sure about the kinds of women he'd been with in the past but imagined they were all super glamorous and ultra chic. She hadn't even been able to kiss properly before meeting him.

And he was wealthy. That had been obvious from the start so why had she ignored that little detail and figured out who he was? There had been so many clues, why had she just buried her head in the sand for so many months? The more she thought about their relationship and how silly, gullible and pathetic she'd been with him, the more embarrassed she was. The tears flowed unchecked and her shoulders shook with the violence of her anger and sadness.

After a long while, the sobbing slowly subsided and she was able to think a little, consider what she knew about him and start to think about things more objectively. Slowly, she thought about all the times she'd been with him, the things they'd done together and the conversations they'd had. Was there ever a point at which she ignored a big red flag? She'd even been to his office and knew the kind of power he wielded.

Oh, what was the use, she thought, wiping her eyes with yet another dissolving tissue. She'd been so obliviously happy that she wouldn't have recognized a red flag if it was printed with a huge "danger" sign and flapped in the wind outside her window.

Sitting up, she looked around and decided that it was time to get her head out of the clouds. She needed to know who she had been with for the past two months. Thankfully, she'd had the forethought to take her computer and mercifully the hotel had high speed internet.

She had difficulty logging on since her eyes kept blurring with tears. But she finally got her computer hooked up and running and the internet connection was definitely fast. Too fast, she thought as she pulled up a search on Victor Davenport. What she found genuinely scared her. Victor was more than wealthy. He was a billionaire that owned what seemed like half of the world. The list of companies he owned went on and on, and the list she was reviewing didn't even have the publishing or cosmetics companies he'd just acquired. There were articles with him meeting with the Prime Ministers of various European countries, monarchs, even the American president.

Good grief, she thought as she switched from the business articles to the gossip columns. Seeing the pictures of Victor with the women he escorted to the various charities and society functions made her stomach churn. They only confirmed what she'd been thinking earlier. She wasn't anything like these women. They were stunningly gorgeous and all of them looked so confident and secure as they posed for pictures on Victor's arms, smiling for the cameras as if they had been born into the life, and they probably had been.

There were supermodels, actresses, many of whom she'd seen at the cinema, and many more society women, all of whom were incredibly beautiful and sophisticated. At the time, she'd genuinely respected the actresses' talents. Now, seeing them on her computer, draped against the man she'd thought she was in love with, she hated them beyond anything she'd considered having the capacity to hate.

Shutting down the computer, she laid on the bed and stared at the ceiling. How was she going to survive? She had no idea and simply rolled onto her side, letting the sadness take over, unable to fight the feelings any longer. Burying her head in the pillows, she eventually cried herself to sleep. Occasionally, she woke up and ordered food and coffee, but after only a few bites, she was uninterested and placed the tray outside to be picked up by the seemingly silent hotel staff.

Two days later, she knew she'd have to get up and do something about her situation. She hadn't left the hotel room for anything and now she was starting to feel the effects of only nibbling at her meals for seventy-two hours. As she showered, she knew she was going to have to pull herself together. She didn't bother to look into the mirror, afraid of what she would see.

Instead, she pulled on the clothes she'd been wearing for the past two days, packed up her computer and purse and left the room. Catching a glimpse of herself in the polished metal doors of the elevator, she realized that she looked like hell but didn't care. Victor had betrayed her and the hurt she was feeling was so much more horrible than what she'd gone through with Drew. She now understood that she had been dependent on Drew. It hadn't been love but merely an existence with him. Victor she had loved with all her heart and soul. And his betrayal now left a hole inside her that was so much deeper than anything she had thought could exist in the world.

Knowing she had some tough decisions, she checked out of the hotel and stood on the sidewalk trying to get her head around what the next step in her life should be. Standing on the cold sidewalk with the dirty, melting snow, she forced her mind to start working once again. It was tough, having been in a mind coma for so many days, but she considered all of her options and weighed the obstacles.

Apartment, she thought instantly. She had to find a place to live. She couldn't go back to Victor's place. And her old apartment had been vacated. So her first objective was to find a roof over her head. Knowing she was homeless at this particular point in time, she smiled to the doorman and asked him to catch her a cab. Moments later, she was in the back of a cab, giving him directions to one of the places she'd shown to Victor. It was within her budget and had been the one place he hadn't had any strong objections to. The security was good and the apartment layout interesting. Arriving at the rental office, she was grateful that the agent she'd spoken to before was still available, as was the apartment she'd been looking at. She signed the paperwork that afternoon and was given keys.

Standing in the empty apartment later that afternoon, she had to fight down the desire to sink into the carpet once again and let the pain take over. She would not allow Victor the joy of breaking her. He'd gotten his profit in her book and she wasn't going to give him anything else. She knew the book would sell well, it was great. The best she'd ever written and she'd been so excited about it only a week ago, albeit hesitant to see her secrets in print.

Lana gritted her teeth at the memory of how she'd been so conflicted about allowing Nancy to publish such intimate details of her and Victor's relationship. And all that time, Victor had been re-inventing her so he could make a profit on her writing skills. The man was a genius, she'd give him that. Anything for profit.

How could she be so gullible? How could she have thought that Victor had cared for her? She'd been so blind!

But now that was all in the past, she told herself firmly, wiping the tears away with the back of her hand. "Food," she said to the empty apartment, ignoring the echoes since her words had nothing to stop the vibrations.

She went back to the rental office and asked directions to the nearest grocery store. They told her it was only two blocks to the right and Lana enjoyed the fresh air as she made her way down the street. And each time she started thinking about Victor, she pushed him from her thoughts. Fresh fruit, lean chicken, cereal and milk was about all she could endure purchasing on her first outing. She walked back to her new apartment and unloaded the groceries into the pristine refrigerator and pulled out the chicken. Then put it back. She didn't have anything to cook it with. She took out the fruit instead and munched on the apple, accepting that she'd have to go out once again so she could get plates, bowls, utensils...everything she would need to start over again.

She needed a change of clothes as well. She'd been in the same outfit for three days and it was starting to wear thin even though she'd washed out her underwear each night. She thought about her wardrobe back in Victor's penthouse but shook her head. She'd never ask him for anything again, not even her clothes. Eventually, she'd have to get her furniture out of storage but she wasn't even sure where that was since she'd let Victor take care of all those details, happy enough to go along with him in ignorant bliss.

Well, this is the price she'd have to pay for that head in the sand approach. She walked the opposite direction toward the stores she knew about and chose several pairs of slacks, shirts and underwear, avoiding all the sexy lingerie she'd been wearing for the past several months while with Victor and reverting back to her plain, cotton underwear. It was good enough, she told herself. She wouldn't be allowing any other views of this underwear, she told herself as she walked back to her apartment, clothes and a few kitchen items under her arm. She should take a cab but she wasn't sure what her financial situation was at the moment.

Two weeks later, she finally got up the nerve to call Victor's secretary and demand that she have her furniture back. The woman had arranged for the storage in the first place so Lana reasoned that she didn't need to speak to Victor in order to get her furniture back. She was sleeping on the floor in a sleeping bag and her back was starting to suffer from the hard surface. She'd only broken down to call now because she wasn't sure how much longer she could take it.

"Good evening, Edith. This is Lana," she said as soon as the efficient woman answered the phone.

"Lana?" the other woman replied, startled. "Goodness! Where are you, Miss? Mr. Davenport has been searching everywhere for you."

Lana wasn't exactly sure how to answer. She didn't want to talk to Victor but she needed her furniture. She couldn't afford to buy all new things and a lot of her furniture and dishes she loved, having bought them after her first book sold. They represented her freedom from the life she'd shared with Drew and now, freeing her furniture from Victor's storage stranglehold would make her feel empowered after this latest debacle. "I don't really want to talk about where I am. I'd just like to find my furniture and get it out of storage. I'll even pay for the storage fees, if you'll just give me the total."

Lana could hear Norma's hesitation. "Well, why don't you give me your address and I'll have it all delivered."

Lana almost laughed at how transparent Victor's secretary was. "Edith, if I give you my address, I'll be telling you where I am. I don't want Victor showing up on my doorstep. I don't ever want to talk to him again."

"Oh, please don't say that, Miss Lana. I know he feels horrible about whatever happened between the two of you. I mean, he's been an awful bear around here for the past couple of weeks."

"Good," Lana said, but her heart was tearing apart at the woman's words. "Is he okay?" she asked with a small voice, then shook her head, remembering that she didn't care about him. "Forget I asked that. I don't care if he's okay. He lied to me and used me and I don't want to have anything to do with him." She took a deep breath and regrouped. "Just tell me which storage facility is keeping my furniture and I'll arrange everything else."

Edith hesitated. "Why don't you give me your phone number and I'll have a delivery person call you back. I don't remember exactly which storage facility was used, to be honest with you."

Lana gritted her teeth in frustration. She didn't believe Edith for a moment. The woman was efficiency personified and was just trying to get more information out of her. "Edith, Victor has my cell phone number so I'm sure he's already passed it on to you. When you have the storage phone number, just leave me a message on my cell phone and I'll do the rest." She couldn't battle with the woman any longer. The short conversation had left her exhausted as it is. "I have to go, Edith. Please hurry with the details. I can't cook anything without my pots and pans."

"I'll do my best," Edith assured Lana before ringing off.

Lana shook her head as she snapped her cell phone shut. She hated that man more than anything she'd ever imagined she could hate. It was a deep, horrible, energyrobbing hatred. And underneath it all, Lana knew she was lying to herself. She loved Victor. She'd fallen in love with the man so completely she couldn't imagine having any other man touch her. It was a daunting feeling to see one's future without any emotion in it. No children, no husband, no love.

The thought sent a chill down her body but she buried herself in work. She'd finished the first book and now, knowing how she could do it, she was eager to start a new plot. She had it worked out in her mind but she fleshed it out a little more on her computer.

That was how her life was for the next two weeks. She worked long hours on the computer, barely eating because she didn't have an appetite. She barely slept, partially because she was still sleeping on the floor, too nervous about calling Edith once again but also because each time she fell asleep, Victor came to her in her dreams. It was like she relived all the amazing experiences with him each night. Lana would wake up in a sweat, her breathing rapid and her mind disoriented because the dreams were so real. And she wanted Victor so desperately.

By the end of the first month, she had to call Nancy. She'd had no messages about her book and her bank balance was getting dangerously low. She wasn't sure what was going on, but she had to find out why the book wasn't hitting the markets yet.

"Nancy, what's going on?" Lana demanded without preamble as soon as her editor answered the phone.

This was so unlike her even Nancy hesitated. "Lana? Where are you?"

"Don't worry about where I am. What's going on with my book? I gave you the manuscript so you have everything you need. Why haven't you put it on the queue?" There was a long silence before Nancy finally said, "It isn't ever going to be published, Lana."

Lana was too stunned by her editor's words to take them in immediately. She sat on the floor, her bottom already numb from sitting there for several hours even though it was only ten o'clock in the morning. She'd been working since midnight, unable to sleep. She was tired, achy and now scared that she'd have to dip into her precious savings account if she didn't get her latest book published. "What are you talking about? You said yourself that the book was terrific. What's wrong with it?"

Nancy sighed. "It isn't the book. It's the owner. The new guy has ordered that it couldn't be published. He said if you want more information, you'd have to call this number." Nancy rattled off the phone number but Lana didn't bother to write it down. She already had it in her cell phone's memory. It was Victor's personal cell phone number.

"Are you serious?" Lana whispered. "It won't be published at all?"

"I'm sorry. Mr. Davenport, the new owner, was very specific. He doesn't usually become involved at our level but after our meeting last month, he stormed into my office, saw your manuscript and took it with him. Less than three hours later, he called personally to tell me that all copies of the book should be destroyed and I should contact him if you contacted me for any reason." Nancy hesitated before continuing. "Why are you being blackballed?"

That dirty word hung in the air between them and Lana could hardly breathe, much less answer the question. She finally got enough air in her lungs to say, "I have to go now Nancy."

"Call me later," her editor said a moment before Lana disconnected the call.

Lana glared at the boring white wall in front of her. She had two choices. She could live off her savings for the next six months while she worked on her next manuscript, prayed that another publishing house would ignore Victor's powerful reach and publish it, or she could force a confrontation with Victor and demand that he lift the ban on her work. A few months ago, she would have taken the first option, hiding instead of confronting. But after spending so much time with Victor, she'd gained a large dose of self worth and she wasn't going to give it up. He might be powerful and wealthy and all those other awful words that could put her out of commission. But she wasn't anyone's coward.

She'd been so for the past four weeks and she wasn't going to do it any more. It was time she stood up for herself. She had to be strong or become homeless soon and she wasn't going down that route for any man.

She picked herself up off the floor and showered. This time, she pulled on a pair of jeans and sweater, applying a light coat of makeup and pulling her hair back into a chic pony tail. She wished she had a nicer pair of slacks but she didn't want to spend any more money than she had to. Especially just to tell off a man who had too much power and not enough morals.

The cab ride over to his office gave her the time to build up her indignation. She supposed she should have called Edith and asked if Victor was even in New York but she was too furious to think properly and the idea that he might not even be in the office or in a meeting didn't occur to her until she was standing in front of Edith's desk. "Is he available?" Lana asked a gaping Edith.

"Absolutely," Edith replied, her harried face turning to smiles instantly. "And boy am I glad he is," she muttered under her breath but Lana heard her. She might have wondered about the comment but she was too furious with Victor's machinations to care what his secretary was muttering about.

She followed Edith into Victor's office. What she saw almost broke her but she stood firm, despite the hair that was already out of place and the loosened tie around Victor's neck. Victor never loosened his tie until he was walking into the penthouse each evening. So it was odd to see him so disheveled this early in the morning. "Mr. Davenport..." Edith started to say but Victor waved her away.

"No interruptions today, Edith. Just tell me if she calls again."

Victor's eyes were haggard and his mouth grim as he ignored Edith's chuckle to sift through the files on his desk.

"She's here," Edith replied and turned to leave, closing the door behind Lana, giving them the unasked for privacy.

"You're here!" Victor said, the tension lessening slightly in his eyes.

Lana stiffened her resolve. She wasn't here to find out why he looked so sick. He'd probably been out with so many women lately he hadn't had enough sleep. "Yes. I'm here. And I want to know why you won't allow Nancy to publish my book. You're a lying bastard and I won't have you manipulating me any longer, Victor!" she said but was furious when her voice broke on the last part of her statement.

Victor dropped his hands to his sides but his eyes drank her in hungrily. "I'm a bastard but I never lied to you. And I wouldn't think of manipulating you in any way."

Lana turned her back on him so she didn't see his eyes. If she didn't know better, she'd think he was in as much pain as she was. "You didn't tell me that you were the owner of the publishing house. You knew exactly what was going on when you saw me crying and you changed the whole situation around so that it would maximize your profits."

Victor sighed and she saw his reflection as his hands ran through his hair. "I won't deny that I'd had a meeting with the editors that morning to let them know that certain lines of the company would die out. But when I saw you crying in the elevator, the furthest thing on my mind was maximizing profits, no matter what the previous editors' meeting was about."

She swung back to face him, glaring at his haggard face with anger ripping her up inside. "I don't believe you, Victor. I read all about your businesses on the internet. You're wealthier than Midas!"

"My net worth has nothing to do with our relationship!" He came around the desk to pace his office. "I saw you. I wanted you and the more I got to know you, the more I wanted you. Dammit, it's your fault that we're in this kind of situation."

She gasped at his outrageous comment. "My fault! How do you figure that?"

Hands on hips, he glared at her as he advanced to her position in the middle of his office. "If you had been like all the others, then I wouldn't be feeling this way. I could have my nice, orderly life and gone on to the next woman without a thought. That's what I do. I run businesses and I meet beautiful women. I have a good time on both ends of those two areas but never do those worlds meet. And then you came along," he rasped out, moving closer to her, "with your gorgeous hair swinging down around your cute little butt, and your long, sexy legs with those ridiculous preppy shoes that made me lust after you more than any woman I'd ever met in my life." He paused and stopped less than two inches from her, glaring down at her. "And how you managed to make me fall in love with you, I'll never know but by god! I'll never let you go!" he pulled her into his arms and kissed her. "And you feel the same way so don't even deny it," he mumbled against her lips as her purse dropped from her shoulder.

"You don't...," she gasped when he lifted his mouth from hers. "You don't love me. You're trying to blackball me!" she remembered and tried to pull out of his arms, her anger returning despite all the passion simmering just under the surface after that kiss.

"I haven't blackballed you at all. But I won't let you publish all of our personal details."

She didn't understand what he was telling her but she understood her fears. And she lashed out with those first. "I can't afford to go without that book being published." But his words didn't mesh with her perception of the situation. If he'd been so intent on getting more profits out of her books, why wasn't he publishing the manuscript? The next question that popped into her mind was, if he wasn't out to get more profits, then why had he been with her? The answer that occurred to her was too wonderful and she couldn't let her heart wrap around the answer. If she was wrong, it would be too painful.

He pulled her back into his arms and shook his head. "Well, then I think you have two choices."

"What's that?" she asked, knowing she should push him away but she couldn't. He felt too perfect, too wonderful against her. And she'd longed for his touch for so long she couldn't stop him when his mouth touched her neck, nibbling against the sensitive skin.

"You can go on making us live through a daily hell by keeping us apart while you write another book, one that has nothing to do with our personal love life."

She wiggled against him when he bit her ear lobe. "What's option number two," she asked, not liking the first option.

"You can move back in with me, marry me and have children with me, make both our lives livable, love me for the rest of your life and let me love you as well, and write your next romance with me as your role model once again. I can't guarantee that I'll let it be published though."

His words made her heart start singing and she wasn't sure she believed him. Pulling back, she let her eyes look up at his face and what she saw there just about had her in tears again. The hope and sincerity were there, plain as day on his face and in his eyes. For the first time, Lana started to believe him, to accept that maybe he did love her just as much as she loved him.

"You really love me?" she asked tentatively. "This wasn't only about the book and profits for your newly acquired company?"

He groaned and pulled her towards him, his arms holding her close. "No. It was never about the profits. I don't operate like that, I promise, Lana. I love you so much and it drives me nuts. So please tell me that you love me too so we can get on with our lives and stop this hellish torture we've been going through since you saw me and misunderstood everything. I'm so sorry about that by the way," he whispered before his mouth covered hers in a passionate, driving kiss that melted all of the sadness she'd been feeling for so long.

When he finally let her up for air, Lana laughed and buried her face in his chest, loving the spicy scent of him. "How many?" she asked, the happiness starting to seep into her mind once again.

His arms tightened around her reflexively. "You can write as many novels as you'd like."

She shook her head and lifted her face to his. "No. How many children?" she asked, the tears falling down her cheeks. But for the first time in what seemed like ages, these were tears of happiness. She couldn't believe that someone this incredible could love her. She loved him with an intensity that was overwhelming and she wanted to hear him say the words over and over again.

He threw back his head and laughed, lifting her into his arms to kiss her once again. "As many as you can stand, my love."

Lana lifted her arms around his neck and kissed his jaw, the only part of him she could reach at the moment. "Tell me again," she whispered, needing to hear the words.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you too," she repeated, and never had the simple words meant so much.

