Chapter 1

The glare of the flashlight could barely cut through the heavy darkness. Was it possible that the night was thicker here in this house? The beautiful, Spanish style mansion was rumored to be haunted and as Jade walked through the long, spooky hallways, she understood how the eerie rumors could have evolved. There was an unnerving, mysterious presence here. Something that just didn't feel normal.

Jade shook off the feeling, thinking she was being ridiculous. There was no such thing as ghosts or spirits or anything like that. Just a stubborn, obnoxious cat that continuously seemed to be running away lately. "Jasper! Where are you?" She wasn't sure why she was whispering since the house had been vacant for several decades. "I swear you're not getting any peanut butter for a week!"

She froze as a strange, ominous sound came to her. Was that laughter? Or was it just her imagination? She felt her heart rate increase, her blood pounding in her veins and fear started to clog her throat. Impossible! No one had lived in this house for decades! She was just imagining things.

Jade shivered again, wishing she were back in her comfortable cottage instead of here in this dark, cold, creepy place. No matter how fascinated she was with the house during the daylight hours, she couldn't deny that something abnormal was here right now. There was a sense of....something alive. And despite the heat of the day, the house felt freezing! How in the world could a house be cold in the middle of summer? It had been over ninety degrees today! But inside this house, her bare arms were covered with goose bumps from the strange temperature.

She continued through the house, but her steps faltered when she saw the peculiar glow coming from the main living area. Her body froze, her mind racing as she tried to figure out what the light could be. Fire? Her heart skipped a beat at the idea of the beautiful place being destroyed by the merciless talons of fire. Her pace picked up as she hurried down the long hallway, her mind frantically trying to figure out a way to stop the fire, if it really was a blaze.

Despite her constant reassurances that there were no such things as ghosts, in the back of her mind, she couldn't stop the possibility from creeping up on her. The cold, the darkness, the odd light...they all roused her imagination, terrifying her as the adrenaline suddenly surged through her body.

She couldn't slow down, she couldn't stop! Jasper was in here somewhere and this gorgeous house couldn't be destroyed by fire! No, it just couldn't!

"Talk to me Jasper. What's going on?" she called out, knowing in her mind that the cat couldn't talk. It still made her feel better to say the words, to hear her voice as it echoed against the vacant hallway.

She skidded to a halt in the doorway of the great room, her eyes scanning the area. The first thing she saw was the fire. There truly was a fire and it was enormous, but thankfully, it was contained within a massive, stone fireplace with beautiful tiles surrounding the floor, making the glow actually shine upwards and reflect off of the ceiling and as she took it all in, she realized that the ceiling was painted in some amazing mural with cherubs dancing in the clouds.

But only a portion of that part of the scene broke through her consciousness since every cell in her mind and body was focused on one thing. And it wasn't the fire.

There was a very large, very scary man sitting in the wing-back chair.

Or was he a man? Was he even human?

There was a darkness that surrounded this man that had nothing to do with the night wrapping around the outer glow of the fire. As she stared, she knew that the darkness wasn't caused by the tight, black shirt and black pants. It wasn't even the black hair or the man's eyes that were shaded somehow even though the fire seemed to be illuminating all the other hard planes of his face. And it wasn't the being's enormous size, although that definitely contributed.

As she halted just inside the large, elaborately decorated room, she stared at the person sitting in the old, wing-back chair, her eyes taking in every detail, her lips parting with amazement and her body shivering, but this time for a completely different reason.

No, there was something dark about this man, something....broken. Something painfully sad. Jade didn't know what it was that told her that but she knew it with a deep down instinct that reached out to her and squeezed her heart.

And then her eyes moved downward and she caught the large, elegant hands gently caressing her cat. "Jasper!" she admonished with a hint of nervousness in her voice.

Angelo had heard the footsteps approaching but didn't bother to get up. With the cat purring away on his lap, he listened carefully to the tread of the steps coming down the hallway to his new home. He wasn't overly concerned about whoever had invaded the reputedly haunted, almost destroyed house. With the fire burning in the fireplace and the fur covered feline on his lap, he simply relaxed against the cushions of the relatively comfortable chair and waited, wondering who might have the courage to enter this building at night. He'd heard the stories about the ghosts, knew that the rumors plus the overgrown gardens, broken concrete and shattered windows generally kept people away. There was a peculiar essence to this place that helped incite one's imagination towards the macabre.

Besides, the steps approaching the great room were soft, too light to be a danger. An intruder would have to be pretty big to concern Angelo since he was a large man himself, a fact which had terrified others in the past. Or was it the look in his eyes, the one that warned people to stay away?

Either way, he wasn't overly concerned about whoever was coming towards him. It simply broke the monotony of the night and pulled his black gaze away from the fire as he awaited whoever was coming down the hallway to appear.

He had to chuckle when the soft, feminine voice chided the cat, threatening him with punishment but had she really told the cat that he wouldn't get peanut butter? Angelo wasn't sure that peanut butter was the best thing for animals, but what did he know? Except for his two best friends, Zayn and Dominic, he pretty much kept to himself out of necessity. And perhaps habit.

As the woman approached, Angelo was astounded by how soft and round her delectable body was, but slender and adorable in all the right places. His eyes took in her lush, full breasts and her slender, sleek arms. She was short, he could see, but her legs were long and strong but still feminine. His mind instantly pictured those legs around his waist, his interest increasing tenfold as she stood there staring at him.

And why the hell was she wandering around at night in that outfit? Her camisole was thin with just those spindly spaghetti straps to hold everything in place while her draw string pants were soft and loose, resting low on her hips. There was even a small gap between where the camisole ended and the pants began, showing him her lean, flat stomach.

Jade suddenly realized that she was staring and her conscience broke through her fascination with the tall, gorgeous and definitely dangerous stranger. She shook her head, but her eyes remained wide as her mind took in the details of the sad but strikingly attractive man.

"Goodness!" Jade exclaimed as she came closer, pushing her irrational fear aside. The man had been in shadows but as she approached to retrieve Jasper and introduce herself to her new neighbor, she was stunned by the man as he became clearer to her. "I'm so sorry that Jasper intruded on your night," she said, but the sound came out as a whisper, her mind freezing at the astounding strength and breadth of his arms and shoulders, slowly revealed as her eyes adjusted to the light.

Her eyes rose slowly, taking in all of the man including the bulging muscles revealed by the black material stretched to its limit across broad shoulders and muscular arms, his long legs extended out in front of him and those shoulders! Gracious, they stretched across the width of the chair. The man wasn't just large like some of the other men she knew. This man was massive!

She took a deep breath, forcing her eyes to stop looking at the man and introduce herself. But as soon as her eyes lifted to the man's, she felt a jolt, something almost electrifying and very uncomfortable.

Those eyes! There was heat and interest and....amusement?

And then her own eyes adjusted to the man's dark image. "Angelo Donati," she gasped, finally recognizing the dangerous man who was slowly buying up all the pharmaceutical companies in the area. "What are you doing here?" she demanded.

Angelo's black eyebrows went up when this tiny, interestingly beautiful woman recognized him. "Have we met before?" asked, standing up and allowing Jasper, the traitor, to climb up onto his shoulders. Angelo supposed he'd been in the news recently due to his last few acquisitions. But he'd thought he could be a bit more anonymous here in this small, sleepy beach town.

He supposed, with all the controversy lately due to his management changes, it would be hard to remain anonymous. Too many people in this area worked for the companies he'd just acquired.

Jade watched with reluctant fascination as the enemy's long, sensuous fingers started scratching her cat's ears. Her body tingled with awareness and she wondered what it would be like for those fingers to be touching her body instead of her cat's. Would he be gentle? Would he be kind and considerate? Or would he take what he wanted? Making her want it as well, just like he was doing with all the businesses in the area?

She shook herself mentally, refusing to admit that she was more fascinated than scared of this man. He wasn't a man to be trifled with, she reminded herself. Even Dan was worried about his job after Mr. Donati's latest management sweep had left several of the vice presidents looking for other employment. Of course, Dan had been complaining about several of those executives' decisions lately, but Jade wasn't sure if those decisions had been bad or just not what Dan wanted.

Either way, she was being rude by simply staring. She chided herself for not being more gracious. She was a southern lady, after all. It was her duty as a neighbor to welcome the man, even if she might not like him or agree with his brutal, merciless business tactics.

"My name is Jade Phillips and I've lived on Sullivan's Island for more than sixteen years. It's very nice to meet you," she said, reaching out and extending her hand politely. And then she messed it all up by saying, "Why are you buying up all the businesses in the area? What's so enticing about these companies that you can't just find another town to own?"

Angelo almost laughed with delight as the woman in front of him sparkled with anger and passion. Angelo took her hand in his, amazed at how small her bones felt and how...alluring her entire being was. He knew should back off, maybe even explain his plans. But there was something about this woman that pushed a button inside of him. He wouldn't even release her hand and, what's worse, he wanted to see her bristle even more. She was absolutely fascinating! "Perhaps I'm just an evil man who is intent on buying up the world."

She was shaking with anger already, glaring up at him but the horrid man didn't seem to care that he was incurring her wrath. In the back of her mind, she realized that her anger seemed disproportionately intense, seeing as how she'd just met the man a moment ago and he probably had legitimate reasons for the way he ran his business. None of that seemed to matter at the moment and she couldn't seem to back down. Then again, his taunting words caused her anger to only deepen. "That seems like such a horrible thing to say and I don't believe it for a moment." She wanted desperately to stomp away, get away from this man completely but he still had Jasper on his shoulder. "May I have my cat please?" she asked, not sure exactly what to do if he refused.

"By all means," he said, but stood there, waiting. This woman was fascinating, he thought. Most women considered him too dangerous to taunt or even confront. He always suspected that women approached him more on a dare than physical attraction. He took what they offered, but none of them had ever touched him beyond a mild sense of satisfaction. Not the way this woman was doing by just standing in front of him not cowering in fear. She didn't even realize that he was still holding her hand in his and he wasn't inclined to break that contact. His thumb caressed the amazingly soft, tender skin of her hand while his long finger gently touched the underside of her wrist, feeling the rapid pulse and his body reacted instantly.

"Why is it that you don't want me to buy up the businesses?" he asked softly when she didn't reach up to retrieve her cat. He stepped closer to her, releasing her hand but only to take her arm so he could lead her down the long hallway. "I'll walk you home and you can tell me all about your own plans for the town."

Jade didn't like the sound of amusement in his voice. "What makes you think that I have plans for the town?"

Angelo chuckled, a deep, rusty sound. He seldom laughed. He rarely found anything in life amusing. As he'd grown up, he'd discovered the hard way that life wasn't fair or fun. Life was hard. One had to fight, scrape and claw to maintain one's hold on one's assets. He never laughed at life, one approached life as if it were a war with every battle mercilessly fought.

At least until this prickly beauty walked into his life. "I supposed I can just sense these things about people," he came back. He leaned down to open the door for her, ignoring the claws from the cat as the fluffy animal dug into his skin to maintain his balance on his shoulder.

Jade shivered as his warm hand touched her upper arm, feeling that same electric current spark down her spine and leaving a tingling sensation all over her body.

He had a point, she supposed. And it was true about her own plans for the town. If she had her way, everyone would just stay put and life would carry on exactly as it had been ever since she and her mother had moved to Sullivan Island in South Carolina fifteen years ago. "I don't have a plan, necessarily," she said and walked out of the house. Initially, she was relieved to be out of the house and back in the humid, night air. But that was before they reached the edge of the patio. She was just about to carefully step down but then he grabbed her around the waist and effortlessly lifted her off of the crumbling patio to the weed-choked grass below, leaving her gasping in surprise, her hands grabbing onto those hard, fascinating muscles in his upper arms.

It took her a long moment to re-gather her thoughts after that. "But..." she said, wondering why he was looking down at her like that. "Um....It's just that, everyone here was doing fine until you came along and started buying up all the businesses."

"I am only interested in pharmaceutical companies and patent holders. There are several very strong, very good companies in this area that are being underutilized. What's the harm in building up the local economy?"

Jade shook her head, knowing that the man wasn't being completely honest. Walking through the forest, she tried to focus only on her anger with this man's brutal business tactics and not on how large or muscular he was. She wasn't the type of woman to be interested in bulky men. She preferred substance! "You're not just buying up local companies. You're buying up companies all over the United States and meshing them all into one, large, homogeneous group."

He waited for her to continue, his hand reaching out to steady her when her foot caught in one of the rotting logs. "And what's the problem with that?" he asked.

Jade huffed as she stepped around several more fallen trees, not wanting the man to touch her any more. Her mind went blank and it was hard to argue when one couldn't remember what one was arguing about. "They aren't individual companies any longer. They aren't competing with each other and pushing to find the next best thing in health care. You're buying up too many companies, Mr. Donati."

"Perhaps I have other ways to induce competition."

She let out a guffaw that sounded too loud in the intimate night air. "I'd like to see that happen. And what are your plans for your new house?" she demanded as she stepped into her own yard filled with her moonlit gardens. Turning to face him now that the threat of embarrassing herself over a tumble had diminished. "You're probably going to tear that down and build a string of cookie-cutter houses, aren't you?"

Angelo wondered what she would do if he bent down and kissed her. He liked her fire and her courage. Hell, he liked a whole lot about her, he thought. No one had ever challenged what he did before. Even Dominic and Zayn, who were his best friends since childhood, never questioned what he did. Of course, they understood the financial reasons behind his decisions. And most likely approved since they had similar strategies in their business dealings.

"Have dinner with me tomorrow night and we'll discuss the possibilities," he told her.

Jade was stunned by the invitation. Of all the things he might have said at that moment, offering her dinner seemed way down on the list of possibilities. "I don't think so," she came back. "I don't..."

He leaned forward slightly. "Careful, Jade. If you don't want me to tear down the house you're so in love with, perhaps you should meet with me and try to change my plans." He waited a heartbeat before he said, "Or are you all talk and no action?" His body responded instantly to the flare of anger he caught in her eyes. "Or maybe you don't have the courage to take on my house."

He hadn't been planning to renovate the house, but at the look of surprise and hope in her eyes, he suddenly decided that it would be a perfect idea.

"What do you mean?"

He reached out and touched her cheek, his finger skimming along her earlobe. He caught the shiver of awareness that zipped through her and smiled. "Dinner tomorrow. My place at seven o'clock, Jade."

With that, he tapped the bannister of her tiny, wooden deck and Jasper quickly crawled down his arm and snuck in through the dog's door, his tail twitching as if to say that he'd done his work for the night.

"Fine," she snapped. "I'll be there. I'm not afraid of you." She glared up at him, wishing he weren't so tall and scary looking.

Angelo's hand moved down her neck, the pad of his thumb resting on her racing pulse. "If you're not afraid of me, then you must be attracted to me."

Jade gasped, shocked by his words. Unfortunately, by the time she could think up an appropriately scathing reply, the man had disappeared into the dense trees that separated their properties.

Chapter 2

Jade couldn't believe how unproductive her day had been. By six o'clock, she was actually reduced to glaring at the clock, daring it to move forward. And when it actually clicked over to six-oh-one, her head dropped to her drafting table with a thud.

"I am NOT going to dinner with that man," she told herself. "I don't care if he steam rolls the property and builds a parking lot on top of it." She sat up and spun around in her chair, scowling at Rufus, her dog, as he tilted his head at her exclamation. "Okay, so I'm lying!" she admitted to him. "But I'm still not going to have dinner with him tonight!" She'd picked up her phone to call him several times throughout the day to tell him that, but each time, she'd remember that she didn't know his phone number. Which was why she was sitting here, glaring at inanimate objects, pretending like they could stop simply because she willed them to do so.

Jasper would have to pick that moment to jump up onto the bed right next to Rufus. The darned cat just stared back at her and Jade knew with absolute conviction that he only wanted to be fed, but she interpreted the look on his face to be a direct challenge for her to get ready for a night with the tall, dangerous man. "Don't you dare get into this argument," she told the cat.

Jasper's only response was to twitch his tail, demonstrating his irritation with both her admonishment as well as her tardiness in putting food in his bowl.

She stomped off into the bathroom and showered, but only because she was hot and sweaty. A shower would cool her down and it had nothing to do with getting ready for a date. Besides, even if she were going to meet him for dinner, it definitely wouldn't be a date. It would simply be a business meeting. A time when she could try and convince him to leave her town alone. She didn't want things to change. Change was bad. She'd had enough change in her life and she was happy with the way things were.

Her hands froze in her hair, suds streaking down her back as she heard those words in her mind. "A business meeting?" No, she wasn't even going to talk with him about his new house. The man was going to do what he wanted with the house. He was callous enough to fire people left and right which indicated that he didn't have a great deal of compassion for human beings. Everything was reduced down to profit. Why had she thought for even a moment that she could convince him to stop his rampage through her perfect, little city?

If the man were intent on destroying her town, what could she do to stop him?

Rufus added his two cents in with a bark from the bathroom doorway. The noise startled her out of her mental arguments enough to realize that Rufus only barked when something was going on that he didn't like.

Jade's eyes slashed over to the doorway and she gasped when she saw the tall man standing there watching her.

She frantically grabbed the towel off of the hook beside the shower, her eyes shooting daggers at him. "What are you doing here in my house?" she demanded, trying to cover herself up and turn off the water while at the same time, keep the soap out of her eyes. "Damn you! Look what you're making me do!"

Angelo chuckled, mesmerized by her lush curves that were all warm and rosy from the hot shower. "What did I do? I'm standing over here in the doorway."

She stomped her foot, irritated that he was being so obtuse. "What are you doing here?" she demanded, pushing a dollop of bubbles out of her eyes. "In my house!" she clarified.

"I came by to make sure you were coming to dinner tonight. I suspected that you would wimp out on me."

She gritted her teeth and glared right back. "I still haven't decided if I'm going or not. I don't need the business and I certainly don't think I need the irritation of you as a client." She simply couldn't believe she was talking to a potential client like this. Not to mention, speaking to a man like Angelo Donati, male extraordinaire, while in her shower wearing only a towel and bubbles to protect her from his too-knowing gaze, neither of which were doing a very good job of hiding her nakedness from him. "Would you mind getting out of my bathroom?" she demanded, her fist holding the towel around her carefully since it was in jeopardy of falling down.

"What's wrong with me in your bathroom? I've seen a naked woman before." He leaned back, crossing his arms over his chest, appearing as if he were relaxed and ready to look at her body for the rest of the night.

She couldn't believe his gall! "A gentleman would remove himself and go wait in the living room," she growled out with a pretend smile, shooting daggers at him. Of course, a gentleman wouldn't have entered her house in the first place.

His response was a slow, sexy smile, his eyes lighting up with mischief. "A gentleman wouldn't have even come into your bathroom. So I guess that means I'm definitely not a gentleman."

"Pretend!" she almost yelled at him.

Angelo was so charmed by her anger that he threw back his head and laughed. But he did as she commanded, leaving the bathroom but he didn't close the door. His gentlemanly instincts, as narrow as they were, didn't bring him to that level of selflessness.

He stepped back into her bedroom, smiling when he heard the bathroom door slam shut with a click of the lock. He didn't mind though. As long as that door was closed, he could roam about her house, discover more about her. And wouldn't that infuriate her even more! What an appealing thought.

He strolled over to her closet and sifted through her clothes, pulling out one after another of her dresses, discarding almost all of them until he came to a red chiffon in a wraparound style. He loved this style on women. The neckline always plunged, hugging a woman's breasts and showing just enough cleavage to be enticing and yet still trying to appear demure. He added a red, lace thong that he discovered in her drawer and a pretty, red lace bra that was barely anything at all. Yes, he thought as he laid all three items out on her bed, the woman would look stunning in this dress. And without it, he thought with relish.

When the shower shut off, he walked over to her bathroom door and knocked. "I have your outfit ready for you," he said through the silence.

Jade simply could not believe the audacity of the man! "You went through my closet?" she demanded, fury rising up to almost choke off the words.

"And your drawers," he replied, aware that his amusement was coming out in his tone. "You have some lovely underwear, Jade. I approve of your choices. So open up and I'll hand these in to you."

Jade couldn't believe what she was hearing! The blush that stole up her cheeks when she realized that the man had gone through her underwear was almost painful, heating her face and making her fan herself with the towel. "Get out of my room, Mr. Donati."

"Call me Angelo, and open the door so I can hand these to you."

"Just get out," she snapped. "I'll choose my own outfit."

"That's not going to work. You'll probably pick one of those horrible flowered pieces and those will look ridiculous on you."

Jade's mouth fell open with horror. She'd actually been thinking of exactly that - a pretty flowered dress with a high neckline that would show him that she was a lady and not a trollop to be messed with. "I'll choose my own outfit as soon as you get out of my bedroom."

"I'm not getting out. So you can either open the door and grab these items now, or I can open the door and watch while you choose something else. But I reserve veto power over your selection." Angelo realized that he hadn't had this much fun in a long time. If ever.

Jade closed her eyes, praying for patience. She wasn't about to step out of this bathroom without clothes. It took her several more seconds to finally make the decision to reach out and get the clothes he was offering. But she gripped her towel around her carefully, ignoring the spark of excitement at the idea of him seeing her like this.

She was just about to slam the door shut, the red dress and underwear in her hand when his palm pressed against the door. She was gently, but firmly, pushed back so that his head and those enormous shoulders were in the steam filled room. "By the way, Jade, you have an incredible figure." He waited for the predictable but still delightful blush before he continued, "Don't be ashamed to show it off a bit more."

Jade was relieved when she was able to close the door on his dark, enigmatic eyes. She could breathe more easily when he was away from her and she tried very hard to suppress the anger surging through her. He was just trying to get a rise out of her, she knew, but it took a great many calming breaths before she was able to open her eyes again.

As she stared at the now-closed door, his words struck her. He thought she had a nice figure? She clutched the red dress, her mind going over his words. No, he hadn't said nice. He'd said "incredible"!

Shaking her head and wiping the ridiculous grin off of her face, she pushed away from the door and dropped the towel. Quickly pulling on her clothes, she ignored the way the fabric stuck slightly to her skin. She might have toweled off, but the humidity in the bathroom still made her skin damp.

When she stepped out, she immediately spotted Angelo leaning against her dresser, looking as if he had nothing better to do than relax in her bedroom.

"I like this room," he said, walking towards her. "It's just like you. Pretty, delicate," he ran his finger down her heated neck, running the pad against the neckline. "Very feminine." He pulled back, his eyes hot with the need that she suddenly also felt. "I want you to create this kind of environment for me in my house."

His touch was making her daffy, she thought and tried to find that irritation that had been so strong only moments before. But with him so close, she wasn't feeling anger. She was feeling....no, she thought with horror. She was not attracted to this man. He was in her bedroom, he was stealing away all the things she considered so precious in her life such as continuity and the very basis of a southern lifestyle. This man was the enemy in so many ways.

She took a deep breath, shaking her head. "I have to finish getting ready," she said, trying to slow down her breathing. "Would you mind waiting out in my living room for me?" She'd completely forgotten that she had planned to call and cancel tonight's dinner meeting.

She waited, frozen with this strange, heated and aching desire while he considered her request. His eyes moved from her still-wet hair down to her bare feet with the pink-tipped toenails, smiling slightly. "I'll feed Jasper and Rufus for you."

When the door closed behind him, Jade just about fell onto the rose covered bedspread, her mind reeling with the impact of his touch on her body. How could a man she completely disrespected and who disagreed with every part of her moral code, do something so disastrous to her concentration?

"Ten minutes, okay with you?" he called through the closed door.

Jade jumped up and quickly turned on her hair dryer, fluffing her super-straight, black hair as best she could. Normally, she would have pulled her hair up into some sort of knot on top of her head because of the summer heat. But for some reason she wasn't going to delve into tonight, she left it down, cascading down her back. She put on a light coat of powder, a touch of mascara, another dab of mascara to make her eyes look more sultry...then because her mascara was thicker than usual, she applied a smoky shadow to her eyelids, happy with the sexy, confident woman looking back at her. A touch of lipstick, gold, dangly earrings and she was finished.

Standing back, she surveyed her appearance. Did she look like she was trying too hard? Did she appear as if she were going on a date?

She never would wear red to a client meeting.

With a grimace, she started to pull the dress off but the knock on her door startled her. "There's been silence in there for too long, Jade. That means you either look fantastic and you're having second thoughts because you look hot and are afraid to come out, or you look horrible and are trying to figure out a different way to impress me."

Jade rolled her eyes and pulled open the door, startled when he was already leaning against the door frame which made him too close. She froze and looked up at him, nervous now as his dark eyes went from her silky black hair to her sassy, red pumps.

"Nice," he said, but his tone indicated that she looked much more than 'nice' and her stomach did a little flip flop.

"Where are we going to dinner?" she asked, hoping that he hadn't been serious about dining at his place.

"This way," he said and led her out the door. "I figured you would dress up for me," he said with derision since he'd chosen her outfit, "so I took the liberty of driving over to chauffer you. I didn't want your beautiful shoes to get messed up walking through the dirt and trees."

He slammed the door to his navy blue Maserati before she could say anything. And the dratted man was already in the driver's seat before she thought of jumping out and running inside. But as he backed out of her driveway, she knew that he'd just consider her terrified if she did that.

As his arm pulled away from the back of her seat, she knew that he wouldn't be too far off on that assumption. Her whole body was quivering with awareness as he quickly maneuvered his powerful car down her own driveway and then back down his a few moments later. This way was substantially longer and she really was grateful that he'd been thoughtful enough to pick her up. But since she'd not planned on coming in the first place, it all seemed rather....commanding.

"We're here," he said as the engine shut off.

The silence after the powerful engine died was strong, almost ringing in her ears. Her mind told her to open the car door and step out into the humid night, but her legs didn't move. Her knees were pressed closely together but both of them were turned in his direction. Her hands were clenching on her lap and her heart was beating so fast she thought she might just pass out.

"Why are we here?" she asked, breaking the silence.

He was leaning towards her, waiting for some sort of reaction. "Since you're trying to convince yourself that this is going to be a business meeting, and I sincerely do want to hire you to refurbish the house, I thought we could eat here. You could take me on a tour, tell me your thoughts and I'll give you some ideas on what I want done differently than what you will try and convince me to do."

She flushed, knowing that he was probably correct in her wanting things done so that the house was built as it had existed decades ago. "I haven't agreed to work for you."

He smiled slightly, his finger so close to the fly-away wisps of her hair that they tickled his fingers. "You will."

She dared to look up at him. "And what makes you so sure that I will?"

He chuckled at her challenge. "Because if you don't, I'll just live here in the house as it is now. I have a feeling that every cell in your body will cringe at the idea of someone living in this kind of neglect."

"Why in the world would you do something like that?" she asked, horrified just at the idea. Which, in effect, confirmed his statement. Damn him!

"And secondly," he said, the backs of his fingers gently caressing her jaw almost absently, but she knew it was completely intentional, "because you're the only person that you know will do the work properly."

She clamped her mouth shut, refusing to confirm that second part. She didn't want him to always be right. But in this case, he was. She knew the history of this house better than anyone. That's why she was the only one who would dare to go inside as a kid. She knew that the ghosts that reputedly haunt the hallways and towers were actually long, lost lovers and not angry people who died an untimely death. In fact, the legend say the ghostly lovers can only be free when a new love inhabits the house.

"Is that all?" she asked, not daring to think about the myth of the lost lovers.

"There's a third reason, but I don't think you want to hear about it."

She sighed and pressed her lips together, bracing herself. "Okay, let's get it all out there. Give me the third reason you're so sure I'm going to take on this project."

"We're going to be lovers. And you won't want to make love in that tiny bed you have at your place. Your room is beautiful, but you can't see me in that bed with the flowers all over it. The contrasting rose pillow cases would unman me and you don't ever want that to happen."

She sat there in stunned silence for about five seconds, then burst out laughing. She knew he was completely serious, but it was so deadpan, she couldn't help but laugh.

She pushed the door open, still chuckling at his teasing. "Thank you," she said softly, coming around to the front of the car to meet him halfway. "That was very funny. I needed something to break the tension."

Angelo got out of the car as well, then came around to her side and looked down at the woman who affected him so powerfully. He hadn't been joking about the two of them becoming lovers or the bed. Hers was pretty small. It was most likely perfectly acceptable for her personal use, but when he got her into bed, he wanted a larger space. He knew that they would tear up the bed once he finally got her in it. "Let's go eat," was all he said, putting a hand to the small of her back and leading her to the back of the house. "We'll eat first, then you can tell me about the house and your ideas after dinner. Will that work?"

"Sounds wonderful," she replied, not sure what or how they could possibly eat in this house. The rooms were badly deteriorated and she knew that none of the appliances in the kitchen worked any longer. The stove was one that had been top of the line more than sixty years ago, but she wasn't even sure how to use the contraption, even if it did work. There wasn't a fridge, just a small ice box in the kitchen as well as a cool basement where food had been stored for parties and dry ice was brought in to help keep things cold or frozen. Other than that, there were broken cabinets and rusty faucets, but nothing that could be used without serious health concerns.

As they turned the corner to go out onto the lanai, she gasped in delight at the lovely scene that was laid out. Despite the chipped tiles, there was a beautiful, linen covered table with pink roses in the center, candles on the table as well as several places around the walls and in the old fashioned sconces. Two chairs had been brought in and filled up with cushions for comfort and somehow, the whole area felt cooler than it should be after the heat of the afternoon.

"This is amazing," she said as she slowly approached the table. "I can't believe you did all this."

"I thought it would be appropriate," he replied.

Jade smiled brightly, her eyes delighted. "Because you wanted to see how beautiful the house could be?" she asked, taking a seat in one of the pretty, white wicker chairs.

"Something like that," he said, holding one of the chairs out for her. When she was seated, he took the seat directly across from her and Jade fiddled with her napkin, nervous about looking him in the eye.

A waiter arrived out of one of the dark rooms, an open bottle of wine in his hand. He immediately poured both of them a glass of red wine and Jade sat back, trying to relax while listening to the cicadas and tree frogs.

Another waiter arrived and placed a beautifully prepared meal in front of her and Jade relaxed as the delicious scents rose up to greet her. The meal was delicious and she had to admit that she actually enjoyed talking to Angelo once he stopped trying to be so arrogant and obnoxious. He was knowledgeable, funny, charming and able to discuss just about any subject.

When the waiter finally took away the last course, she sat back, suddenly feeling awkward. She'd had too many glasses of wine perhaps and Angelo was looking much more handsome than he had earlier in the evening. "Well, I guess I'd better leave. I can walk..."

"Let's go through the house," he interrupted. "You can give me your ideas and discuss which rooms you'll start in first."

Jade stood up automatically, setting down her wine glass. "I haven't agreed to take on the project," she replied, feeling saucy and daring now. It was all the wine, or maybe the way he was looking at her. Several times during the meal, she had to remind herself that she had a boyfriend, that she didn't like this man, and he was the town enemy that was going to destroy all the things she loved about her little place on this earth. It was hard to remember when she was laughing about whatever he was telling her, or blushing with his obvious admiration.

Now he was standing next to her and she could once again feel the heat as his incredibly large body towered over her. She wanted to step back, but discovered that the table was behind her.

He smiled down at her but didn't say anything. Instead, he took her arm and led her back into the house. When they stood in the great hall, he didn't say a word, but waited for Jade to begin, letting her wander around the room that was now lit with very weak wall sconces.

During the daylight, the room was filled with sunshine by the large windows but it was dark now, making the area feel a bit depressing. "This is a gorgeous room. The lighting needs to change primarily but..." and she continued to go around, pointing out issues that need to be changed but also keeping the original style of the room by repairing the damage caused by years of neglect and lack of climate control. Interspersed, she discussed the furniture that could be brought in to make the room feel livable and comfortable. The room was enormous which was both a challenge and a benefit.

Angelo didn't say anything as he followed her from room to room. Jade's imagination was thrilled with all of the exciting things that could be done with the house but she had no idea how much he wanted to spend refurbishing everything. There were so many details to the house, so many things that needed to be fixed or replaced. All of the bathrooms would need to be completely gutted and even some water lines repaired. And of course, the kitchen needed to be completely renovated as well.

When they were back on the lanai, she stood awkwardly beside him, aware that she'd chattered on about everything while he walked beside her silently.

She only noticed that issue when she stopped talking. The waiters had cleaned up everything while they'd been walking through the house and seemed to have completely disappeared. The only sounds were the chirping of the grasshoppers and singing of the cicadas and tree frogs and she stared at his chest, trying to figure out what he was thinking.

When she finally looked up at him, she realized that was exactly what he'd been waiting for.

"When can you start?" he asked, his hands in his pockets. Angelo wanted the business portion of their evening to finish quickly so he could get down to the personal side. He was going to kiss her. She knew he was going to kiss her, was nervous about the prospect and was even trying to step away from him so that it would be more difficult to accomplish. But her eyes kept drifting to his mouth and her tongue darted out several times, wetting her own lips. Sure indications that they were both on the same mind track.

"Um..." Jade glanced back at the house, wishing she could ignore the desire to fix this gorgeous house. Everything in her knew that being around Angelo would be dangerous. She had to be loyal to her boyfriend, Dave, and stay out of Angelo's way. He was a tyrant, she suspected.

And how would the rest of the town perceive her efforts to save this house? Would they be furious that she was assisting the enemy? So many of them wanted this prime spot to be bulldozed so new houses or even a resort could move in. There was so much land, so many lush trees. She couldn't let it all go away simply for tax revenue and additional income for the shop owners.

Besides, she told herself as she mentally debated the likely problems, if she didn't tackle the project, it sounded as if Angelo would simply hire someone else and they probably wouldn't do it right. The man wanted his house to be fixed. Why wouldn't he? He'd just bought the place. He needed the bathrooms to work and a usable kitchen.

With a sigh, she nodded her head. "I can start next week. I need to shift some things around but I don't have anything urgent on my calendar."

"Perfect," he replied softly. And then he moved in.

Stepping closer to her, his hand whipped out and wrapped around her waist, pulling her close to him. With his other hand, he reached out and cupped her head, holding her still as his head slowly descended to hers. When his lips touched hers, she gasped and pulled back slightly, shocked by the heat that shot through her whole body. Her hands, already lightly touching his hard, muscular arms, were now gripping his muscles in surprise.

Angelo pulled back only for a moment, his eyes watching hers. Yes, she was feeling it too. And then he kissed her again, not as gently. Not as tentatively. His mouth demanded entry and when she opened hers, his tongue moved in, tasting and taunting her to participate in the kiss. When he felt her tongue mate with his, his hands moved lower, pulling her flush against him, lifting her slightly higher so their bodies matched more completely.

Over and over again, his head tilted to taste more, to deepen the kiss and discover her honey. He wanted her. Desperately. But he knew she was still nervous. She was also still dating someone and as soon as that thought entered his mind, he pulled back.

Looking down at her still closed eyes and her swollen lips, he knew that he'd gotten to her. Just as she'd gotten to him if his hard body was any indication.

"I'll take you home," he said softly but his voice was deeper than normal. Huskier and thick with the need to continue kissing her. And so much more.

"Yes," Jade shuddered, her mind demanding her fingers to release their clutch on his muscular arms. One by one, her fingers relaxed until she could finally pull her hand away. With a deep breath, she stepped out of his arms, shaking her head at the crazy impact of his kiss on her mind.

Without a word, she walked through the house, painfully aware of him right behind her. She started to go towards the woods once again, just mindlessly trying to get home so she could curl up in her big, cozy chair and figure out what had just happened. But he took her hand and directed her towards his car. He didn't say a word, nor did she as she slipped into the amazingly soft leather seat and he closed the door for her. But she was already wringing her hands by the time he came around and got into the driver's seat beside her.

His body had been large on the drive over, but that had been before he'd kissed her. Now that she'd felt his legs, his chest and those amazingly broad shoulders, he somehow seemed bigger and her body shifted to make room for his frame in the seemingly smaller vehicle.

The powerful engine roared to life and the trembling started almost immediately. Would he kiss her again at her door? Did she want him to? Of course she didn't! She admonished herself mentally for even thinking she might want him to kiss her. He was a bad man, the enemy!

And Dave! What was she thinking? She had Dave that she was going to marry! She had a wonderful man who was sweet and kind and....maybe a little boring at times but she couldn't do this to him.

When he pulled up outside of her little cottage, she practically jumped out of the car. His gentle but firm touch stopped her just as she was about to slide her legs out.

"I'll be gone for a couple of weeks but my assistant will be in touch about the house and how to pay for the expenses so you can get started immediately." He waited a heartbeat, then said, "Break up with your boyfriend, Jade. I don't like to share."

Jade's mouth dropped open and she shook her head. She desperately needed to put him in his place, give him a sound set down. "Don't you think you're assuming too much? It was just one kiss."

Angelo shook his head and Jade could see the heat in his eyes even in the dim light. "No. I'm definitely not assuming too much. You will be in my bed Jade. Count on it."

She shivered and started to say something, but she couldn't think of anything appropriate. Or even inappropriate.

In the end, she stepped out of the car as gracefully as her wobbly legs would allow and raced into the house. She was grateful that he didn't follow her because she wasn't sure what she might do if he kissed her again. She almost slammed the door once she was inside, but remembered that she didn't want to show the man any weakness. She caught her frantic motion and stopped the momentum of the door in time to gently press the wood closed. But as soon as it was in place, she clicked the lock and leaned against the wood, taking in deep breaths and trying to get herself back under control.

Chapter 3

Two weeks later, Jade jumped every time she heard a noise. And since the workers were going at their tasks in full force with many strange noises, she was pretty jumpy.

Unfortunately, her mood didn't have anything to do with the stress of the renovations. In fact, those were coming along better than she could have hoped.

No, her nervousness was due solely to the fact that Angelo, with his dark, dangerous eyes, was due to inspect the house today. She'd gotten word from his assistant that he was flying in from Madrid and would arrive at the house sometime in the early afternoon.

Jade wasn't sure what to expect, but she definitely wasn't falling into his bed. She would just quickly tell him that she appreciated his generous job offer and was doing an excellent job with the renovations, but he would have to be disappointed in their relationship progressing beyond professional. And if that meant that he no longer wanted her in his employ, so be it. She loved this house, thought the lines and structure were amazing and the history of the building needed to be carefully reconstructed. It would break her heart if she had to stop and turn over the work to someone else, someone who might not be as gentle with the renovations.

But she would leave it all behind her, watch someone else complete the work from a distance if Angelo continued to consider her his next mistress. No, that wasn't what she wanted for herself. She was not for sale! And especially not for some heartless man who had too much money. So what if the man fascinated her like no other man had ever done in the past? She wasn't one to be pushed around. She didn't want to have to compromise her scruples...

And then she saw him. All thoughts of telling him to stuff his offer went out of her mind. In fact, every thought left her brain as she watched him approach.

He didn't just walk into the house like a normal person. No, the dark, dangerous, demon-like man walked towards her with a purpose unlike any she'd ever seen in her life. It was as if there was no one else in the house, no one else even close by. The hammering, sawing, banging and clattering simply didn't exist. All she could hear was her heartbeat as he took one long step after another closer to her.

When he reached her, there was no greeting. There were no pleasantries exchanged or updates on the renovations.

Instead, without pause, without giving her a chance to agree or repulse his kiss, he took her into his arms, holding her against his hard frame and kissed her, his mouth taking possession of her own and obliterating everything from her consciousness. The man's kiss was more staggering than she could believe and her whole body was quivering as he continued to kiss her, his mouth taking absolute possession and devastating her senses.

When he finally lifted his head, her breathing was ragged, deep and erratic and her mind completely confused as to how she could be so adamant one moment that she was simply going to ignore the man and treat him professionally, and the next moment, she was clinging to him, her eyes dropping to his mouth as if she could will him to kiss her again.

"You're back," she said, and immediately wondered why she was stupidly stating the obvious.

Blinking rapidly so she could regain some focus, she cleared her throat and stood up, unaware a moment ago that he was holding her in his arms and she was clinging to him as if he were her only lifeline. When her knees were able to hold her weight once again, she slowly un-pried her fingers from her grip on his shirt.

Clearing her throat, she stepped backwards, giving herself a mental shake. "It's good to see you, Angelo," she said, blinking and trying to clear the fogginess from her mind. How could he do this to her? Hadn't she just been lecturing herself on how she needed to stay clear of him?

"You look beautiful," he said, looking down at her with those strange, black eyes.

"Thank you," she said, blushing because she knew she looked messy, probably with plaster dust all over her hair and face. "How was Madrid?" she asked, clasping her hands in front of her nervously.

"Hot," he replied. "But productive."

"What were you doing there?"

Angelo was amused by her attempt to bring their conversation back to the professional. They'd just kissed as if they were both begging to climb into bed and yet, here she stood, her body quivering, her lips swollen from their kiss and her mouth spouting professional niceties. He would play along, at least for the next few minutes. But that kiss told him that she'd been thinking about him just as much as he'd been planning his next move. "Buying a pharmaceutical company that holds a patent that I want."

She blinked at that. "You bought a whole company just to obtain a patent?"

He shrugged and moved closer, his eyes assessing her health and noticing the dark circles under her eyes. "I needed the patent. It will be very valuable in the future but it isn't being marketed well. Besides, I bought another company last month that holds a patent on another drug. If both of them are combined, they are much more effective. But since the separate companies aren't marketing their drugs effectively, neither is thriving."

She was stunned at the idea of how much knowledge he must hold in order to know that one drug interacted with another drug in a way that made both of them better, but also knew how to not just market both of them together, but how to obtain both companies.

She cleared her throat and shook her head. "That's impressive," she replied quietly, feeling suddenly shy and inadequate. Was this why he was buying up so many of the businesses in this area? Was he trying to make everything work better and create medicines that could save lives?

His phone rang at that moment and he looked at the number. "I'll just be a moment," he said and pressed the button to accept the call.

She looked up at him and shook her head. Stop trying to make him into a hero, she admonished herself sternly. The man was in this business to make money. And then more money. He might be handsome and dynamic and incredibly sexy...no no no! She wasn't attracted to him. He was just a good kisser! And she wouldn't do that anymore! She was with Dave and Dave was her boyfriend. They were going to get married.

Everyone has these moments when they find themselves attracted to another person. It was just part of life. She had to be disciplined and remember what was important. Tradition, history, kindness and generosity. Those were the qualities she admired in Dave and which Angelo Donati didn't even know the meaning of.

As she listened to him on the phone, throwing out numbers and legal issues to overcome, giving whoever was on the other end of the line instructions on how to move forward in what sounded like an extremely complicated negotiation and she couldn't help but be impressed. She might not agree with the man's morals, but she couldn't deny that he was a brilliant businessman.

Why was he attracted to someone like her? She was a nobody. Oh, she could look at a room and create whatever sort of environment a client wanted, but that was pointless compared to what he could do. Angelo could potentially save lives! She wasn't even near his league in intelligence and business knowledge. All she understood were colors, history and how to gently talk to people to understand what they were looking for in a house.

She sat down with a thud, her legs giving out on her. She wasn't even aware that she was sitting on a stack of tiles.

"What's wrong?" he asked, slipping his cell phone back into his pocket.

"What do you see in me?" she asked, forgetting for the moment that she was going to reject his suggestion that they become lovers.

"What do you mean?" Angelo asked, moving closer to her. Something in her eyes worried him. When he'd first walked into the room, there had been a sparkle in her eyes, a glow to her whole being that had lured him closer to her warmth.

Now she looked like someone who had just lost something significant. And he didn't like it.

Jade considered her words carefully. "What is it about me that is in any way enticing?" she asked. "Why aren't you interested in someone like a doctor or a woman of your intellectual equal?"

He finally understood and he felt horrible for whatever he'd said to make her belittle her accomplishments and intelligence. Taking a seat next to her, he ignored her desire to put some space between their two bodies and shifted closer when she tried to move away. Their hips and thighs were now touching and he smiled inwardly when she sighed with acceptance.

"I firmly believe that every person has a mission in this world. There isn't one thing that is more important than another. You create beautiful spaces for people to live in. I buy up and concentrate drug companies so that people get medicine. That doesn't mean that what I do is more or less important. It just means that our talents are different."

She smiled at his attempt to make her lifelong contributions more significant. "You're a very sweet man," she said as she looked up at him.

Angelo watched that light come back into her eyes but he shook his head. He couldn't let her think that about him. He wanted their relationship to be completely honest and she couldn't believe a lie. "I'm not sweet or kind or any of those other nice adjectives that you might want in a lover, Jade. You need to know that before we go any further with this. I'm not nice. I will treat you well and I'm very generous, but please don't delude yourself into thinking that I'm nice."

She laughed softly but knew that he was serious. "Okay, so you're a mean, horrible ogre. Consider me forewarned. But we're not going to be lovers. I have a boyfriend," she said and stood up, moving away from him. Nervously, she tried to shift her brain. She'd had a moment of weakness and he'd been kind enough to help her overcome that. But he was still the enemy and if she wasn't careful, she might find herself...Stop it! She wasn't going to be so unfaithful to Dave! Goodness, she really needed to get a grip!

"Can I give you a tour of the house? We've been able to accomplish a great deal while you were out buying up the world."

Angelo stood up as well, towering over her and looking down into her blue eyes. "We will be lovers, Jade. I can see that you need more time to get used to the idea. Perhaps giving you the past two weeks alone was a mistake. I guess you just need more time with me." He ignored her comment about the boyfriend. The man, whoever he was, definitely wasn't a factor if her reaction to their kiss was any indication. Not that he would allow her to continue seeing him. No, he definitely wasn't one to share. Jade would be all his, he thought with determination.

She pulled back, stunned that he would interpret things that way. "More time? And more time...with you?" She swallowed the lump in her throat at the idea. "I don't think we do."

He put a hand to the small of her back and nodded his head. "It's the only thing that makes sense. I'm a large man and a stranger. You're used to smaller men and people you've known for most of your life. I can understand that. I'll be here working on the consolidation of my businesses and making decisions about the house so we'll have plenty of time to get to know each other.

Jade shivered at the idea. "We can't...."

"You were going to show me what you've accomplished. I like the new tiles," he said, referring to the tiles in the great room that were an almost exact match to the old ones.

Jade looked down and pride over her work welled up. She took him through, room by room and explained what each of the workers were doing, how they were researching the previous designs from various sources.

As Angelo walked beside Jade, he looked down at her, taking in her excitement over the project. He was impressed with all the work she'd done, what she was trying to accomplish but he was also equally impressed when she had to deviate from the old styles. Either for comfort or practicality, or even some sort of electrical or plumbing issue, Jade had managed to adjust the rooms so they would be more efficient and comfortable to use while still maintaining the integrity of the era.

The house actually looked worse now than it had when he'd originally bought the structure, but he could also see where the plans were going.

They'd come full circle and were now back in the kitchen when she he glanced down at her watch and gasped. "I have to go," she said and started stuffing papers and plans into her large, leather bag that had been scattered over the plywood that was being used as kitchen counters until the granite arrived. Granite was being used instead of the previous tiles simply because it was a better material. According to Jade, food and germs built up in the grout between the tiles. So she'd selected granite instead since it would be easier to clean up.

"Have dinner with me tonight," he said.

Her eyes flashed up to his face as shock and longing whipped through her at his invitation. But she pushed that feeling down and quickly shook her head. "I can't do dinner tonight," she countered. "I have plans."

He raised an eyebrow. "With your boyfriend?" he asked.

Jade's hand stopped stuffing papers and she bit her lip. "Yes. Dave is meeting me for dinner."

"And you're going to tell him that your relationship is over with him, right?"

Jade looked up at him, the worry in her eyes once again. "Angelo, you really terrify me. I don't want to break up with Dave. I'm more..."

"Comfortable with him." He moved closer, his hand reaching out and touching her cheek. "And is comfortable really what you want?"

Initially her head turned towards his touch and she briefly closed her eyes. But then she realized what she was doing and pulled away. Shaking her head, she grabbed her bag and slung it over her shoulder. "I have to go," she said and hurried out of the house.

Chapter 4

Over the next week, Jade found herself in Angelo's company almost constantly. She would have suspected that he'd planned it that way, but there was really no way she could blame him for several of the occurrences.

Thursday evening, she was sitting in an Italian restaurant with Dave, listening to him drone on about work, complaining about his boss or the new management that was put in place over the past few weeks. According to Dave, they were all idiots that were going to bring the company to bankruptcy.

She didn't mention that she knew the man who had bought out his company. Nor did she tell him what she knew of Angelo's business strategy, why he'd bought one company or another. She didn't want to betray Angelo's trust, thinking their dinner conversations had been private and she had no reason to betray that trust to Dave. But it became harder to be patient with his complaints, knowing why Angelo had done one thing that made sense, while listening to Dave complain about that decision.

She wasn't really interested, but she felt bad for Dave. He had a difficult boss who was pushing him to get tasks accomplished more efficiently. As an accountant, they had to "close the books" every month which required a great deal of tedious activities, according to Dave. He was griping about the monthly schedule and all the overtime he had been putting in lately while Jade tried to listen, but she was more focused on the cheesy pasta and the delicious, crusty bread with the garlic infused olive oil in front of her.

So when his boss and Angelo came into the restaurant that night, he quickly halted his complaining and switched into charming mode. Jade hadn't figured out what was happening until Angelo stopped by their table to say hello to Jade.

Dave was embarrassingly effusive in inviting them to dine together. It was more than a little mortifying to watch Dave schmooze in such an obvious way. Before the other two men had come into the restaurant, Dave had been sullen with his shoulders drooped as if he were a beaten man. But when his boss sat down next to him and Angelo next to Jade, he perked right up. He was so intent on impressing his boss and the new owner of the company that he completely missed Angelo's hand on the back of his girlfriend's chair.

Jade noticed though. How could she not notice? The man's hand slipped under her hair, his fingers teased the exposed skin at the nape of her neck and made her shiver with awareness. His long, muscular leg was plastered against her own. When she tried to shift away from it, he only changed their positions so that their legs were touching more intimately.

She poked at her pasta, Dave not even aware of anything going on.

She glared at Dave, willing him to get a grip and figure out what was happening. The man he was trying to impress was irritated with Dave's conversation. Jade tried several times to change the subject but every time she started to speak, either Dave would switch the conversation back to the original, irritating subject, or Angelo's hand would slide along her neck under her hair, distracting her.

She tried to remove his hand once, but he just moved on to her earlobe. When she gasped at the touch, her whole body shivering with anticipation of what he might do next, she simply closed her mouth and pretended she wasn't leaning into his touch, that she wasn't moving her head so that his fingers caressed her neck and throat.

By the time the meal was over, she was a quivering mass of need but she took a deep breath and grabbed onto Dave's arm, wishing both men a cordial goodbye and walking away with safe and secure Dave beside her.

Later that night, Jasper disappeared again and Jade knew exactly where he was. She was so angry about what Angelo had done during dinner that she stomped over to his house. When she stepped up onto the new stones of his patio, she found him already sitting in the dark, Jasper on his lap while he sipped a glass of wine.

"I came to get my cat," she said by way of explanation, staying far away from him. She'd had enough of his heat today. She didn't think she could stand having him close to her again.

"He's right here," Angelo replied, but didn't do anything to push the feline away. Jasper twitched his tail and looked up at her, those golden eyes daring her to take him off of Angelo's lap. "Would you like some wine?" he asked.

Jade sighed and debated silently what to do. Jasper wasn't getting up, Angelo definitely wasn't going to push the cat off and she wasn't daring enough to go over and lift the enormous fluff ball out of his lap. That was too intimate by far.

"I'll have a glass," she finally said, more because she really wanted to just relax. And if he was on the other side of the table, she would feel a bit better.

They sat in the darkness sipping the amazingly good red wine, talking about different things. Angelo even made her laugh as he told her funny stories. But there was still that undercurrent of tension that wasn't going away.

When Jasper finally jumped off of Angelo's lap, obviously ready to find his own bed for the night, Jade stood up. "Thank you very much for the wine," she said and started walking away.

Angelo wasn't having that. With a swift, silent move, he stood up and took the two steps that were separating them, pulling her into his arms. One hand held her head in place while his other arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her close while his mouth ravaged hers, his tongue teasing hers until she responded and participated.

After several minutes of mind-blowing kisses, he lifted his head and glared down at her. "Do you know how furious I was when I walked into that restaurant and found you with that other man?" he demanded.

Jade shivered because he didn't really wait for an answer. She tried to push out of his arms, tried to be the faithful girlfriend and think of Dave, but Angelo's teeth found her ear lobe and she couldn't contain the shiver of excitement at his touch. "Get rid of him. I want you Jade. And if you were completely honest with yourself, you want me just as much." He bent low and kissed her again, possessing her, demanding she give back everything too.

Only when she was clinging to him, her body shivering with need and desire, did he pull back and look down at her. "Good night, Jade," he said with that deep, shockingly sexy voice of his.

Jade knew that he would take her back into his arms if she gave him any sort of signal. But she pulled up every ounce of determination and forced her feet to follow in Jasper's wake.

The following day, she was sitting in Ellen Finkle's flower covered sitting room with her mother when the doorbell rang. Ellen and her mother had been friends for years with Ellen's husband being one of the best legal advisors in the area.

"I can't imagine who that might be," Ellen said but she stood up and walked to the door. "Goodness!" she said. "Come in, Mr. Donati! What a pleasure it is to have you."

Jade's whole body tensed and she looked up, the delicate china cup in one hand and her napkin in the other. She stared at him, her mind freezing up. With an odd sort of prayer, she hoped that he wouldn't see her. That his head wouldn't turn in her direction and catch sight of her.

But luck was not on her side again. Those black eyes turned and she knew the instant that he saw her. Those lips, the lips that had been in her dreams almost constantly now, smiled ever so slightly.

John Finkle came out of his office and distracted Angelo, breaking their eye contact and giving Jade a bit of time to breathe. But she was not to have a very long reprieve.

"Come on in and have some coffee or tea," Ellen offered.

Jade didn't think that Angelo was the kind of man who would want to sit in a flowered sitting room drinking tea out of a delicate china cup, but damn him if he didn't just sit down in the feminine chair, staring at her as if he intended for Jade to be his next meal. He sipped the coffee, participating in the conversation whenever someone said something directly to him, but Jade was so flustered she almost spilled her tea on her lap.

When she and her mother finally left, the tension was still not to dissipate. Thankfully, Angelo and John went into John's office to discuss whatever business they had together. But Jade wasn't so lucky.

"So what was all that about?" her mother demanded as soon as the door closed behind them.

"I told you about the big project I'm working on, Mother," she said as she pulled her car door open. "I work for Mr. Donati," she said as if that explained all of the undercurrents that were almost tangible in the sitting room a moment ago.

Leslie Phillips was not a woman to be ignored or put off. "Don't even try it, Jade. What's going on between you and Mr. Donati? And don't pretend like there wasn't anything happening. Ellen and I practically had to duck with all of those looks that were flying between the two of you."

Jade pretended to concentrate on backing out of the driveway, giving herself time to come up with some reasonable explanation. "Mr. Donati is a client Mother. I'm working very hard to make sure that I treat him professionally at all times."

Leslie laughed softly. "I don't think Mr. Donati is trying as hard as you are."

Jade's eyes turned swiftly to her mother's, trying to decipher what she was saying. But with the knowing look in her mother's eyes, Jade kept her mouth shut. Jade dropped her mother off at the house they'd moved into fifteen years ago but before Leslie closed the door, she bent low and looked at Jade who was still in the car, ready to drive away as quickly as possible. "He seems like a very nice man," she said. "I think he would be much better for you than Dave."

Jade's mouth fell open with her mother's declaration. "I thought you liked Dave!"

Leslie shrugged. "I do like Dave. I think he's a good accountant and a very nice gentleman. But I don't think he's the man for you." She smiled and her eyes twinkled when she said, "I think Mr. Angelo Donati would be a much better fit for your personality, Jade. Think about it." With that, she slammed the car door closed and walked up the short pathway to her house. With a little wave, she let herself into her house and closed the door, leaving Jade to sit there in stunned silence after dropping that little bombshell.

Her mother's words were ominous now as she saw Angelo everywhere. He was meeting with the mayor as Jade was filing some paperwork for permits, he was at the town council meetings when she had to make a presentation and he somehow manipulated their seating arrangements so that he was right beside her, he was walking down the street and since everyone wanted to speak with him, she had to politely stop and converse with the man as well.

Thankfully, she didn't see him very often when she checked on the progress of his house or when she had to take measurements on one room or another. She wasn't sure she would be able to resist him if he ever found her alone. She was so attuned to his presence lately that she might just throw herself into his arms.

It didn't help that Dave was out of town on business. She wondered if that was Angelo's doing as well. Now that she knew that Dave worked for one of Angelo's companies, she wasn't sure what he might do.

As she wrote down the measurement of the double set of doors in the master bedroom, she shook her head at her crazy thoughts. Angelo wouldn't do anything as crazy as send her boyfriend out of town on non-existent business.

Would he?

She shook her head and walked out of the house. Going through the pathway to her own cottage, she shook her head at the crazy ideas that were shooting through her brain. Of course Angelo wouldn't send Dave on a business trip. It had been spur of the moment, but Dave was working on some audit at a branch out in San Diego. It was an important trip and Dave was thrilled to be doing it, seeing the work as a visible sign of his boss's belief in Dave's talents.

Besides, Dave was coming back to town early tomorrow. She'd see him at the dinner party Patricia was throwing tomorrow evening. Patricia was one of the town's biggest hostesses and loved throwing both elaborate bashes as well as casual dinners in her back yard. Tomorrow's party was thankfully casual. It would be a good time for her to reconnect with Dave, talk to him, be around their mutual friends and remind her of all the important qualities that she wanted in her life. One of those being a sweet gentleman on her arm that she could count on always.

At home that night, she sipped her tea and practiced relaxing. She couldn't believe how stressful this week had become. She'd run into Angelo so often, she was starting to believe it was a conspiracy against her. And every time she saw him, the need to feel him, to have him take her into his arms and show her yet again the excitement that happened when they touched, was almost too difficult to ignore.

She accepted that she wanted him. That was obvious. But Angelo wasn't the man for her. Dave was sweet and considerate and dependable. She had no idea where Angelo would be from one week to the next. He was actually leaving for Paris on Monday. How could she deal with a man who had business all over the world?

Was she being silly? She didn't see Dave for days, sometimes all week, and that didn't bother her. There was also the issue that Dave didn't make her feel anything when he kissed her. Okay, so there was a small bit of impatience when he took her into his arms. She'd always just thought that was because they'd been together for so long and she'd never been willing to take it further. Dave had pushed it initially. When they'd first started dating all those years ago she'd resisted becoming intimate with him. But at the time she'd been quite clear that she wasn't going to have sex with a man before marriage. And Dave had made it very clear that he wanted to marry her, just not yet. So their standoff had continued throughout the years with Dave respecting her need for marriage and not pressing the issue of physical intimacy.

She turned off the lights, checked that Jasper was in his bed and Rufus was on hers, and slipped between the sheets. Yes, Dave was definitely the man she wanted to marry. She didn't want the crazy excitement that Angelo created within her. That was too much, too scary. Dave was the sweet, gentle, kind and faithful man that was willing to respect her need for tradition. While Angelo was completely out of her league not to mention the kind of man who ignored tradition and played by his own rules. The townspeople seemed to have accepted him into their community, harboring no hard feelings about his management changes, especially since his new executives had bought houses in the area. But that didn't mean she had to forgive and forget!

Chapter 5

Jade smiled as Dave walked up to take her arm. He gave her a brief kiss on the cheek and Jade smiled warmly at him. "How was your day?" she asked, trying very hard to look interested. This was what was right. This made sense to her. The comfortable feeling of having Dave next to her with his blond, good looks and his gentle smile was warm and comforting. She didn't need the dark, forbidding silence of Angelo. She didn't need his overly muscled body. And she definitely didn't need his arrogant assumption that she would be his next lover which was communicated to her every time she saw him!

"Are you okay?" Dave asked, stopping and looking at her curiously.

"Sure. Why do you ask?" she demanded, irritated by the memory of Angelo's touch and the way she constantly responded to him as well as the way he was always looking at her!

"You're gripping my arm with your nails digging into my skin."

Jade looked down at her fingers and gasped, instantly releasing his arm. "I'm so sorry!" she apologized, horrified that Angelo could get to her when he wasn't even nearby.

Dave chuckled at her expression and put his arm around here shoulders. "Come on. I think you need a drink."

She didn't even realize she was comparing Dave to Angelo until she put her own arm around his waist, feeling the softness there. She looked at him, noticing that she didn't have to look up at him. In her two inch heels, she and Dave were the same height. That was nice, she thought with a sigh of resignation. She liked this. She preferred this. She didn't want to have a crick in her neck every time she looked at her man.

Okay, so perhaps Dave could work out a bit. She compared the almost non-existent muscles in his arm to the bulging muscles she'd felt in Angelo's arms that one night on his lanai. And she noticed the paunch in Dave's stomach. When had that happened, she wondered. She'd always thought that Dave was more athletic, but looking at him now, she wasn't so sure.

"Are you still running?" she asked as they walked up the pathway to the party. That had been the one thing they'd initially had in common. Jade still ran about five or six miles a day almost every day of the week. It was her way of shutting out the world and reducing her stress levels but also a great way to stay in shape.

Dave shook his head. "There's no time for running now. I barely exercise lately. My boss has me running around all day long."

Jade didn't like the sound of that. She thought that exercise should be part of one's daily routine, as basic as eating and brushing one's teeth. She even loved to swim in the ocean when it was warm enough, enjoying the ability to just run into the surf at the end of a long, exhausting day. She'd actually been doing a lot of that lately now that seeing Angelo seemed to be an almost daily occurrence.

She realized what she was doing, comparing Dave to Angelo's massive physique and reminded herself that she didn't really like a man who had too many muscles. She put her arm around Dave's waist as he smiled to her. "It's good to have you back," she said and tried to genuinely feel it. Dave's waist was soft, her fingers sinking into the flesh at his side. That never happened with Angelo, she thought absently.

Dave put his arm back around her shoulders and gestured to the other guests making their way towards the deck where the party was already in full swing. "Let's not worry about the day right now, okay? Let's just relax and have a good time." He waved to one of his friends as he handed Jade a glass of wine. "Your new neighbor is here," he said, nodding his head over towards the pool area.

Jade froze, her mind recoiling at the idea of Angelo being here. This was supposed to be her safe place. She was among her peers, among the people she'd grown up with. How dare he invade her space like this!

In slow motion, she turned and faced the direction in which Dave was looking and right there, looking more gorgeous than she remembered, was the man who had invaded her dreams every night lately. She couldn't seem to avoid him and it was really irritating her that he was here now, with her friends and her boyfriend. Why couldn't he just leave her alone?

She smiled briefly as Angelo caught her eye. They acknowledged each other, but Jade was startled by the anger she felt emanating from those black eyes. Why in the world did he think he had any right to be angry with her? She was the one feeling stalked. She was the one that wanted just a private evening with her friends so she could wrap her mind around how much she loved Dave. It would be difficult to do that with Angelo shooting daggers at her from across the deck!

"Are the renovations not going well?" Dave asked, taking a sip of his beer. "Your boss is my boss now. So make sure you do a really good job, okay? This is my chance to get in with him."

Jade shivered, finally pulling her eyes away from Angelo's angry look and turned away. "No. They are going extremely well. We're ahead of schedule and under budget." Then Dave's words struck her and she looked at him, feeling almost disgust at his admonition.

Dave wasn't looking in her direction so he didn't see her look of outright fury as he chuckled slightly. "Then why is your boss looking at you as if he's about to tear your head off?"

Jade pasted a smile on her face and shrugged her shoulders, refusing to give him the real reason. She didn't think it would be good for Dave to know that his boss's boss's boss had propositioned her. "I've just missed a few calls from him lately. One of the specialty items he wanted hasn't been delivered so I'm trying to figure out...." She saw Dave's face freeze and she stopped talking. "Dammit! Is he coming over here?" she demanded, almost stomping her foot in frustration. She'd done such a good job of avoiding him today, of avoiding the scary subject she knew he wanted to discuss.

He'd given her one week to break things off with Dave and now she was here with Dave's hand in hers. Angelo wasn't the kind of man who would ignore a blatant challenge like that. Angelo was more like the kind that would pursue a confrontation.

Dave's face flamed with color and she thought that was odd. "Dave, is he leaving?"

"No," Angelo snapped directly from behind her. "I'm not on my way over. I'm standing directly behind you, which was what your boyfriend was trying to silently tell you. Nor am I leaving. We have some unfinished business. Don't we, Jade?" he asked, his normally gravelly voice sounding as smooth as silk. A good way to disguise his anger, she thought with genuine fear clogging up her throat.

She spun around and looked up at him, even irritated that he wasn't a normal sized human being but a giant sized man who could snap her wrist in two with very little effort. "I'm so sorry that we haven't been able to check in with each other lately," she said with a professional smile but she wasn't able to look him in the eye as she silently begged him not to reveal too much in front of Dave. "I've been inexcusably busy with all the vendors and contractors."

With a direct look towards Dave, he said, "Would you excuse us for a moment? We have some important issues to discuss." Angelo waited until Dave had stepped off of the deck and joined another group of people before he continued. "You've conveniently been out of the house whenever I've shown up to talk, you won't answer my phone calls and you've run away from me every time we've met on the street," he raised a hand when she started to interrupt him, "and you can't even look me in the eye when we see each other. For someone who is trying to keep our relationship out of the public eye, you're not doing a very good job of it, Jade."

Jade gasped and looked around. "We are not having any sort of relationship other than professional."

"Yes we are. And you know it. You haven't broken up with Dave yet, have you?"

She started to respond, but he shook his head again. Shifting his body so that his broad shoulders blocked the view of the rest of the party, he created a small, intimate alcove for their conversation. "Don't even bother to deny what we have going on between us Jade. We will be lovers. If you want Dave along to pretend otherwise, that's your choice. But it isn't going to stop me. And you'll be home the next time I come by to talk or I'll find you."

Jade felt as if she'd been caught with her hand in the cookie jar. "I haven't been avoiding you," she lied again, her heart beating frantically now with all of his anger and his ultimatums not to mention the intense desire to have his arms around her once again. Had it only been last week when he'd kissed her? It seemed like months! "I'm sorry I haven't been home. I shouldn't have avoided you. That was inadvertent." She was still lying, but she told herself it was for a good reason. She needed to appease some of his anger. Telling him once again that he scared her wouldn't help her cause because he'd turn all gentle and kind. She could deal with his anger more easily.

"What is it Jade?" he asked, still with that soft, dangerous voice. She felt him shift slightly and then his hand clamped around her upper arm. "Let's find some place a bit more private," he snapped. "People are starting to stare at us and I'd rather not have our conversation broadcast on the streets and coffee shop tomorrow morning."

Without waiting for a response, he guided her off of the small deck and over to the thick grass on the side of the house. Jade smiled to her friends and went along with Angelo as if she were fine with whatever he needed to discuss with her. She refused to acknowledge her hope that he would kiss her, or at least touch her in that special way that made her feel so alive. No, she told herself firmly, she was not addicted to his touch. She didn't like it when he touched her.

When they were finally away from the other guests, she pulled her arm out of his grip and spun around on him, trying to convince herself that she didn't want his touch as much as to convince Angelo.

"How dare you pull me away like that! How rude!"

Angelo wasn't going to take that from her. "Jade, I dare when the woman I held in my arms completely ignores me for no genuine reason except that she's scared."

Her mouth fell open and she took a step back. "I'm not scared!"

Angelo was so furious with her that he could barely see straight. He never lost his temper. He'd learned the hard way that letting one's emotions rule was tantamount to losing control. And he never lost control.

Until this woman came along. Now he was furious with her for being so stubborn as well as for letting her fears keep them away from each other. He was also furious with himself for even caring. On numerous occasions, he'd told himself to just let her go. He'd tried to convince himself that he didn't need a woman who was afraid of her own sexuality but there was just something about her that kept him here, made him keep trying to get through to her.

Why couldn't he just put her aside like all the other women in his past was a mystery, but he couldn't get her out of his mind.

"When are you going to wake up and realize that this thing between us isn't going to go away? And Dave can't give you what we have," he growled. He'd seen her cute derriere walking away from him too often this week. He wasn't going to relent tonight.

Jade turned her head back and forth, crossing her arms over her chest in stubborn defiance. "Dave is a good man. He loves me and he's stood beside me for years. I can't just dump him when a new guy comes along."

Angelo looked down at her, astonished at what she was telling him. "Are you saying that you're being loyal to a man simply because you've invested so much time in the relationship?"

Jade wasn't sure what it was, but his statement didn't sound very sensible. "Well," she bit her lip for a moment, then nodded. "Yes. That's exactly what I'm telling you."

Angelo rolled his eyes. His anger dissipated suddenly and he even respected her a bit more now. He understood loyalty. That made sense to him but he wouldn't let her ignore their attraction simply because she'd been with the dud for so long. "Honey, the very fact that you aren't married to the guy, you barely kiss him and you aren't having sex with him should tell you something."

She bristled at his assumption. "How do you know we aren't having sex?" she demanded.

Angelo actually laughed at the blush that flared up on her lovely cheeks when she asked that question. "I just know, Jade. You're not even attracted to him."

"I am!" she fired right back. "But what would you know about being in a caring, loving relationship?" she asked. "You probably go through women like water bottles, tossing one out after you've used up everything inside them. Then mercilessly tossing the bottle out as soon as you're done, regardless of how horrible it is to the environment."

Angelo looked at her, confused. "Are we talking about human relationships now, or our relationship with our recycling?"

She huffed, furious with him. "That was an analogy," she flamed back, punching him on his shoulder but he didn't even feel it with all those bulky muscles. "I don't want to be the water bottle you toss away when you're finished with me! Dave wouldn't ever throw me away! He likes to savor bottled water!"

Even Jade could hear how ridiculous her analogy was becoming but he just made her so furious!

"How do you know I don't savor my bottle of water?" he asked, merriment in his eyes as he looked down at her. His hands reached out and touched her hips, pulling her closer. "I might have found the most amazing bottle of water, one that could quench my thirst for a long, long time."

"You're a tosser," she argued back, her hands gripping his wrists but not pulling them away. She didn't realize that she was tilting her head to the side so he could nibble on her neck, but her eyes closed as the heavenly feeling set all of her nerve endings tingling.

"I think you should give us a chance. You never know what might get tossed."

Jade knew he was referring to her dumping Dave but she took a deep breath and pushed against his shoulders. "Dave's more like wine than water."

Angelo pulled back, not sure what she was talking about now. "Wine?"

She tried to pull out of his arms but he kept his hands on her hips, holding her close. "Yes. He gets better with age."

Angelo threw back his head and laughed. He wasn't sure what she was trying to tell him, but she was delightful and he genuinely respected her loyalty now that he understood that was what was holding her back.

She huffed, irritated with his amusement even though she knew she'd gone out in left field with that last one. "Okay, so that one sounded ridiculous," she glared up at him. "My point is, Dave was there for me all through high school and college. He was a good friend during those years and we've been dating long enough for each of us to understand each other. My mom loves him and she approves of him."

He chuckled. "The implication being that your mother wouldn't approve of me?" He couldn't help it. Women had tried the most intricate schemes to get him to the altar but this woman was rejecting him because she'd been dating a man she no longer felt any attraction to and because her mother might not approve of him? He was generally considered a prime catch. What more could a mother want for a son-in-law? He had a net worth in the billions, he not only owned his own company, that company was so diversified that governments around the world paid him to move into their countries and open up a branch just to provide good, high paying jobs. He had five different homes around the world not to mention an apartment in New York City, Paris and Tokyo and yet Jade thought her mother might not like him?

"Why would your mother disapprove of me?" he asked, letting his curiosity get the better of him.

Jade was irritated by his arrogance. She had no idea if her mother would approve or not, but backtracking wouldn't help her cause. "First of all, you're not from around here."

Angelo waited for the rest of it. But when she simply stopped, he smiled. "You're really going to try and convince me that your mother wouldn't approve of me because I don't have generations of ancestors that have lived in this area?"

It sounded silly, but there it was. And it was all she could come up with at this point. "Well, yes."

He smiled slightly at her outrageous and illogical argument. "Jade, you haven't lived in this area for generations. How can you or your mother apply a standard that even you can't achieve?"

Jade stepped out of his arms and crossed her arms over her chest. "We've both embraced the southern lifestyle. And I like it down here." Her chin jutted out defiantly as she dared him to deny her statement.

He took her hands, not surprised when her arms easily unwound from her body. Holding her fingers lightly in his larger hands, he pulled her close once again. "Jade, I can't claim to be a southerner, but nor can you. So I won't let you ignore me simply because I just moved here. Besides, we're neighbors. Shouldn't you be more neighborly?"

She pulled back, shaking her head but he wouldn't let her pull out of his arms completely. "If I had my way, we never would have met."

He chuckled but hid his amusement by kissing her neck again. He figured it had worked once to distract her so he could touch her, it would probably work again. "Jasper would never have come home that night. He was pretty content to stay where he was."

Jade sighed, her hands automatically moving up to his shoulders, bending her neck so he had better access. "Jasper is a traitor," she sighed.

Angelo couldn't argue that point because the cat personified finicky. "He just needed some attention. Just like you, isn't that right, Jade?" His hand stroked down her back and he smiled as she arched into his hand. She was so responsive, it made him want her even more. He wanted to see her go up in flames just like she did every time he kissed her. "And you make the same noises sometimes," he said, smiling at the memory.

She took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to regain control of her senses but when he was touching her, it was very difficult. "I don't make any noises," she said, trying to regain her dignity which was slipping fast with his arms around her. "I'm quiet as a mouse."

Angelo stopped for a moment, listening to her soft, pretty voice purr as his hands slid along her skin underneath her shirt. She probably didn't even realize that he'd slipped them under the fabric, but he wasn't going to stop. Then he smiled and shook his head as he looked down into her heated, beautiful features. "I've never heard a mouse make sounds like that," he growled before his teeth latched onto her earlobe. He knew she'd be furious with his comment and braced for it.

Had he really just said that? She blinked, about to reprimand him for being so rude but then his teeth nibbled along the shell of her ear and she was lost, leaning against him as if she would melt down into the grass. And it would have nothing to do with the heat that was slowly dissipating from the earth as the sun went down over the horizon and everything to do with the way he touched her, the way he used his whole body to make love to her right here on the side lawn of her friend's house.

"Come home with me after the party, Jade," Angelo coaxed. "Forget about propriety and all the rules you've wrapped around your life. Just live for the moment."

His words made sense, but they were wrong. She couldn't figure out why they were wrong with his hands touching her waist like that, moving higher. But not high enough. "Can't do that," she sighed and let her own hands move up his arms, touching his shoulders while her fingers dove into his soft, black hair.

"You can," he argued softly and nibbled her collar bone. "It's only your mind telling you that you won't. Just finish the argument with your mind and give in to what we both want. You need to stop being afraid."

She heard her name being called from a distance and that was enough to break the sensuous spell that Angelo continued to weave around the two of them whenever they were close. Jade pulled back, taking a deep breath to try and pull herself together. As she looked around, she realized that anyone could have come by and seen them in such a compromising position. She smoothed down her flowered skirt, straightened her white blouse and adjusted the coordinating cardigan that was draped over her shoulder. Hopefully, she didn't look like a woman who had just been kissing a man. "I'm not afraid to love a man," she said defensively, but was unable to look up at him. "But I'm not afraid to shoot him either." She didn't stop and wait for her angry words to sink in with him. She carefully stepped away, gently stepping through the grass so the heels of her classic pumps didn't get mud or grass stains on them.

But she was gritting her teeth as she turned the corner, irritated that Angelo hadn't taken her threat seriously. As she walked back to the other guests, she could still hear his laughter but she simply picked up another wine glass and pretended like she didn't have any knowledge of what could have caused Angelo's mirth.

Looking around, she searched for someone she could talk to before Angelo rounded the corner. The idea was to appear as if she weren't interested in anything he had to say. Unfortunately, some of the other guests were looking at her strangely.

Her friend Deena came up to stand beside her. "Were you just over there talking to Mr. Donati?" she asked, craning her neck to see the man come around the side of the house.

Jade looked at her, eyes filled with innocence. "Mr. Donati? I can't imagine what's gotten into him," she said just as he stepped up onto the deck. Angelo was instantly surrounded by people. The men vied to talk to him but the women were actually the ones that really irritated her. Molly Montgomery sidled up to Angelo, plastering her breasts against his arm as she hugged him. As if Molly and Angelo would ever be good friends! Pah! Molly was a total fake.

"Even her boobs are probably fake," Deena said, echoing Jade's thoughts.

Jade couldn't help it. The moment Deena said that, Jade had just taken a sip of her wine. It turned out to be a competition between the unexpected laughter versus the sip of wine and she wasn't sure which won. By the time she got it pulled together, several people were looking at her strangely. But the only person that caught her own eye was Angelo and she mentally cursed him when he stood there, leaning against the railing and looking so sexy and all-knowing. There was no way he could know what Deena had just said to her. Could he?

Jade turned around, fanning her face as she apologized to the group standing nearby, then glared at her friend. Deena simply shrugged her shoulders with a secret smile on her face as she handed Jade a plate. "Dinner is ready," she said more brightly than was needed.

Jade took the plate, looking around for Dave. But when she couldn't find him, Jade simply assumed he was inside with the other men. She heard the television going but didn't recognize which sport was being watched. She hated television anyway so she meandered over to the food table and surveyed the options.

"Oh Jade! I made your favorite," Patricia said. "Grits! Just like you prefer them, right? Butter, no cream or sugar."

Jade smiled brightly and took the spoon from the bowl, adding a dab of grits that were swimming in butter to her plate. Keeping her face completely blank, she moved on down the table, grabbing a little of this, a bit of that and then moving off. Again, she looked around for Dave, wondering where he might be. It was odd for him to miss food, especially since he'd been talking about how hungry he was. She took a seat on a bench, making sure there would be enough space for Deena and started eating until a large, male form sat next to her.

Jade had to move over to make room for his large body, but even when she did so, he still moved so that he was touching her. "There are plenty of other chairs around," Jade glared up Angelo as he sat next to her.

"I don't want to sit anywhere else. And you don't want me to either," he said, winking at her before digging into his food.

She debated long and hard mentally about arguing with him because she just knew he would say something irritating back at her, but she couldn't contain the effort. Turning slightly so she was facing him, she asked, "Who says I don't want you sitting somewhere else?" she countered, thinking he could just move over slightly so that his thigh wasn't plastered against hers. She shifted her legs slightly, trying to put some space between them but he just shifted again, touching her in more places than simply her legs.

He reached over and scooped up a bite of her grits. "I saw the way you looked at me when your friend started flirting. You didn't like it. So I won't go near her again, even though I can promise you that I'm not interested in her in any way."

Jade started to say something, but Molly was just turning around from the food table, obviously looking for Angelo. When she realized that there weren't any other seats near him, her face looked crestfallen but she moseyed over to another area where there were some empty chairs and found some other people to chat with.

Jade absolutely hated the relief she felt when the blond woman was foiled in her plans to continue to flirt with Angelo. She had no right to feel proprietary around him. She couldn't have him, why shouldn't he find other female companionship?

"I don't care what you do," Jade said, secretly relieved that he wasn't sitting next to the artificially bodacious Molly.

Angelo only chuckled at her response. "Want me to finish eating your grits?" he asked as he leaned close to her ear so only she could hear his question. He didn't wait for her answer but scooped up another bite.

Jade looked up at him, startled when she realized that he'd already eaten half of the amount she'd put on her plate. "Why would I want you to eat my grits?" she asked, but didn't try and stop him when he took yet another bite.

Angelo's eyebrows went up. "Because you obviously don't like them."

"Every self-respecting southerner loves grits. Of course I love grits," she argued, but she needed to brace herself to take a bite of the chewy, butter-sodden concoction and at that moment, she just couldn't do it. She actually hated grits. She disliked the texture and the bland taste and she really hated grits when they were swimming in butter like this.

But Jade also knew that not liking grits was a heinous crime in the south. Everyone loved grits and only true southerners preferred butter on their grits. Some people put cream and sugar on them, others even put maple syrup or cheese. In Jade's opinion, there really was no way to make grits taste good. In her mind, they had a taste similar to glue, or at least what glue would taste like if she ever deigned to eat glue, which she wouldn't. But then, she ate grits whenever she was at one of these events, so maybe she should try glue....what was she thinking? Her mind was going off in very odd directions and she put the blame all on the huge man sitting next to her and taking up too much space on the bench.

Angelo chuckled softly, refusing to let her get away with such an obvious fib. "You hate grits. And I suspect that you also dislike collard greens as well." He stated the accusation so softly that only she could hear him. Suddenly, her plate was taken out of her hands and replaced with a practically clean plate. She glanced down, astonished, and then looked around at the others around them, wondering if anyone had seen what Angelo had just done.

Thankfully, no one was really paying much attention to them. Too many people were milling about on the deck so she breathed a bit easier, relieved that they had gotten away with the switch.

"How did you know?" she whispered, smiling when Deena turned back to them, but then was caught by another friend.

"How did I know that you don't like grits or collard greens?" he asked, putting more vinegar on the greens before scooping some up onto his fork.

She waved to a couple that she knew from church, pretending that she'd already finished her meal and hadn't just let Angelo abscond with the vile parts of her dinner. "Yes. What gave me away?"

He laughed softly. "It was the lack of any expression on your face that tipped me off. That and the way you ate the ham biscuits and the fried chicken, leaving behind those two items. Dead giveaway."

She shifted uncomfortably on her portion of the bench, irritated that he had read her so easily. "I might have just been saving them for the end because I liked them so much and wanted to...."

"Give it up, Jade. You hate grits."

She huffed a bit, not sure if she could lie her way through this argument. "Every southerner loves grits," she stated emphatically.

He looked down at her face, that irritating amusement still there. "And you want so badly to be a southerner that you're willing to eat a starch just to fit in?"

She crossed and uncrossed her legs, trying to find a suitable answer. "I try to be polite when things are served."

He let her get away with that, only because several other people came over, wanting a word with him. Jade tried to stand up and walk away, but Angelo, irritating man that he was, put his arm around the back of the bench with his hand holding her in place. When she tried to get up anyway, his fingers slid into her hair, touching her skin. She shivered, almost closing her eyes with his touch but she couldn't pull away. She loved the way his fingers touched her. It was almost as if her skin came alive, became electrified and each part of her wanted to shift in her chair so another area of her skin could feel his touch.

"Breathe, Jade," he whispered softly into her ear.

She took a deep breath, unaware that she'd been holding it while he touched her. She felt self-conscious about his secret touch, but the conversations swirled around her with no one seeming to notice his hand on the back of her neck.

"Jade!" Deena called out to her. "Your mother just arrived and she's looking for you."

Jade trembled, her body not sure if she wanted to stay here more, secretly enjoying Angelo's hands touching her once again after such a long absence, or go to her mother. It was a conflict and she couldn't decide, which seemed ridiculous. She should be jumping up and running to her mother, or more specifically, running away from Angelo's touch.

"Go to your mother," he said softly, pulling his hand away.

As soon as his touch was gone, she could think more rationally. She stood up, took a deep breath, then reached down to take Angelo's plate as well as hers to the kitchen where she suspected her mother would be, trying to help with either the cooking or cleaning.

"Momma!" Jade called out as soon as she stepped into the house. Sure enough, her mother was offering to bring out dessert but the hostess was laughing off the offer. At Jade's call, her mother's head spun around and Jade was instantly enveloped in a warm, effusive hug!

"Goodness, child. Where have you been?" Leslie asked, looking at her daughter with merry eyes. "Are you feeling okay? You look a little flushed. Has that gorgeous man been making you blush again?" she asked as she surveyed her daughter with a knowing look.

Jade shook her head, taking her mother's arm and linking it with hers to guide her outside. "It's just warm. I'm glad you're here."

"I know. It's been almost a week since I've seen you. I've been wondering what's been going on with your man and hoping you've gotten over your issues."

Jade didn't roll her eyes. "I spoke to you on the phone just yesterday, Momma. And you know nothing has changed."

"Yes, but wait until you have kids," her mother said, patting her daughter's hand. "You'll understand why I ask." She shook her head when Jade opened her mouth to explain. "And don't worry. I know you've been extremely busy with your newest project and I'm excited for you. You've loved that house ever since we moved here. It's just nice that the house comes with a drool-worthy owner as well," she said with a mischievous glint.

Jade looked behind her worriedly, hoping Angelo wasn't hearing her mother's comments. But of course he was. He'd moved from the bench to the edge of the deck, a beer in his hand and surrounded by other men who were trying desperately hard to look as sophisticated and confident, but none of them even coming close. And he was looking right at her, winking at her once again to let her know that he'd heard everything.

Not that he hadn't figured out that she loved that old place, she thought as she led her mother over to a group of her friends and joining into the conversation. If Angelo had figured out that she hated grits and collard greens, he surely knew how she felt about his house.

Something to her left caught her eye and she turned her head. She didn't think many others at the party noticed, but Dave was coming out of the trees that grew at the edge of the yard. He looked unkempt, his hair slightly messed up and his shirt almost looked...had he unbuttoned his shirt for some reason?

He was far enough away and coming out of an area that wasn't noticeable to most of the other guests, but Jade watched with growing fascination as Dave tucked in his shirt more securely before he stepped around the corner to re-join the party.

Jade didn't say anything but when Dave moved up to her, putting his arm around her waist casually, something inside of her recoiled. She didn't like Dave's hand there. Was it because she suspected something had been going on with him? Surely it wasn't because she didn't like Dave touching her. She'd been with Dave for years now. He was her sweetheart. There was nothing wrong with his touch.

But she still moved out of his arms, pretending to be reaching for a dessert plate that had just been set out on the food tables. She even handed him one, trying to appear gracious and kind. But in her mind, she accepted that she wanted his hands otherwise occupied. Holding a dessert plate meant he couldn't touch her.

And then her eyes looked up again catching another movement to her left. Jade watched with astonishment as Molly walked out of the same area of the tree line from which Dave had just emerged. "Huh," she said, holding her plate and staring openly at the woman as Molly too adjusted her clothing, pulling her fingers through her hair to make it look more presentable.

"What's wrong, honey?" Dave asked, taking a bite of the dessert cake.

Jade held her untouched dessert in front of her, unaware that the rest of the group was waiting to hear what had caused her to stare in the odd direction. "Molly's coming out of the tree line over there." And then she turned to look at Dave. "That's just where you were coming out a moment ago," she said, her eyebrows going up as she waited for an explanation.

Jade had no idea that the six other people standing next to and behind her were now looking at Molly, then back at Dave. She was focused only on Dave's flushed features and his eyes, which couldn't look at hers. "What were you doing in the woods with Molly, Dave?" she asked, amazed that she would feel so calm when she knew, deep inside herself, that Dave had been in the woods with Molly doing things that Jade wouldn't allow him to do with her.

Dave ran a hand through his hair, his fingers shaking slightly. "I wasn't in the woods, Jade. I don't know what you're talking about."

Deena stepped into the group as well. "I saw you coming out almost in the exact same area. What's going on, Dave?" she asked, adding her censure to the six others.

Jade had to give him credit. He regrouped quickly, his eyes scanning the scowling crowd and realizing that he was in a no-win situation here. "Can we talk about this later?" he asked, trying to put his arm back around Jade's waist but she took a quick step backwards and shook her head. "I don't think so, Dave."

Dave's face turned a painful color of red and he gritted his teeth. "This isn't what it looks like," he growled, furious beyond words. "Molly means nothing to me!"

It was unfortunate that Molly chose that point to step onto the deck. With Dave's fervent words carrying over the whole crowd, all eyes turned to face Molly, their curiosity piqued.

"Excuse me?" Molly demanded, her crazy curls going every which way as she flipped her copper hair behind her head. With hands fisted on her hips, she glared right back at Dave, unconcerned that she was now the center of everyone's attention. "What the hell do you mean, I mean nothing to you?" She took several steps forward and slapped her open palm against his cheek, causing his skin to go from pink to white and then right back to that painful red once again. But this time, the red was mostly in the shape of Molly's hand and he cursed under his breath, causing several of the older ladies to gasp in horror.

"Excuse me," he said as politely as possible. His eyes frantically went from Jade to Molly, then back again, obviously trying to decide who to appease first. He tried to take Jade's hand, causing Molly to gasp in anger. But Jade was having none of that and she quickly pulled her hand free of his grasp, refusing to take a step away from the party to hear his explanations.

"I think you owe Molly an apology," she said softly and with as much dignity as possible. "And I think maybe you should leave so that Patricia's party can continue without further incident."

Dave hesitated, but when there was complete silence he accepted that he was persona non grata at the moment. "I apologize for the disruption of the party," he said with what little dignity he had left. With that, he walked away.

Molly didn't like that one little bit. Apparently, her anger over his disrespect vanished and she rushed after Dave, hoping to appease his anger and embarrassment.

Jade watched it all, wondering why she wasn't feeling more betrayed. She'd been with Dave for years. They'd gone through so much together, but at this particular moment, she couldn't work up any indignation for what had just happened. Perhaps because of her own ambivalent feelings towards Dave over the past several weeks. All of which were caused by none other than Angelo Donati. She turned around, her eyes scanning the group once again until her gaze collided with his. Those dark eyebrows went up as if he were trying to tell her "I told you so".

Jade sighed heavily, wondering why she'd missed something so obvious. How long had Dave been having an affair? She had no clue. Thankfully, the crowd was eager to pretend that nothing had just occurred among their group. Everyone immediately started chatting away, either coming up with a new topic of conversation or resuming the one that had been aborted by the scene with Dave. No one dared to come up and ask Jade if she were okay. That wouldn't be the proper, southern thing to do. But Jade suspected that every woman standing around was working out in their mind what sort of baked goods she would be bringing by to Jade's house tomorrow morning. It was just how things were done, she knew. When someone "passed" or a major event occurred in someone's life, baking was a southern woman's way of showing their solidarity and support. It might happen in other areas of the world, but Jade knew that it was a southern tradition that would continue to be passed down from one generation of women to the next. She actually smiled at the thought, feeling connected and included. That was the thing about traditions, even the crazy ones. They might not make sense, but they "felt" right and gave a tangible show of support.

Chapter 6

Jade sighed as her doorbell rang once again. She'd known last night that this would happen but she hadn't considered the scope of everyone's reaction. There wasn't a surface in her kitchen that wasn't covered by some sort of cake, cupcake, chocolate torte, chocolate tart or chocolate truffle. It seemed that every woman who had been at the party last night had immediately gone home and baked or cooked something for Jade, almost all of it in chocolate and definitely everything in high calories and carbs.

Jade had nothing against carbs. They were a major food group in her life. And chocolate? That was a no brainer.

But she really wasn't devastated and it felt wrong to accept all of these gifts and condolences on a relationship that, Jade now knew, had fizzled out years ago. She and Dave had been together only out of habit and not out of any real affection for each other.

Oh, she knew that she would always consider him a friend, but she hadn't truly felt anything deeper than mild affection for a long time now.

She'd never admit any of this to Angelo though. He'd been telling her this for weeks now and she'd used Dave as a buffer against falling into his arms.

As she answered the door for about the fiftieth time that afternoon, she wondered if that was why she had reacted so strongly to Angelo's touch and his kisses. She preferred to think that she was made of much sterner stuff and if she were in love with a man, no other male would tempt her.

But she also knew that she hadn't really been put to the test. She'd been with Dave for so long, no one had even come....

There he was. The man himself creating a huge shadow over her doorway. "What are you doing here?" she asked with resignation. "Did you come here to gloat? To tell me that you've told me this all along?" She leaned against the wooden doorway, her cheek trying to absorb the coolness of anything since she knew her body was heating up just at the sight of Angelo looking so delicious in khaki slacks and a white, button down shirt rolled up on his forearms. She stared at that piece of skin, her fingers remembering what it felt like, all those muscles and that fascinating skin.

She tore her eyes away from Angelo and took a deep breath, bracing herself for his words.

"Want an escape from the chocolate onslaught?" he asked.

Jade had to laugh because her house definitely smelled like a chocolate factory. "I would love it," she said and stepped out of the house, pulling her door closed behind her.

"Don't you need to lock up?" he asked as she moved outside.

"Lock up?" she asked, confused as she looked up at him, her eyes squinting in the bright sunshine.

He tilted his head slightly behind her. "Your door. Don't you need to lock your door?"

Jade laughed and shook her head. "Not here. That's for you city folk," she teased him. "Believe it or not, there's very little crime here. I only lock my door when I go out of town."

They walked down the sidewalk, enjoying the abnormally cool summer day. The humidity had dissipated the previous night after storms had roared through, leaving everything smelling fresh and clean, if wet. The temperature had dropped about ten degrees so it was only a sweltering eighty-five degrees today.

"I'm sorry I haven't been over at the house today," she said, but wondered why she was apologizing. She had been avoiding the man for the past week, "I haven't been able to get away from the doorbell today. It seems that everyone in the area heard about Dave's betrayal and thought to bring over something to help me get through the pain of our breakup."

Angelo looked down at her beautiful face, noting the sparkle in her blue eyes and the lack of tear stains or even redness around her eyes. "You don't look too upset by the knowledge that Dave was seeing Molly."

Jade smirked. "Let's call it what it is, okay? Dave was messing around with Molly behind my back. He wasn't dating her, he wasn't sweetly courting her. He was..."

"I know," he said and put a hand to her shoulder. "But even still, you're not angry about his betrayal as much as you're furious with him doing it behind your back. Am I right?"

She trembled slightly with his heavy hand but shook her head. "No. I'm not hurt. Unfortunately."

"Well, it's hard to be angry when you've done the same to him."

Jade started to contradict him, but she closed her mouth, knowing that he was simply stating the truth. Although her unfaithfulness hadn't been to the same degree. "Yes," she sighed.

She was staring down at the sidewalk, unaware of where they were going as they talked. It was nice to discuss something other than Dave's betrayal, especially since she felt like a coward for doing the same thing to him and not saying anything last night. Of course, she hadn't had sex with Angelo at a party, and in the woods, no less! "Why in the world would he have sex outside!" she asked him, completely off subject.

Angelo stopped and looked down at her, seeing her horrified and confused expression and he couldn't stop the chuckle. "I take it you're not much of an exhibitionist, eh?" he suggested.

Jade's cheeks turned pink at his question and she wasn't able to answer him. She looked away, down at her feet, at the sidewalk and checked out her nails. "I guess I'm a bit naive, aren't I?" she asked finally.

Angelo couldn't resist. He bent down and gently kissed her. It was only a brief touch, but it was enough to fluster her, which made him feel good. He liked that he could do this to her. "I know just the thing to get over a breakup that you didn't care about," he said and put his arm around her shoulders.

The overhead door chimes were the first thing to break her out of the daze that Angelo's kiss had put her into. The teenager's mouth hanging open behind the ice cream counter was the next. She looked around, suddenly realizing where they were. "We can't be here," she whispered up to him with a horrid sense of urgency. She tried to take his hand and pull him out but he wouldn't budge. "Angelo, we have to get out of here," she hissed again, grabbing his arm this time.

Angelo continued to ignore her. "The lady will have cherry vanilla ice cream in a cup with caramel sauce and a double helping of whip cream." He looked down into her frantic eyes and smiled. "With two cherries," he followed up.

The teen behind the counter looked at Angelo with growing fascination. It took him an instant, but the boy finally snapped out of it and he grabbed the ice cream scooper, filling Angelo's order. When the cup was sitting on the counter, Angelo said, "I'll have a scoop of praline pecan and strawberry."

The boy quickly grabbed a bigger cup and put the two scoops into the cup. Angelo gave him a ten dollar bill and thanked him, taking both cups and walking to the door.

Jade stared after him, her lips trying to tell him to go to hell, but she couldn't seem to form the words. He just kept walking, standing in the doorway then waiting for her to follow him. "Are you coming? The ice cream is melting."

Jade stomped to the door angrily. "We can't be here!" she growled to him. "Let's go."

Angelo shook his head with a barely-there smile. "Take your ice cream, Jade. Pick a table."

Jade looked around, finally aware that others were watching them, all of them just as fascinated by the scene as the boy inside the ice cream shop had been. In defeat, she took her ice cream cup and walked over to one of the empty tables with a large umbrella offering shade. She sat down and stared at her ice cream cup, wondering how she could avoid the next round of gossip.

When he sat down across from her and leaned back in the dainty looking chair, she glared at him, suddenly realizing what he was doing. "You know exactly what's going to happen now, don't you?" she asked him.

Angelo looked up at her, trying to appear innocent.

"Don't even try it!" she said, but she picked up her spoon and took a bite of the decadent treat. "You know what this will look like, don't you?"

His smile grew wider. "If you're trying to imply that I might be doing something other than helping you feel better after your breakup last night, I can't imagine what is on your mind."

She took another bite, loving the rich ice cream. "You're trying to get everyone to think that we're together now," she hissed.

Angelo raised an eyebrow once again. "We are together."

She was startled by that comment but tilted her head. "Are we getting married then?" thinking to startle him, to break his confidence.

"No. You definitely wouldn't want me as a husband," he replied with grave seriousness. "But we are a couple."

His statement certainly turned the tables on her. She hadn't startled him at all but she was stunned. "I'm guessing you're trying to tell me that you think you'd make a very poor life mate?"

He shrugged one of his extremely large shoulders and took another bite of his ice cream. "Let's just say that marriage might not be the best idea. But I can take care of you."

Although he didn't look at her, she could tell that there was much more behind his words. It was almost as if he were pained to say them to her, wanting the words to be different. "Just as a point, I can take care of myself. But I'm more interested to know why you think you would make a poor husband." She took several spoonfuls of ice cream while she waited for him to reply.

He put his empty ice cream cup on the table and looked across at her. "Experience has taught me a lot. And I know you wouldn't want me as a husband."

His words made something inside of her ache with the pain he was feeling and trying not to reveal to her. She couldn't believe what he was telling her. But it stood to keep in mind as they moved forward. "I'll consider myself forewarned," she said.

"Good." He looked down at her almost empty cup, smiling slightly as she ate the second maraschino cherry. "Are you ready to get to work? One of the contractors broke several pieces of plaster this morning."

Jade gasped and jumped up from the table, horrified that just one morning away and things were getting off schedule. "Good grief," she said and tossed her now empty ice cream cup away along with his. "Let's go."

She was already walking down the sidewalk, ignoring the stares of the others while Angelo walked beside her. She thought about all he'd said over ice cream and something bothered her. Why did he think he would be a horrible husband? The thought kept nagging at her as they walked past the stores, waving to the various people out and about doing their own business. By the time they'd turned the corner heading back to his house, she couldn't stop her curiosity any longer.

"Angelo, where were you born?' she asked, trying to prod for more information.

"In New York City," he said and pulled one of the low-hanging branches out of her way, only releasing it when she'd passed by it. "Why do you ask?"

She shrugged but bit her lower lip. "It just occurred to me that I don't really know anything about you. I mean...you've kissed me...several times actually..." she shivered at the memory, her body starting to clamor once again for his touch but she pushed that need behind her.

"And we'll do that again very soon," he commented with a smile.

"Regardless," she replied a bit breathlessly, "and the whole town will think that we're an item after the last hour but it struck me that I don't really know anything about you except that Jasper seems to love sneaking over to your place and Rufus loves you now too for some reason. And since that ridiculous dog doesn't really get up for anyone, much less an intruder if I ever had one, then the stupid thing rousing himself to go visit you is a miracle in itself."

He kept his secret about her animals' devotion to herself. "What do you want to know?"

"What was it like growing up in New York? It seems like it would be busy and hard to get around."

Angelo shook his head. "It was okay."

Jade looked up at him and saw the closed off expression in his eyes. She understood that questions about his childhood were off limits, but that had never stopped her from probing before. "Where do your parents live?" she asked.

There was a long silence and Jade thought he might be ignoring her question. So she was startled when he said, "They died."

Jade stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and watched his broad shoulders and muscular back for a moment until he realized she wasn't next to him any longer. When it hit him, he also stopped, then turned around to find out why she'd stopped.

"So who raised you?" she asked carefully.

Angelo turned and looked down at her, seeing the soft, compelling concern in her eyes. For a moment, he let her concern wash over him, fill him and warm his heart. But when he started to realize what he was doing, he stiffened his resolve and pulled back. "I raised myself," he said as if that were the most obvious thing in the world.

"When did your parents pass away?" she asked gently, standing in the heat, her heart melting at the idea of this large, gentle giant of a man being alone.

"When I was a kid."

"How old were you?"

He shrugged and looked behind her slightly. "Ten years old."

She smiled at the idea of Angelo being a ten year old boy with black hair and dark eyes, looking solemn and intelligent. "And who took you in after they died? An aunt or uncle?"

He shook his head and moved closer. "Jade, I know you like to see the world with rose colored glasses, but that's not how life really works."

"I know that. Things haven't been wonderful for me all my life either. I remember the pain after my own father died so I can't even imagine what you must have gone through to lose both of your parents. Life was pretty rough."

"So you can understand when I explain that my aunts and uncles couldn't take me in."

"Where did you go?" she asked, not sure if she wanted to hear the answer. Her stomach tensed, her heart beating rapidly as she thought about all the horrifying possibilities.

"The state had to take me in. I lived in an orphanage for about five months and then I was transferred to the foster care system. Can we go now?" he asked. "I really don't like those people in my house without you there to supervise them. You know what you're doing but they aren't as careful. Who knows where holes in the wall might end up."

Jade looked at him for a long moment. She'd known from the start of this conversation that she wouldn't like where it was going. But the idea of Angelo living in an orphanage, all alone without any mother or father to give him hugs and kisses, to tuck him in at night and explain how life worked, was heart wrenching. In theory, she knew that there were thousands of kids who went through that every year. But she didn't know those kids. And she didn't recognize their genius like she did with Angelo. He was awe-inspiring and she hated the idea that he'd raised himself without any kind of love or affection.

"Jade?" he prompted.

She snapped out of her thoughts, realizing that he didn't want to talk about this subject any longer. "Yes. Of course," she stammered. She looked down at the sidewalk and forced her feet to move forward. Just one foot in front of the other, she told herself.

They arrived back at his house five minutes later and he disappeared into his office, a room he'd set up all by himself with another contractor who had run wires and wireless thingamabobs all through the room. Despite the heavy door, she heard his deep voice talking throughout the afternoon, but she didn't venture into his domain. When the work day was finished, she ensured that the workers had cleaned up their current projects then slipped out one of the side doors.

When she was standing in the still hot twilight, she looked back at the house. Should she check on Angelo? What was he going to eat for dinner? He didn't have a working kitchen and it hadn't ever occurred to her that he needed food. Of course, that was silly since the man had to eat. He was enormous and obviously worked out pretty hard in order to maintain all those amazing muscles.

She looked through the courtyard where some workers had started putting in landscaping now that the concrete had been repaired. Should she offer to have him over for dinner?

No! She needed to be away from him. Every time they were together, she ended up in his arms. She gritted her teeth and forced her feet to keep moving forward, not looking back even though her heart was aching at the thought of Angelo eating something cold and all alone.

She reached her cottage and went into the kitchen, pouring food for Jasper and Rufus and a bowl of cereal for herself. Rufus came running, eager to inhale his food. But Jasper was nowhere to be seen. The finicky feline continued to hide. Or pretend to hunt. Or just decided that tonight he would be ornery because Jade had come home later than normal. The cat was very temperamental about his schedule.

Because it had been such a crazy day, she pulled out a mystery novel she'd started last week and tried to read the book with a glass of wine at her elbow. She sipped the wine, but the whole time, she had trouble focusing. Her mind kept coming back to the mystery of Angelo Donati. How had he gone from an orphan to a foster child to his current amazing success? What had happened in his childhood that had pushed him to such a level that he was this successful?

And where was Jasper? His fluffy head should have poked through the door by now. And his huge body should have plunked down on top of her book, demanding attention since she was trying to read.

Jade took another sip of wine and looked around. Her comfy little sitting room was the perfect size for her but she couldn't imagine Angelo feeling comfortable in here. His enormous size would dwarf all of her furniture.

Why hadn't she ever pictured Dave in this room? It struck her as odd that she was already thinking of Angelo inserting himself into her life and her domain but Dave's presence hadn't ever broken through. She liked her space, but the idea of Angelo here both disturbed her and excited her, even though he definitely wouldn't feel comfortable on any of her furniture.

She sipped her wine, scratching Rufus behind his ears and smiling absently when he growled with happiness, shifting his body so she could reach his tummy.

An hour later, she stretched and looked around. She hadn't gotten very far in her book, but it still bothered her that Jasper hadn't come to even sniff at his food. Even if he wasn't hungry, Jasper still sat beside his dish and stared at her, mentally demanding that she change his food since it had been sitting there for more than he deemed appropriate. Jade never did, but that didn't stop him from demanding. In his little cat mind, Jasper knew that he would eventually succeed in telepathically demanding better kibbles.

She continued to scratch Rufus, rubbing his ears and his belly while he slowly crept onto her lap. She was so caught up in trying not to think about Angelo and figure out where Jasper had gone, she didn't even notice that Rufus had pushed her book to the floor as the canine was now draped over her lap and chair, blissfully enjoying her attentions.

She absently wondered what Angelo might have eaten for dinner. Had he ordered something to be delivered? Or had he gone to a restaurant? He probably had several associates he could call if he needed dinner companionship. That term brought another woman to mind and Jade quickly rejected that idea. She didn't believe that Angelo would take her to the ice cream shop, proposition her one more time, then call up a female to have dinner with him. No, of all the things that she didn't like about the man, the way he made her feel being at the top of the list, his fidelity wasn't something she would question.

She couldn't even use his business methods against him anymore. Not after he explained how he'd acquired two different medical companies in order to acquire two patents, making both medicines safer and more effective. Darn the man for taking away her initial irritation with him!

It didn't matter, she told herself. He'd already asserted that he would be a horrible husband and she wanted to get married, have children. She knew she wasn't the type of person who could be some man's mistress. It simply wasn't in her makeup.

And Jasper continued to remain absent! So where was the little fluff ball? Why wasn't he here? He should be toddling around with his black and gold hair sticking out all over his body, his huge tail twitching with curiosity or irritation that he can't catch the fly that was buzzing through her little family room. The poor cat constantly hunted about outside, desperately thinking he could catch flying or scurrying creatures but never actually succeeding.

Why wasn't he here?

She sighed and gripped her wine glass with suddenly shaking fingers. Jasper wasn't here because...he was over at Angelo's house. The darn cat was prowling around, looking for something that only he could see that was hiding over at Angelo's place.

She remembered that first night, finding her giant cat sitting on Angelo's lap in front of the fireplace. "Not there," she begged the ceiling. "Please don't let Jasper be next door!" The man had been in her mind too much tonight. No matter how much she tried to ignore him, his presence kept popping right back in.

She walked out onto her deck, whistling in an effort to call Jasper home. But there was only silence in response. Not even a rustle indicating that the giant, furry cat was in the bushes fruitlessly trying to catch one of the lightning bugs that were fluttering about.

"I'm not going over there," she told herself, pacing back and forth on her small deck. "I'm not going to do it." She took a long swig of wine and resumed her pacing. "Jasper can just spend the night there. I don't care!"

She prowled the deck, her eyes glancing through the night in the desperate hope that Jasper would come bouncing through the woods, his tail twitching and his ears moving back and forth in irritation that he hadn't caught whatever he was hunting for.

Nothing! Just stillness interspersed sporadically with a flash of a lightning bug.

With a growl of frustration, she set her wine glass down on her deck table with a clink and walked through the pathway. It was dark but she still didn't have trouble getting through the bushes since she'd walked the path so many times. "I'll just go over to the edge and call him again but I'm definitely not going into the house."

No one commented on her pronouncement but it still irked her that she had to go find her silly cat. She reached the edge of her property and stared at the enormous, silent house. There were very few lights on, probably because Angelo was in his office working. Or maybe he was in his bedroom reading, getting ready for bed just like she should be doing.

"Jasper can just rot, for all I care!" she said and traipsed back and forth at the edge of the tree line. "If he doesn't want to eat, I'm not going to get him."

She moved a bit closer to the edge of the patio, peering through the new bushes into the darkness. "Jasper!" she whispered harshly. "If you're out here, come home now!"

Silence. Again!

"I'm not going in there!" she said, pacing some more. She stepped up onto the now smooth stones of the patio. Thankfully, the chipped and broken concrete had already been replaced by field stone that looked much more elegant. So there wasn't anything for her to trip on in the darkness. "I'm not going in. I'm not going to do it! That cat is just trying to play match maker and I'm simply not going to fall for his ridiculous tricks!"

She heard Rufus behind her. His heavy, clumsy feet could be heard crashing through the underbrush as if there was some sort of stampede to the barbeque. Wasn't he supposed to be a hound dog? And hound dogs were hunting dogs! Rufus definitely didn't fit the character traits of a hound dog but what could one expect? He was just a sweet, gentle giant of a goofball.

With a sigh, she stepped closer to the house. And there he was. Just like the last time, Angelo was sitting out on his new patio, a bottle of wine at his elbow but this time there were already two glasses next to the bottle. And it didn't appear to her that he'd poured any of the wine yet.

"Are you going to join me?" Angelo's deep voice came through the darkness, sending those now familiar shivers down her body.

"I'm still trying to decide."

Angelo laughed and stood up, lifting the cat to his shoulder before he walked to where she was standing. "If I promise to behave, will you join me for wine?"

She bit her lip, wanting to just sit with him and enjoy his company. But she knew it was too dangerous. Hearing that he was an orphan had made the man more human. She definitely couldn't offer him comfort and sympathy, but she was shockingly more attracted to him than she had been before their earlier conversation.

"What do you consider 'behaving'?" she asked.

Angelo chuckled softly, the feeling smoothing over her skin like warm chocolate. "How about if I promise not to touch you until I walk you home?"

She bit her lip. "I'll walk myself home," she countered.

Another smile, but he nodded. "Deal."

She took a deep breath and stepped closer to the table. "What did you eat for dinner?" she asked.

"I had a business meeting with one of my new managers," he explained as he poured both of them a glass of wine.

Jade was very conscious of the fact that she'd already had one glass of wine tonight so she sipped this one carefully. But it was very nice to just sit with him, conversing about his newly acquired companies, her hobbies, each other's preferences in books and movies...it was a wonderful, sweet evening and she laughed more with him that night than she had in a long time with Dave. She even learned about his two best friends, Dominic and Zayn, who were coming down for a visit to see his new house as soon as it was finished.

They just sat and talked until it was almost midnight. And when he walked her home, he completely disregarded their agreement and took her into his arms, kissing her gently but thoroughly until she was shaking with desire and clinging to him.

"I have to go out of town again on business," he said when he lifted his head, still holding her close.

Jade couldn't believe how sad she was at the idea. Swallowing painfully, she let her hand move over his chest and asked, "How long will you be gone?"

"Less than a week if I can make things happen quickly. Any chance you could come with me?" he suggested.

Jade ignored the thrill of excitement that shot through her body at his offer but she shook her head. "I don't think so," she replied. "But thank you for the offer."

"Will you have dinner with me when I get back?" he asked.

Her smile widened and she nodded her head. "Yes. I can definitely have dinner with you." Dinner was easy. Traveling with the man was completely out of the question. A proper southern woman simply didn't travel with men who were not relatives no matter how thrilling the idea sounded or how handsome the man. It simply wasn't done.

"Good," he replied and touched her cheek gently. "I'll be in touch."

With that, he was gone, disappearing through the trees one more time. She watched that spot where he'd disappeared until Jasper became impatient and meowed loudly. She jumped as his cat-voice broke through the quiet of the night. "Don't even go there, kitty," she admonished the feline.

Ignoring his twitching tail, but tripping over his large body as she made her way through the kitchen and into her bedroom, she got ready for bed, unaware that she had a silly grin on her face until she came out of the bathroom and caught Jasper sitting primly in the middle of the bed. Did the obnoxious cat actually have a smile under all that fur and whiskers?

"Don't even try and pretend to be proud of yourself for luring me over there, Jasper," she admonished. "You were naughty and you know it." She pulled the summer quilt back and slipped under the covers. "He's just a very nice man and I got to know my neighbor a bit better. Don't act like you've achieved world peace," she said to the still-preening cat.

When Jasper continued to gloat, she turned off the light with disgust. "You're a horrible animal," she said, but reached over and scratched his ears as he curled up next to her. Rufus also jumped up on the bed, finding his own space with his cold, wet nose nuzzling her other hand. Jade smiled into the night, wondering what Angelo would do about these two animals if he were here.

Chapter 7

Jade slipped through the aisles of the drugstore, picking up the items she needed as quickly as possible. She only needed a few items and was trying to hurry through the errand before anyone else saw her. She knew she looked a mess, but she was pulling herself together. It would just take a bit more time, at least for her skin to recover from her chocolate binge over the past three days.

It was all HIS fault, she thought as she dropped a new type of facial cleanser into her basket. If he had been here, she wouldn't be depressed by his absence and she wouldn't be eating all the chocolate her friends and neighbors had brought over.

She'd never been depressed when Dave had gone out of town. Why was she so irritable now with Angelo gone?

She'd had fruit and milk for breakfast this morning and she was starting to feel alive and normal. Her next issue was to simply avoid Angelo except when there was a business issue. She didn't like herself when he was here and she definitely didn't like him when he was gone. So therefore, she'd concluded, he was not good for her temperament. Avoiding him was the best plan of action.

She could do that, she told herself, trying to pick herself up from the doldrums. Today's depression had nothing to do with the fact that she wasn't going to see him. It was simply because she wasn't eating properly and so she wasn't getting good nutrients.

She glanced at her watch and realized she needed to speed up even more. There were several samples for his house coming in today and she wanted to be able to show them to Angelo once he came back. His assistant had phoned yesterday to say that he was behind schedule so she'd had an extra day to mope about. If he liked one of the samples, she'd need to hurry and order them because the one she thought would be perfect for the library flooring was going out of stock. She had no idea why, she thought as she grabbed her favorite shampoo, the ceramic floor tile was really interesting and different. She really hoped that Angelo would like it. Her second favorite was way down the list of desired items but she suspected that he would choose that one instead. It would work, she thought. But more importantly, she had to get that man's preferences off of her mind. After the party last week and having ice cream with him earlier this week, she had to separate herself from the man. People were starting to talk.

She hated being the subject of rumors, but that was part of living in a small town. Everyone knew everyone else, at least by name or reputation if not by face.

It wasn't going to matter, she told herself. Angelo was just a client. He meant nothing to her other than as a very good client that she wanted to impress. At least that's what she was trying to think. Her mind wasn't cooperating very well with her intentions. She had to stop thinking about him like this. She had to stop dreaming about him. And she definitely had to stop wondering when he was going to return to his home.

She pushed the memory of their kiss out of her mind. She would not think about him in that way. Just a client.

She didn't realize that she was staring at the eye shadow display, her mind completely focused on reliving the point when he'd taken her into his arms, the way his strong arms had wrapped around her, making her feel safe and secure, but terrified all the same. And then when his lips touched hers....she took a deep breath and shook her head. "Stop it!" she told herself firmly.

"Dreaming of me?" a deep voice said from right behind her.

Jade spun around, her basket almost emasculating the tall, audacious man. It was only his swift reflexes that grabbed her basket before she could do any real damage.

"I'm so sorry!" she gasped when she realized what she'd just done. "Oh my goodness!" she said, her hands reaching out to.... "What am I doing?" she cried out and pulled her hands away, looking up into Angelo's black, amused eyes. "Stop laughing at me!" she growled and spun back around.

Good grief, just one look at Angelo and her heart was soaring! She had to stop this! He wasn't the man for her, he wasn't good for her. Everything about him was the complete opposite of what she wanted in a man, what she'd hoped for in a mate.

The man didn't even want to get married!

He chuckled despite her admonishment and followed her. "Sorry. I thought it was very kind of you to offer to help me after almost knocking me out."

She glared up at him. "You wouldn't have been knocked out."

"How do you know? Have you ever experienced that kind of pain?"

Jade pulled her eyes away and shook her head. "No. I don't have..." she searched her mind for a polite term but could feel her cheeks warming up under his still-laughing eyes. "Oh! You know exactly what I'm talking about. But you don't have to go through childbirth so let's just move on, okay?"

Angelo was stunned for a moment, his eyes moving down her exquisite figure. "Are you telling me that you're going to let me try and get you pregnant so we can share similar pain experiences?" Angelo was shocked at how much he liked the idea of Jade being pregnant with his baby. It was so amazing that he actually stopped for a moment, picturing her slender body swelling as the babe grew inside of her. "Might be nice."

"Absolutely not!" she gasped. "Why would you...?" she thought back to the original subject and sighed. "I think this topic has gotten severely out of hand."

"Happens a lot between the two of us." His eyes glanced down into her basket. "Do you really wear neon orange and yellow eye shadow?" he asked. "Very modern."

Jade's eyes turned confused but she followed his gaze and groaned when she saw that she'd put both of those colors of eye shadow into her basket. Taking them out, she slapped them onto the shelf in front of her. "Of course not. This conversation has just made me..."

"I like it," he returned as she struggled to put an adjective on her state of mind.

She rolled her eyes and moved farther down the aisle. She stuffed chap stick, doggy treats and catnip into her basket, trying very hard to ignore the man she'd just been thinking about. How could he show up when she was vulnerable like this? Did he have some sort of psychic powers and knew exactly when he was on her mind?

"What are you doing here anyway?" she asked. "Doesn't your housekeeper do all of this kind of shopping for you?" she asked and randomly selected a dog and cat toy. They were cheap items, but maybe if she got something to entertain Jasper, he wouldn't wander into Angelo's house so often.

"That's not going to help."

Jade looked up at him, then back down at her basket. "What won't help?" she asked.

"The toys and the catnip."

She sighed and turned to face him fully. "Okay, so would you mind telling me why my animals are suddenly so enamored of your house lately?" she asked, trying to dig deeper to find some patience.

He smiled, looking very mysterious and sexy. "Haven't you heard that you should trust an animal's instincts? They like me. You should too."

She shook her head, refusing to laugh at his logic. "I just got out of a relationship."

"One you never should have gotten into in the first place. First of all, he wasn't good enough for you. And secondly, you didn't love him."

Her mouth dropped open at his declaration. "Of course I loved him!" she countered. "I can't believe you would say something like that."

Angelo was already shaking his head. "If you loved him..."

"I did!" she argued.

He hesitated. "Did you cry over his betrayal?" he asked softly.

"I cried!" she declared.

His eyebrow went upwards with that obvious lie.

Jade shifted uncomfortably in front of him. "Well, I was angry. I'll get around to crying about our breakup soon."

Angelo's only response was to raise an eyebrow.

Jade's mouth firmed up. "I refuse to argue with you about something so personal."

"We're personal," he claimed.

"A few kisses doesn't make us personal," she countered.

He bent down low, his voice deep and husky while his lips enticingly brushed against the shell of her ear before he said, "We'll be intimate very soon."

Jade couldn't respond. Her mind was too wrapped up in the image of becoming intimate with this man. Her pulse increased and her breathing was ragged. He moved a step closer, his hand coming up to touch her cheek. "You know it's going to happen, don't you?" he asked but it was more of a statement.

"I don't know anything of the sort," she said, but the sentence didn't have any heat behind it. She wished she could just tell him to go to hell, but she was too afraid of him, and too entranced by his touch, the smell of him so close to her.

Suddenly, her mind betrayed her and she started wondering what it would be like to kiss him, to taste him once again. And more! She wanted to feel him, to run her hands along his chest, to explore...

"I have to go," she said, taking in a deep breath as she turned away from him.

Jade was relieved that he didn't stop her, that she could walk away from him and go about her business. The man was just too overwhelming to deal with easily. She was already up to the cashier when she remembered the samples that she needed him to make a decision on. "Angelo..." she started to say, turning her body slightly while Bob, the store owner, rang up her purchases.

"I'm here." And he dumped several items down on the counter beside her.

Half of her brain was astonished that he'd been able to pick up all of these items so quickly. He definitely hadn't been standing there with a basket when they were talking to each other, had he? She wasn't exactly sure because she'd been so distracted by the conversation, not to mention his enormous presence. Then the other half of her brain was quickly taking an inventory of the items he'd tossed onto the counter. There were the innocuous items such as deodorant and shampoo, both of which she knew weren't his brands since she'd been in his bathroom since she'd just finished renovating the space. But her eyes widened on the multiple brands of condoms. She counted five different kinds, all with the extra-large size.

"What...?"

"Don't worry. We'll definitely be prepared now for any eventuality."

Jade's mind was quickly zeroing in on the problem but it was slow since it was taking so long to process the fact that Angelo had put birth control onto the counter. Birth control? Birth control!

And he handed the cashier his own credit card, not even allowing her to pay for her own items.

Jade watched as Bob's face broke into his own blush, then she glanced behind at the other patrons waiting to check out. Mr. Levinsworth was right behind her, winking hugely at her with an approving grin on his face. There was also Ms. Johnson who lived next door to Dave and Jade couldn't believe it when the woman started shaking her head in disapproval.

"I'm not..." she started to say, but by that point, Angelo had already paid for everything, it was all in a bag and he took it, placing a hand on the small of her back as he nudged her outside. "We are," he stated firmly for whoever wanted to hear.

When they were once again out in the sunshine, she pulled her arm away from his light grip and turned to face him, unconcerned about the others on the street as they walked around them. She actually wanted them to hear her!

"You did that on purpose!" she accused, glaring at him.

He shrugged and looked down into her furious eyes. "I won't deny it," he said gruffly. "I don't want anyone to think that you're still pining for that ass."

"His name is Dave and he's a very nice person."

Angelo shook his head. "Jade, you're so used to defending the man, you don't even remember that he cheated on you at the party last week. In the woods," he emphasized.

She started to argue with him again, but the realization of what she was saying struck her. She pointed her finger, inhaled as if she were going to say something else, then stopped, inhaled again with another thought, then stopped again. In the end, her shoulders slumped because there really was nothing she could say. She couldn't defend Dave any longer. It was ridiculous to do so. He'd betrayed not only her, but also the other women that he'd been seeing behind her back, lying to them all. The more she heard, the more the women were coming out of the woodwork claiming that he'd treated them the say way. All the way back to their high school days, Dave had used women like tissues, using them carelessly and then throwing them away without any concern. She refused to use the same water bottle analogy on Dave as she'd used on Angelo. They were too different in all aspects.

"I have to go," she said and turned away, forcing her feet to move one in front of the other. "Why are you even here?"

"I'm only in town for an hour or so." He stopped her by grabbing her arm and pulling her flush against him. "I have to travel to San Francisco over the next week. Will you miss me?" he asked softly, his hands moving over her back, feeling her tremble. He even liked the way her hands moved up his arms unconsciously.

"I won't," she told him, unaware that her body was pressing closer to him.

He smiled slightly and shook his head. "Maybe I'll stay away longer then," he challenged.

Jade bit her lower lip, trying not to show how sad the idea of his departure made her feel. "I probably won't even notice," she came back.

Angelo laughed, wondering why she continued to deny what they felt for each other. "Then maybe I'll have to give you a reminder of what we will have together when I get back."

Jade knew exactly what he was about to do and she thought about pushing away from him. She thought about telling him no. And the whole time she was trying to figure out the best way to reject his kiss, she was lifting her head up in trembling anticipation, desperate for that spark of instant fire that always made her knees weak.

By the time he lifted his head and stepped back, she was ready to demand that he come back and finish what he'd just started. Only self-preservation and a deeply held belief that it would be wrong kept her from begging him to keep going.

She watched with genuine sadness as he drove away, watching his car for as long as possible before she sighed and pulled her eyes back to the present. Looking around, she noticed several people coming out of the drugstore with curious expressions on their faces and she was shocked to realize that she had actually kissed Angelo right here where anyone, and probably everyone, could see them.

Goodness the gossips were going to have a field day with this one!

Had Angelo done that on purpose? Probably, she thought with a secret smile. Did she care? Not really. Not anymore. She wanted to understand him better, but she couldn't help but feel more for him than she wanted to. The man was a powerful force!

She started walking home and, because of her latest chocolate binge and inadequate nutrition, she didn't have the energy right now to worry about Angelo or his extended departure. It made her too sad so she shifted her mind to something different. Something that made her feel strong and powerful. For the first time, she let herself really think about Dave and what he'd done.

No, she wasn't hurt. She was angry more than any other emotion. What did his actions say about her? What did it say about all the years she'd been with him while they'd dated? Had he been with other women all the time? What did that say about who she was as a person? As a woman?

She didn't like the conclusions she was coming to. Was she the kind of woman that let a man be so....heartless? Was she the "good girl" that he was going to marry all the while cheating on her? Was she destined to be the kind of woman to whom men would be unfaithful?

She didn't want to be that woman. But she couldn't be anything other than who she was. How did she break herself out of this issue?

Could she even trust herself to date again?

Her mind instantly conjured up the image of Angelo but she pushed it aside. Angelo wasn't the long-term kind of guy. He wasn't the marrying kind and she was.

So what was she to do? She'd never even considered an intimate, physical intimacy with Dave. He'd tried several times, but she'd ignored his pleading, finding it more of a turnoff than anything else.

She went through the motions for the rest of the day, but the whole time, her mind was reeling with her revelations about herself as a woman.

Chapter 8

"You're back early!" Jade gasped when she spotted Angelo stepping out of that sexy, powerful car. He was supposed to be gone for another two days. Why was he here now?

Angelo watched as her eyes lit up the closer he came. She could deny it all she wanted, but her attraction to him was always there in her eyes. And in the way her body moved, shifting closer to him, always turning towards him. "Didn't my assistant tell you that I was coming in today?" he asked, stopping when he was less than an inch from her.

Jade was completely flustered. She'd been busy all week, pushing to get more things finished by the time he came back. The workers had done a fabulous job and they were well ahead of schedule, but she'd meant to rush home and clean up before he arrived, maybe put on a pretty dress and do her hair.

But here he was, looking fabulous in a gorgeous business suit and sexy tie while she wore khaki pants and a plain, white shirt. Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail and she barely had any makeup on.

"Yes. Denise is very helpful," she said, referring to Angelo's extremely efficient administrative assistant. "I was just hoping..." she floundered, not wanting to sound silly. "I just wanted to look more presentable."

Angelo was touched, but looking at her with her fresh, clean and beautiful face staring up at him with those pretty, anxious eyes and all he wanted to do was kiss her until she was clinging to him once again. Damn, he wanted this woman painfully.

"I think you look stunning," he came back, his hands in his pockets to keep himself from grabbing her and kissing her senseless. He wasn't sure if he would be able to stop if he started. He had planned to wine and dine her tonight, show her that he wasn't such a horrible man. He probably had to prove it to himself a bit, he thought, knowing that Jade was everything he wanted in a woman, and everything he wasn't. She was fresh and alive, innocent and sweet, funny and vivacious.

With his past, he should keep away from her, not sully her with his touch, but no matter how hard he tried, every part of him wanted her. He was cutting his business meetings short, delegating responsibilities to others, ignoring other issues just so he could be here with her, to bask in her smiles and her laughter.

Jade smiled wanly at him, looking behind her at the clutter that was better than it used to be, but still not the scene she'd wanted him to see on his return. She so desperately wanted to impress him but he'd arrived earlier than she'd anticipated. "I wanted things to be perfect for you when you came back. We're so close to being finished, more than a month ahead of schedule too."

"I think you're incredible," he said sincerely.

Jade blushed and wished she could be more sophisticated around this man. "I should go clean up," she said, hoping they were still having dinner together tonight."

"You look beautiful. Will you show me what you've done?" he asked gently, loosening his tie and tossing it onto the sofa she'd placed right in front of the enormous fireplace.

Angelo watched the soft blush darken and, impossibly, his body hardened even more. He'd never experienced sexual need like he had over the last few weeks. Jade had gotten under his skin and he knew that he had to have her. She was like a drug that he'd quickly become addicted to. He even enjoyed her company, a definite first in his mind. Besides Sydney and Ella, the wives of his best friends, he'd never really had any inclination to get to know a female besides what she wanted in bed. But with Jade, he wanted to know everything, all her secrets and all of her hopes and dreams. Not to mention all the things she liked in bed, how to make her scream out with desire and he wanted to know what she looked like when she splintered apart in his arms.

"Yes." She straightened her shoulders and took a quick step backwards, careful this time about the construction materials that were still littering the floor in various places although not nearly as bad as the last time she'd taken him around.

"Of course," she said with more confidence. "Let's start this way." Jade led him through the long, dark hallway that would one day be filled with light but right now, looked similar to a walk to the gallows. She turned left and entered through one of three archways that had been re-plastered by extremely talented craftsmen. "The kitchen is almost finished, and I think it looks incredible!" she said with a huge smile. New everything had been installed in the last week including cabinets that rose all the way to the ceiling in some places, a stainless steel refrigerator, gourmet gas stove with elaborate hood, double ovens, microwave, deep freezer and gleaming, black granite countertops. She'd even gotten the electrician to hurry with the lighting and there were several recessed lights and pendulum lights as well as under-counter lights in various places.

She went on to lead him through the dining room where glossy hardwood floors had been installed that matched the previous floors although with better quality wood. An enormous dining room table large enough to seat fourteen had been placed right in the center and, just this morning, she'd had someone install the silk curtains that were a perfect counterbalance to the brocade chairs.

The library hadn't yet been touched and there were several other rooms which she needed to start, but Angelo had asked her to hold off on those areas, focusing more on the public and more useful rooms like the great room and kitchen. So more than half of the bottom floor was still to be worked, but the wine cellar had been installed and Jade teased him about the enormous number of bottles a man had delivered and stored away yesterday.

The stairs had also been fixed with all the warped boards cleared out and new ones installed then re-stained to match the warm, earthy color that had previously been in the house. "As you asked, I've ordered the colorful tiles to go against the rise of each stair. It's going to be incredible!" she enthused.

As they walked through the rest of the enormous house, Jade explained what was going on with each room. There were so many workers around but she had everyone's name memorized and gave each of them credit for their work along with a bright smile as she explained their contributions to Angelo.

"Where did you find so many people to do this?" he asked, duly impressed by her efforts and amazed at how much she'd accomplished in such a short period of time. He'd told her to get things done and had given her a nearly impossible deadline. And damn if the woman wasn't actually going to beat that goal!

Jade's whole body warmed to his unspoken praise. She knew things were going well, but having him look at her with admiration was worth every stressful moment over the past two weeks. "I know people who know other people..." she shrugged as if that explained everything.

Angelo looked down at her, seeing the glow of happiness and accomplishment on her beautiful face. It only made her more beautiful. "And the rest of the house?" he prompted, knowing that this hallway led to the master bedroom. And he wanted her in there very badly.

Jade's confidence stumbled. She'd spent so much time in that room, working with all the craftsmen and repair people, worrying about every detail and trying hard to make sure that the room was finished as soon as possible. She hadn't known exactly when he was coming back to town despite talking to his assistant relatively often, but she'd wanted this room to be perfect. The other bedrooms were easy to do because she'd simply repaired the floors and any weather damage, then painted and ordered furniture. But the master bedroom had become much more personal.

Perhaps too personal, she thought with trepidation. She was nervous about showing him that room and not sure if it was because she didn't want to be alone in that room with him, or if she wanted him to love it as much as she did. She'd decorated it with crisp whites and seaside blues, avoiding the darker browns and tans that other decorators used for only male rooms. Angelo wasn't normal, she'd thought as she'd selected the furniture and linens for this bedroom. Angelo required something lighter, more alive and elegant.

"It's this way," she said and led him down the hallway with more than a touch of nervousness. This hallway wasn't as dark as the areas downstairs because she had the doors to the other bedrooms open which let in the late afternoon sunshine. At the end of the hallway, she swung open the ornate double door and waited for him to walk in for his inspection.

She looked down at the floor, that tension coming right back in full force. "Aren't you going to show me around?" Angelo asked softly, waiting for her to look up at him.

Jade shook her head. "I can wait out here," she replied softly, painfully aware that this was the place where he would sleep, where he would....yes, where he would take a woman and make love to her. As she'd decorated this room, she'd pictured herself in that massive bed on so many occasions, wondering what it would be like to lay in his arms and feel those long fingers caress her. He would take off those gorgeous business suits, stripping off all of those refined masks that hid the hard, demanding man underneath and she would shiver with excitement....

"Come with me," he said and put a hand to the small of her back, gently pressing her into the room.

Jade didn't want to go inside. Her blushing cheeks probably revealed exactly what she'd thought about each time she'd inspected this room and she wanted to stay just outside the door. Being in this room with the enormous, four-poster bed she'd discovered that had matched the style perfectly, just sent her senses swimming with anticipation.

They were far enough away from the noise now, with the hammering and mechanical noises only a dim echo.

Although Jade had excitedly explained the progress in the other rooms, Angelo looked down at the silent woman beside him as he stepped into the master bedroom. He looked around, instantly appreciating the decor. She hadn't gone with the heavy, masculine colors his other designers seemed to think he preferred. Instead, the large, four poster bed was placed near the heavy balcony doors that were currently opened to let the ocean breezes come through. The walls were a cream color that was both warm and yet still contrasted with the dark, chocolate color of the trim and the wood of the bed. With touches of light blue in places, the room felt clean and fresh but not overly heavy.

"This is really nice," he said out loud, turning to face her. He was just in time to catch her face flush with color.

He knew he should talk to her, give her space and let her know what he wanted from her. But she was just so beautiful and he'd thought of her almost constantly over the past week. She'd distracted him in meetings when he should have been focusing and he wanted her.

What's more, he could tell from her nervous expression and the pretty pink in her cheeks that she felt the same way.

Besides, she was here in his bedroom where he'd pictured her so many times. She was too much of a temptation to resist. So he didn't.

He was more of an action man than a talking one anyway.

Angelo walked closer, his eyes telling her exactly what he was going to do, giving her ample time to run away or tell him no. But she stood there, her lips softened, her eyes widened and her body turned towards him. There was no way he could turn down that invitation. When he reached for her, he heard the ever-present clipboard hit the smooth, wooden floor but he ignored the sound and pulled her into his arms, kissing her gently until her trembling lips responded. It didn't take long, but when he felt her lips move under his, he deepened the kiss, bringing her closer to him, lifting her into his arms.

Jade couldn't believe how incredible this man felt. When he kissed her this way, she wanted to just climb up his body and revel in the strength he kept carefully controlled, willing him to release all that power and just devour her. When she kissed him back, showing him what she wanted, she just about yelled out with excitement when he gave it to her. His strong arms circled her waist, lifting her up against him and she thought she just might swoon from the excitement of being in his arms.

She'd never felt this kind of passion before, always thinking she preferred the reserved kisses of Dave. But as Angelo kissed her, his hands clenching and unclenching on her waist, she knew that this was where she was meant to be. This man, his strong, heavily muscular body and all of his incredible heat, was hers. At least for the moment and she was determined to take advantage of all of that.

When she felt the mattress at her back, she was afraid he would move away so she wrapped her legs around his waist, her fingers quickly working the buttons on his shirt, pushing the material away impatiently. "Please don't stop," she begged, her fingers slipping underneath the material to finally discover what lay beneath. What she found was not disappointing. All that raw power she'd known was hiding from her was now rippling underneath her fingers and she delighted in exploring every inch of him.

When her tee-shirt flew off over her head, she didn't even question the movement, intent to get her hands back on his skin, exploring his chest muscles and lower. She loved the way he inhaled sharply when her fingers moved over his abdomen, amazed at the ridges of muscles. When her fingers encountered his belt, she almost growled with her frustration. She fumbled for a moment before Angelo stood up and removed his belt, pants and boxers for her. She didn't have a chance to become nervous by his size because his hands quickly moved to her own pants, unzipping them and pulling the khaki material down her legs before tossing her slacks behind him.

The heat in his eyes as he looked down at her was almost primal. Possessive. He didn't say a word, but she trembled with need and reached out to touch him, needing his hands on her skin or she just might explode from her need.

And all of that was before his mouth covered her breast. She gasped, holding his head as her back arched upwards. Her head moved back and forth, denying the incredible heat that was slowly burning her up. "Angelo!" she cried out. He didn't respond, only moving to the other breast and giving it equal attention.

"I'm sorry, Jade," he growled. "I can't hold back."

With those words, she felt the probing lower against her heat and lifted her hips, instinctively trying to ease the ache inside of her. "Don't hold back!" she cried out, her hands moving from his shoulders to his hips, trying to urge him closer. "Don't stop! Don't slow down!"

Angelo tried to ignore her pleading, suspecting that this was Jade's first time. He moved into her slowly, but the intense, previously unimaginable pleasure he felt as her heat slowly closed around him was too hot, too good. He pressed deeper, his mind trying to slow down but his body pushing forward, desperate to be completely impaled by her tight heat.

When she lifted her hips again, that pushed him all the way in. He saw her face flinch only slightly before her eyes widened and she smiled up at him. He almost laughed when he saw her amazement, but he couldn't stop. When he shifted his hips slightly, her eyes changed from amazement to excitement. And then her eyes closed and her hips moved again, encouraging him to move.

Over and over again, he pressed into her, feeling the friction, amazed at how perfectly she fit him in all ways. When he felt her coming close, he didn't want her eyes closed. "Jade, look at me," he growled through his gritted teeth, in pain to finish and feel the climax that was beating him. "Open your eyes!" he growled even louder.

Jade opened her eyes, biting her lip in an effort to not scream. "Please," she gasped, her body arching, desperate to find something that had so far eluded her but was now so close! So painfully close. "Please Angelo!" she yelled out, gripping his shoulders with all of her strength.

"Look at me, baby," he commanded and moved again, encouraging her in the only way he could. And when her eyes focused on his, he shifted once more, taking her over the edge and she screamed his name. Over and over again, he pounded into her until he too found his release. But her name was a more reverent whisper. And he held her close as the waves pulsated around the two of them.

When he could finally breathe again, he moved to the side, not wanting to crush her, but needing to continue holding her close.

Jade opened her eyes slowly, her body gradually coming back to reality. "Wow," she whispered, thinking that she'd only said that in her head. But when she heard the deep, sexy chuckle next to her ear, then felt Angelo's lips against her shoulder, she realized with a start that she'd actually said that out loud.

"I agree," he said and shifted his weight so he was next to her, pulling her against him.

Suddenly, a giant fur ball jumped up onto the bed. Jade turned her head to the side, startled. "What....?" She pulled back, inadvertently pressing herself against Angelo. "Jasper!" Jade sighed when she realized that her monstrous cat had invaded the room and jumped up on the bed.

And then it hit her. "Jasper!" she cried out and sat up, pulling out of Angelo's arms. "No! What have I done?"

She looked around, pulling the cat towards her as if his fluffy fur could hide her nakedness from Angelo. Well, in reality, it could since Jasper was so huge and had so much hair. "I have to go," she almost cried out. She couldn't believe that she was actually in Angelo's bed. And they'd really made love!

And boy! It had been so much more than she ever could have imagined. Even now as the horror of what she'd done washed over her, she could still feel the amazing delight in her body from his touch.

"What are you talking about?" Angelo demanded, sitting up and reaching for her. But she evaded his hands and slipped off of the bed. Jasper really wasn't in the mood to be her robe for the moment, but Jade held the cat despite his loud meows.

"I shouldn't be here!" She looked around, desperate for her clothes. "I mean, of course I should be here, in your house. I'm fixing everything for you I know, but not here, in your bed."

Angelo stood up as well, coming around to the other side of the bed to confront her. "Jade, we didn't do anything wrong." He was trying to be soothing, but he was getting angry that she was going to rush out of here after what they'd just shared together.

"No!" she gasped, shaking her head back and forth. "We didn't do anything."

Angelo's black eyebrow went up with that claim and his arms crossed over his massive chest. "Are you sure? Because I'm pretty positive I remember what we just did. It wasn't my imagination."

Jasper was disgusted with the conversation and jumped down, refusing to play screen for her any longer. Jade watched with horror as her fluffy cat pranced away, standing in the corner and staring back at her as if daring her to try and catch him again.

She looked back at Angelo, her mind registering that he was still completely naked. And completely gorgeous! Her eyes drifted over his amazing figure but she realized after only a moment what she was doing and tore her eyes away. "No, this is so wrong!" she gasped.

She turned away, grabbing one of the pillows off of the floor that had previously been placed neatly in the middle of the bed. "I don't do this kind of thing," she almost sobbed.

"Obviously," Angelo stated, starting to understand that she wasn't just being coy. She was genuinely upset. That seemed to soothe his temper slightly, but he wasn't going to let her leave. Besides, she looked ridiculous holding that pillow up against her breasts and hips.

"Jade, what we did was perfectly normal between two consenting adults. And we've been dancing around the issue for weeks. We both wanted each other. There was nothing wrong with enjoying each other's bodies."

"I didn't!" she cried back, shaking her head violently. "I didn't just do this!" She looked around and blushed at the mess of the bed. "Okay, yes, I did. But I can't do it again. Which is exactly where I know your mind is going."

"Damn right," he practically growled and started moving closer to her. He didn't want her on one side of the bed while he was on the other side. He captured her gaze, not letting her look away while he said, "We're going to do it over and over again until you don't feel so self-conscious about being naked around me any longer," he stated firmly. "And then we're going to make love even more until I know all of your secrets." He was practically a foot away from her now. "And then we're going to do it even more until we have secrets that only you and I have with each other."

"We can't," she whispered, unaware of the tear falling down her cheek. "I can't. This isn't me. This isn't who I am!"

Angelo realized what she was saying. It was possible that only those words could have stopped him from taking her into his arms.

"We're not married," he stated, finally understanding.

"You don't love me!" she countered, unable to say with any conviction that she didn't love him. It suddenly occurred to her that she truly did love him. With all her heart. And it hurt even more knowing that he didn't love her. "And yes, when two people are in love, they get married." He probably cared for her, but that was a significantly different emotion than love. And she realized that she wanted it all. She wanted this man's love very desperately.

"Then let's get married," he said, shocking even himself by that suggestion.

She looked back at him, completely confused since just last week he'd told her that he would make a horrible husband. "You don't do marriage. You just told me that at the ice cream shop." Oh, if only he were sincere! She would jump at the chance to be married to this astounding man! But no, she couldn't marry a man who didn't believe in marriage, much less even love her in return.

Angelo was perfectly aware of his stance on marriage. But now that he'd said it, the idea made perfect sense to him. "I'm changing my mind."

Jade reared back, shaking her head. "We can't get married simply so we have permission to have sex!" she came back, stunned that he would even suggest something like that.

He laughed softly, shaking his own head. "I hate to break it to you, Jade, but I don't need a marriage certificate to have sex. That's your hang-up."

She quickly walked around him, holding the pillows in front of her like a shield. She had to get to her clothes. "That's ridiculous. People don't have sex simply because they like it."

Angelo leaned against one of the posts of the bed, his massive arms crossed over his chest as he watched her with both amusement and fascination. "Jade, I don't believe that you're really that naive. Of course people have sex because they like it. We just did. Are you going to say that you didn't like it? Because I'll have to prove you wrong if you try to say that."

Jade reached down for her clothes, blushing as she tried to figure out how to get dressed without lowering the pillow. In the end, she realized that it was impossible. She wished she could make it to the bathroom to dress, but she only had enough pillows to cover the front of her. And she couldn't make it all the way there while still holding her clothes as well as the pillows without looking more ridiculous than she already appeared. So in the end, she dropped the pillows but dressed as quickly as possible.

"Your people might just have sex whenever they want to. But my people don't do things like that."

That eyebrow went up once again. "Exactly who do you consider 'your people'?" he asked, thinking she looked like the sexiest woman alive as she bent down and pulled her lace underwear up her long, slender legs. The back of that lace barely covered her adorable bottom and he thought she looked perfect just like that. Unfortunately, the matching lace bra was pulled on quickly, covering up her lovely breasts with the tight, pink nipples that he'd discovered were more than a handful. And tasted delicious. All of her did, actually.

"My people are those who understand the rules!" she retorted, slipping her khaki slacks up over her legs. "They wouldn't ever have kissed me like that," she stated, but thinking about that kiss, and the kiss Dave usually gave her, she was confused.

"You're not going back to Dave, are you?" Angelo growled, his casual pose obliterated at the idea of another man touching her like he'd just done.

"Of course I'm not still seeing Dave," she almost yelled back, refusing to be intimidated by Angelo's anger. "Not after what happened. But Dave understands the rules. He's kind and sweet and gentle. He respected my wishes to be married before having sex."

Angelo wasn't going to listen to that kind of trash. He stormed over to her, grabbing her arms and turning her towards him. "Dave is an ass, Jade. I believe the scene at the party the other night proved that beyond a shadow of a doubt. So don't talk to me about the righteousness of 'your people'. I can guarantee that Dave is not one of those good, righteous people you think are so fabulous about adhering to the rules. In fact, I think you're the only one who wants to hang onto those rules and you're obviously having trouble with those rules. Or are you going to tell me that this wasn't supposed to happen?"

Jade yanked her arms, trying to get his hands off of her but he held on, not hurting her, but refusing to let her go. "You can't say that! Dave is a good man! Unlike me who has just had sex with a man who doesn't love her!" She buried her face in her hands, ashamed of what had occurred this afternoon.

Angelo couldn't believe what he was hearing. "Jade, you didn't do anything wrong. But let's have some dinner. I'll take you out, we'll have some wine and relax."

She gasped and shook her head. "I can't go out to dinner with you!" She stepped back, grateful when he released her arms so she could slip her tee-shirt on over her head.

"You can. You're just saying that you won't." His face hardened with her words and he stepped back, putting several feet between them.

Jade looked at him backing away from her, something he'd never done and her eyes widened with the fear that she'd hurt his feelings. "Could you put some clothes on?" she asked, desperate to converse with him without that sexual tension in the air because she wanted him so badly, even now when she was telling him that being with him was impossible.

He saw the look in her eyes and told himself to stay away. But that look, the heat and the anger were fighting for dominance and he suspected he knew which would win out. "Why?" he asked softly, moving closer to her. "Does it bother you when I'm unclothed like this?" he asked.

She couldn't believe how fast he was. One moment, she was standing next to him with her eyes plastered to the floor, the next moment, his arm was around her waist and he was pulling her against him, her hands trying desperately hard not to touch his hot skin because she knew what would happen if she did. She'd be lost. Even now, her body was melting, wanting him so badly that it actually hurt her to deny them this pleasure.

"Please don't do this," she begged. "I'm confused enough as it is."

Angelo thought that holding her like this broke through all the confusion. But she'd asked and he was finding that it was damn hard to deny her anything. "I'll let you go. For now," he replied. "But we're not through, Jade." He let her feet touch the floor again, steadying her gently with his hands on her waist. "We need to finish talking about this."

She knew he was right, but she couldn't handle the conversation right now. She shook her head. "I have to go."

Angelo sighed heavily. "No you don't. You need to stay here and have dinner with me."

She took a deep breath to help her focus, her hand grabbing onto the bed. "We probably need to talk, but can I have just a little bit of time? I'm not sure what's going on and I've just violated a major part of who I thought I was. I just need some time to think this through."

"Talk to me. Let's work it out together."

She sniffed, wishing she could just burst out with her newfound knowledge that she was in love with him. But he didn't want to hear that from her. The man was tough and cynical, although also very sweet and gentle and extremely kind.

"I don't even understand what's going on in my mind," she sobbed, "much less able to explain what's going on inside me to you."

Angelo sighed, feeling frustrated because she was so upset. He didn't like seeing her cry and wanted badly to make things better. "Jade, I'll let you go if you'll at least consider the possibility that we didn't do anything wrong here today."

She closed her eyes, wishing that he could understand why she felt that having sex without the emotional, much less the marriage bond, was the problem. Not the sex. She knew that people had sex with each other all the time. But that wasn't who she was. And she couldn't shift her definition of what's right and wrong so easily.

"I'll consider the possibility," she finally said, staring at her shoes.

With that, she hurried out of the bedroom, desperate to get back to her safe, comfy cottage. She needed to find Jasper and Rufus and curl up with them, feel their fur and know that her world hadn't changed completely.

Chapter 9

Three days later, Jade forced herself to leave her cottage. She'd been holed up inside, ignoring her phone, ignoring the knocking on the door and just hiding inside. She didn't eat much, but she cried a lot. She wished she could come to terms with the way she was feeling. And fortunately, she wasn't overly upset about having sex with Angelo. That had only been her initial reaction but after she'd delved into the situation when she'd finally calmed down, she realized that she was more upset with herself for having sex with a man she loved, but who didn't love her back.

She was so desperately in love with him and she wasn't sure how to cope. She knew with certainty that Angelo wouldn't ever love her back. She sort of grasped that he might not understand how to love another person. He'd lost his parents at such a young age, and coping with that, he might have learned to shut out feelings. When her father had died, she'd been devastated, but she'd still had her mother to rely upon, her shoulder to cry on and her mother was never stingy with hugs and reassurance.

But after another three days of living in her pajamas and eating chocolate cakes, cupcakes and tarts, she knew it was time to get out and figure out how to move on with her life. She needed to put everything into perspective.

Time to get back to her schedule, she told herself.

The idea of running into Angelo was a bit daunting, but in the end, she knew that she had to get back to life. This zombie person she'd become simply wasn't like her.

She and Angelo could be friends, she convinced herself as she showered and changed into a professional skirt and crisp, white blouse. She didn't feel like adding any jewelry, but put on a gold chain and simple gold hoops just to force herself back into her normal mode of dress. She didn't like being this depressed and colorless.

After taking a deep breath, she picked up her laptop and purse and headed out the door, determined to go about her normal schedule, even though that meant she would need to go to Angelo's house and inspect the work that had been done over the past three days. She glanced at her cell phone, noticed there were about twenty different message, all from Angelo.

Yikes. He was probably furious. Angelo didn't like it when someone ignored him. He was a man of action, someone who confronts issues head on. He wouldn't agree with her strategy of hiding her head in the sand.

Well, neither did she, she told herself as she pulled her front door closed behind her. But it also didn't stop her from looking to the right and left, just to make sure Angelo wasn't going to come out of nowhere. Not that he would. If he wanted to confront her, he would be standing right in front of her door, waiting in ambush.

She took another deep breath, bracing herself to face the day and anything that came of it. She forced her feet to walk all the way to the coffee shop several blocks over, even ignoring the heat and humidity that was creeping up despite the early hour of the morning.

Jade sat in the back of the coffee shop, her mind finally focused on something important and not on herself or the man that was slowly driving her insane. She couldn't believe how much time she'd been spending thinking about the man but no more, she vowed. Her fingers flew over the keyboard, her ideas pinging from one issue to the next. It was one of those days when her creativity was flowing better than she could have hoped and she loved it. She had several new ideas to show Angelo on the different possibilities for the room off of the kitchen and she was working the cost into the budget to see if they might change things.

When she'd finally gotten all of the data input into her spreadsheet, she sat back and smiled. If she did things correctly, the cost would actually be lower. It was just a matter of asking Angelo which way he wanted to move with that room, she thought with a great deal of satisfaction. She took a sip of her coffee, enjoying the rich, aromatic flavor of the brew instead of the more anemic stuff she'd been making for herself over the past few morning. Yes, she could get through this latest catastrophe in her life. She would put it all behind her. The renovations were ahead of schedule and under budget, not to mention his house was turning into a showpiece, although not one that would ever see it. She didn't think of Angelo as a great party thrower. She suspected that he preferred his privacy. She couldn't fault him for that since she felt the same way.

She was busy putting in a few additional numbers when Dave walked in and sat down across from her. Jade looked up, irritated that he would dare to interfere with her morning. He knew from long experience that her morning coffee was a ritual she preferred to enjoy by herself.

She looked at him curiously and a thought struck her. Perhaps she'd been so fanatical about her solitary morning coffee because she simply couldn't deal with his irritatingly weak demeanor so early in the morning. She knew that she didn't mind when Angelo invaded her space in the early morning. She knew that she wouldn't mind if Angelo interrupted her peaceful morning ritual. In fact, she hoped he would do so very soon. There was something about Angelo that was just so....different than Dave.

"Can I help you?" she asked when he continued to fidget in the seat across from her.

"I've heard rumors," Dave said, a belligerent tone to his voice.

"There are always rumors going around in a small town." She eyed him with irritation. "Although the rumors don't generally reach the ears of those who need to hear them, do they?" she asked pointedly, referring to his cheating ways. "Besides, some things are better left unspoken."

Dave at least had the grace to blush at her not so subtle gibe. "I've already apologized for what I've done to you. And I know that someday, you'll forgive me for that and we'll get on with our lives, exactly as we've always planned to do."

Jade thought back to what she and Angelo had done just a few nights ago. The idea of doing the same with Dave just made her skin crawl. "No. We won't." She sat up again and tried to focus on her computer. "If you'll excuse me, I have work to do."

"I've heard that you're dating that Donati character," he interrupted her, completely ignoring her request for privacy.

Jade couldn't stop the smile that broke across her face. It was just a small smile, but she shook her head anyway. "Angelo is a very nice man, but our relationship is not your business," she said firmly.

"So it's true?" he asked, horror coming through in his voice. "I can't believe you are dating him! It's just so...unseemly," he said with disgust.

She saved her spreadsheet and closed her laptop. She knew from experience that Dave wasn't going to go away so it was up to her to leave. As irritating as that was, she wasn't going to cause a scene here in the coffee shop. She'd been the topic of too many conversations of late and she wanted her privacy back. "I have to go," she said and shoved her computer into the laptop case. "Have a good day, Dave," she said and started to stand up, but he put a firm hand on her arm, stopping her from moving.

"You don't know who he is!" he snapped. "I've looked into his past and there are things you need to know."

Jade looked around and more than one table had stopped their conversation and were now staring at the two of them.

"Dave, get your hands off of me. I don't want you to ever touch me in any way again." She said that with a smile so that she appeared friendly, but her eyes showed her anger and revulsion for his hand on her skin. When he removed his hand warily, she took a deep breath and pulled her purse and her laptop bag onto her lap. "Thank you," she said with that graciousness that was the heart and soul of every southern lady. "Now, I'm going to stand up and walk out of here and you're not going to touch me again, nor are you going to follow me. Do you understand?" she asked, tilting her head slightly as if they were having a perfectly normal conversation without any of the warning undertones.

Dave blinked, never having seen this side of the woman he'd been dating for so long. "Jade, hear me out. You don't know what that man is like. He's not who you think he is."

Her smile grew wider. "I believe that he's my neighbor. Is there anything else I need to know?"

"Of course!"

"Has he committed any murders?"

"No!" he growled.

"Raped anyone?" she asked prettily.

"Of course not."

"Done anyone any bodily harm?" again with a saccharin sweet tone.

"That I don't know. But hear me out, would you?"

"I don't think there's anything relevant you need to tell me. The man hasn't committed any crimes that you know about..."

"That we know about. But," and Dave leaned forward, "he was in foster care as a child." Dave said that as if it were worse than being a rapist or murderer. "Apparently he was this huge, dark haired, dark eyed silent wretch who'd lost his parents and wouldn't talk to anyone. So no one would adopt him. They all thought he was some sort of mental case or would grow up to be a behavior issue. No one wanted to have anything to do with him."

Jade couldn't believe what she was hearing. Since Angelo had already told her the crux of this issue, she wasn't surprised but Dave's comments filled in a lot of blanks for her. "And yet, he's grown into a handsome, powerful man with an empire that dwarfs anything even you, with your grandiose opinion of yourself and your abilities, could even imagine." She shook her head. "Dave, don't you get it?" she asked, sharply, amazed that the man sitting across from her could be so ignorant. "Apparently, Angelo was a sad little boy who had lost his parents. I remember the pain of losing my dad to a heart attack and I still had my mother's shoulder to cry on and a house to live in. I still had my own bedroom and all the things that mattered to me and gave me a strong sense of continuity. While Angelo," she said, her voice breaking on the enormity of what she'd just figured out, "had been devastated by the loss of both parents with no relatives to help him through it. I can't even imagine the pain he was going through and with his kind of intelligence, he would probably feel things in a different way than you or I." She wiped the tear that suddenly appeared in her eye and fell down her cheek.

Dave's mouth dropped open at her passionate defense of the man he was slowly growing to hate. "Don't you understand? He's not from 'good' people, Jade!"

Jade stood up, unable to contain her disgust any longer. "Angelo Donati doesn't need to be from 'good' people to make it in this world. He's done it all on his own without the help of anyone around. And without the support of family and friends apparently." She looked around and noticed that others were silent. "Regardless of whether I have a personal relationship with Mr. Donati, he deserves our friendship and our care. We're southerners!" she stated emphatically. "And if anyone from our community had been in the same position as Angelo was in as a child, how would we have treated him?" She glared angrily at the other patrons, feeling Angelo's pain and confusion even decades after the loss of his parents. "Well I can guarantee that he wouldn't be put into foster care! Emma," she pointed to the woman sipping herbal tea with concern in her eyes, "you know you would have made your chicken soup because it has been proven to heal everything from ear infections to heartache." She turned to Norma who was nodding her head. "And you would have made sure he ate biscuits and gravy every morning, telling him with a hug that he needed his energy if he was going to grow up. You did that for me after my father died."

She looked around at the people staring at her, her heart breaking for the man who had lost so much at such a painfully young age and yet had overcome all the obstacles life had presented to him. She looked down at Dave and shook her head. "Shame on you, Dave! That's not how we treat people in our community. We don't reject people because they might be bad. We embrace them and make sure they don't go bad. We help them out and care for them. We might gossip too much and cook with a bit too much bacon, but that's because..." she wasn't exactly sure why everyone cooked with bacon and stumbled.

"Because it makes everything taste better, dear," Norma piped up, filling in the silence.

The rest of the room nodded their head and Jade laughed, wiping her cheek with the back of her hand. "I guess you're right." She turned back to Dave. "I don't know what's going to happen with Angelo. But I can guarantee that you and I are never getting back together."

With that, she stormed out of the coffee shop, hearing others cheer her on. She didn't stop though, too eager to get home and face this new information Dave had given her about Angelo.

His past suddenly made his present make sense. The man "wanted" her, but he wasn't the marrying kind. When she'd asked if he was going to propose to her, he'd reared back, shaking his head.

"Not the marrying kind!" she grumbled, walking rapidly down the street, her head bowed and anger building up inside of her. "Bad husband material!" she stomped around the corner.

"He just doesn't think he's lovable," she realized, stopping in the middle of the street. A car honked at her and she snapped her head to the left. "Oh!" she gasped and realized that she was now blocking traffic. She hurried across the street and stood on the sidewalk. Her mind whizzing through the ideas. He really didn't think that she could ever love him. The idea was so tragic, especially since she'd just discovered how deeply she truly did love him. Her whole heart was bursting with the way she was feeling for the exasperating, wonderful, sweet, kind, gentle and terrifying man.

But did he love her?

She suspected that he did. She thought about all the sweet things he did for her like taking care of her animals, making sure she didn't trip while they were walking, sweetly pouring wine for her and making her laugh while they sipped that wine.

The man might not know it, but he was in love with her! She laughed and practically skipped down the block.

She made it all the way down the street, her eyes barely seeing where she was going and her mind not really sure where she was until she showed up at Angelo's house, standing on the newly renovated patio. The pool water was sparkling in the sunshine and she couldn't believe how wonderful everything looked. She wished she could find a better gardener though. The plants that had been put in place were fine, but there wasn't anything spectacular about them. They didn't have any personality and this house was too full of personality for it to be lacking on the lawn.

She sighed and rounded the corner and just about ran into Angelo as he was standing beside one of the columns. "Oh!" she said and stopped short, her hands reaching out and grabbing hold of him even though he was already steadying her with his hands.

"First of all, where the hell have you been" he demanded angrily. "I've been calling and walking over to your house, knocking on your door ever since you ran out on me three days ago." He didn't give her a chance to answer that question before he snapped out, "And secondly, what were you thinking about?" he asked. "I've been watching you for the past ten minutes and you keep staring into space." He impatiently took her heavy laptop case as well as her purse and set them by one of the patio chairs that had been delivered earlier today.

She smiled brightly up into his eyes, her newfound feelings for him sinking through her happy expression, completely confusing Angelo in the process. "I was thinking that I need to get you a new gardener."

Angelo was startled by her comment and looked down into her eyes. He didn't believe her for a moment. "Why would I need a new gardener?" he asked, trying to catch up, but not sure what she might say next.

"Because the shrubs don't have pizzazz," she stated emphatically. She was suddenly thrilled that she was in love with this man. And he was in love with her, she just knew it!

The plan she'd been forming in her mind solidified and she moved closer, kissing him on the chin. "You look very handsome today," she said with a smile. She stood up on her toes and kissed him on the bottom of his chin, the only place she could reach unless he was going to help her.

Angelo looked at her, his body already reacting to her smile. But when she kissed him, voluntarily and not just because he'd teased her into letting herself react, he couldn't stop the intense lust that surged through him. "What was that for?" he asked, but pulled her closer before she could answer him.

Jade wrapped her arms around his hard waist, enjoying the feeling of his muscles underneath her fingers. "I'm going to talk to Betty Sue. She'll know what to do about the gardens." She sighed happily when his own arms wrapped around her as well. "Oh, and just so you know, we're under budget and ahead of schedule. I just ran the numbers. I've saved you about two hundred thousand dollars."

His eyebrows went up with that revelation. "How did you do that?" he asked, feeling better than he had in....well, Jade was in his arms and she wasn't pulling away or giving him excuses as to why she had to run home. So he could honestly say that he'd never felt better than he did at this moment.

"I'm brilliant," she laughed. "Okay, so not as brilliant as you, but still, I can wheel and deal almost as well as you can."

He laughed and rolled his eyes. "Jade, what's going on?" he asked.

She shrugged her shoulders and pulled back to look up at him. "I was talking to Dave at the coffee shop a few minutes ago," she explained, preferring to be completely honest with him.

Angelo's body stiffened. "You're not going back to him, Jade. You're mine! And you know it as well. You'd never be happy with him. Not after what we've shared."

She laughed and hugged him tighter. "You're right." And then her eyes dropped to his mouth, her body shifting slightly as memories surged through her. "Why don't you show me again?" she suggested, her voice telling him what she really wanted to convey.

Angelo's body hardened even more. He took a deep breath, his mind trying to figure out what had come over her, but then her hands moved from his back to his chest, her fingers sliding up along the ridges of his stomach and he couldn't think any longer.

"I have no idea what's going on in that beautiful head of yours, but I'm not going to look a gift horse in the mouth," he said and lifted her up into his arms. "If you're offering yourself to me, I'm going to take it,' he said with a ragged voice. "So help me Jade, if this is a trick, I don't think I can take it."

He lifted her up into his arms and strode quickly through the house and up the stairs. He didn't stop until he was standing beside his bed. Letting her legs down, he continued to hold her against his length, his eyes never leaving hers. "Are you sure about this Jade?" he asked softly with his gruff voice. "You won't run away from me again, will you?"

"I'm very sure," she said and kissed his chest, his jaw, her hands moving slowly down his arms. "And if you don't do something to show me that you're sure as well, I'm going to think that you don't want me anymore and I'll just go feed Rufus and Jasper."

Angelo growled and pulled her tightly against him. "Never think that," he said through clenched teeth. But there was no more talking after that. Jade thought that perhaps he was showing her that she wouldn't regret her decision to make love to him, to give in to him so completely. He was relentless in his lovemaking this time, his hands and mouth everywhere. It was almost as if he couldn't get enough of her, like she might disappear so he had to memorize every inch of her body for future reference.

"You're so beautiful," he said as he tossed her shirt behind him, her bra following quickly as his deft fingers moved over her, discarding clothing as quickly as his nimble fingers could go. He worshiped her, kissing and teasing every inch of skin revealed, not allowing her to touch him back but holding her hands out to her side whenever she tried.

"Not tonight," he said when she started to complain.

"Yes tonight," she countered right back but he wouldn't let her hands go and his mouth became even more demanding. She screamed out when his mouth covered her right nipple which was already hard and ready for him. She arched into his mouth, her hands forming fists as she tried to assimilate the passion that was taking over her body. She couldn't control it, she could only allow the waves to crash over her again and again as his mouth moved over her. He even spun her over, his mouth exploring her back and he found several more erogenous zones right below her shoulder blades. She couldn't believe it when his mouth teased that spot, causing her to writhe underneath him, her hips shifting, desperate now to have him fill her up.

When he rolled her back over, he looked down at her with triumph and apology, his body sliding into hers. "I'm sorry, Jade. I can't hold back any longer."

"I love you!" she cried out as she arched into his embrace, her body shifting to accommodate his size and invasion that she craved so desperately. "Don't stop," she commanded when he slowed down.

"No chance of that," he almost laughed and buried himself fully inside of her. "You're so perfect," he said, gasping for breath and the ability to think, to make this incredible for her. But as her body tightened around him, he couldn't stop or slow down. He needed her so completely, every fiber of his being was clamoring for release. But he had to help her. She looked up at him and said those words again. "I love you," she said and his mind just about exploded with pleasure.

He moved slowly, filling her up, creating friction that he knew would help her take her to where he already was.

"I love you!" she screamed out again, her hands jerking free of his hold as her legs wrapped around him and her arms reached up to embrace his shoulders, her entire body hugging him as they plummeted over the cliff together.

Chapter 10

Jade sighed with happiness as Angelo's fingers ran through her hair over and over again. She rested her cheek against his chest, her body draped over his and she thought about moving, but everything felt so perfect, and she just didn't want to break any of the contact with him.

"You didn't have to say that, Jade," he finally bit out. He'd loved the words, but he knew she didn't mean them. "I know you care for me, but you don't have to say...what you said earlier."

She laughed and nibbled lightly on his chest. "I love you," she said, then kissed the spot to soothe her nip. "I love you with all of my heart."

He looked down at her and shook his head. "Jade, sex is okay between two people. You don't have to pretend to be in love with me just to enjoy it."

Her smile widened. She knew that was only his insecurities talking. She'd felt the trembling in his body when she'd said those words earlier, and her hand was covering his heart, feeling the accelerated beating now. She could feel how her words impacted him and she didn't care what he said. He felt it too.

"What are you going to do tomorrow?" she asked. "There's only cleanup here for the next few days. Everyone else has pretty much finished. It's just a matter of waiting for the rest of your furniture to arrive."

Angelo stared up at the ceiling, his mind not sure what to think or feel right now. He knew that this woman made him feel things that weren't right. He didn't deserve her. "I have to go to New York tomorrow," he said, making the last minute decision. He needed to talk to Dominic. He needed to hear his friend tell him to get a grip. It would be better if Zayn were in town as well, but he'd settle for Dominic's advice on how to extricate himself from this situation.

Or maybe he would fly out to Tusain and talk to Zayn as well.

Jade lifted up on her elbows, the hurt shining through in her eyes and Angelo felt like an ass for saying those things. He wished he could take them back, but he also knew that it was for the best. He'd never meant for Jade to fall in love with him. He'd wanted to keep things casual.

Okay, so that was a lie. He wanted to figure out how to keep her here, in his house and in his bed for the rest of his life, but he couldn't do that. She'd eventually figure things out and he couldn't hurt her in the meantime.

"When will you be back?" she asked, fighting back the tears. It would take time, she told herself. Angelo had been alone for too long and she'd have to teach him that things were okay, that he wasn't the bad person he'd thought all his life. And that he could accept her love.

"I don't know how long I'll be gone," he replied, calculating in his mind how long it would take to reach New York, talk with Dominic and then fly across the globe to Zayn. "Maybe a week," he finally said.

"A week?" she parroted in a small voice. "How am I..." she stopped and dropped back down. Baby steps, she told herself. She'd run from Angelo the first time they'd had sex. She remembered how terrified she'd been by the things she'd felt, at everything she'd still been feeling the following morning.

That meant she couldn't blame Angelo now that their roles were reversed. She'd run, tried to hide from him. Now he was running, trying to escape from the things she made him feel. She'd give him time, but in the end, she wouldn't let him get away. She'd pursue him with the same zeal he'd done to her over the past several weeks. She wasn't going to let him get away, she thought silently.

Snuggling up to him, she smiled dreamily. "That's fine. When you get back, everything will be in place and you can move in without any more disturbances."

Angelo could feel his entire body brace as he thought about what he wanted to know. What he wanted to ask her. He told himself he was all kinds of a fool to ask, knowing that she was going to turn him down flat but he had to get the question out there. If he didn't ask it, and hear her rejection, he'd always wonder. When he was eighty years old and sitting in front of that damn fireplace downstairs, he'd wonder about his question and her answer.

Even though he knew with absolute certainty what her response would be, he said, "Will you be here when I get back?" he asked.

She laughed and pulled herself higher. "Of course I will be," she said and stretched to kiss his lips gently. "I love you. I'm not going anywhere."

He still didn't believe it, but the words were nice to hear. And since this was the last time he'd see her, because she'd regret what she'd just said as soon as the dawn broke over the horizon, he rolled over, tucking her luscious body underneath him and kissed her again, deeply, his hands moving up and cupping her bottom.

Jade smiled, her heart crying out for him but her body responding instantly. He might not say the words verbally, but his hands and his body were repeating those words back to her loud and clear.

She'd take it one step at a time, she thought as she kissed him back with all the love she felt in her heart.

Chapter 11

Dominic stared at his friend and knew instantly something was wrong. He'd arrived home five minutes ago and was told by Sydney that Angelo was out by the pool. Looking at his friend, Dominic wondered if it had anything to do with the woman he'd mentioned earlier.

"What's up?" Dominic asked, walking forward and handing his friend a glass filled with amber liquid.

Angelo took the glass and looked down into the liquid's depths. "Jade says she's in love with me," he said softly, then stared out to the horizon once again. "How's your latest acquisition? If you talk to Burt Hilwinder, he'll be able to move that pesky legal issue along. He has information that can eliminate the obstacle."

Dominic noted the information, but kept his focus on Angelo's initial statement. "And you love her too. What's the problem?"

Angelo sighed and took a seat on the chair facing the pool. "She's going to realize what she said and regret it later on."

Dominic took the opposite seat and considered how to talk to his friend. "What's your plan?"

Angelo threw back the liquid from his glass. "I'm going to stay away long enough for her to realize that she doesn't want me. And stay out of her way so she won't be embarrassed by saying the words." He considered his next thought carefully. "She'll realize quickly that she made a mistake. She's new to the world of passion," he explained without going into detail. "She just wanted to wrap things up prettily instead of accepting her sensuality."

Dominic tried to suppress his smile but knew he wasn't completely successful. "That's probably it," he said, not agreeing with his friend at all. "Or it could be that she's completely head over heels in love with you."

Angelo's only response was a large, disdainful expulsion of air. He paused for a moment before he said, "She wasn't supposed to get emotional about this."

Dominic knew that it would take time before his friend realized what was going on. He just prayed that the woman who had stolen Angelo's heart had the perseverance to hold out for him. Angelo could be one of the most stubborn people in the world. Well, besides his wife, he thought with a smile. If this Jade woman could just maintain her love in the face of complete rejection, which Dominic knew would be difficult for the best of people, she would have the most amazing husband she could ever imagine. Ever since he'd lost his parents, Angelo had a great well of love to give someone and he was aching to do so. He wouldn't allow himself to do that with this woman for fear that her love wasn't real.

"Are you hungry?" Dominic asked instead.

"Not really."

"How about some food anyway?" he joked.

"Did Sydney cook?" Angelo asked, knowing he would eat it even if she did. Sydney was a good woman and he wouldn't hurt her feelings for anything. Even if it meant eating whatever she'd burned this time. He could handle a night of indigestion if it meant not hurting her feelings. Hell, he'd even have seconds, he thought.

"Hell no!" Dominic said with feeling. "I convinced her to let me keep my housekeeper on from the penthouse. Thankfully, she accepted that she wasn't a good cook. And if I had to eat one more peanut butter sandwich, or even watch her eat one, I think I might have bought out every restaurant in New York just to ensure we had a catered meal every night that didn't include peanut butter."

"Always did make you gag," Angelo chuckled as the two men walked into the dining room.

Chapter 12

Jade stared at the door of the completed house, willing Angelo to come through the door. All of the furniture had arrived and she stood in the middle, the fire crackling despite the heat of the late summer night. She'd turned down the air conditioning, lit some candles and poured a glass of wine. Angelo's birthday cake was sitting on the coffee table, looking beautiful with the rich, cream cheese frosting coating all of the carrot cake. She'd even managed to form little carrot-like decorations around the outer edge. Of course, Betty, the bake shop owner had looked at her efforts with a cringe, but it was the first carrot cake Jade had ever made. Her preference was cheesecake, of which she was an absolute expert at baking. Or pecan pie. Yes, she could make a mean pecan pie!

While putting the final touches on the kitchen, Jade had finally discovered why Jasper and Rufus were so enamored of Angelo's house. The dratted man kept a bowl of bacon in the refrigerator! The animals were begging for it every night now!

Jade should be furious with Angelo, and would be, if the bowl of bacon weren't yet another indication of his love for her. He'd wanted her to come over. He'd purposely bribed her pets to come over so she'd have to retrieve them. It was his way of obtaining her presence without actually coming out and asking her over for a glass of wine. It was pretty ingenious, if it didn't break her heart that he didn't think she would want to come over.

Okay, so maybe she would have rejected his offer. He'd been pretty arrogant initially.

She smiled at the memory of that first night, of how nervous she'd been when first meeting the amazingly large, scary looking man.

Rufus and Jasper were sitting in front of the fireplace, Jasper was happily cleaning his paws after his nightly bacon treat. The ridiculous cat didn't even hunt any longer, too lazy to go after a tasty treat when he could simply stand in front of the refrigerator and meow until he got his bacon fix.

She curled up on the sofa, pulling the soft, cashmere throw over her legs. She wasn't cold, but there was just something comforting in the blanket right now. After being alone for over a week, she needed whatever comfort she could find.

The following morning, she woke up in Angelo's enormous bed and looked around. Of course she couldn't move since Rufus was behind her legs and Jasper was balanced precariously on her hip, waist and shoulder, snoring through Jade's irritation. She tried to sit up, but Rufus just shifted and almost pushed her off of the edge of the bed which made Jasper really irritated. The fluffy cat stood up on her hip, stretched and started to settle right in the same position but Jade wasn't going to take that. She sat up, forcing the cat to jump down. In response, Jasper decided to take a bath right in front of Jade, as if to show her that he'd meant to get down anyway.

This waiting game had to stop! She wasn't going to stay here, wondering when Angelo would come to his senses.

Throwing off the covers, she walked back to her cottage and showered as quickly as possible. She dressed in her very best traveling suit, feeling pretty and confident but still comfortable in anticipation of the cramped, horrible flight from Charleston to New York.

Carrying the carrot cake with both hands, Jade stalked through Angelo's house, almost slamming the newly installed glass doors. She wrote him a note just in case he returned here while she was out chasing him up in New York. "I'm not letting him get away from me!" she growled and grabbed her suitcase.

Back at her cottage, she stuffed her laptop into the case, grabbed her purse and jammed everything into her tiny hatchback. She'd get a plane ticket to New York once she reached the airport but she was finished waiting for that stubborn man! She was going to hunt him down and make him come right back here so they could live happily ever after. Even if it killed her!

At the airport, she was relieved to find that there was a plane leaving in an hour. She had just enough time to get through security, check her bag and run to the terminal. She slumped down in her seat, biting her thumbnail as she considered all the different approaches to get the ornery man to believe that she actually loved him.

The plane touched down at Kennedy Airport and she held the carrot cake in the plastic carrier as if it were a chunk of gold or diamonds. The person next to her probably thought she was insane, but Jade didn't care. She was too angry to care right now.

Outside, she had her cake carrier in one hand, her roller bag in the other and she pulled her purse and laptop higher on her shoulder. Once she'd found the taxi line, she waited until it was her turn, then dove inside the back of the cab and gave the driver the Long Island address she'd found in one of the contacts Angelo had given her a while ago. He'd said that this Dominic Carson guy was a friend but Jade wasn't sure if he would know where Angelo might be. It was a start at least.

She thought about checking into a hotel before reaching the house, but then thought she could just have the cab wait while she asked this Carson guy if he knew where Angelo might be.

At the door, she looked back at the irritated cab driver as she rang the doorbell. It was answered immediately by a woman who looked like she was going to give birth at any moment. "Oh, goodness," Jade said, feeling horrible all of a sudden. "I thought this was where Dominic Carson lived," she said and started back towards the cab. "I'm so sorry to have disturbed you."

"Wait," Sydney called out, waddling out of the front door to stop the woman. "Are you Jade?" she asked, noting the southern accent and preppy clothes.

Jade froze. How could this woman know her name? "Yes," she said tentatively, ready to dive into the cab and beat it back down the private road if any knives showed up. She might be pregnant, but Jade watched too many horror movies and her imagination went a bit crazy at times.

"Please, come in. I'm Sydney Watson. My husband is Dominic Carson," she explained, placing a hand on her back. "And if I'm not mistaken, you're looking for Angelo, aren't you?"

Jade nodded, still not quite sure what's going on. "Is he here?"

Sydney shook her head with a gentle smile. "No, but we're expecting him back tonight."

"Where is he?" she asked, feeling like a fool for traveling hundreds of miles without any knowledge of where she might find her missing man.

"He's on a flight back from Tusain. I believe he lands in about an hour." Sydney thought for a moment, considering her options. "Do you really love him?" she asked. "And I mean, really love him and not anything temporary or superficial. Because if you hurt him, I'll hunt you down and make sure you hurt just as much as it will hurt him to find out that you're not really in love with him."

Jade's eyes filled with worry. "You're a friend then?" she asked, hoping that he had more friends in this world like this woman.

"Angelo has been friends with my husband for years. I've only known him for a few months, but I already think he's an exceptionally wonderful man. So if you don't really love him, I'm not going to let you hurt him. Just head on back home and leave him alone. He can't take the pain. He might come across as strong, but he's actually very vulnerable right now."

Jade shook her head. "Has something happened to him? Is he hurt?" She wasn't aware that her eyes had filled up with tears. "What's wrong with him?"

Sydney watched for a moment, then made a snap decision. This woman was the real deal. Those tears, the instant worry, proved that this Jade woman thought Angelo was pretty special. "Come inside," Sydney said. "I'll give you the keys to his place."

Jade looked back at her cab driver, not sure what to do. "If you give me the address, I'll make it there on my own."

Sydney shook her head. She waved to her housekeeper. "Can you pay the cab driver? Then ask John to come around so he can drive Jade over to Angelo's place."

The housekeeper immediately moved forward and handed the driver a wad of cash while at the same time, efficiently pulling the cake carrier and luggage out of the back seat.

Jade wasn't sure how it had happened, but who knows how much later, she was sitting in the back seat of a luxurious limousine with her luggage stored in the back while the driver maneuvered his way through the heavy Manhattan traffic, the carrot cake still balanced on her knees. She was nervous about seeing Angelo. Sydney said he was due to land any minute now so she'd have to hurry to get over to his place.

The doorman was ready at the curb, obviously waiting for her to arrive. "Take the elevator up," he explained as he rolled her luggage behind his desk. "I'll take care of this in the freight elevator. The code has already been set."

Jade didn't understand, but the doorman nudged her into the elevator and the doors closed with her looking down at her silly carrot cake. She wasn't sure what was going on, but she blinked when the doors opened once again, revealing an extraordinarily beautiful apartment. No, this was bigger than an apartment, she realized as she noticed the floating staircase off to the left. There were two story windows that looked out over the city and the comfortable leather seating area beckoned her muddled, travel weary mind.

But she didn't have time to wonder about things. She was standing in the large foyer, her hands clenched around the cake holder and feeling ridiculous when the elevator chimed once again, indicating that someone else was about to enter.

When the doors opened and Angelo stepped off, she was so stunned, she clenched the cake holder closer, her eyes wide with fear of what he might think about her being here. Would he be angry? Resentful?

"Jade?" he asked, his voice hoarse as his eyes drank in her appearance in his home. "What are you doing here?" he asked.

Jade noticed that he didn't take another step closer to her. He stood just inside the doorway, his features confused. It was almost as if he didn't believe his eyes, that he was imagining her here.

She shrugged slightly and took a deep breath. "You didn't come back," she said as if that explained everything.

He closed the distance between them, his hands reaching out to touch her but he pulled back. His thumb reached down and wiped away a tear she hadn't known was there and he smelled so wonderful she just threw her arms around him, not sure what was happening to the cake now. But she didn't care either. He felt so wonderful, so amazing and when his arms wrapped around her as well, she sobbed out her happiness against his suit.

"What's wrong?" Angelo demanded. His arms tightened and his mind sifted through possibilities. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?" His hands moved down her back, obviously checking to make sure she didn't have any broken bones.

Jade laughed at the idea that she would be standing here in his arms if something were broken. "I'm fine," she said and sniffed, trying to regain control of her emotions. "I just missed you. You didn't come back and I waited and waited for you but I didn't even hear anything from you. I started to worry," she explained, laughing now. "I know it sounds ridiculous, but I can't help it. I started to imagine all sorts of horrible things happening to you and I just had to find you, to make sure you were okay."

Angelo couldn't believe her words. No one had ever worried about him except for Zayn and Dominic. They were his family and had been ever since that horrible day when the police had arrived at his school to explain that his parents had been killed in a car accident. His arms tightened around her, trying to believe the words she was saying but it was so hard. "You shouldn't be here," he said, but negated his comment when he wouldn't release her. "You should forget about me. I'm no good," he finally told her. But still, his arms kept her close, his body seeming to wrap around her.

She shook her head, looking up at him and reaching out her hand to touch his cheek. "You're wonderful. And you're my man so don't ever let me hear you say something like that again!" she told him sternly.

"You need to find someone who is better."

She smiled gently. "Angelo, there is no one better. You're the most wonderful, kindest, gentlest man I've ever met in my life. And you're so intelligent it is scary."

"You don't know me. You don't know what I've done."

"I know who you are now. I know that you're a generous person who is in love with me. And since I'm in love with you, there's nothing that we can't get through together."

Angelo's eyes widened with her declaration but he shook his head. "You don't love me. You're calling it love when it's just old fashioned lust."

She sighed and pulled him over to the sofa. After pushing him down, she set the cake carrier on the coffee table, relieved to finally be free of that cumbersome container. She then turned around and plunked herself on his lap, smiling when his arms automatically reached out to hold her safely on his hard thighs. "I know about your past. You'd already told me a little of your childhood and Dave thought it would be to his benefit to run a background check on you." She felt his body tense up and she leaned into him, kissing his firm lips with reassurance. "I'm so sorry that your parents died when you were so young. But I'd like to change the future, if you're willing to change it with me."

He looked at her warily. "What did you have in mind?" he asked.

She laughed softly. "Oh, I don't know. Maybe six or seven kids. All of them boys looking as handsome and rugged as you are."

"Six or seven?" he repeated, astounded.

She grinned enticingly. "We'll have to practice a great deal in order to have that many kids," she said and her fingers moved to the buttons on his shirt, slipping one out of the buttonhole.

Angelo's hands captured her fingers, stopping their teasing. He could only take so much, he thought. "Jade, Dave is probably the better..."

She covered his mouth with her own, stopping him from saying those horrible words. When he was silent, she pulled back and looked at him. "Dave is a weak, conniving little snake with no morals and even less compassion for anyone other than himself. Please don't ever compare yourself to him. He's pathetic and I'm ashamed that I ever considered him as someone I would spend the rest of my life with. And I have you to thank for getting me out of what would eventually be a heart breaking situation."

Angelo wasn't sure what to say to that. Her words were so impassioned, but then everything Jade did was filled with life and passion and she tackled everything with a gusto that he admired. "He told you all about me?"

She nodded her head.

"And you still think you're in love with me?" he asked, but it sounded more disbelieving than anything else spoken in the last few minutes.

She smiled and leaned against his chest. "I know I'm in love with you." She wiggled her bottom against his groin. "And if you don't take me into your bedroom and make love to me, I'll be forced to do something very drastic."

Angelo chuckled, liking the new and demanding Jade. "What would you consider drastic?" he asked, his voice deepening as his body hardened underneath her. He shifted her slightly so he could see her face and almost laughed at the blush stealing up her beautiful cheeks.

"Oh, I can be very drastic," she said softly, the promise of creative things she could think up shining through in her eyes.

Angelo threw back his head and laughed, but his eyes caught on the plastic container behind her. "What's that?" he asked, tilting his head towards the large, white object.

Jade's head spun around and then she turned back to him. "That's your birthday cake," she said happily. She picked up the container and started to open it, then realized that it had completely tipped over and most of the cream cheese frosting was now mashed up against the side. "Okay, well, it used to look pretty good," she said with a grimace.

Angelo swallowed painfully, his eyes staring at the odd object. "You bought me a birthday cake?" he asked, stunned.

"I made you a birthday cake," she explained. She looked down at the mess. "But maybe I should go out and buy you one instead. This one is a mess."

Angelo stood up and took the container from her hands. "Let's see it," he said and started to lift the cover off.

Jade didn't want him to see the mess and tried to take it out of his arms, but he simply lifted it higher, out of her reach. "I want to see it," he countered, wrapping an arm around her waist and pulling her close again.

She sighed and looked up at him. "Okay, you can look at it under one condition."

Angelo considered her ultimatum, knowing that he was stronger and taller. He could easily have his way but he decided to give in. "Fine. What's the condition?"

She poked him in the side. "You have to marry me. You have to eventually tell me that you love me. And you have to come back home with me because it's too darn, cold up here!" she explained. She barely had time to state the last condition before his mouth swooped down and covered her own.

When she was breathless, he lifted his head and looked down at her. "I can't guarantee that I'll always be the nice guy."

She laughed and hugged him, feeling elated now that victory was so close at hand. "You've never been nice!" she replied, delighted.

"I thought you just said I was all of those things."

She laughed even more. "I said you were kind and gentle and smart. Never would I describe you as a nice guy. In fact, you're driving me crazy right now," she said and glanced over his shoulder where he was still holding the cake out of her reach.

"You really made me a birthday cake?" he asked, a smile growing over his handsome features.

"Yes!" she replied, exasperated. "So would you please get that out of the air and look at it so we can go out and get you a proper birthday cake instead?"

Angelo laughed and brought the container lower. He reluctantly released her so he could remove the top. Looking back, he noticed that Jade had both arms crossed and she was looking mainly at the floor.

He lifted the top and was amazed at the huge mess underneath the lid. "You're right," he said with a grim expression. "This is a mess." But then he stuck a finger into the moist cake and icing, then lifted a taste to his lips. "But it's incredibly delicious," he said. He moved closer to her, taking another bite and offering her a taste as well from his finger. She took the icing and smiled, feeling her stomach quiver as his finger stroked her lips.

"There's only one problem," he said and bent to gently kiss her lips, licking a small spot of icing off the corner.

"What's that?" she asked, slightly breathless from just that small touch.

"My birthday is in February," he said with a sly grin.

Jade froze, her eyes widened and she looked at him. "Are you kidding me?" she asked.

He shook his head and she could tell that he wasn't joking. "What day?" she asked.

"February twenty-first."

After a stunned moment, she threw back her head and laughed. "Oh my," she said when she finally got herself under control. "What a waste! Dave told me it was three days ago," she explained, chuckling a bit more as she surveyed the horrible looking, crumbled mess. "And I've been carrying that thing all day long."

He brought her close and kissed the top of her head. "I think it was very sweet of you to make this cake for me. Even if you are six months off on the date." His voice turned gruff as he said, "No one has made me a birthday cake since my parents passed away. Thank you."

She wrapped her arms around him and kissed his chest. "You're welcome. But I don't know what kind of cake you actually like. If you tell me now, I can try again in February." She looked up at him hopefully.

He shrugged his massive shoulders. "Right now, I think I like carrot cake the best." And with that, he lifted her into his arms and carried her down the hallway towards what a laughing Jade hoped was his bedroom.

When they were standing beside the bed, he reached into his pocket and pulled something out. Holding it in front of her, he held the ring with two fingers. "If you really believe that you're in love with me, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" he asked.

Jade heard the heavy emotions in his voice and her heart ached to bring him all the happiness he'd missed out on as a child. "I would be honored. But you still need to tell me that you love me too. I know it, but I'd really like to..."

"I love you, crazy woman!" he said, lifting her up into his arms and kissing her with all of the love he was feeling.

Epilogue

Jade took a deep breath and opened the door. As soon as she stepped out, there were several gasps from the group of women standing in the master bedroom.

"Oh, Jade!" Sydney gasped, holding her baby in her arms as she looked at her new friend. "You look absolutely lovely!"

"Definitely the belle of the ball," Ella agreed. One graceful hand covering her very pregnant belly while the other hand held onto, Max, her six year old son.

Jade smiled gratefully and looked down at Max, the little man was the light of his father's eyes. "What do you think Your Highness?" she teased the small man who was trying to look very important and cool while amid so many women.

Max's dark eyes surveyed the woman in the lovely white wedding dress, then finally nodded. "I think Mr. Angelo will like you."

The three women laughed and Jade wanted to bend low and kiss the little man for his approval but didn't want to embarrass him. "Well, I guess that puts the final approval on the dress then," she said, smoothing the draping silk tulle over her body. The bodice was covered with silvery flowers but then the empire waist fell directly to the floor with delicate lines of more silver flowers flowing down slightly. Because the dress was so elaborate, she'd chosen a simple veil with no embellishments and simple makeup, just like Angelo preferred.

"Goodness, I can't believe this is actually happening," she whispered with excitement. "Is he really here?" she asked nervously.

Sydney laughed softly and nodded. "Both Dominic and Zayn are currently driving him nuts but he's here. He might punch out the two best men, but the wedding is definitely going to happen."

Jade's eyes looked worried. "Is he okay?"

Ella waddled over to her new friend. "He's more than okay. Just anxious to get you down the aisle. Are you ready? It's time," she said with more than a little bit of excitement herself.

Sydney poked Ella's arm slightly. "Remember your own wedding?" she asked, obviously reminiscing about her wedding to Dominic. "I think I was about to throw up right before I walked down the aisle."

"Well, you were three months pregnant, weren't you?"

"Yes," she nodded. "And Dominic was the most horrid groom around. The man actually tried to order me to hurry up!"

Both women laughed and even Max shook his head. "What did you do?"

Sydney shrugged her shoulder delicately. "I punched his arm, then hurried to the bathroom and threw up." She waited until their laughter died down before she asked, "What about your wedding?" she asked Ella.

Ella waved her hand away. "I don't even remember my first wedding. It was done in a frantic hurry around midnight right after I'd discovered that Zayn was a sheik instead of just an ordinary guy." She looked at Sydney with a grimace. "I wish I'd known you then. I would have taken a page out of your book and punched the jerk."

Max piped up at that point. "You love him," he corrected, rolling his eyes exactly like his father did whenever Ella said something Zayn disagreed with. To the other two women he said, "But she liked her next one."

Ella nodded. "The next wedding was pretty nice," she smiled with the memory. "I was probably already pregnant then as well, but didn't know it." She patted her tummy with her six month pregnant belly. "Zayn helped make up for the first one. But the press were brutal! I think we were up to about five or six interviews a day until Zayn finally put a stop to all of that."

"The press are here," Sydney cautioned. "Dominic and Zayn both have their security details along with Angelo's, keeping the paparazzi out of the way. But this wedding is pretty big news. Everyone wants to see who captured the dangerous Angelo Donati," she said.

Jade rolled her eyes just as Max had done a moment ago. "Angelo is not dangerous," she said with absolute conviction. "He's a pussy cat."

Max was horrified. "He is not!" he almost yelled. "Men are not cats! We're lions maybe but not cats!"

The three women looked down at the sweet little guy and laughed. "You're absolutely right, Your Highness," Jade said, bending low to give him a kiss.

"I have to go," Max said, puffing up with importance. "Dad just sent me up here to check on what was going on." With that, he rushed out of the room and down the stairs, apparently eager to report that he'd defended their masculinity, horrified at the idea of being compared to a house cat.

Jade took a deep breath. "I guess we'd better hurry as well," she said.

All three women walked down the stairs of the beautifully renovated and dramatically decorated house Jade had finished only three weeks ago. There were flowers on every surface and champagne chilling in preparation of their wedding toast. A gorgeous, four tiered wedding cake topped with white roses was in a corner of the great room with tables set up for an elaborate dinner, just waiting for the end of the ceremony.

Jade stepped out behind Sydney and Ella onto the mosaic tiles of the new lanai and stared in wonder at the man at the end of the aisle. She couldn't believe she was actually marrying Angelo Donati. He was the most spectacular, amazing and incredibly wonderful man on earth and she was so in love with him she often felt like she was going to burst with the feeling.

The music started and Jade waited for Sydney and Ella to walk down the aisle first. Then Max stepped out, his basket of rose petals in his hand. He did well all the way until the end of the aisle when he threw the petals up into the air then giggled as he watched them float down around his head. Jade had to laugh when Zayn rolled his eyes, chuckling at his son's antics as he stepped forward and pulled the little prince back towards him.

And then it was her turn! She took a deep breath, unaware of the crowd standing up as she stepped down to make her way towards the minister. She thought perhaps she was dreaming, this fantastical fantasy that couldn't be real.

But then she placed her hand in Angelo's and that incredible, shocking heat stole through her whole body, just like it had that first time. And she suddenly knew that she wasn't dreaming. He was real. He was hers. And he was incredible.

"I love you," she whispered, looking up into his handsome, black eyes.

"I love you too," he came right back, a soft smile on his dangerously handsome face. "Let's get married."

Her smile widened and her eyes lit with excitement. "Let's do it," she replied with enthusiasm.

