Chapter 1

Chloe slipped out of the comfortable sedan nervously, forcing a smile to her face as David came around to help her out.

"Dinner was very nice," she said anxiously and glanced up at her apartment, feeling the cold air on her cheeks and ignoring the scent of garlic and onions on David's breath. Was there any way at all to escape the next few awkward hours? She cared for David but she just wasn't in the mood to be with him.

The thought struck her that, recently, she rarely wanted to be alone with him because of the increasing pressure she felt to take their relationship to the next level. As she pulled the heavy apartment gate open so they could both walk through, she realized that she didn't particularly like kissing David. What was wrong with her? He was an attractive guy. All her friends in the office envied her whenever he came to take her out to lunch. His blond, blue eyed good looks combined with a great smile made the other women sigh whenever he tossed one of his winks their way.

So why didn't his gentle touch make her heart race? Why couldn't she be even slightly attracted to him? Why, why why? She hated this! It wasn't fair that one man from her past could affect her so dramatically, leaving all other men mere shadows of his memory. Would it be like this forever? Would she always be comparing her current boyfriend to that one man who had loomed so large throughout her childhood? Or was it just lately? It was probably just those irritating letters, she thought, pressing the button on the elevator more firmly than she needed to.

"Ouch!" she gasped, looking down at her finger and groaning when she'd hit the button so hard she'd broken her fingernail.

David took her hand in his and kissed the end of her finger. It was a sweet gesture, but because it was David, the touch left her unmoved and feeling guilty because of it.

In an effort to get more in the spirit of the night, she smiled engagingly up at David. She cringed only slightly when she saw his eyes flare with excitement but she managed not to step backward.

He put an arm around her waist and pulled her closer as the elevator rose through the various floors. "You look beautiful tonight," he said softly and took her hand to lead her into the hallway once the doors opened up.

Chloe sighed heavily. Maybe tonight would be different, she thought sadly. He certainly seemed to be different tonight.

"Are you warm enough?" he asked when they reached her floor and she shivered slightly. He wrapped his arm around her but Chloe couldn't help but feel awkward with his affection.

"I'm fine," she replied, but couldn't look in his eyes. He was going to kiss her, she thought sadly. And it would be yet another disappointment.

Chloe walked beside him down the hallway to her apartment, wishing things were different. She desperately wished she'd never met that other one, hadn't seen him struggling to make his way in the world and grown to respect him so much, to admire his determination and intelligence. No man could match him and she should just leave him in the past and get on with her life.

Sam Marchant was not the man for her and she needed to get over her silly infatuation with him.

Who was she kidding? All other men looked anemic compared to that other man. Unlocking her door with more force than was necessary, she pushed that man's physique out of her mind and forced herself to focus on David. Sam was nothing to her. And never had been. Just because they'd shared a few dinners while she was in college, one every few months when he flew into town, that didn't mean that she was ruined for other men. So the evenings had been wonderful, leaving her knees weak and her heart pounding with her infatuation. It had also hurt horribly when she'd seen the society papers showing him with another woman the following night.

Every time, no matter where she was in the world, from the time she turned eighteen he'd called her up and invited her to dinner. At first, those nights had been magical. He was so witty, so fun to be with and amazingly handsome with his dark hair, tall, powerful stature and a five o'clock shadow no matter what time of the day it was. She'd always been proud to be on his arm.

But when she'd realized the pattern, that the second night he was in town he'd always go somewhere more glamorous with a stunningly gorgeous woman on his arm, clinging to him and usually smiling up at his handsome face just as the camera captured their entrance or exit, she started refusing his invitations. She'd gotten smart enough not to put herself in a position to be hurt by his betrayal.

It wasn't even a true betrayal, which almost hurt more, because he would always preface every invitation with the comment that he wanted to check up on her for her dad. In the beginning, she'd assumed the excuse was just that, an excuse to see her. But when she'd consistently read about his exploits the next night, she had to accept that it wasn't an excuse. Sam really thought of her as a kid no matter how many activities she joined or classes she took, and Sam really was just checking up on her. He would never see her as an adult woman, someone he might consider in a more romantic way. Chloe was destined to remain in the "kid sister" category to Sam.

A few years ago, she stopped accepting his invitations, ignoring the stunned silence when she explained that she was too busy, or too tired or whatever popped into her mind. And when that became too hard, she simply stopped answering his calls, stopped returning them and ignored her father's comments that she should check in with him "because Sam cared" about her.

It was better all around when she cut off communication. A heart could only take so much, she told herself.

And now he was on her mind more, popping into her dreams, making her inefficient at work because she found herself thinking about him, wondering how he was and if he was still as successful as he'd been before she'd gone off to college.

It was only because of the phone calls and letters that she'd been thinking of him lately. As she opened her door, she quickly glanced down at the mail littering her doorway and cringed when she saw yet another letter with that bold, powerful scrawl.

Glancing at her voice mail, sure enough, she noticed the red light was blinking. Chloe ignored it for the moment, turning back to David and smiling. "I'll make some coffee," she suggested and slipped into the kitchen, depositing her meager stack of mail onto the small kitchen table that took up half the space in the tiny area. "Do you want decaf or are you working again tonight and need the full force kind?" she asked, hiding her face in the fridge, afraid that he might see the anger in her eyes.

Those letters did it to her every time, she thought furiously. Why couldn't he just leave her alone? She didn't understand why he was calling her. Their only connection, her father, was firmly ensconced in his cottage style house on the edge of Sam's property. She knew they were friends but that didn't make Sam her friend. As a kid, she had idolized Sam, had followed him around like a puppy every summer while she tried to learn anything there was to know about horses and was always impressed when she came back each summer to see more progress on his ranch. He'd done well over the years and she'd considered him a very good friend when she visited her father each summer.

Until the dinners he'd taken her out to while she was away at college. The pictures of his lady loves in the newspapers the following nights also helped her get a grip on her rampaging infatuation she thought miserably, pulling cream out of the refrigerator since she knew David liked his coffee more brown than black.

Turning around, she almost dropped the cream when she saw what he was holding. "What are you doing?" she gasped, seeing him with the letters in his soft hands. All six of them.

"Why would you be getting letters from Sam Marchant?" he asked, a confused look on his face as he counted the unopened envelopes.

"Sam is my father's neighbor," she explained and turned away to dump coffee grounds in the coffee maker. "I have no idea what he wants."

David hesitated a moment as he looked down at the address on the envelopes. "There's a Sam Marchant that owns half of Texas as well as probably five other states. He's into just about every different kind of business around. Surely these letters aren't from the same guy," he stated, then his eyes glanced at the Texas return address and his expression became perplexed. And wary. "Are we talking about the same Sam Marchant?" he asked, almost whispering the name as if Sam might hear him from thousands of miles away.

Chloe gritted her teeth, her brown eyes sparkling with frustration. "Why does everyone refer to him in that manner? It isn't like he's royalty or anything like that."

David chuckled. "He might as well be. He's one of the richest men in the world." David was shaking his head. "And why would he be sending you a letter he wrote personally? A man like that probably has dozens of secretaries to do all of his administrative work."

Chloe shrugged, pretending like talking about Sam didn't make her stomach clench with fear and frustration. "I don't know. Why don't you ask him?"

He raised his eyebrows at her defensive response but she didn't see that, since she was concentrating on watching the coffee drip out of the coffee maker. "Why haven't you opened the letters?"

She tossed the spoon into the sink, cringing when it made a loud noise in the small apartment. "Because I don't like him. Whatever he has to say, he can..." she struggled to find words that wouldn't be too revealing. "Well, I just don't like him."

David laughed but she could see the surprise in his face. "What's not to like? From what the papers say, he's wealthy beyond description, charming, the press are always quoting him with his humorous little quips and," he took on a teasing voice as he said, "some women might think he's handsome."

"I don't," she said adamantly, then cringed slightly when she realized she might have been too loud in her refusal. "His hair is too dark, he's irritatingly tall and he throws his weight around like he's some sort of..." she struggled to find the right word, "jerk," she finished lamely.

Chloe really didn't want to talk about him. "As for his wealth, I think it's a little bit crass to wonder about someone's net worth, don't you think? Does he own half of Texas? Who knows? Probably half of the country but I'm not interested in keeping track of him or his material assets."

David wasn't relenting on the subject. "How can he be your father's next door neighbor? Doesn't he run businesses all over the world?"

She couldn't get him off the subject of the one person she hated talking about more than anyone else in the world. "David, I have no idea what he does or why he does it. Remember, I only lived in Texas during my summer breaks. All the rest of the time, I lived with my mom in Boston. My mom and dad never spoke after I was three years old, only communicating through lawyers. So what is in those letters, I have no idea. Nor will I ever know because I don't need to read them. I'm not interested."

David was obviously not convinced about the pointlessness of those letters. "Yeah, but Chloe, he sent them personally. I would think that one of the richest men in the world sending you something like that would arouse mild curiosity."

She turned back from him to pull two cups out of the cabinet. "Nope. I don't care about him. I don't trust him."

David choked on his response. "Don't trust him?" he parroted. "How can you not trust him? What on earth could be untrustworthy about the man? He's a financial genius. He made billionaire status about ten years ago from nothing," he explained, obviously in awe of the man. "Newspapers describe him as some kind of king of the financial jungle. He consults with governments before he moves his money because of the impact those kinds of changes could potentially make on their economies."

"Again," she said, becoming irritated with the subject, "what does this have to do with me?" she asked.

David just looked at her as if she'd grown a second and third head. He was so obviously horrified that she almost laughed. Almost. If it had been any other subject, she would have but Sam Marchant was not an amusing subject. "David, can we get back to our evening?" she coaxed, pouring him a cup of coffee with cream, just the way he liked it. "I don't think anything in those letters is important enough to ruin our night together."

She led him over to the loveseat, a sofa being too large to fit in her tiny apartment.

He allowed her to seat him, then turned to face her. "You're right," he said, a touch nervously. He took her coffee cup and placed it on the small table. Taking her hands in his, he put them on his shoulders.

Chloe watched with detached interest as David positioned her exactly as he wanted her. His head then slowly bent towards hers, his lips touching hers tentatively. When she didn't pull back, he increased the pressure, caressing her lips with a practiced touch.

Nothing, she thought to herself. She felt no excitement, no joy. Nothing at all.

Chloe opened her mouth, thinking that perhaps she just needed a more intensified version of his kiss. Her tongue touched his gently and his reaction was instantaneous. He groaned and pushed her backwards, his mouth pressing against hers, his tongue searching and exploring.

She tried to get into the kiss. She closed her eyes and desperately tried to get into the spirit of the moment. But all she felt was a mild irritation that his tongue was inside her mouth. In desperation, she increased the pressure, pushing her body against his and almost jerked back when she felt his erection against her body. She wasn't scared of it, she just didn't want to encourage him in that way.

But he noticed her reaction and pulled away slightly, moving his mouth to her neck. "Don't be afraid, Chloe," he groaned against her skin while she opened her eyes and stared at the ceiling. "It's just natural. We've been seeing each other for three months now and all you've allowed is a gentle kiss," he said, laughing almost to himself. "The fact that you're letting me touch you now makes me feel as if you're ready for the next step," he said, his hand moving from her back to her stomach, then slightly higher.

Reaching up, she pulled his hand away from its obvious path towards her breast, but didn't stop his mouth. Instead, she pressed harder, willing herself to feel something, to stop thinking and just let go.

When the knock sounded on her door, she almost sighed with relief. David sat up and looked around, dazed. "Who would be coming for a visit at this time of night?" he asked, frustration obvious in his glare as he pulled himself up to a sitting position.

Something about the impatient knock made Chloe wary. It couldn't possibly be....could it? Scoffing at her own silliness, she stood up and started walking to the door to answer it. It was just that they had been talking about Sam that he was on her mind. He wasn't standing beyond the door waiting for her, she mentally chided herself. He wouldn't fly all this way. The man was known for living on his ranch and rarely leaving it, forcing the rest of the world to come to him.

"It's probably just Suzanne. She had a hot date tonight and probably wants to share," Chloe forced herself to laugh. She was relieved to be out of his embrace but didn't want him to know that. Wishing it were so wouldn't make it, she told herself. If the past fifteen minutes had convinced her of anything, she accepted that she'd have to break up with David. He was too nice to waste his time on her when she didn't feel anything other than mild friendship toward him. She had to be fair and let him go out and find someone that could make him happy and return his feelings.

"Well, get rid of her so we can get back to our hot date," he teased as her hand settled on her door handle. Chloe glanced back at him, wondering if he could really be completely unaware of her lack of response to his kisses. When he wiggled his eyebrows at her, she knew that he was oblivious. Astonishingly, he had no idea that she felt nothing when he kissed her.

Her distraction over his comments made her forget to check through the peep hole before opening the door. If she had, she would never have opened it. As it was, she stood there, staring at the tall man blocking out the hallway lights with his enormous size.

Sam Marchant was here? In New York? What on earth? She closed her eyes and opened them again, hoping he would simply disappear. But he didn't. In fact, one dark eyebrow went up in amusement at her attempt and that's when Chloe knew he was real.

"Are you going to invite me in?" his deep voice asked. Instead of waiting, he simply pushed his way through the door, making Chloe plaster herself against the wall as he passed by since there wasn't enough space in the tiny hallway.

"What are you doing here?" she breathed, following behind him, her mind unable to figure out a way to circumvent his invasion into her precious sanctuary. Her only thought was to karate chop him somehow that would knock him out, then she could drag him to the door and kick it shut, with him on the other side.

The only problem with that little scenario was that, number one, she didn't know karate. And number two, if he fell onto the floor, he'd still be there when he woke up because the man was just too huge for her to drag. The top of her head barely reached his shoulder and he had muscles everywhere, adding bulk to his height. Not an ounce of fat, she noted silently. The man definitely kept in shape.

She arrived just in time for David to be rising from the loveseat, shock on his face as he registered who was now in front of him. "Sam Marchant?" David said, his voice filled with awe and reverence.

"Evenin'," Sam said, his Texas drawl making the word come out more lyrical than normal. He stuck out his hand. "And you are?" Sam asked.

Chloe was confused. Was that hostility in Sam's voice? Impossible, she told herself as she snuck around to stand beside David, wanting to show Sam that she'd moved on and he had no business coming here.

"Good grief," David was saying, shaking Sam's hand with embarrassing enthusiasm. "Chloe and I were just talking about you earlier."

Sam looked down at Chloe, his expression unreadable. "Is that right?" he asked when she started squirming under his intense gaze. "What was the conversation about?" he asked.

"The letters," David said, pointing lamely towards the counter where they were now neatly stacked.

"Nothing," Chloe said at the same time, hoping to find out what Sam wanted and get him out of her apartment. She'd always thought it was tiny but with Sam in it, his broad shoulders and enormous height seemed to take up all the remaining space. He overwhelmed her with his presence and made her feel uncomfortable, irritated. "Sam, what can I do for you? I know you're extremely busy and probably have to get back to Texas quickly, don't you?"

"We have business to discuss." He glanced at David and continued, "Privately."

Chloe hated the way his voice felt on her skin. It was like liquid chocolate, melting and taking her breath away. Shaking her head, she said, "Sam, I don't know what it is, but David and I have no secrets from each other."

Sam's gaze slid away from hers and focused on David who quickly got the message. "Um...Chloe," he said, obviously nervous of Sam's intimidating gaze, not to mention the seemingly threatening body language, "I'll just call you tomorrow." He quickly picked up his coat from the chair where he'd thrown in earlier. "You obviously have things to discuss and I'll just be in the way." He bent down to peck her cheek, then hurried out the door.

As soon as the door closed, Sam pulled off his coat, then turned to face her, his arms crossed over his massive chest. "You've been ignoring me, Chloe," he said. His voice was calm, soft even, but she heard the note of steel in his tone. He was reprimanding her and she bristled at the implication.

"Yes. I have," she said, and because she needed something to do with her hands, she picked up the two cups of barely touched coffee and carried them to the kitchen, dumping the contents down the sink.

"Why?" he asked.

She shrugged, not willing to turn back to face him so she dumped the coffee from the pot down the drain as well, hoping he'd get the message that he wasn't welcome here.

"You didn't read any of my letters," he said and it was a statement, not a question. Chloe then realized that David had probably left the letters on the counter instead of tucked into her stack of papers she kept on the corner. Glancing behind her, sure enough, Sam had all of his unopened letters in his large, dark hand.

Trying to feign indifference, she shrugged her shoulders. "I haven't gotten around to them yet. Are they important?"

"And my phone calls?" he asked, pressing the button on her answering machine. Instantly, his voice came through the speakers and Chloe almost groaned as she heard his voice explain that he'd be coming into town to talk with her. If she'd only listened to his message, she could have been gone tonight. And all the other times he tried to contact her.

Accepting defeat, she leaned back against the kitchen sink and crossed her arms over her chest. She couldn't quite force herself to look at his face, so she let her eyes rest on his chin. "Okay, so I haven't opened the mail and I haven't listened to your messages. I know it was rude but I didn't think there was anything important enough to bother. I spoke to my father two weeks ago and he's fine," she said, irritated at the lump that formed in her throat at how much she missed him, "so there's really nothing more for us to discuss."

"Except that he's not fine as of ten days ago. He fell off the roof of his stable and broke his leg," he said casually. "Go pack a bag, Chloe. My plane is standing by and you're coming with me."

"What?" she squeaked, her body instantly tense, her mind terrified of the words he'd just spoken. "Why didn't he call me and say something? I should have been there. Is he okay now? What was he doing on the roof?" she demanded.

His face was completely devoid of humor as she squirmed under his direct, intense gaze. "He's fine now but he couldn't get to a phone for a long time so he was out in the elements. I went over to talk with him about something the afternoon it happened but he'd already been on the ground for several hours out in the rain."

That stunned her. "No!" she denied, already feeling horribly guilty for not answering his calls now. Why hadn't her father called her himself? He should have let her know!

Chloe couldn't believe her ears. She felt as if she were in some sort of dream world with a wicked, teasing twist. "Of course I'll come back to take care of him. Why didn't he call and tell me himself?"

"Because he didn't want you to worry. You're father has a great deal of pride and he doesn't want to rely on me to get him through this. I owe him though so I'm not going to let anything happen to him."

"Does he have any horses housed in the stable right now?"

"Yes. And you'd know that if you'd just opened my letters."

She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Horses. She loved riding. Besides being with her father and seeing Sam each summer, riding the horses he'd raised had been the best part of her summers with him in Texas. She'd go out early each morning and ride through the plains, watching the sun rise as she cantered along the tall, early summer grasses that quickly faded to crackling straw by the end of the summer.

"He really has some horses to ride at his ranch?" she asked, a smile breaking out on her face as the news broke through her disbelief.

Sam's arms crossed over his chest once again and, instead of answering her, he simply raised his dark eyebrow as if to say that she shouldn't ever question his word.

Sam watched as Chloe came to terms with the fact that she now had a great deal of responsibility. Now he just had to get her back to Texas and get her settled. Getting her there wouldn't be a problem, he thought. Keeping her there...well, that's going to be the trick.

Glancing at his watch, he pushed away from the wall, assuming he'd given her enough time to absorb this latest news. "Go pack a bag, Chloe. We need to get airborne before midnight. Otherwise, you'll be dead on your feet in the morning and too tired to see your horses.

"Bag?" she asked. "Pack?" She blinked and looked at him. "I can't leave here. My father will have to come up to New York to recover," she said.

"No, you're coming back to Texas," he countered, as if that were the most obvious thing in the world.

She shook her head, knowing that she'd be fired if she left for a vacation without notice. "I can't. My agency is in the middle of a huge ad campaign. They won't let me go right now. I'll be terminated and they'll replace me with someone else. This is New York, Sam. The competition is fierce for my kind of job."

His face showed no irritation at her words. "I've already spoken to your agency and they've approved unlimited time off for you starting immediately. Any other objections?"

She was stunned. "How did you get them to do that?" she asked, horrified that he'd already contacted someone in her office. But then she thought about it and knew that he probably hadn't called anyone. He simply had one of his minions call and arrange for her vacation time.

Putting his palms flat on her counter, he leaned forward, his impatience showing in his tone and body language. "I spoke to Manny Peterson about an hour ago. He personally will speak to your supervisor and get a replacement in for you but assured me that your job will be waiting for you whenever you get back." He leaned imperceptivity closer on counter. "Are you going to pack a bag? Or am I going to do it for you?"

That snapped her out of her dreamy haze. "You spoke to Mr. Peterson?" she gasped. "He's the owner of the agency!"

"He got the job done." Instead of asking again, he simply walked through the only other door in her small apartment.

Chloe had no idea what he was doing but she followed him in. He was so tall and huge, he looked like a fierce lion in her ultra feminine bedroom with the soft pink, cottage rose comforter and delicate pillows. Her room was done in shades of off-white and pale rose in the shabby chic style that she loved. But his presence in her room terrified her. It was almost like he was learning all of her deepest secrets, just by standing in her bedroom.

"Sam, what do you think you're doing?" she demanded, standing behind him as he opened her closet door. She would have pulled him away except for the same reasons she didn't do the karate-chop-drag thing earlier; he was huge and probably nothing she did would get him out of there until he was ready to leave. But more importantly, she was too afraid to touch him. Sam had been too large a figure in her life and any increased awareness of him would be very, very bad.

"Sam, get out of my clothes," she squeaked, embarrassed to have him see her clothes hanging in her closet. It seemed much too intimate for her peace of mind.

He ignored her, his large hand going through the dresses, picking out a red one that she'd never worn before, had bought spur of the moment last year but thought it was too risque to actually be worn in public. It still had the tags on it since she'd always intended to return it, but never got around to it. He turned to face her, holding the red dress up a few inches from her. With a mysterious look in his eyes, he looked from the dress, to her flushed face, then smiled wickedly and nodded. He tossed that one on the bed, then turned back to the closet and rummaged through her other clothes. A few moments later, a black crepe dress she'd worn to a Christmas party the previous year joined the red one as well as a navy blue wrap around dress and a white summer dress.

Seeing the growing pile of dresses on her bed, she clenched her fists at her sides. "Sam! Get out of my bedroom," she almost yelled.

Again, he ignored her and simply pulled her suitcase out of the bottom of her closet. He walked over to the bed and opened it, putting the clothes into the suitcase. "Sam! I'm not going anywhere with you," she said, standing in front of her closet in the hope that he wouldn't go through her clothes anymore.

He walked back to the closet and didn't even hesitate. He simply picked her up with one of his massive arms, held her against his side while he went through the rest of her clothes, rejecting all of them. "Where are your jeans?" he asked, easily holding her wiggling body against him.

Straining against the heat flowing against her body wherever it touched his, she gritted her teeth, terrified of what she was now feeling. "I'm not telling you! Now put me down!" She pushed against his shoulders but he didn't even flinch at the pressure. Eventually, he did put her down and as soon as she was free, she scrambled backwards several feet, crossing her arms across herself defensively. "Do you treat all your women like some sort of caveman?"

He smiled slightly as he walked over to her dresser. "Are you telling me you consider yourself one of my women?" he asked as he pulled open the first drawer.

Chloe gasped in horror as she watched his long, dark fingers sift through her underwear. "Sam! Get out of that drawer!" she snapped, her face turning bright red in the dim light of her bedroom.

He almost chuckled. "Darlin'," he drawled, "As much as I like the idea of 'my women' going around without underwear, it might get a little uncomfortable while riding Nutmeg. She's feisty." He held up a pair of black thong underwear, smiled slightly, then tossed them on top of the neatly folded dresses already in her suitcase. "You surprise me, Chloe," he said as he pulled out several of her more sexy underwear, ignoring the milder, softer cotton briefs she usually wore. The sexy stuff was bought spur of the moment but wasn't her daily preference. At the last minute, he tossed the white cotton underwear on top but he didn't give them as much respect as her lace underwear had received. "Makes me wonder what's underneath those boring slacks," he said, his gaze dropping to her tailored navy blue slacks.

Chloe gasped at this insult and glanced down at her trim, blue slacks that she'd chosen to wear that day. They weren't exciting, she knew, but they were well made and fit her nicely, projecting a professional, competent image. "What's wrong with these slacks?" she demanded, hands on her hips. "They're very neat and tailored."

"They're not very sexy," he said, opening up the next drawer.

She wished she could run over and slam the drawer shut as his fingers pulled out one lacy bra after another. She might wear cotton underwear on a normal basis but her bras were all very pretty and sexy. She loved having that kind of secret underneath her conservative business suits. But now, seeing his fingers draped in black and barely-there lace, she wished desperately that she'd only purchased boring white cotton bras. Covering her face with her hands in embarrassment, she groaned as he chuckled at her discomfort. "Makes me wonder what color you're wearing now," he said softly, his eyes drifting from her red face to her breasts. Chloe wished her body hadn't betrayed her, but she knew by his smile that her nipples were now hard little points jutting against the soft silk of her shirt.

"Get out!" she yelled, uncaring about her red face as her hands dropped to form fists at her sides. "Just get out of here!"

He completely ignored her and moved on to the next drawer, finally finding her jeans neatly stacked with some khaki underneath. She had several pairs of jeans, all well-worn and comfortable. He didn't comment but tossed all of them into the suitcase, then opened the next drawer, finding her casual shirts. He simply scooped them all up and tossed them into the suitcase.

Turning back to her, he said, "Are you going to get your makeup or am I going to do that as well?"

She couldn't believe his arrogance and wished she could kick him. Hard. "Sam! I am not going to Texas with you. You might be able to push the rest of the world around but I'm not one of those people. So you can just forget it." She crossed her arms over her chest and glared at him, daring him.

She should have known better. He took up the dare and walked into her bathroom. Instead of trying to figure out what she needed, he simply started throwing each of her toiletries into the suitcase. One after the other, she saw the missiles fly from her bathroom to the suitcase, not a single one missing the target. Shampoo, conditioner, mascara, ten different colors of lipstick - she really liked having lots of colors to choose from - hair brush, comb, hair spray... one after another, they all landed with a soft thump on top of her clothes. When her bathroom was empty, he walked out and zipped it shut.

Then he straightened and walked over to where she was fuming. He stopped less than an inch from her, looking down into her furious face. "If you need anything else, you'd better get it now because we won't be back for a while."

She couldn't help taking a step backwards but the wall of her bedroom stopped further retreat. "Sam, you're not going to kidnap me. Just get out of my apartment right now!" Why she kept making that command was beyond her since he repeatedly ignored her, but she kept thinking eventually he'd get the message.

In response, he shook his head and tossed her over his shoulder. With a squeak, she realized that her head was leaning against his back and he had one hand on her bottom to steady her. Fire roared through her system at his touch and she could barely speak as he pocketed her keys that had been left on the counter, then grabbed her suitcase and purse, before walking down the hallway.

Three minutes later, he dumped her in the passenger seat of a powerful black car and stored her suitcase in the back of the trunk. Seeing her chance, she stepped out of the car and got back up onto the sidewalk. "Sam Marchant, you give me my keys right now or I'm going to call the police!"

In response, he slowly walked over to her, standing less than an inch from her, trapping her between the car and his large, masculine body. "Chloe, you're pretty stubborn but I've got news for you, darlin'," he replied as one of his calloused fingers caressed her cheek gently, "I'm worse. If you'd just relax, we could get this business out of the way and be done with it. Stop fighting me and everything will be fine."

She could barely think with him this close but she wasn't going to let him know that. But she was completely flustered and trying to hide it. She could only react and she hated the way her body burned when he touched her. She resented the power he had over her. Especially since she knew that other women, women who were much more beautiful and confident than her, were probably sharing his bed. She couldn't compete with them and didn't want him to think she even wanted to.

"Sam, don't do this to me," she whispered, her eyes looking away but since he was so huge, so muscular, she had to strain to look to the right or left. Instead, she looked straight ahead, which meant she was looking directly at the button on the middle of his jacket. "I'll catch a flight down this weekend. I'll see what's going on with my father and his ranch and you don't have to worry about this at all." She accidentally looked up at his face when she finished speaking, hoping, praying that her words would make a difference and she'd be released.

Unfortunately, looking up at his face was a bad mistake. His smile made her heart flutter frantically. "Worry? I'd hardly call what I'm feeling right now worrying but that's beside the point. Regardless, there's no need to wait for this weekend. I have my plane standing by at the airport, you're packed and we're leaving. Now what do I have to do to get you into that car?"

"You can't..." she started to say but then his mouth covered hers and she couldn't think anymore much less speak.

And damn him! This kiss was nothing like the one she'd shared with David earlier in the evening. This was fire and ice and everything in between. His lips were hot, demanding, not asking for permission but forcing her mouth open so his tongue could mate with hers. And unlike earlier with David, she didn't have to pretend. She was melting, literally unable to pull her body away from his. It was like he was a magnet and her whole body was molten steel and she couldn't deny the physical force that was pulling her body against his. She felt his hands settle against her, one on her back, the other holding the back of her head, angling it so he could deepen the kiss.

When he was sure she wouldn't pull away, the hand holding her head moved downward and suddenly, she was lifted against the car, her hips cradling him as he wedged his knee between her legs.

Her whole body was trembling and her arms were no longer passive. They were in his hair, gripping the soft, black strands as if letting go might loosen the intensity of the kiss. Each time he lifted his head to angle another way, nibble on her lip, then come back for more, she inhaled deeply, her body desperate for air but unwilling to pull away herself and get it.

Her hips, moving of their own accord, lifted, cradling him more intimately, feeling the pressure of his erection. If Chloe had been able to move, her head would have fallen backwards against the hood of the truck. Such was the intensity of the feelings his body was having against hers. She'd kissed and made out with boys in the past, but none had even come close to comparing to the way Sam could make her feel. She couldn't think, couldn't move except to shift restlessly against him, needing something she didn't really understand.

And then he was gone. Just as suddenly as he kissed her, he pulled free, letting her slide down to the ground again. His hands on her back pulled her close, but only so he could open the car door and settle her kiss drugged body into the passenger seat, strapping the seat belt across her for safety.

In a daze she watched him walk around the hood of the car, then settle his large frame next to hers. And he was driving off before she could react, before she even realized she should be jumping out of the car, screaming and hiding in some place safe, where he couldn't get to her anymore.

He didn't pause until they reached the airport and Chloe gritted her teeth in frustration when several security guards simply waved his car through the gates. She realized that basically no one could stop this man, especially not her.

When they parked on the tarmac, he turned off the engine and turned to face her. "Am I going to have as much trouble getting you on that plane as I did getting you into this car?" he asked softly, the lights from the airport shining through.

Chloe refused to look at him, she was still so angry and embarrassed. "Leave me alone, Sam," she said and yanked open the passenger seat door. She stepped out, more furious when she heard his deep chuckle come across the soft leather seats.

"Pity," was all he said as he got out of the car himself and followed her onto the plane.

Chloe stomped up the metal stairs, irritated beyond anything she'd ever felt in her life. She tried to smile at the stewardess who greeted her, but she was afraid her response was more of a growl than a polite reply.

Sitting down in one of the luxurious leather seats, she stared out the window, refusing to even speak to Sam as he boarded and nodded politely to the flight attendant. The woman practically gushed at him as he took his seat opposite her. He declined the offer of refreshment and simply told her that they could take off immediately.

Chloe wished she could tell him that they had to wait in line like the rest of the world, but apparently that wasn't the case. She heard the pilot call on the radio to the air traffic controllers who immediately gave the plane containing the great Sam Marchant right of way. They were airborne literally minutes after he boarded. And moments after that, his phone was ringing and he was busy working on some sort of multi million dollar deal, spouting numbers that were incomprehensible to her mind.

Since it was already late to begin with, and adding into the mix her overwrought emotions, it was no wonder that Chloe's eyes started to droop. She fought her exhaustion for only a few minutes before giving in to the lure of sleeplessness. She didn't feel the back of her chair being lowered, or the bottom of her chair being raised so it was more of a bed than a chair. And when the soft blanket was draped over her, she could only snuggle closer to the welcome warmth.

A long time later, Sam turned off his cell phone and leaned back in the leather chair, content to simply stare at Chloe and consider the evening. She was here, but damn if his body wasn't protesting the lack of her body snuggled against his. His erection had started the moment he'd walked into her apartment and had only intensified with that kiss. He remembered that kiss by the car and almost cursed.

She was his responsibility. He'd promised her father that he'd take care of her, get her out of that horrible job and get her back to Texas where he thought she belonged. Chloe's father, Jim, had his plan all worked out. What Jim hadn't anticipated was the independent pride and stubbornness his daughter had inherited.

Sam had to agree that, from the letters she'd written over the past few years, Chloe sounded miserable working for the advertising agency in New York. But all the insight he had was through her father which, by its very nature, was tainted. The dark circles under her eyes and the miniscule apartment she lived in would add credence to Jim's opinion, but who knew what was going on in Chloe's mind? She was a beautiful woman with her soft brown hair his hands were aching to feel once again and that soft, peach like skin with a healthy glow. Her gorgeous complexion was noticeable now that her eyes were closed but when they were open, no one noticed anything but her stunning brown eyes with their cat-like slant.

When Chloe looked at him, it felt like he'd been punched in the gut and all he wanted to do was to kiss her so she was as crazy as he always felt around her.

He liked looking at her and with her eyes closed in sleep, he fed his hungry eyes on her soft, full lips, her perfect skin and unbelievably long lashes. He'd taken the pins out of her hair and the long, brown tresses were draped over her shoulder, curling around the full breast underneath the cream silk blouse.

He wanted her. Painfully. And after that explosive kiss in the parking lot, he knew that she wanted him as well. He'd have to work slowly though. Take it carefully. She seemed to be a little spitfire but he didn't mind that at all. As long as all that passion and anger were directed at him.

He frowned, remembering the shorter man he'd found in her apartment earlier. As soon as he'd seen the man, Sam had wanted to smash his face in. Controlling the rage that someone was touching his Chloe, and he acknowledged to himself that that was the way he'd always thought of her ever since he'd seen her in college, he tamped down the jealousy. At eighteen, she'd been way too young for him. She'd needed to go out into the world, find out what she liked and disliked and then, when she was older, he'd try those waters again and see if she was still interested. He hadn't been able to resist seeing her every few months though. He'd taken her out to dinner, watched her laughed and made sure she was okay.

He'd said it was for her father, to check in on her and report back to him but that had been an outright lie. He'd wanted to see for himself, to feast his eyes on her beauty and hear the excitement in her voice as she'd talked about her classes and the activities she'd been enjoying.

And then she'd stopped accepting his dinner invitations. At first, he'd thought perhaps she was too busy, but the past few years, he'd wondered if perhaps she'd found a man she could fall in love with. He'd tried to leave her alone, to find out for herself how life worked.

But when her father reported that she hadn't been dating anyone consistently and she sounded so miserable in her job, Sam had decided that enough was enough. If her father's accident hadn't happened, he would have found some way to get her back to Texas.

And now she was grown up. She'd gone to college, she'd dated despite the fury that made him feel, and she'd experienced enough of life to be able to make an informed decision. He definitely wasn't going to give up this opportunity with her. And he'd make sure to use every possible advantage he had. Eventually, she'd end up exactly where he wanted her. In his bed right next to him and letting tonight's kind of kiss end in a more satisfactory manner.

Chloe heard the soothing sounds but ignored them. She didn't want to wake up. Her body was still aching with the need for more sleep so she wiggled into the warmth, sighing with pleasure and let her mind drift back to the dream she'd been having moments earlier.

It was a lovely dream. She was racing across the Texas snow, her strong horse plowing through the cold and snow while Sam chased her on his horse. And since his stallion was more than anything she'd ever be able to outrun, he eventually caught her, pulled her off her saddle into his strong embrace and kissed her senseless.

Something niggled in her mind, but she was so warm, so content, she wouldn't let herself wake up.

Sam sighed heavily, accepting that Chloe was too tired to actually wake up right at the moment. He grinned at the idea of having her in his arms again, even if she was sleeping.

Sam groaned as he lifted her into his arms. It wasn't her weight. She barely weighed more than a bale of hay. But the way she snuggled into his arms, as if she were content to just be there forever, made his body start aching again with the need to possess her, put his claim on her and feel her voluptuous curves against his body.

Her soft sighs against his chest were almost his undoing but he controlled his desire for her by placing her in the leather seat of his truck. Getting her back to the house took less than fifteen minutes since he'd built an air strip on the edge of his ranch for easier access. The other option was an hour's drive to Dallas and he preferred not making that trip whenever he needed to get somewhere.

His staff had called ahead to alert Jessy, his housekeeper, that he'd be arriving and with Chloe. Despite his reply that Jessy should get to bed, she'd already made up one of the guest rooms for Chloe. He shouldered the door open, then laid her down on the bed. The sheets and down comforter had already been pulled back.

For several moments, Sam considered being a gentleman and just pulling her shoes off, then covering her up with the comforter. But he knew deep in his heart that she would be more comfortable if she didn't have those slacks on so he deftly unbuttoned the waist line and slid them off.

If he stared at her long, smooth legs a bit longer than necessary, he was a man who appreciated a woman and Chloe was everything a man could want. She wasn't too thin, nor at all fat. She was just perfect with a little butt covered in white cotton that should be a turn off but just made him more painfully erect and throbbing. There was just something off-handed sexy about a woman wearing cotton underwear. Not that he would mind a little lace or satin, he thought as he pulled the covers up, gritting his teeth in the process.

He thought about pulling her sweater off but thought the slacks would be enough. He was a gentleman, after all, even if he'd fallen slightly with those legs.

Chapter 2

The sun was shining on Chloe's face, warming her body and making her feel better than she had in a long time. She stretched, feeling unusually comfortable and warm for some reason. Normally her apartment was freezing in the winter because she had to turn down the heat in order to afford the electric bill, but also because the windows in her building were at least fifty years old and were little better than a screen in keeping the cold air out. Rolling over, she pulled the abnormally soft pillow closer while her sluggish mind worked out the mysterious details, wondering what was different about this morning from all the other mornings recently. Something was nudging her and she tried to push the hand away, scowling in her sleep before burying her head deeper into the pillows.

"Come on, darlin'," Sam's deep voice said from right next to her. "You need to wake up and come see your dad. He's been chompin' at the bit to get a hug from you and he's too laid up still to come up the stairs. You're gonna have to go to him."

She suddenly felt the bed shift as he sat down next to her hip. "The sun's been up for hours now. Here's coffee. Meet me downstairs in half an hour and I'll show you where you're dad has been sleeping. Wear jeans," he said as she sat up quickly and looked around, trying to get her bearings. Sam had no mercy for her confused brain. He was walking towards her suitcase and pulling out a pair of jeans and a red, turtleneck sweater before she realized that he'd already deposited a cup of coffee in one of her hands while she tried to hold the sheet against her chest with the other.

She blinked quickly, her eyes looking around as she tried to figure out where she was. Her mind slowly started working and the night before came back to her, piece by piece. She wished she could just bury her head underneath the covers and never come out when she remembered her reaction to his kiss.

The deep chuckle made her grit her teeth. "Don't worry. Nothing can be that bad," Sam said, pushing away from the dresser and walking back to the bedroom doorway. "Get dressed, honey," he said. "Just follow the smell of Jessy's cooking to the kitchen," and he disappeared as the door closed behind him.

Chloe looked around. The bedroom was beautiful, done in soft shades of pink with the same shabby country style as her own bedroom, but the furnishings were obviously much more expensive. The sheets under her fingers felt like silk but they were just extremely fine combed cotton and the comforter was thick and fluffy with down, unlike her own polyester comforter that offered little warmth during the coldest winter months.

Her hand was warm as she held the coffee so she took a sip, hoping the caffeine would jump start her brain. She sat back against the pillows, letting the coffee seep into her bloodstream. Okay, it was coming back to her now. Her father was hurt, he couldn't fly up to New York, her job was on hold, Sam had...she skipped that part about the kiss....the last thing she remembered was watching Sam as he discussed something on his cell phone. Everything after that was a blank. Lots of warmth, but no specific memory.

She looked down and noticed that her slacks were neatly folded on the opposite side of the bed but her silk blouse was still on. That was something at least. Her shoes were to the side of the bed, she noted as her eyes moved about the room.

A shower. That would definitely clear out the rest of the cobwebs. She slid out of the bed, carrying the coffee with her into the gorgeously appointed bathroom with yellow walls and white marble everywhere else.

Fifteen minutes later, she felt significantly better. As she dressed then applied mascara and a bit more makeup than normal, she felt more confident and in control. For work, she would pull her hair back but today she decided that just blowing it dry so it was soft and fluffy would be a better choice. It had nothing to do with wanting to show Sam that she was a woman now and not a kid who used to run around the ranch during the summer months, or a college student to be humored as she gushed on and on about her art classes.

Twitching her bangs into place and dabbing her lipstick slightly, she hoped that Sam would treat her a bit differently.

No! She didn't care how Sam treated her. He was the past! He wanted the more sophisticated kind of woman, someone she could never be. The women in those pictures all those years ago were brittle, hard looking and so thin it looked as if they ate maybe one or two pieces of fruit a day.

This was who she was, she told her reflection in the mirror. He hadn't wanted it before, he won't want it now and she'd be so much better off to just accept that fact. Mooning after Sam was pointless and heartbreaking.

Walking downstairs, she followed his instructions and simply followed the smell of breakfast. It was a huge house but the smell of bacon and hot, pungent coffee drifted through the air. By the time she found the enormous kitchen, Chloe's mouth was watering hungrily.

"Good morning, miss," an elderly lady said from the stove. "You must be Chloe," she said, wiping her hands on her apron as she walked across the ceramic floors. "I'm Jessy," she explained, extending her hand. "You're dad just went back to bed for a rest, silly old coot. He'd been up since dawn trying to give me orders but he learned that wasn't going to work very well. I'll make sure he's awake after your breakfast."

Jessy bustled over to the oven to peek inside, then closed it with a satisfied look in her face. "You just sit down over there and get yourself settled. I can't believe you've finally arrived," she said and made her way back to the stove and pulled out a plate with a dishtowel. "I'm guessing by your presence here this morning that the old goat didn't give you any choice this time, eh?" she snickered. "He can be pretty convincing when he wants to be, can't he?" she asked, setting a plate down at one of the kitchen chairs.

Chloe sat down in the chair offered to her, staring at the huge pile of food in astonishment. Did the woman expect her to eat all of this? There was a mountain of scrambled eggs, five pieces of bacon and four pieces of toast already buttered. A moment later, a tray of honey, strawberry and blackberry jam, more butter and some orange marmalade was set by the warm plate and a cup of coffee on the other side.

"Eat up, darling," she said and hustled back to the cooking area. "You don't want to let them eggs get cold. Nothing worse than to start off the day with disgusting eggs, in my mind," she continued. Jessy rattled on, chatting about the weather, the horses, the problems that have been happening on the ranch over the past few weeks. Chloe ate until her stomach was painfully full, not wanting to offend the obviously warm hearted woman but when she couldn't eat another bite, she knew that it didn't look like she'd made a dent in her food.

At that moment, Sam walked in, slapping his Stetson against one jean clad leg. "Aren't you going to eat?" he asked, pulling off his suede coat and draping it against one of the chairs. "You need to have something because its going to be a long day," he explained a moment before he walked over to Jessy and hugged her, nuzzling her on her neck until she laughed and swatted him on the butt with her dishrag.

"Get going with you," she admonished but Chloe could see how happy she was. She had a glow about her and shook her head at Sam's antics.

Sam poured himself a cup of coffee, then came back to the table, leaning against the wall to watch her. "Hurry up, darlin'. Your dad wants to see you and then I'll take you out to introduce you to the horses. We have several new ones that you're really going to love."

Chloe blinked and looked back down at her plate. "I've had enough," she said and slid out of the chair, picking up the still full plate. "Jessy, thank you so much. This was delicious but I'm just not able to do it justice."

Jessy looked at her plate and shook her head. "You're just too skinny. We'll have to do something about that and quick because you won't make it through the winter, all skin and bones like that."

Chloe looked down at herself, wondering what Jessy was referring to. Chloe was constantly fighting a battle with her weight, wishing she could lose just another five or ten pounds. In confusion, she looked over at Sam and her face turned red once again when she saw the admiration in his gaze. He was looking at her legs, traveling slowly up until his green eyes rested on her blue ones, amusement lingering in their crystal-like depths.

"I...." she started to say, but the words wouldn't form. She tried again. "Sam, I can't stay here long. I have to get back to New York. I know I can convince my father to join me. He'd love New York once he lets me show him around."

"Why do you want to get back to work so quickly? You just got here." he asked, and pulled his coat back on, setting the half empty cup of coffee on the counter.

Chloe sighed, exasperated. "Because I have a life!" she almost shouted. "I have a boyfriend, a job, friends. I need to get back. Once my father is more mobile, he and I will both be out of your hair."

"Go say hello to your father, then get your coat," was all he said, ignoring her comment about how she had to get back.

Chloe smothered her anger, her hands fisting on her hips. "I don't have a coat," she snapped. "You didn't pack one for me." She didn't want to argue with him any more since he didn't argue back. He simply laid down his law and that was that.

So she turned on her heel and left the kitchen, ignoring the deep chuckle from behind her.

She found her father in the downstairs bedroom and was relieved that he was awake.

"Dad!" she gushed and raced across the large, sun filled room to throw her arms around him. "Why didn't you call and tell me you were hurt? I can't believe you let me go on as if nothing had happened while you were laid up like this."

"Sam said he'd get you here, and here you are," he replied as if that made all the sense in the world.

"But you should have called me."

He laughed and made room for her on the bed. "At first, I was too wiped out from the pain killers so Sam said he'd call. Then, when you wouldn't return his calls, I started to worry so he called your office to make sure you were okay. When he found out you were good to go, he wrote you a letter and had it messengered." Her father chuckled and patted her hand. "I had no idea you were such a hard little lady to get in touch with. You must be having more fun up there in New York than I thought if you didn't have time to answer your calls or letters."

Chloe felt horrible because she didn't really have a good life. She worked so many hours that she rarely had time to go out and meet with her friends. The biggest social event of her daily routine was her morning run where she spotted generally the same people in the park. Although she didn't know their names, it gave her a sense of security to know they were there at the same time she was each morning.

"Everything is going great in New York. No need to worry, dad."

"I worry," he grunted, knowing she was lying but not sure why. He knew his daughter too well and when she couldn't hold his gaze, something was going on.

He didn't push her for the moment, deciding to find out the truth a bit later on. Instead, he explained his medical issue, assured her that he was mending just fine, then they talked about life in general for about an hour. When Chloe saw his eyes start to droop, she knew he needed to sleep again and promised him she'd be back later in the day.

"Sam's taking care of some horses I was watching for the neighbors. You're going to help him out, right?"

"Of course dad. Don't worry about anything."

She kissed his forehead, tucked the blanket around his shoulders, and then tiptoed out of the room.

She found Sam in the great room, reading some papers and sipping coffee. His coat was next to him and he stood up when she walked in.

"Ready to go?"

"Dad said there are some horses that need some help?"

He nodded and pulled his coat on. "They're beauties. You're going to love them."

"I need to head into town and get a coat. Remember?"

"No need."

"Are you kidding? Its twenty degrees out there. I can't take care of those horses without a coat."

Sam's mouth turned up in the corners in what she suspected was a smile but he turned and headed to the back of the kitchen, returning moments later with a large leather coat. "How's this one?" he asked, handing her the thick, wool lined coat.

Chloe eyed the coat, noting it was obviously a woman's winter coat. Instant, red hot jealousy flared up inside her and she almost stomped her foot at the emotion. "I'm not wearing your girlfriend's coat, Sam. You can just dump that back into whatever closet it came from!"

Sam continued walking toward her, his eyes still lit with amusement. "Girlfriend?" he chuckled. "Now why would you automatically assume this was a girlfriend's coat? Don't you think that all my women leave with whatever they came here in?"

Chloe took a step back and scowled at him. "I don't care what they arrive in or leave without. But I'm not wearing they're castoffs."

Sam laughed outright now. "Soothe your ruffled feathers, beautiful," he said and trapped her between his large body in front of her while he swung the coat over her shoulders. She would have ducked out of the soft leather, but his hands were faster and they steadied her on her waist. "The coat is one of my sister's. She lives in California with her husband and two kids but she leaves some clothes here for convenience."

Chloe felt her face flame red once again. "This is Sylvia's coat?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper.

"Yep."

"Oh," she whispered.

"Yeah," he chuckled. "And just for the record," he said, his voice soft and husky as he bent down close to her ear, "You're not very interested in that guy I saw at your place last night."

Chloe stepped out of his arms, glaring at him. "What do you know about my relationship with David?" she demanded. "I care about him a great deal. He's very nice and a gentleman."

The grin was slow and wicked as he bent even lower. "Ah, but you see," he said, his body crowding hers against the table while his hands braced against the chairs, forcing her to lean back or have his chest touch hers, "if you'd really been interested in him as a man, you wouldn't have been wearing the white cotton underwear, now would you?" he asked, a wicked gleam entering his eyes.

When the meaning of his words hit her, that he'd been the one to undress her and, therefore he knew what color underwear she'd been wearing, her face turned beet red with humiliation. "Ah!" she growled, pushing with all of her might against his massive chest. He let her go, but only because he was laughing so hard at her expression. The male laughter followed her out of the house as she stomped through the side door, slamming it behind her in an effort to get away from the obnoxious man.

She couldn't believe she was stuck in this horrible place. Her date had been interrupted, - and she wasn't going to admit now that she had been relieved by the ringing of the doorbell at the time - her home invaded, her clothes invaded - especially her underwear, then she'd been kidnapped and her clothes taken off. All at the hands of that irritating, disgusting, okay well, she couldn't really call him disgusting since he was a truly attractive man, but odious, obnoxious, irritating, obstinate, ungentlemanly and all those other awful adjectives - could definitely be applied to Sam Marchant. And she wanted to kick him, beat him up and tie him to some fence pole where no one would see him but the cows.

Maybe, if she were lucky, he might even get gored by a bull or something icky like that, she thought with relish as she followed the path down to the stable. At least she suspected it was a stable. There were about five, large buildings that looked like they might hold horses or some sort of cattle but they didn't look like the traditional stable-like edifice. They were too new, in the first place. She'd always thought of stables as red, with white trim that criss-crossed over the doors.

These buildings were tan and new and looked much sturdier than any stable she'd ever seen but she could see fencing around them so she drew the conclusion that the fences were used to keep cattle close by, ergo, the buildings were most likely stables.

She was pretty proud of her deductions but when she was about fifty feet from the house, the man she wasn't speaking to, wasn't even looking at for the rest of her life if she could manage it, strode up to her, easily keeping pace with her shorter stride. He still chuckled occasionally which meant that her mind frantically worked on other scenarios that caused him bodily damage or crushing humiliation. Both if she could come up with a good idea but so far her mind could only think of tripping him or stomping on his foot, both of which would probably endanger her more than him so her plans were inadequate.

When she kept walking in the direction of the smallest of the buildings, he eventually steered her towards the middle building. She wished she could pull her arm away from him, but as they neared the fenced area, the path became more narrow. Which meant that pulling her arm free would mean she'd probably smack it into the metal fence. She wasn't into hurting herself, so she simply gritted her teeth and endured his touch.

Well, endure isn't quite the appropriate word, she thought to herself. His touch wasn't horrible, which was the main problem. She liked it. Too much. His large hands, even through the thick leather coat, made her tremble with excitement.

A moment later, she wished she could control her mind more effectively. Instead of thinking of horrible, blood-letting or bruising punishments for her humiliation at his hands, she was wondering what it would be like to feel his hand against her skin, without the leather or sweater hindering his touch. She wanted to know what it would feel like if he kissed her, on the neck or on her shoulder.

The path opened up slightly as they neared the out buildings so he didn't need to hold her arm any longer. She was relieved that even that slight touch would be gone. She almost screamed out loud when his hand moved from her arm to the small of her back and she tried to walk a little faster, desperate to put some space between them, but he only picked up his pace and kept his hand where it was.

He led her through one of the side doors and instantly, the cold air was replaced by the warmer, humid air of the stable-like structure. There were about thirty or forty horses in this building, each with their own stall and names on the doors in brass.

"The horses your father is caring for are over here. But you don't need to do anything. I've got my men taking care of them."

"I'll do it," she snapped, irritated by any help from him. "My father, my responsibility."

He shrugged and soothed the muzzle of the horse that instantly poked its head over the door at the sound of his voice. "Your choice, but I'm not going to let you kill yourself by doing all the work."

She didn't have a response to that since she wasn't exactly sure how much work it would be to take care of a few horses.

He talked her through the daily routines of their care

, showed her where the supplies were and all the tack.

"Don't you have work to do? Can't one of your ranch hands show me all this?" she asked as she looked down the hallway where there were several men working. Granted, they all seemed to be very industrious, but she wondered if perhaps they knew the big boss was around and were just looking extra diligent.

He stopped and looked down at her, that wicked grin back on his face. "Why? Are you afraid of me? Does my presence bother you?"

She backed up a step, but made sure to maintain her angry glare. "Not to be rude, but yes. You do bother me." She was going to leave it at that but she saw the glint in his eyes and shook her head. "Not in the way that you're thinking though so just pretend I'm your sister, Sam."

He let loose one of those deep, soul melting chuckles and pulled her close. "Chloe, there is absolutely no way I could ever mistake you for my sister."

She assumed he meant because she was so much shorter, evidenced by the length of the sleeves on the coat she'd borrowed which hung down to her fingertips. "Well, you know what I mean."

"I do, but it's not going to work."

He continued to show her what to do until she finally stopped him. "Sam, I think I got it. I appreciate your help and I'll do my best to get these guys out of your way and back to my father's place."

"You don't need to do that. They aren't taking up any space that would be allotted to another animal so there's no rush."

He finally walked away and Chloe felt as if she could breathe a bit easier. That man really was a force to be reckoned with, she thought as she hauled the food to the horses' bins, made sure they had enough water and then got to know them a bit better. They were all beautiful horses, she thought, patting their necks and sides as they ate their oats.

She saddled up Cinnamon, a sweet mare that nuzzled against her shoulder each time Chloe passed by. As she climbed up on the horse, she had to smile with excitement at being back in the saddle. It had been much too long, she thought as she trotted out of the stable and into the bright afternoon sunshine.

Sam stepped up to the fence and leaned against a pole, thoroughly enjoying the view of Chloe exercising Cinnamon. The horse and rider were like one, Chloe seeming to anticipate whatever Cinnamon was about to do and either allowing it or countering the horse's ornery nature. And Cinnamon loved it, almost falling into her commands before Chloe even gave them. It was hard enough watching Chloe's cute little bottom as it moved against the saddle, bouncing with the rhythm of the ride, or the desire that he was the horse instead. But watching as Chloe rode with such perfection, it was almost painful as his lust burst into flames within his body.

Why that woman was so stubborn about this attraction that was constantly around the two of them, he couldn't understand. But he wasn't going to let it go on much longer. He wanted her and he was going to have her, as soon as he figured out why or what this little filly needed reassurance about.

Chapter 3

Chloe rolled over, the air outside of her bed covers actually misting when her breath hit it. The air was so cold, she could barely think, much less move her muscles. But force them she would, she thought as she shoved her hair out of her eyes and pushed her legs over the side of the bed. Groaning as the cold air hit her full on, she rushed over to the bathroom and turn on the tap for the shower, praying that the hot water would come quickly this morning.

After a tepid shower, she grabbed an apple for breakfast and headed to the door, pulling on the thick leather coat Sam had given her that first morning. She had found an old wool jacket she'd left behind in her dad's house several years ago but it wasn't very practical out here in Texas, especially as she worked on the stable that would soon house those beautiful horses. She had to work harder, she told herself as her numb fingers pulled open the door. She'd thought the house was cold but she had to brace herself when the cold, Texas wind whipped past the front door. It was barely past dawn, she told herself. It was bound to warm up as the sun rose over the horizon. And she should be able to get that roof finished today.

Gloves and tools in hand, she pulled her woolen hat lower over her ears and headed to the stable with determination. Just get the roof finished, then the walls would be easier. She'd read last night over the internet about the next step, finding tips that would make the hammering easier and faster. If it weren't for the internet, she'd still be working on the interiors, unsure of what she should do first, second or last. Thank goodness for computers, she thought as she climbed up the ladder, steadying herself on the top before lifting her sore leg over the ledge.

Chloe had no sense of time, just a sense of urgency so when the angry voice came up behind her, she almost slipped down the slightly slanting roof.

"What the hell are you doing up there, woman?" Sam demanded.

Chloe started and turned too quickly, had to re-balance herself before she could find the source of her latest irritation. Once she was well balanced again, she turned, more slowly, to look down at Sam. Even from up above, that man looked huge, she thought grouchily.

"I'm making toast," she said, then turned back to pick up the next shingle, sliding it into place before picking up the hammer once again. Her fingers ached and she could barely lift the damn thing, but she refused to let him see how much she hurt.

"Get down, right now!"

She lifted the hammer and slammed it down, barely hitting the head of the nail but glad that she hadn't totally missed it this time. "Sam, you're on my dad's property. You can't tell me what to do."

"Why don't you have an air gun? And why are you re-building this old thing in the first place? I told you the horses could stay with me for as long as you needed."

Chloe didn't bother to look back at him, but wondered at why his voice was moving. "I'm building it because I now have horses to take care of. And I won't be indebted to you for long. I'll pay you for the boarding costs too. Besides, I can't imagine why my dad let this thing becomes so out of sorts if he was housing other horses throughout the months. I don't want him falling again once his leg repairs this time."

"Don't be ridiculous, Chloe," he growled. A moment later, the hammer was lifted out of her hands as Sam stood next to her. Chloe wanted to stand up and confront him, but she was just too tired. Instead, she plopped down, pretending that it was more of a controlled fall, and looked up at Sam as he towered over her. "I have no idea what an air gun is, or why I would need it, but while you're taunting me with this little test of yours, give me back my hammer. I'm on a schedule and you're slowing me down."

Instead of following her order, he bent down and picked up her hand which was now uncovered by the glove. "Why aren't you wearing gloves?" he asked, this time more softly.

Chloe wished her fingers didn't tremble but he was just too close and too male. She curled her fingers into her palm, embarrassed that her fingers were raw, nails broken and cuts all over her fingers, palms and the back of her hand. "My glove fell off the roof about an hour ago."

Looking at her eyes, Sam finished the explanation. "And you're too tired to climb down and get it, right?"

She couldn't respond since he was right on target. Instead, she pulled her hand out of his large, warm grip and looked down. "Can I have my hammer, please?"

Sam stood up and shook his head. "How long have you been up here?"

Chloe closed her eyes. "What time is it?"

"Almost noon."

Sighing, she shrugged her shoulders, ignoring the spasms of pain that movement caused. "About six hours then."

"And what have you eaten?"

Chloe shook her head. "I had breakfast." With a groan, she stood up and walked towards the ladder. "Why do you care?"

Sam watched as she struggled to lift her leg, noting that she was probably aching in every fiber of her body. "I just do," he grumbled and followed her down.

Back in the stable, Chloe rummaged through the rusting tools and finally found an older hammer. This one wasn't as good, not as well balanced, but it was in her hands and therefore, she had control of it. She knew that Sam wouldn't give her back the other one so she protected this one with her body as she turned around.

Unfortunately, he was too close and when she turned, he was only about an inch from her. He easily reached over her shoulder and plucked it out of her hands. Weak as she was from the unaccustomed physical exertion, she just couldn't react quickly enough.

"You're coming with me, Chloe. Looks like you need a good meal and a warm bed with no more repairs for today. You can visit with your dad while you eat something warm."

Rubbing her head, she closed her eyes, not wanting to look at him for fear of him seeing the need in her eyes. The need right now wasn't just for his strength and his touch. The sound of a warm meal, something she didn't have to cook, or more specifically, burn, sounded lovely. And a warm bed was a luxury she hadn't had in over a week as she tried to keep the expenses down by lowering the heat in the house. All her money was going toward the materials needed to repair the stable so she could bring her dad's horses home as quickly as possible. And there was no fear of her father trying to do the repairs himself.

"Thank you very much for the offer, but I have a lot of work to do. I spoke with my father this morning and I visit him each afternoon so I'm not neglecting him. I just don't want him to do this kind of work and I know he will if it's not done by the time his leg has healed." Turning her back on him, she started walking towards the ladder once again but her stride was slow and laborious, despite her efforts to hide it.

"Chloe, that wasn't an offer it was a command. You're dead on your feet and I suspect you haven't eaten very much lately, have you?"

Chloe shrugged and ignored the hunger in her stomach, promising that she'd grab a sandwich as soon as Sam left. "I told you I had breakfast."

He stopped her with a gentle touch, turning her so that her back was against the brown wood of the stable wall. "What did you have for breakfast?"

If he'd been harsh or demanding, she could have shrugged off his question and pushed him away. But his soft tone, a little husky with obvious concern, just did her in and she sighed heavily. "I had an apple. But I'll go inside now and grab something."

Shaking his head, he pulled her close, guiding her towards his horse. "I don't think so, darlin'," he replied with a deep voice. "You're coming with me and Jessy is going to give you something warm and hardy. I'll also lend you an air gun as long as you promise not to kill yourself with it. Deal?"

Chloe didn't have the strength to fight him any longer. She was too tired, too cold and too hungry. Her entire body ached from the manual labor none of her muscles were conditioned for. He climbed up on his horse and then easily lifted her up before she had any idea of what he was going to do. Sitting in front of him, his strong arms surrounding her and the warmth of his body cradling her, Chloe sighed and leaned into his hard, muscular chest.

In what seemed like moments later, she felt herself lifted down from the saddle and carried into a warm house. Opening her eyes, she looked up, blinking at the comforting glow coming from Jessy's kitchen and the delicious smells of something cooking. Something warm and unburned, she thought, her mouth instantly watering.

"Good Lord, child! You've lost a good ten pounds in the last week. What have you done to yourself?" Jessy said as soon as Sam carried her in, slamming the heavy wooden door behind him.

Chloe wiggled so her legs could drop to the floor and she pushed her hair back. "Oh, it isn't that bad," she said but her cheeks were too cold to smile and talking actually hurt now.

Jessy obviously didn't believe her and hustled Chloe out of the enormous leather coat, then shooing her over towards a high chair set up on the island in the middle of the kitchen. A moment later, a warm cup of beef stew was placed in front of her on the black granite counter, Jessy set a large spoon in Chloe's hand with the order, "Eat!". A plate of biscuits came next along with a cup of steaming coffee. Jessy continued to move about the gorgeous kitchen, opening maple cabinets and pulling out ingredients, chatting the whole time as she worked at making some sort of dough on the counter in front of the breakfast bar where Chloe sat.

Chloe didn't argue this time. She was too hungry. But as soon as the food started to warm her fatigued body, she could feel the exhaustion start to come on. Before she could fall asleep at the counter, she stood up, her fingers still wrapped around the warm cup of coffee. "I really appreciate the wonderful meal, but I need to get back to work." Thankfully, Sam had retreated from the room so it was only Jessy to argue with and Chloe was fairly certain the tiny woman wouldn't be much of an impediment to getting out of the house and away from Sam's charismatic turf.

"Don't you dare," Jessy called out, not even looking at Chloe as she pulled a monstrous sized bag of sugar out of a cabinet by the stove. "You're supposed to stay here and talk to that big oaf who doesn't know what's up or how to do what's right."

Chloe was fairly certain Jessy was referring to Sam, but since she'd never heard him referred to in that manner before, she wasn't one hundred percent positive. "I have a lot of work to do that can't wait. I'll just stop by my dad's room and say hello."

Jessy hefted the bag in her spindly arms, carrying it like it weighed nothing when it looked as if it were probably a twenty pound bag. "I wouldn't if I were you. Just set yourself right back down and wait while I get Sam back here. His orders were that you were to eat, then talk, and in that order."

Chloe really didn't like the sound of that. "I don't report to Sam, no matter what he thinks, Jessy."

Jessy smiled and shook her head. "Ah, so that's the way you're working this, huh?" She chuckled slightly. "Now I understand a bit more. You're not one of those women, thank goodness. And maybe that explains a lot. I think there's a whole lot more but it's really none of my business." She thunked the bag of sugar down onto the granite countertop and looked directly at Chloe. "I'm getting the impression that there's a whole lot more going on here than what I can see with these old eyes, but never mind that. My business is following the boss's orders. And right now, he wants to talk to you. So just set right back down."

She picked up the phone and pressed a button, while Chloe shook her head. The only thing she "set" down was her coffee cup with her protesting fingers. "I really need to go." Without another word, she picked up the coat that had been hung on the bar stool next to her, swinging her arms into it as quickly as she could. Jessy was already off the phone, having muttered something into the receiver and clicked off in only a matter of seconds. Which meant that Sam was nearer than she'd thought and she needed to move faster. "Tell Sam that I appreciate the help, but I can handle...."

"You can stop right there," his deep voice said from behind Chloe. Too close, she thought.

She shook her head, not bothering to turn around. "I have to go. Thank you for the warm meal. It was delicious."

"We need to talk."

Chloe shook her head. "No, I have to get back to work. I need to get that roof fixed as quickly as possible."

"And what about a sprinkler system? Are you going to install that on your own?"

Chloe had no idea what he was talking about and her eyes whipped around to look up at him. "Sprinkler system?"

"And a solid feed system? And what about heating and ventilation equipment? I don't know if you're equipped to install all of that on your own, but I'm guessing you're going to try, aren't you?"

Chloe stared at him for a long moment, absorbing his words and trying to make sense of them. As she finally did, her mind went numb. "You're right. A sprinkler system would be needed to keep the horses safe. I don't know about a feeding system or heating equipment, but there's no way I would be able to install all of that by myself." Her shoulders sagged with the overwhelming information he'd imparted. "I probably can't get insurance for the guys if I don't have at least a sprinkler system installed."

"Damn right!" he put a hand to the door and closed it with a solid thud. "And I don't think you'd make the horses sleep in an unheated stable, now would you?"

She sighed and leaned back against the kitchen door. "No. I couldn't do it, I wouldn't put my guys through it either. You're right, of course."

Sam looked down at her and felt slightly mollified that she was at least listening to him and acknowledging that she couldn't do it all on her own. "Now that we've established that you need some help, how about if we move into my office and discuss some options?"

Chloe didn't want to go. She didn't want to be alone with him, much less admit that she needed his help. Wasn't there anyone else she could discuss the matters with besides him? Looking around, Jessy was her only other option right at the moment and she was up to her elbows in making what looked to be cookies. "Fine," she said with as much graciousness as she could muster at the moment with her heart racing.

She took a deep breath when Sam nodded in approval and finally pulled back, putting some space between them.

"Good. I have some ideas if you're willing to listen to them. This way," he said, gesturing to the other side of the kitchen.

Chloe pushed away from the door and walked around him, giving herself a good two feet of space and feeling a little ridiculous when she saw Sam smother a smile, as if he knew what she was doing.

Walking through the kitchen, she was fairly sure she could feel his eyes on her back. And other places. She didn't know how she was so sure, but it was just a feeling she had, as if her back, and bottom were tingling. Which was ridiculous of course. There was no way his eyes could relay the same amount of energy his hands had delivered the day he'd kissed her in New York.

He led her through the house that was familiar, and yet somewhat different. The furniture had all been updated since she'd been here that last summer. Since she entered through the side door on the other end of the house, she hadn't gone through the great room while visiting and hadn't noticed the changes before now. It was modern, but with a western, rugged flair to all of it. Gone were the tweedy couches and the more colonial looking tables and everything was replaced by leather and cleaner lines. She liked it, she thought as she walked down a long hallway. Glancing back, she caught him! His eyes were staring at her bottom!

As she glared, his eyes moved upward and Chloe caught her breath at the heat she felt emanating from his look. "A man can appreciate a work of art," he replied to her unvoiced accusation, his voice husky.

Chloe didn't know what to say as her cheeks flared with a blush. Turning back, she walked more quickly towards where his office used to be, praying that it was still in the same place.

The door was already open and she walked in, noting the heavy wood desk covered with papers and three computer screens, all with numbers filling up the space.

"Have a seat," he said behind her and Chloe jumped out of her skin. She took the seat, but she wasn't glaring at his back as he walked around to sit at his desk.

"As I see it, you're trying to be independent and not accepting help from a neighbor."

"I'd like to do this on my own."

Sam lifted a shoulder as acknowledgement. "And do you have the money to do this right?"

Chloe looked down at her raw, torn up hands and sighed. "No. I don't."

"So you need a loan so you can get people in to do this correctly and safely, and not risk your health at the same time."

"I won't take money from you, Sam."

"Why not?"

"Because I won't be indebted to someone. Looks like my father wouldn't accept help from you either."

"Your father isn't the question here. I'm pretty sure your dad has the money to make all the repairs so it was just that he wanted to do them himself."

She grimaced and nodded her head. "I think you're right, but that doesn't alter the fact that I don't want him on that roof again. I'm terrified of him falling again. He's too old to be doing most of that work," she said and rubbed her hands over her tired eyes. "I need to get it done myself before he moves back to the ranch."

Sam leaned forward. "You know I didn't start this whole thing on my own, don't you?"

Chloe tried not to roll her eyes. "Sam, your financial prowess is pretty legendary."

"I am good with investments, true. But your father helped me when mine died all those years ago. Without his help and support, I might not be here."

This was news to Chloe. She'd always thought of Sam as a self-made man. "What did my dad do for you?"

Sam thought for a moment. "Primarily, he believed in me. He gave me some seed money and a whole lot of advice on how to raise horses, what to look for when purchasing new horses, who to talk to and basic things like that. Now I'd like to repay him for that by keeping you alive and healthy. And not letting you kill yourself by trying to do all the repairs that man is too stubborn to hire out to workers more capable than himself."

Chloe sat there in the huge leather seat, suddenly feeling uncomfortable and petty. "What if you could repay him by providing help to someone else? Sort of a 'passing it forward' type of payback."

Sam chuckled. "You're going to be stubborn to the end, aren't you?"

"No," she replied quickly. "I just really want to do this on my own."

"Even though there is plenty of room in my stable to house those horses, they're comfortable and you could be over here riding and doing other things that interest you more rather than trying to kill yourself repairing that damn roof?"

That made her even more curious. "What do you mean?" she asked cautiously.

The look that came over Sam's face could only be described as victorious. Chloe tried to be reasonable and not jump up and race out of the office but it took a great deal of effort.

"You obviously don't want to be a rancher or you would have come back to help your father after college. So I'm guessing you want to do something different. I'm also assuming you've been so miserable in that job in New York that you've thought about a career you'd genuinely love a great deal, even coming up with a plan on how you'd like to approach building up whatever business your dream might entail. Are you willing to tell me what that enterprise might be?"

Chloe didn't dare tell him about her photography, too embarrassed since she didn't think her pictures were good enough to go anywhere in the art market. "I love the horses," she countered. "I enjoy riding."

"Then why haven't you been over to ride those guys this past week? I know you ride occasionally, but they like you and you're very good with them. Let me send some guys over to do the repairs for you." He stopped her from interrupting him by raising his hands. "I'll make sure that the repairs are all finished before he's able to get out and about and he will never know that I arranged for the work to be done. In the meantime, you start exercising those animals, think about what you want to do besides return to that job that you hate so much," he ignored her attempt to argue with him on that point, "then come back to me and let me help you set up your business the way your dad helped me set up mine."

Chloe looked at him warily. "How do you know what kind of business I want to begin?"

Sam smiled. "It doesn't matter what you want to do. I know your father and I know he didn't raise an idiot daughter. So once you figure out where your passion lies, I'd like to help."

She considered his words carefully. There was no way she would let him help her with getting started in photography. Sam was a hard driving businessman and probably hated art, only bought it for investment purposes so she'd never tell him her dream. But she could let him pay back her father by doing those awful repairs. His guys would probably do a much better job than she could ever do so it would make sense. Anything she did would probably have to be redone at some point anyway so she might not keep her father off that roof after all.

"You can do the repairs. And I'm grateful for the offer but I'll pay you back."

"We'll see about the payback, but we won't argue about it at the moment." He turned and punched something into his computer. "We have a good breeding program. I could definitely use your help selecting the couples."

She tried to hide the shudder of horror at that idea. "I appreciate the vote of confidence, but I don't think I'd be very good in that area."

"Why not? You're an excellent rider which means that you're in tune with the animals. You really connect with them."

"Yes..."

He smiled slightly as understanding of her hesitation dawned on him. "But your ladies would have to accept their mates, am I correct?"

"Absolutely."

Sam laughed. "You're a romantic, Chloe."

She bristled at that statement, which came across as patronizing, and his amusement. "Just because I don't want lady horses raped by a male horse doesn't make me a romantic."

He tried to smother his amusement at her commentary on breeding horses, knowing it might hurt her feelings. "It generally isn't rape, you know. The females run, but that's all part of the game. It's all about the chase and a filly doesn't like it when a stallion isn't willing to chase her."

"That sounds animalistic."

He threw back his head and laughed. "They're animals, Chloe."

She didn't like that anyway, even though his laughter made her tingle with awareness. "It just seems barbaric."

He acknowledged her feelings with another nod. "Okay, I suspect you've made up your mind about the business you want to be in but you're not completely sure that you're ready. So what can I do to help you?"

"Ideally, I'd just like to be content."

He looked at her with his dark, intelligent eyes and Chloe knew that she'd revealed too much in that one statement.

"And are you content with your life in New York and your boyfriend?"

She looked out the window and thought back to what she'd been only a week ago. "No. I know that's not the future I want."

"And do you know what you want?"

Chloe shrugged. "Despite the cold in the winter, I always loved it here. The air is so much cleaner, I can see the stars at night and I love horses."

"Especially Nutmeg?"

She laughed softly. "No, not especially but Nutmeg has a different personality. A bit more demanding that the others, but they're all wonderful."

"He's a bit of an autocrat, isn't he?"

She smiled at him cheekily. "Takes one to know one."

"Touche," he came back. "So, you want a small business that keeps you...content." He watched her face. "And happiness is out of the question?"

She looked away again, all laughter gone from her face. Just thinking about moving here to Texas where she would watch Sam, see him fall for some other woman and marry her, most likely have children with him was a painful thought. But she hadn't had much success getting over him in Boston, New York and the other few places she'd briefly lived over the past few years. Besides, none had been a really good "fit" for her. Texas seemed to be more of a home to her than any other area she'd ever tried to settle. "Let's stick to what's achievable," she replied, not wanting to go any further down that road.

"Fine. You'll need dresses and suits if you're going into any kind of business. Can you afford them? And you'll need to keep the five beauties in my stable. Forget about building your own, you're going to be too busy here."

She didn't like the sound of that. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, you're going to have to be here with me, learning about making contacts, getting an office or supply chain, asking me questions about taxes and benefits, exercising the horses and coming to social events with me. I have the contacts you'll need to get the word out about whatever you're going to start but make the contacts first so you have a pipeline of resources to rely upon once you're confident enough to market you're idea."

"I don't want to take up your time," she started to argue, not wanting to be in his company at all, much less in a social situation.

"It's not a waste of my time. I'm going to be at these events anyway, and having a beautiful woman on my arm won't hurt. Besides," he interrupted when she was about to say something, "You'll be doing me a favor, too."

"How's that?" she asked, her voice dripping with wariness.

"These people are leeches. Each time I go, the women lean against me and slip room keys in my pockets..."

"Poor dear. And I'm sure you give them all back, don't you?" Chloe hated the jealousy that ripped through her at his words.

His only acknowledgement of her comment was a sarcastically raised eyebrow, which only made her jealousy intensify. She would have been happier if he'd told her he actually did give the keys back, even if he was lying.

"And the men are trying to snare insider information on whatever business I'm currently investing in. It becomes pretty irritating. So if you're on my arm, the women will stay away and anytime someone approaches me about business, I'll rely on you to change the subject. Start gushing on about their business which will definitely turn them around and you can get tips on how they do business. Most of those men love talking about themselves."

She thought about that for a long moment, contemplating the pros and cons that came to mind. If she took him up on his offer, she'd get instant access to her target demographics, which were people who could afford what she hoped to be able to offer.

But she'd also have to be around him more often, an aspect of his suggestion that definitely had severe drawbacks in her mind.

She was just about to reject his offer, preferring to figure out another way when he stopped her with a painfully accurate statement.

"You're afraid of being alone with me, aren't you?" he said as he leaned back in his chair, his dark eyes halfway closed as he watched her.

Chloe's heart stopped for a long moment. "Of course not," she lied. "I don't know why you think that."

"I think you're too afraid to be around me for any extended period of time because you're not sure what will happen between us."

She scoffed. "That's ridiculous."

"Is it?" he came back quietly.

"Of course." She scooted around uncomfortably on her chair and was unable to look him in the eye.

"Good, then if you're not afraid of me, or what might happen between us if we're alone, then you need to get yourself a dress." He leaned forward and sifted through some papers as if he were looking for something.

Chloe blinked, wondering what had just happened. "Excuse me?" her back ramrod straight as she watched him pick up a thick piece of paper.

"A dress. The event is formal," he said as he handed her the invitation he'd just unearthed. "You have a dress, don't you? Or do you need to head into town to get one?"

"A dress? I don't think..."

"You're not allowed to think, not yet anyway. You're going to have to trust me." His eyes traveled up and down her figure as she sat in the chair. "Something red. And sexy."

Chloe's face blushed once again and she glared at him. "No, I don't have anything red except for that one dress you threw into my suitcase. Which definitely doesn't count as formal. Other than that dress, I have nothing sexy." Chloe didn't know how to do sexy and red was way too blatant for her to wear with any confidence.

"Why not?"

She struggled to come up with a viable excuse but nothing good came to mind. "Because I don't look good in red," and knew it sounded pretty lame, but it was all she could think of.

"When was the last time you tried on anything red?"

That got her, she thought. She never wore red because it was too bright, too intense. "Trust me, I don't look good in red."

He smiled, a sexy, personal smile that made her heart speed up a bit. "Oh, darlin', you really need to try on something red. And definitely something sexy."

"No."

"Yes. Do it just to see how much it can turn heads and get a reaction from other men and women in the room. It will irritate the hell out of me so that should give you enough incentive, won't it? And we're going now. Come on," he said and stood up, walking around to the other side of his desk, picking up a set of keys as he passed.

Chloe was dumbfounded, but refused to be railroaded. "Sam, I'm not going shopping with you," she replied, crossing her arms over her chest and standing still despite the fact that he was almost to the doorway.

With one eyebrow, he turned to watch her. "Are you sure you have the money for a dress?"

She didn't, but there was no way she was going to admit that to him. She'd just have to dip into her savings one more time. Or maybe there was another way, she thought, thinking back to some of her marketing ideas. "Leave it to me."

"As long as it's red."

As she stood next to him at the doorway, she poked him in the chest. "It's not going to be red," she stated emphatically.

He didn't reply instantly, but instead, his eyes roved over her face, stopping at each of her features for a moment before moving to the next. "You're loss," was all he said in the end.

She cleared her throat and stepped back. "What time?"

"I'll pick you up at six o'clock tomorrow evening. The dinner starts at seven, but it will take about thirty minutes to get into town."

"And what about the other thirty minutes?"

"That's for drinks. It's going to take me at least that long to get you into a more relaxed state of mind."

"You mean liquor me up," she challenged with a raised eyebrow, imitating his expression from earlier in their conversation.

He chuckled. "Whatever you want to call it."

"I'm not going..."

"Honey," he stopped her and leaned closer, one arm going up over the door frame as he held his body only an inch from hers, "don't you dare say you don't need it because right now, you're wound tighter than grandfather clock and if you don't learn to relax, I believe you're going to explode." He leaned imperceptivity closer before saying, "But I plan to be around to watch you come undone, which is a completely different thing. And much more enjoyable," he said softly.

Chloe couldn't breathe. She stared at him, barely able to move or even blink.

Jessy broke the spell by coming around the corner. As soon as Chloe heard Jessy's voice, she jumped and quickly moved out of the office doorway while Jessy brought a tray of warm cookies down the hallway. "I have to go," she said to both Jessy and Sam.

"Take a few cookies with you, dear," Jessy said with a motherly voice. "You're probably still hungry, not eating enough out there in that old house. You need to be here, keeping warm and visiting with these two ornery pain in the necks, is what I think," she grumbled as she put some extra cookies into Chloe's hands.

"And be back here tomorrow morning, ready to go over the details."

Chloe waved behind her, unable to respond but her feet carried her all the way back to the kitchen where she grabbed her borrowed coat, then realized that she had no way to get back to her house.

Sighing, she realized that it was time to exercise the beauties anyway. Maybe she could ask one of Sam's ranch hands for a lift back after she was finished.

She walked out to the stable and greeted her five horses. Each time she was around these guys she was struck once again by how beautiful they were with their soft, brown eyes and warm muzzles.

Chapter 4

Friday morning dawned sunny and bright with the normal winter cold in the air. Chloe stuck her nose out of her blanket, wondering why she'd slept in so late. Usually she was already up by the time the sun was coming over the horizon.

And then she remembered. She was supposed to work with Sam today, working out the details of her business plan. Groaning, she pulled her head back under the blanket, just as she heard the front door to her house open and close.

"Chloe!" Sam's voice called out before she had a chance to become nervous about a stranger in the house.

"Chloe, where are you?"

"I'm right here," she called out, the blanket still wrapped around her despite her temper rising. "What are you doing here?" The air was so cold she could see her breath in the air.

"Why the hell is it so cold in here?" he demanded as he appeared in the doorway. "It's only a few degrees warmer than outside." He glared at her from the doorway, his huge presence filling up the small, chintz filled room and looking odd with his maleness amongst the feminine things.

"It's warm enough to sleep in," she countered, immediately feeling defensive. She didn't want him to know she'd been trying to save money by keeping the heating low. She knew it wasn't much, but every little bit helped.

Hands on his lean hips, he shook his head. "No, it's not. It's freezing and you're going to catch your death of a cold by living like this." Without saying anything else, he turned on his heel and Chloe knew exactly where he was heading. The kitchen.

She jumped out of bed, unmindful of what she was wearing, too desperate to get to the kitchen before he realized how little food she had stored there. She reached him just as he was reaching for the refrigerator door and stopped him by inserting her whole body between the appliance and his hand. Dangerous she knew, but she had pride. At least a little, she thought.

"Go home. I know we're supposed to work together starting this morning but I'll meet you at your place in thirty minutes."

He leaned in closer, a small smile playing about his sexy mouth. "You really think you're going to stop me from looking inside that fridge? Especially dressed like that?" he replied, his voice deep and warm as he looked down at her.

That's when Chloe remembered that she only had on a pair of pink cotton underwear and a long sleeve cotton shirt. Neither of which left much to the imagination when his dark eyes roved over her. As soon as his eyes stalled, she knew exactly what he was looking at and she instantly felt her breasts peak with the attention. Crossing her arms over her chest, she hunched her shoulders to try and hide her body's reaction to his perusal. "Go away, Sam."

"No way, darlin'," he replied, moving a little closer. "But maybe you would like to go get some clothes on? Or shower or whatever it is you do that makes you so..." his eyes looked down once again, "enticing," he finally finished.

Chloe cleared her throat and shook her head, feeling extremely warm despite the cold of the room. "Move back."

He didn't. "Why? What do you feel when I'm this close?"

She pushed against his chest, grateful that he moved away. "Nothing." When there was room, she slipped around him and ran into her room, ignoring his husky chuckle behind her. Slamming her door, she rushed into the bathroom and turned on the shower, desperate for the warm water so she could hurry up. She didn't trust that he'd leave her alone while she was showering so she took the fastest shower she'd ever had in her life, even ignoring the cold water so she could finish quickly.

In less than fifteen minutes, she was showered, teeth brushed, jeans and a warm turtleneck pulled on and she even had a moment to put a little makeup on, feeling better for that little bit of vanity. She wasn't trying to impress him, she told herself as she added another layer of mascara. She just hadn't been eating well and looked a little too pale. Adding color to her face made her look a little less pathetic.

After blow drying her hair, she felt almost human, albeit a cold one, she thought as she pulled on warm socks and the tennis shoes she'd been wearing lately. She really needed to get some boots, just to fit in a little more. Sam wore boots. And damn if he didn't look sexy as all get out in them. And probably out of them.

Where had that thought come from? She reprimanded herself, forcing her mind to stay focused. Sam was not the man for her and never had been. She knew the kind of woman he was attracted to and it wasn't her. A relationship, other than professional with that man was forbidden if she wanted to have any kind of romantic relationship in her life.

Sam was taboo.

Feeling marginally better, and armed as well as possible, Chloe stepped out of the bedroom once again, heat blasting her in the face. Stunned, she looked around, immediately finding the culprit in the form of the evildoer with broad shoulders and too many muscles standing at the stove cooking eggs and something that smelled absolutely heavenly. "What did you do?"

Sam looked up, pan and spatula in his hands. He didn't answer immediately but instead, took a long moment to let his eyes roam up and down her figure clad in jeans and the soft turtle neck, her brown hair in a fluffy cloud drifting down around her shoulders. "I like the pink underwear better," he said, then looked down at his pan. "As for what I've done, I've made you breakfast, something I'm guessing you don't often do for yourself if the contents of your refrigerator is anything to go by."

Chloe ignored the food and rushed over to the thermostat. "You turned up the heat."

"Of course I turned it up. And I'll put a lock on it if you put it down again. If you can't pay for your heat, then you should have told me a long time ago, woman."

Chloe turned the temperature down another ten degrees, then turned back to him, angry and feeling frustrated that he'd seen right through her weakness; her fear of running out of money.

"Sam, please don't come in here and assume you know what's going on."

Sam put the eggs onto a plate, then grabbed the toast just as it was popping out of the toaster. "You think I don't understand what you're going through?"

"I think you're so tied up in your nice little wealthy world that you couldn't possibly understand what goes through a person's mind when they're trying t pay the rent and utilities on a very small savings, while at the same time, trying to start up a business. It's all risky and I'm..." She was about to say something that would be too revealing but stopped just in time.

Sam placed one of the plates full of food on the small table in kitchen, then walked over to stand beside her. With a soft voice he shook his head. "Chloe, I know you're terrified of what might be lurking right around the corner. You've been given a great deal of responsibility with your father being hurt and feeling like you need to do it all. And the idea of starting a business, even one that you won't talk to me about except for connections, it's more than a little scary. But I'm guessing you're still trying to pay your rent on that apartment back in New York along with all the utilities there, using that as an escape route just in case you can't make it here doing something that will make you happier. You've calculated the expenses right down to the last dime and, if you're really lucky, you might just make it work. Then some obnoxious brute comes along and shows you additional expenses that you didn't know about and you're scared, wondering if you should high tail it right back to your old life and give up on something you'd love doing for the rest of your life." He paused for a moment, running a gentle finger down her cool cheek. "How close am I?"

Chloe swallowed, wishing he wasn't so on target. "Pretty close."

He laughed softly. "You mean dead on, don't you?"

"Maybe."

"What you need to accept is that there are a lot of people out there who are willing to help you out, if you'd just let them. Myself at the front of the line. And if you'd let us in, we'd make sure you don't fail. If you could give up that apartment, you'd have a lot more money to cushion the issues you're bound to encounter."

A lump formed in her throat and she had trouble speaking. His words were wonderful and she desperately wanted to believe him. Unfortunately, she just didn't know how. She simply didn't have the same sense of power and control that Sam seemed to contain in spades. "Thank you," was all she could say at the moment.

His hand dropped and a knowing look came back into his dark eyes. "But you're still going to do it your way, aren't you?" he said as he placed the other plate on the table across from the first one.

She shrugged and took one of the chairs. "I don't know any other way."

He turned around and looked at her. "You'll learn."

Chloe ignored him and looked instead at the eggs on her plate. "This smells delicious. I didn't know you could cook this well."

"There's lots about me you don't know," he replied and took the seat across from her. "I'm a great cook."

"Why do you have Jessy then?"

"Because she likes to cook as well, I don't always have time and she needed a job."

Her fork was midway to her mouth when he said that. "You created a position for someone only because they needed a job?"

"No. I needed a cook as well. But she does a lot more than cook. She's sort of the mother for all the ranch hands, bossing them around and making sure they stay out of trouble. She's pretty priceless. Those cookies she gave you yesterday?"

"Yeah," Chloe encouraged before swallowing the bite of scrambled eggs that were amazingly delicious. "They were fantastic."

"She made over five hundred cookies yesterday, all of them brought down to the stables for the ranch hands."

Chloe couldn't imagine making that many cookies in her lifetime, much less in a day. "That's a lot of cookies."

"There are about fifty guys that run the horses on my ranch on a regular basis, plus more than come in during seasonal times during the year," he explained. "She makes a birthday cake for each one of them. She's amazing and none of the guys are willing to cross her and get out of line, knowing she'd come down on them like a ton of bricks. Not to mention what I might do to them."

"Good morale."

"Don't you know it," he replied with gusto.

If someone had told Chloe a week ago that she'd be sitting at her father's breakfast table across from Sam Marchant discussing employee issues, she'd have laughed in their faces. But here she was and she still couldn't believe it. The fact that Sam was too big for that chair didn't help the image either.

"Finish up, we have a lot of work to do."

Those words were to be remembered later that evening when she was still sitting in Sam's masculine office, working through the details of her business plan. Although Sam was a financial genius which, in her mind meant he was good at the big picture, that didn't mean he wasn't thorough in his plans and very detail oriented. Each time she had an idea, Sam forced her to research the issues, get more information. He was generous with his advice too, but a tougher task master she'd never met.

Chloe had thought her marketing job in New York had been difficult. Those wimpy New York executives had nothing on Sam Marchant. He knew figures off the top of his head and challenged everything she suggested. Sometimes she was able to prove her ideas were valid. Other times, he came at her suggestions from an angle she hadn't even considered and he was relentless at shooting it down, not letting her get into any detail that would swerve away from the goal of getting a solid business plan down on paper.

And the financial side of Sam's planning was terrifying. She'd once thought the expense of repairing the old stable was overwhelming. She hadn't even considered the cost of a marketing plan, the insurance needed, the travel that would be involved or the social organizations that would need to be tapped into in order to make her idea a success. Sam did though.

It took five straight days of working from early morning through midnight sometimes before Sam finally declared that her plan was solid. The only breaks he allowed her was a few moments in the morning and evening to talk with her father. Even lunches she was sitting in his office trying to figure out a solution to a problem he'd presented to her. Maybe it was a bit more difficult since she would only tell him that her idea was more creative and centered on the art world. As she gained knowledge with the industry and hurdles she might face, she was becoming more confident, but also more daunted by what she had to do to overcome those obstacles.

They hadn't even started contract negotiations or coming up with the financing for a business. Sam offered to finance her venture but Chloe refused to accept his offer. Not just because she thought he was offering her charity, but also because she'd spent too much time in his company over the past week. And each time she saw him, her heart sped up. When he got close to her to look over her shoulder at her notes, point out a piece of data on the computer screen or just walking down the hallway to get something to eat with Jessy, Chloe would smell Sam, feel his heat and her skin tingled, her heart raced.

The more she got to know him, really know him and not just sense his physical attraction, the worse it got. She learned that she actually liked him. His laugh was infectious, his intelligence a complete turn on and his voice was the sexiest thing she'd ever heard. She'd always thought she was a woman attracted to shoulders and muscles in a guy and Sam already had plenty of those to spare. But working with him so much, she decided that a man's voice was a dangerous aphrodisiac.

She was sitting in his large leather chair while he bent over, both of them looking at the finished product on one of his computer screens.

"You really should let me finance this, Chloe. Whatever you're going to sell, I'm betting it's a solid idea and I believe you'll make a success of the venture. I'd like to be a part of it."

His belief in her success warmed her heart. His approval meant a great deal. But she'd spent too much time in his company over the past week and she couldn't imagine what it would be like to be around him more often. She suspected that if she allowed him to invest in her project, he'd be more involved than she was comfortable with. "I don't think it would be a good idea."

"Why? Because we're attracted to each other and you're afraid of me?"

Chloe wasn't sure what to say to that. She'd never been a very direct person, nor had she ever dated men who were very direct. She was used to men who waited for some sort of blatant signal that she was ready to move to the next step, which, she acknowledged, rarely ever happened. So she'd had many male friends over the years, and only dated a few.

This directness from Sam was disconcerting. She didn't like it and pulled back, stepping around his desk and moving to the other side. "I think I'd better go," she said, picking up her jacket that had been lying over the back of the chair.

"Why? Because you're scared or because I'm reading you wrong?"

Chloe took the easy way out. "Because you're completely reading me wrong. I'm not attracted to you. That's all in the past."

Sam smiled and Chloe didn't like the way his eyes lit up with challenge. "Are you really trying to convince me of that? And I wonder if you believe it, or if you simply want it to be true."

She shifted uncomfortably. "It's true and you're just going to have to accept it."

"Then all the times I touch you, when you get all flustered, that's just a pretence?" he asked, standing up and walking around his desk.

Chloe looked at the doorway, then back at him.

"Don't try it. You won't make it," he replied softly, moving to stand in front of her. "Why won't you let this thing between us go? You know it's there and I promise you it's mutual." His hand came up to touch her hair, his long fingers tangling through the ends. "I think it could be extremely good between us."

Chloe shook her head, pulling her hair out of his fingers, careful not to touch him in any way. "It might be fine, but I just don't think it's a good idea to risk it."

"Fine?" he parroted. "You think this could be just 'fine' between us?" He put a finger to the base of her neck. "I suspect that it could be a whole lot more than 'fine' and what's more, I think you know it would be as well. So what's holding you back?"

Chloe shook her head and took a step back, only to find that the desk was behind her, a solid force that halted her backwards escape. "Sam, please..."

His eyes swept down so they were staring at her mouth. "Please what? Please show me that we could be on fire?"

"No," she gasped. "Please don't do this."

He was quiet for a long moment as his eyes took in her features. "I don't think I can ignore this any longer."

Chloe tried to shake her head, to push him away. But as his head slowly descended, she found that she couldn't move. She couldn't speak or even think. All she could do was anticipate the touch of his lips. She'd experienced it once before so she tried to brace herself. But she should have known. Nothing could prepare her for this...

When his lips finally touched hers, she inhaled sharply, barely moving her lips against his. But it was enough. The touch was simple, gentle and careful, as if he were afraid of breaking her, but the moment their mouths touched, lightning struck and Chloe moaned as his hands pulled her closer, molding her body against his as his mouth took possession. He didn't have to tease her to open her mouth. She didn't wait, ravenous for him and her arms came up, pulling his head down to hers, her fingers sliding into his hair as her back arched into him.

She couldn't get enough of him and she loved it when he deepened the kiss, his hands moving from her back to her waist, creating a trail of fire as they moved. Chloe whimpered as she stretched up onto her toes, trying to reach more of him, to touch him against all of her.

She felt her shirt come out from the waistband of her jeans and when his hands touched her bare skin, she cried out, breaking away from the kiss as her mind fought to keep up with all the sensations that were blasting through her system.

His hands were in her hair, pulling her head back and she moaned again as his mouth moved to her ear, then down her neck, biting and nibbling as he explored her throat. When his hand moved along her skin, she wiggled, shivered in reaction. She reached down to stop his hand from moving again but he ignored her hold and moved so his thumb could caress her stomach and Chloe's hand relaxed, then moved back to his shoulders, wanting to feel the same.

She didn't hear the jumbling, but sighed with pleasure when he lifted her up and pushed her bottom onto the desk. A moment later, one hand came down to her leg, pulling her thigh so that one leg was bent, sliding against his hip and she could do nothing more than hang on as he pressed against her more intimately. This position had him right up near her and she could feel his reaction against her, hard and demanding.

When she'd felt that with other men, she'd either been afraid or regretful that she didn't feel the same. But with Sam, she was thrilled that she could make him feel this way, so quickly and so strongly. It gave her a bit of feminine power that she'd never felt with any other man, hadn't even wanted to.

"Chloe, we need to go upstairs," she heard him growl but his hand moved, sliding upwards and she ignored his words, too caught up in the way he was making her feel. Then his mouth moved to hers again, his tongue sliding into her mouth, mating with hers and instead of gasping with pleasure, she could only imitate his movements, trying to figure out what he liked and reveling in the feeling of his body reacting to her touch, her kiss and feeling extraordinary because she had the power to make this man feel this way.

"Chloe, come with me now," he said and pulled away, taking her hand and pulling her forward. "We have to finish this in a place that's more comfortable than my desk."

"Finish?"

Sam stopped and looked down at her, humor touching his eyes. "Chloe, when we make love for the first time, I want all of you and not some quick tumble on my desk. Come on, love. Let me show you," he said and started moving towards the door again.

Chloe was confused. "We're not going to make love, Sam," she said but even she could hear the breathy quality of her voice. Clearing her throat, she tried again. "I can't do this Sam. I don't want..."

Sam moved closer, his hand moving to the skin he'd bared moments ago under her shirt. "Don't say you don't want this," he growled out. "I know you do, your body just told me you do."

She closed her eyes and took a step back. "No," she whispered, humiliation sweeping over her. "I can't. This isn't right and we won't work..."

"Yes we will, and I think I just proved that we will. Come with me and let me show you," he said with a touch to her cheek.

Chloe almost turned into that caress, her face wanting to feel his rough fingers against her skin. But she stopped herself, reminding her brain of how difficult it had been to get over Sam after she saw his picture in the newspaper after each dinner with him. The betrayal had been painful. She hadn't been the same after seeing those pictures. For weeks after their dinners, she'd tried to rationalize why he would take her out, make her laugh, talk to her like she was someone special and then go out with another woman. She was older now, wiser and she knew that making love with Sam would be both heaven and hell. The heaven would be in his arms and the hell being the time afterwards, when he moved on to his next lover. She couldn't do that, wouldn't go down that road.

"Sam, please, we can't do that."

He sighed and let his head fall back, closing his eyes as he regained control of his body. Looking down at her, seeing the terror in her eyes, Sam realized that he'd gone too far and too fast. There was just something about this woman that drove him more than a little nuts. It had happened when she was in college. She was too young for him and he'd barely gotten out of that situation without expiring from the lust he felt for her. But if he needed to slow down now, he could do it. He'd learned some control over the years. Not much, he thought as he considered how his body was still hard and ready for her, desperate to feel her softness.

He backed off though. Giving her the space she needed although he almost growled with frustration when he saw the relief in her eyes.

"Fine. I'll give you time." He hated the fear he saw in her eyes, but acknowledged that something had happened in her past that had put this fear there. He'd have to understand it and overcome the issues if he were to move forward with her. He was patient though. He'd waited nine years already. He could give her a little more time.

Not space though. That was the last thing he was going to do. He'd given her space when she was sixteen and she'd disappeared to her mother's house and then to college and various internships in different cities. He wasn't going to let that happen again. She was finally here, back where she belonged and he was determined to keep her here.

Well, she wasn't exactly where she belonged, he thought ruefully. He wanted her here, in his house and in his bed every day and every night. But he'd get her there. One way or another.

Taking a deep breath, he moved closer, but not too close, gauging his distance by the fear that came into her eyes. This was one scared filly, he thought, damning the man who had done this to her.

"I need to go," she said, looking down at her jacket that had fallen to the floor. She bent down and quickly picked it up, holding it in front of her like a shield. "I'll talk to you later," she said and scooted out of the office.

"Chloe," Sam called, but she was already out of the office and rushing down the hallway. He stepped out into the hallway and called to her once again.

Chloe debated about just ignoring him, but odds were that he would take a few steps and catch her, that would put her right back into his arms and she was just too fragile right now. Instead, she turned around and looked back at him, keeping her eyes on his chin instead of looking him in the eye.

"We have that dinner event tomorrow night. Can you be ready by six o'clock?"

She nodded, uncaring if it was true or not. She just had to get out of the house and back to safety.

"Fine. I'll see you later."

Chloe turned back around and almost ran out of the house, desperate to find some place to hide. She thought about returning to her dad's house, but that wasn't a good idea. She was all alone with nothing to do there. Her mind would only cause her problems and ask questions she didn't want to answer right now.

Rushing outside, she pulled on her coat, grateful for the cold gust that hit her in the face as she moved out of the warm house. Her face was flushed and she didn't want anyone else to see her like this. They would know instantly what had happened. Especially Jessy. That woman had been dropping hints that Chloe and Sam should get together. Little did she know...Chloe thought.

On impulse, Chloe swung by her dad's pickup truck and grabbed her camera bag, thinking that maybe taking pictures would be a good outlet for these strange feelings she was working through.

Nutmeg! What she needed was a long, hard run and Nutmeg was just the guy to help her do it. She rushed across the yard and down the pathway to the stables, ignoring the heavy bag hitting her leg with each step and feeling oddly as if Sam were watching her from one of the windows. That didn't make sense though because his office was on the front of the house and the stables were in the back. Besides, he was too busy to watch her walk anywhere. The man had been helping her out, ignoring his own phone calls so he could get her through the details of her business plan.

Hurrying down the pathway, she entered the stable through a side door, unwilling to risk running into anyone at this time. She found Nutmeg in his stall and patted his nose, moving on to the others and giving them attention as well. She wanted to run with all of them, but right at the moment, she needed to ride as fast as possible.

Saddling him up was quick since he obviously was ready to run as well. He was very cooperative, even nuzzling her when she moved in front of him. With the blanket and saddle in place, she led the stallion out of the stable and through the gate, then climbed up onto a fence and threw her leg over the horse. Within moments, they were flying over the ground, leaving the problems of the last hour behind her.

It took more than an hour before Nutmeg was worn out enough. They rode over hills and across the flat plains, Chloe careful to not take on any unknown pathways that might have holes that would hurt the horse. Nutmeg was wonderful and exactly what she needed to get her mind off of the way Sam had made her feel. She loved this horse and the sense of freedom he gave her as they rode together. When it was time to return to the stable, she wasn't ready, wanting to hide for a lot longer. The possibility of running into Sam was too embarrassing.

The horse had to take priority though. He was worn out and needed some water. It was also too cold outside to let him start shivering because of the sweat from his run.

She cooled Nutmeg down, walking him around the yards and along the fence line, then gave him a long rub down before patting him back into his stall. He was grateful for the ride and happy when she gave him a huge bucket of oats. The other horses were all ready for her attention as well and she took Ginger out next. She wasn't as fast, but she was strong and more than willing. Since Nutmeg had taken all the fight out, riding Ginger was just enjoyable. She laughed as Ginger pranced through the winter grasses, galloping through the hilltops. Where Nutmeg was speed, Ginger was all bounce and prancing. Goodness she was a beauty!

Cinnamon was next but by that point, Chloe wasn't sure she could take her out for a long ride. They still went down one of the paths but at a much more sedate speed than the previous two rides. She felt bad for Salt and Pepper, both of whom had been peering over the edge of their stalls, ready for their ride. She'd take them out for a long ride tomorrow, and bring extra apples for all of them.

Cinnamon was perfect for taking pictures though. She led the horse through some of her favorite pathways and, with the dimming lights, she was able to capture several startling pictures of the sun shining through the winter bare trees.

At least she hoped she had been able to capture the scene. She didn't have a printer that would allow her to print them out so she could have instant review, but she'd had pretty good success with her digital camera in the past. She also had several pictures she'd taken on weekends while in New York that she hadn't had time to review so this memory card might be filled with some good selections.

The afternoon was getting late when she finally returned. She was cleaning out their stalls that evening, talking to them as they nuzzled her neck or nudged her gently. All of them were very playful and she laughed as she sprinkled fresh hay around them for the evening.

She struggled to fall asleep that night, eager to put the whole day behind her but her mind was working overtime, going through the day and her business plan, problems with her dad and with Sam. She prayed that she was too tired to dream.

But as she drifted off, her last thought was about how she wished she were curled up with Sam beside her, keeping her warm.

Morning was early the next day, Chloe having woken up with the sheets and blanket all tangled around her because of the dream where she was making hot, passionate love to Sam and he was making her scream. She wasn't sure, but she suspected that she'd actually woken herself up with her cries.

The house was warmer than what she was used to since she'd hadn't turned the thermostat back down completely from the previous day when Sam was here. Since it was so cozy and warm, and it felt so deliciously decadent, she didn't immediately turn it back down. Instead, she enjoyed a leisurely morning, sipping her coffee and nibbling at a piece of toast, the only thing she knew how to cook without burning. She topped off her meal with an apple, then stuffed several into her coat pocket to take to her beauties.

She stopped by her own stable, still thinking it wasn't such a bad idea to get this place up and running. It was only a fifteen minute drive to Sam's house, but that was because she had to go the road way. She could actually see his house from her dad's back yard and it would be shorter if she could just drive as the crow flies. Unfortunately, there were pastured in between their houses and lots of fencing. She smiled as she thought about the expression on Sam's face if she were to drive straight through his fences to get to her wonderful horses. He'd probably be apoplectic. It would really be nice to see Sam out of control instead of her, for once.

She went through her chores for the day, worked on the stable a bit more but at a much slower pace than she had previously. Someone had delivered an air gun with instructions and cautions on how to use it and Chloe was thrilled with how easy it was to get the roof finished with the new tool. She was careful though, not wanting to nail herself or any of her own body parts as she tried to nail down the roof pieces. Sam had sent over some helpers and she could see their work on the inside of the stable and she was extremely grateful for the boards that had been replaced, new locks on the doors installed and various other things she hadn't even realized were broken.

After several hours of working and tinkering, she felt as if she'd made a great deal of progress.

Looking at her watch though, she noticed that she had to hurry if she was going to be ready for the evening. She had to not only get her dress on and do something with her hair, but she also had to mentally brace herself for an evening with Sam. She knew he was going to ask her questions and she wasn't prepared to answer them.

She showered and pulled on a cotton robe with little roses on the collar, feeling silly and young. As she applied her makeup, she used a heavier hand than normal. With curlers in her freshly blow dried hair and an eye brow curler, she wondered what Sam would think of her in this getup. He would probably cringe and walk away, she thought with a smile.

Blue eye liner, black mascara, soft, blue eye shadow, pink lipstick, concealer to hide the dark circles under her eyes and powder. At least her face was ready. Pulling the curlers out of her hair, she managed to twist the silky strands up into a high crown on her head, looking at a picture of a magazine. In the end, she thought she looked rather nice. She might not be able to cook, but she was pretty darn good at styling her own hair.

Pulling on the bright blue cocktail dress she'd never worn before, she felt pretty and sophisticated. And more than ready to face Sam.

Or so she thought. When the doorbell rang, her fingers immediately started shaking once again. She hated that but it couldn't be helped. Picking up her black coat from years gone by, she hid her hands under the coat as she walked through the cozy, lived-in family room with the tattered but extremely comfortable furniture to answer the door.

She hid her gasp as she took in Sam, in all his amazing glory as he stood there in a tuxedo and a dark, soft, cashmere coat. He was stunning, she thought as he ducked to walk through the doorway, taking off his cowboy hat as he entered.

"You look nice," he said, his eyes traveling up and down her body. "Very nice," he repeated, "even though it's not red." He stepped forward and took her coat, something Chloe wasn't anticipating. There was nothing she could do but give it to him so he could hold it for her as she slipped her arms through. "Thanks. You look rather dashing yourself," she said breathily.

"Let's go," he replied, a moment before his hands landed on her shoulders. Her back was facing him or she would have seen it coming but as it was, she almost yelped when she felt his warm lips against the back of her neck. "Sorry, couldn't resist. Too sexy," he explained as he stepped back, then took her hand, placing it on the crook of his arm as he led her out the door.

The evening turned out to be magical. On the drive to the dinner party, Sam went out of his way to make her feel comfortable. He asked her about her training regiment for the horses, gave her tips, told her about one of the guests that would most likely be at the dinner who would probably have some good ideas since he was a professional horse trainer as well, working for one of the other ranches. She asked him about the social issues that might come up at the dinner and his responses had her holding her sides with laughter when he gave her some insider information on some of the people there.

She felt grateful that he seemed to be backing off of the sexual side of their relationship.

At the house, Sam came around to the side of the car to help her out but she was already standing beside the car. That gave him an excuse to look her up and down one more time and all the sexual tension came right back.

The hostess greeted Sam warmly and then turned to Chloe, greeting her with an effusive welcome as a servant took her coat. Chloe wished she could have kept the coat because as soon as it was gone, Sam had more skin available to touch since the dress was sleeveless with a low back. And the dratted man used every opportunity to take advantage of the cut of the dress.

By the time dinner was served, Chloe was a nervous wreck and almost spilled her water when she tried to pick it up.

Thankfully, Sam was seated at one end of the table and she was at the opposite, which gave her a little time to get herself back together. She was also seated between two gentlemen who were very interesting and both had great stories to tell about when they started their own businesses. She kept her eyes off of Sam for the whole meal and was very proud of herself for accomplishing that small miracle. She told herself she was absolutely not going to look down the table and watch him be charming and entertaining to the beautiful women on either side of him and was grateful for the two men who were able to keep her occupied, even if her mind wandered to the opposite end of the table to wonder what Sam's companions were discussing with him. Would they both give him keys to their hotel rooms? Or did they live around here? And did Sam already know how to get to their houses?

When the meal was over, she heard Sam excuse himself and thought she'd have several more minutes without his disturbing company. She was wrong though. He wasn't just excusing himself, he was telling the hostess that they were leaving early. In fact, he marched right down the length of the dining room, took her arm and pulled her out of the room and away from the other guests.

"What are you doing?" she whispered harshly as he dragged her down the hallway towards the front door.

"Get our coats," he snapped to one of the servants who instantly snapped to attention to retrieve the requested items.

"Why are you being so rude?" she demanded, pulling her arm out of his grasp.

"Why are you flirting with everyone around you?" he growled back, glaring down at her.

Chloe's mouth fell open for a short moment before she snapped it closed. "I wasn't flirting with anyone!"

"Except for the two men sitting next to you and the guy across the table. Why don't they count?"

Chloe was stunned. "You thought I was flirting with them? I was just having a conversation. What's wrong with that? I did exactly what you told me to do and ask them about how they started their businesses! I didn't learn a whole lot but it was amusing and interesting and I resent you implying I was doing anything inappropriate."

Sam took the coat the servant was carrying and wrapped it around Chloe's shoulders before taking her hand and dragging her out the door. Thankfully, the car was already waiting with the valet standing at the passenger side, obviously having been alerted of a departing guest by the very efficient staff.

Once they were inside the car, Sam turned to Chloe. "From now on, you take advice only from me, understand?"

She couldn't believe he was being so ridiculous. "That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard."

"And furthermore, when a man is giving out serious advice, he doesn't look down your dress when you're head is turned away!" With that parting shot, he turned the key in the ignition and revved the engine, speeding away from the house as Chloe scrambled to latch her seatbelt.

In the stony silence that followed his command, Chloe considered what he'd said. Could the other two men have been looking down her dress? She'd thought she'd caught one of them doing so but he'd had such an innocent look on his face, she had felt silly for even thinking it. And they were both very nice gentlemen. Or was she being naive?

"Were they really looking down my dress?" she whispered, feeling humiliated and duped by men she thought were being kind and considerate.

"Yes!"

She considered that emphatic response and knew there was no reason for him to lie. Looking down at her hands, she thought about the evening. The men had been so kind and considerate but looking back, she was probably duped. "I guess you're right," she said softly and looked out the side window, turning her face away from him.

Sam was quiet for a long moment, trying to figure out what she was thinking. She'd gone from defensive and angry to...sad? It was hard to think of Chloe as sad. She was too vital and too energized. He'd never seen her this way. Never even thought of her in this way. She never let him get away with anything, was always in his face and challenging him. It was one of the things that really turned him on about her. But this...he wasn't sure what to do when she was like this.

"Maybe they were genuinely trying to help," he said, backing off his original jealous statement. He knew they weren't, but he wanted to give her something that would bring back the fight in her.

Chloe sniffed. "No they weren't. You were right. They were just...jerks who were amusing themselves with me."

Sam definitely didn't like that comment. "Chloe, I can guarantee that they might have been thinking something about you, but it definitely wasn't amusement."

"But they didn't take my business comments seriously, did they?"

Sam sighed. She had a point. "No. They probably didn't. And it's my fault."

That got her attention back to him. "Why in the world would you say something like that?"

Sam concentrated on turning onto the highway for a moment, stalling. He didn't want to hurt her feelings, but he had suspected something like this might happen. He had to be honest with her. "Because you won't let me invest in your business. Hell, you won't even tell me what you're planning to do, much less invest in it."

"What does that have to do with anything? I would have thought that would mean more to investors. It shows that I want to do this the right way and not rely on family friends."

Sam shook his head. "First of all, I'm not a family friend."

"Of course you are. You are my father's closest friend."

"That's right, and your father is my best friend. But you're going to be my lover."

"I'm not!" she fired back, sitting up straighter in her seat.

"You are," he came back with absolute certainty. "You're afraid of me for some reason, or someone did something to you in the past, but we'll work through that and we'll be lovers. Make no mistake about that."

"Nothing happened to me in the past," she lied, not wanting him to figure out that the reason she was against becoming his lover was because of the impact of the other women he'd dated right after her. But as soon as she'd said it, she realized what it meant. That she was actually afraid of him. So in reality, both statements were true, and both had just landed her in a conversation she didn't want to have.

And he picked up on it just as quickly, his mind working ten times faster than the average person's. "That means you're afraid of me. And I can fix that."

She turned away at his calm assurance, wanting to break his confidence. "What makes you so sure?"

"Because there have been times when you weren't afraid of me."

Chloe didn't want to go there. "What makes you think those men's' treatment of me was your fault?"

"Because you were with me and I haven't invested in your business. They don't understand, and wouldn't understand no matter how much explaining you do. If I'm not in it, but I'm close to you, then they see it as me not endorsing your business venture. If I don't endorse something, most people don't trust it either."

Chloe realized the truth of his comment. It wasn't bragging, it was just a calm statement of fact. "So, when I attend these functions with you, they're all going to treat me as a non-entity unless I let you invest. Do I understand this correctly?"

"That's basically it, yes."

"That's...."

"That's business. Many of those men in there have asked me to be on their board of directors or are in business with me themselves."

"And they know that all your ventures are profitable."

Sam only nodded his head. "I have a bit of luck on my side."

Chloe laughed. "You have a bit of financial genius, Sam. Don't be coy."

Sam chuckled. "I've never been accused of being coy."

They pulled into her driveway at that point and Sam turned off the engine. "Invite me inside, Chloe."

She couldn't believe she actually thought about it. He was very tempting as he leaned one arm against the steering wheel and the other on the back of her seat. "I'm not inviting you inside."

"Why not?"

"Because it would be pointless." She reached down and unlatched her seat belt, not daring to look at him.

"I could change your mind."

That brought her head back up. "Please don't," she whispered.

He considered her request for a long moment. "I'll make a deal with you. I won't try and convince you to invite me inside, even though we both know it would be incredible..." he put a finger over her lips when she started to protest, "but you have to do something for me."

Chloe started to agree, but then realized that she didn't have to do anything. "Sam..."

"If you argue with me, I'm going to lean over and kiss you until you're speechless. And you know I can," he said with his deep sexy voice going even huskier.

"You have to let me invest in whatever business you're trying to start up. I want a forty-nine percent share."

She opened her mouth to argue but he put a finger to her lower lip this time. "In return for that share, I'll make sure you're introduced to all the right people but just to show you how much confidence I have in your abilities, I won't say anything to anyone when I introduce you. You do all the talking, all the convincing. That way, you can create your own network, show the business people and potential clients than you're serious about whatever it is you want to do, and then let your expertise do the rest."

She thought about it for a moment, the darkness of the truck creating a sort of cocoon around them, insulating them from the outside influences. And possibly reason, Chloe thought.

"And what if I don't agree?"

Sam smiled and leaned forward about an inch. "Then I get out of this car, carry you inside, make love to you until you're mind blows, then ask you all kinds of questions about why you waited so long to let something like that happen between us."

"That's blackmail," she said with a hoarse voice, her eyes unable to break away from his gaze.

"I don't play fair. Remember that."

"Fine," she said after thinking about it for a brief second. "But don't forget that you're teaching me everything you know. So payback will be hell." She reached for the door handle and heard him say, "I'm counting on it," with his sexy, deep chuckle.

Chloe stormed into her house, slamming the front door behind her and turned on every light she could. She wanted to break the spell that had captured her common sense out in the dark truck and the only way she could think of right at the moment was to make the world as bright as possible.

Chapter 5

"Take it back, Sam!" she demanded, storming into his office. She didn't even care that he was on the phone.

"What's up, Chloe?"

"It's too much," she said, slapping the contract documents onto the middle of his desk. "Take it back now!" She'd just been going over the contract with her father that Sam had sent over earlier that morning. When she'd come to the amount he was going to invest, she'd gasped and her father had chuckled. Confronting him immediately had been her only response.

Sam smiled into her blue eyes and chuckled. "Chloe, may I introduce you to George Wilson? He's my ranch manager."

Chloe turned abruptly, only then realizing that someone else was in the office. "Oh!"

The man who had been sitting in one of the big leather chairs in front of Sam's desk, stood up, reaching out with one hand to greet her. "It's a pleasure ma'am. I've seen you with those horses of yours and I'm real impressed with how well they're treated. You're doing a great job with them."

Chloe forced a smile onto her face, trying desperately to counter her rudeness for barging in on a meeting. "I'm so sorry to have interrupted. I'll just come back later."

"We're finished," Sam said and stood up himself, shaking George's hand as well. The man left a moment later and Chloe looked contrite. "I'm really sorry, Sam. I was just too angry..."

"Don't worry about it. We really were pretty much finished." He came around the desk and looked down at her, noting her bright blue eyes and rosy cheeks. "You've been out riding recently, haven't you?"

That completely threw her off. "Yes, but how did you know?"

"You always look a bit more alive after you've been riding. Makes you look prettier than normal."

He did it again, tossing out a compliment instead of doing what she expected. "Sam..."

"What's on your mind?" he asked, taking her hand in his large, warm one and turning it over, examining the palm, running a pattern over the calluses. "You need to wear gloves when you're riding, Chloe," he said softly.

She tried to pull her hand away but he wouldn't release it. "Sam, please.."

"Please carry you upstairs and make love to you?"

"No..."

"Ah, so you're going to finally explain why I scare you?"

"No..."

"When then?"

She blinked, then shook her head, trying to concentrate but it was hard when he was doing that to her hand. It sent shivers all the way up her arm, then downward, pooling in her belly. "Sam..." she whispered.

"Kiss you?" he replied back just as softly. "Don't mind if I do." Without any hesitation, he leaned down and kissed her softly, his lips barely touching hers. It was just a ghost of a kiss but Chloe's eyes closed.

When she realized he wasn't going to do more than that, her eyes popped open, only to see him looking down at her hand. "You have lovely hands. Why don't you protect them with gloves?"

Chloe tried once again to pull her hand free, but he only tucked it between both of his, then let their hands fall. She was painfully aware of how close her hand was to his manhood and wanted desperately to pull it away, but she was equally afraid that he might not realize how close it was, and making any movement might make him aware.

"What did you want to discuss?" he said, his hips leaning against his desk as he looked down at her.

She thought back, trying to remember what had made her so angry. "The contract!" she remembered, feeling proud of herself for finally figuring it out. "Your investment, you put in too much money."

"I didn't."

"Yes, you did. Look at the figure on the contract. You put too much money into my account and I don't feel right. You don't even know what I'm going to try and do, so how can you consider if the investment will be successful?"

"Get over it. You're going to need all of that and more but the rest will come as you start to find buyers for whatever it is you plan to sell. That's about all I know of your venture, but I'm sure it's going to be pretty amazing."

"No, it isn't right," she said.

"I'm not taking it back but I'll help you figure out how to spend it if that's what will help you get over the amount."

She bit her lower lip, considering what she was about to say carefully. "What if I fail, Sam?"

"You won't."

She eyed him warily. "Why are you so sure about that? You could lose a lot of money if I don't do this correctly."

He sighed and pulled her closer so she was standing between his legs. "Chloe, have a little faith in yourself and in me. I'm going to help you every step of the way. If you think someone's cheating you, come to me. I guarantee that someone has tried just about every scam in the books on me and I've seen through it. You're going to be okay."

When his hands moved up her arms, she shivered in response. "Sam?"

"Why are you afraid of me, Chloe?" he said softly, gently kissing her forehead, her ear, her cheek. "Talk to me. Explain this to me."

Chloe loved what he was doing to her. She felt safe, secure and yet trembly all at the same time. And her legs weren't able to get her away. "You're too much," she finally said.

"Too much what?" he asked, his hand skimming her back, both hands resting on her hips and pulling her closer.

"Too much everything," she answered, leaning against him, putting her hands on his chest. "You make me feel too much." It wasn't the main reason, but it was a part of it and something she was able to admit to him without humiliation.

"And this is a bad thing?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

She closed her eyes as he bent his head to kiss her neck. She lifted up on her toes to give him better access. "Because I don't feel it from anyone else," she finally admitted, no longer able to resist him. Her eyes were closed and her hands fisted against his chest. Her breath was caught in her throat as she waited for him to find another spot. When he didn't move, she finally opened her eyes and looked up at him.

Sam couldn't believe what she'd just told him. She was afraid of what he made her feel because she'd never experienced it with another man? "Chloe, are you telling me that you've never..."

She put her fingers over his mouth to stop him. "No. I've never been with a man." She stepped away from him and took a deep breath. "And now that I'm completely humiliated, I think I'll head home and bury myself with my shame."

Sam couldn't believe what she'd said. And by the time his mind started working again, she was already out the door. With a curse, he rushed through the house, shouting her name. He finally folund her, but she was beside her car and getting in, tears streaming down her cheeks as she fought to get the car door unlocked.

Ripping open the front door, he hurried outside, desperate to get to her before she left. "Chloe stop!"

But she didn't. She only hurried faster. And before he could get down the damn steps, she was pulling away, tearing down the driveway like someone was about to kill her. Or trap her, which he would have done.

Storming back into the house, he grabbed his keys and went after her, determined to talk to her and get out the whole story. There was definitely more to her statement than what she'd said.

Sam drove over to her house as if he was being chased by the furies, which might actually be the case since he was so furious and confused. What she'd said just didn't make sense and he thought she might be confused with what he had actually been asking her. And for some reason, he suspected that it was extremely important that the issue be cleared up.

When he arrived at her house, there wasn't anyone there and it looked like no one had been there for a while. He thought about waiting for her, but he didn't think he could stand still for that long.

He drove over to the stable, she wasn't there either. Where else she could be, he had no idea. He tried calling her on her cell phone, but she wasn't picking up. She was off the grid, at least for a little while. But he'd find her, he thought as he drove back home. She couldn't hide out forever.

Chloe wished she could just curl up into a ball and hide for the rest of her life. She wanted so desperately to take back the whole conversation. The look on Sam's face when she realized that she was still a virgin was horrible. She hated that he thought of her in that way.

Oh, why couldn't she have just experimented with one of the guys she'd dated? Why was she so odd now? It was back to those college dinners ago all over again, feeling like a little kid wanting to play with the teenagers! But this time she wasn't going to let him hurt her. She wasn't some starry eyed college student, eager to show off what she'd learned that semester at college. She was a woman seriously trying to start a business, to grow something she'd dreamed of for years.

Chloe held back the tears for as long as she could but eventually she was able to find a side road and pull off. As soon as she was sure she was hidden from view, she let the tears flow. Why had she said anything? This was ridiculous how she continued to let her mouth run away from her when she was around Sam. What was it about this man that made her sound stupid and look inept?

For a long time, she didn't move, just let the tears flow. She didn't try and figure out a solution, just wallowed in self pity. It was the past coming back to repeat itself. Why couldn't she learn from her mistakes?

After what was probably only a few minutes, but felt like an hour, she looked up and tried to get her bearings. She had no idea where she was, but she started her engine once again and backed out of the area she'd found to park. The road was deserted when she finally reached it and none of it looked familiar. She went in one direction for about five miles, thinking surely she would come across a landmark she recognized. But when nothing came into view except more prairie grass, she thought it was probably wise to turn around and head back in the other direction. She remembered making a couple of turns, but she wasn't exactly sure where those streets were or which direction she'd turned. She'd been pretty distraught when she'd headed out of there.

She turned onto a road that looked vaguely familiar, but wasn't sure if it would take her back to the ranch or get her more lost than she already was. She'd been on it for less than five minutes when she started to see houses. Then the smaller businesses appeared. And after another mile, she was in a small city with a bustling town square filled with quaint shops and lots of people milling about on the sidewalks.

There didn't appear to be any businesses other than small art shops and specialty restaurants but she also saw a theatre, two playgrounds, a pool hall and several night spots that were currently closed because of the daylight hours.

Parking on one of the side streets, she pocketed her keys and pulled her purse over her head, enjoying the moment of freedom away from Sam's too-knowing eyes.

She wandered through the shops, looking at some of the antiques that were for sale, feeling some lovely, handmade quilts and wishing she could curl up in one of them. There was a pretty white one with various white patterned fabrics that looked both country as well as elegant. She rubbed her hand along the silky fabric and her mind wandered to what it might look like on her bed.

"Dammit!" she muttered when she realized that it wasn't actually her bed she was picturing the quilt on. It was Sam's! And Sam was in it. Or more specifically, he was on it. And so was she!

She stormed out of the shop and walked quickly down the sidewalk, trying to get the image of Sam, naked and hot for her, out of her mind. That was never going to happen! Not after today and his stunned reaction to her comment.

Her only salvation was that she hadn't blurted out her jealousy over the other women. At least now she could face him and shrug off her comment, lie and tell him that she'd been with other men, but none had made her feel the same way he did. He'd never have to know that she was a virgin, silly and untouched at twenty five and a complete oddball in a world where sex was taken for granted with dating couples.

And maybe she could even get out that it wasn't desire he made her feel that others hadn't been able to engender within her, but anger, frustration and irritation at how obnoxious he was.

Or maybe she should just leave it alone, thinking he might challenge her assertion on what he actually made her feel. She could just imagine him pulling her into his arms, his eyes determined and ready to take on her challenge.

She wouldn't stand a chance, she thought with a shiver.

Goodness, she just hoped he didn't go back and have a talk with her father. That would definitely be embarrassing but her father knew better than to tell her secrets. Not that he knew how she felt about Sam. Her father might have wanted something to blossom between his daughter and his neighbor several years ago, but she was pretty sure that dream had died when she'd refused to go out to dinner with Sam after college.

With her camera bag in hand, she found a small print shop and went to one of the self service kiosks. When she plugged the memory chip in, she saw several month's worth of pictures she'd taken and smiled at the memories she'd captured.

Knowing that pictures looked different in print than on a computer screen, she selected several of the best shots and sent them to print out. While waiting for the pictures to be processed, she leafed through several magazines, but wasn't really able to remember anything she'd read. By the time her number was called to pick up her photographs, she was a nervous wreck.

She ducked into a cute little restaurant and took a deep breath. Pulling the envelope out of her purse, she closed her eyes and said a silent prayer. Hopefully, the pictures turned out like she wanted them to but she was never certain.

The waitress arrived and Chloe hid the pictures while she ordered a sandwich and sweet tea, grateful when the waitress left and she could once again flip through her pictures.

Holding her breath, she glanced through the first few photos. As her eyes took in the scenes on the small pieces of photo paper, she was relieved, even excited, when she realized that most of the pictures had captured exactly what she'd wanted. There was the man on the ridge, sitting on his horse as the sun set behind him. The man and horse were black while the sunset behind him had the sky on fire with pinks, reds and yellows. The man's head was bowed slightly, making him seem sad, almost despondent. In reality, he'd probably been sleeping or looking at a weed, but the picture didn't know that and she smiled as she continued looking.

There was another woman sitting on a park bench in New York, her eyes lonely and sad while people bustled all around her. It represented the way she'd felt all those months in the city, being surrounded by people moving around her but no true connections being formed. She smiled as she saw the picture of the field of wildflowers, all periwinkle and happy flower faces and she could actually feel the wind in the picture. But what stood out was the one soft yellow flower in the middle of all the periwinkle. She had thought it represented rebellion and assertion of one's spirit despite an overwhelming tide of pressure to conform. There were others as well and Chloe sifted through them slowly, remembering how she felt while trying to capture each scene.

"Hey Joe!" the waitress called out loudly from behind Chloe's left shoulder.

Chloe quickly grabbed all the pictures, trying to hide them but several of them fell onto the table and floor in the mad scramble.

"Come over here, Joe!" the waitress called out, setting Chloe's sweet tea on the table while picking up several of the wayward photographs, looking at the details.

A man came out of the back, wiping his hands on a huge apron as he walked through the restaurant, clapping some people on the back, nodding to others. The man had a head full of red hair that she suspected he dyed to a more shocking color, but it could possibly be natural. His solid black tee shirt had white words that read, "Never Underestimate The Power Of A Sick Mind".

"What's up, Debbie?" he asked as he approached. His eyes automatically went to the pictures, taking them out of Debbie's hands.

"Please, can I have those back?" Chloe asked, her voice strangled with embarrassment.

"Not so fast," Joe replied and held the picture up higher so Chloe couldn't snatch them out of his hand. After looking at several, he turned to look down at Chloe, obvious interest and respect shining through. "Do you have more like this?"

"Please, these are very personal. I'd rather..."

"Well of course they're personal. They're amazing!" He took a seat across from her, nodding to Debbie. "Yep, this is exactly what we were talking about."

"What do you mean?" Chloe was starting to panic now that others were seeing her private work. She'd never intended for anyone to see these pictures and here were two strangers peering down at something so private it was as if she'd been stripped naked in front of a crowd.

"Joe likes making things a bit quirky around here and he thought that he could balance things like that dinosaur over there," Debbie explained, pointing behind her to a seven foot metal dinosaur with different colored fins running down its back and an Elvis wig and sunglasses, "with some intellectual art that he could put up on the walls. You name the price and we'll get the customers in here to buy them."

Chloe's eyes went back and forth between the strange looking man sitting across from her and the pretty blond waitress standing beside him with her hand on the big man's shoulder. "You want to put them on display?" she asked, trying to take the pictures out of Joe's hands but he simply pulled them away and picked up a few more. "You can't!"

Joe shook his head, denying Chloe her pictures as well as her claim that they shouldn't be on display. "Honey, these are really good. You've got to put them on display. And what better place then here? I get all sorts in her during the week for lunch. There's the business people from Dallas who rush through and grab their lunch as fast as possible, but they're standing in a line going out the door and need something to look at as they rush through my line. Then around one thirty, all the debutants come through for their leisurely lunch and they'd get a kick out of seeing something original, a new artist they can say they discovered. Around three or four o'clock, that's when the shoppers come by, especially Friday through Sunday. They come in, have a cup of herbal tea and reminisce about all the stuff they bought, and they'd just love to top off their shopping expedition with a new photograph if an unknown artist." He put the other pictures down and looked across the table at Chloe. "What do you say?"

Initially Chloe had been adamant that there would be no way she would display her pictures. At least not yet. But as Joe talked, and the way he looked at her pictures, she started to re-evaluate her position. Isn't this what she and Sam had been working on for the past week? And if she displayed them here in the restaurant, she wouldn't need the overhead expense of a private gallery. She could give back most of what Sam had wanted to invest. She could do this more on her own and be much more independent. Same would never need to know what she was up to. Her only real investment would be some quirky picture frames to capture the patrons' attention and maybe one or two of her photographs would sell.

And even better, Sam would never see her pictures. No one would need to know that she was the artist. She could come up with a pseudonym and hide her identity. If anyone were to criticize her pictures, it would be much easier to shrug off their hurtful comments and go on about her business.

If she could do this anonymously, failure would be much easier to swallow.

But success would also be much sweeter, she thought.

"I don't know," she said, carefully hiding her precious pictures back into the package. "I'm not sure I'm ready."

The waitress shook her head, glancing down at the pictures Joe was still sorting through. "Honey, you're ready."

Joe chuckled. "How about this. You let me hang your stuff up here for one month and if nothing sells, no one will know anything about it. You don't even have to use your real name if you want to remain anonymous. Although, I can guarantee that these pictures will sell."

Those were exactly the thoughts she'd just been sifting through in her mind. Chloe couldn't believe what she was hearing. Did she want others to see her photographs? Was she ready for that kind of vulnerability?

"Can I think about it?"

Joe smiled and patted her hand. "Absolutely. Why don't you give me a call tomorrow and we'll talk more. Here's my card," he said and fished one out of his shirt pocket, still overflowing with pens, more cards and even a teaspoon measurer. "I can tell this is a new idea for you. Trust me, you're ready."

With that, he shoved away from the table and walked away after winking at Chloe. "Lunch is on the house," he said and Debbie nodded her head in agreement. "Incentive," she whispered to Chloe.

Chloe ate a sandwich, but wasn't sure what had been between the bread. She was so overwhelmed at the idea of someone buying her pictures that her mind was completely focused on that. She drove back to Sam's that afternoon in a complete daze, and didn't even mind when Sam brushed by her, telling her they needed to talk.

She ignored him, of course, and went down the hallway to visit with her father. But after a thirty minute conversation, she walked out to feed the animals and had no idea what she and her father had discussed. She walked to the stable, unknowing that she had a smile on her face and the color in her cheeks was higher than normal. Sam noticed though. He watched her as she went from stall to stall, putting feed into the water troughs and water into the oats buckets. She cleaned out ten of the stalls before she realized that she'd done more than she needed to, then went back to nuzzle the horse's muzzles, giving them the attention they were craving.

When she saddled up Cinnamon, Sam wasn't sure what he should do. He was worried that she might fall off her horse while riding like this, so he quickly saddled up Damian and followed her. He started to get angry when she didn't even realize she was being followed. What was going on in that pretty little head of hers? Where had she gone this afternoon?

The more he thought about it and followed her through the pathways, the more he thought that perhaps she'd met a guy in town. Someone she really liked. And he really didn't like the idea of her finding another man. Dammit! She was supposed to be here! In his house and falling for him! What the hell was she doing going after some other guy?

He followed her all the way back to the stable, becoming more and more agitated with each step. The fool woman was going to get herself killed, he thought as he followed her into the stable.

He jumped off his horse and hurried over to her.

"Where did you go this afternoon?" he demanded, grabbing the brush she'd been using to brush down Cinnamon. He started working the horse for her, needing the outlet.

Chloe almost fell onto the bale of hay as she watched in fascination as Sam's strong hand stroked down the horse, soothing the muscles with one hand after the brush stroke. Half of her mind watched, wishing he could do that to her, while the other half was still sifting through her photographs, trying to figure out which she should allow Joe and Debbie to display.

Sam finally turned around when she didn't respond to any of his questions. The look on her face was dreamy, almost as if she weren't really here. The smile was a bit like the Mona Lisa and Sam knew that she had some sort of secret she was hiding from him.

"I have to go," Chloe said and walked out of the stall, patting the other horses on the nose as she walked by each of them.

Back at her father's house, she tossed her coat over the back of the sofa and poured herself a glass of water. She wasn't even aware of Sam pulling up beside her truck and getting out as she looked through the pantry, trying to decide if she was hungry or not.

"What the hell is going on, Chloe?" Sam demanded, not even bothering to knock as he walked into the house, slamming the door behind her. "You race out of my house earlier today after dropping that bomb, then you show up this evening looking like you were smoking something funny."

Chloe laughed. "You know I wouldn't ever do anything as stupid as drugs."

He put his hands on his hips and glared at her. "Twenty-four hours ago, I would have agreed with you. So you'd better explain what happened this afternoon and where you've been."

She looked across the family room at him, so tall and strong, so confident it made her knees weak just to look at him. "You're very handsome, Sam," she replied, not bothering to tell him anything about her afternoon. But she'd definitely changed. Her discussion with Joe had done something to her and she really liked it.

She had no idea if the feeling would last, or even if she would go through displaying her photographs in his restaurant, but it was a magical feeling to know that someone else liked her work.

"Okay, what gives," he said forcefully, walking towards her and running a hand through his hair. "You're driving me nuts, Chloe."

In response, she reached up and touched his jaw gently, her fingers caressing him and taking her time touching him, experiencing what that scruffy cheek felt like and satisfying her curiosity.

She was about to let her hand drop but Sam's larger hand covered hers, keeping her hand in place. "I'm not really sure what's going on here, Chloe."

She smiled gently, then stood on tip toe and kissed his jaw, the only place she could reach.

In response, his eyes flared and he took a deep, shuddering breath. "Do you have any idea what you're doing?" he asked and pulled her closer.

"Yes." She didn't smile but kissed the middle of his chest, fascinated by the man standing so still. He'd never been still before and she was taking advantage of the moment. She moved from his chest to his arms, loving the way the muscles flexed, the way her fingers could make things happen underneath his rough shirt.

"Chloe!" he growled and picked her up, lifting her so she was eye level with him and her feet were dangling a foot off the ground. "God help you if you didn't want this because I can't stop after your touch," he explained a moment before his mouth covered hers, ravaging her mouth.

Chloe wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, clinging to him even as he held her in his strong arms, carrying her to her bedroom and laying her down on the bed. He looked down at her but she wouldn't let him change his mind. Her own was made up and she kissed him with everything she had, encouraging him with her mouth, her hands and her body.

When she felt his body's reaction, she knew she'd won and there was a not so subtle change in their lovemaking. Before, she'd been doing all the kissing while he'd participated, but was holding back. With her body's permission, he took charge, his body covering hers, pressing her back while his hands explored, pulling her clothes off while his fingers found secret places, smiling slightly when he got a reaction from her, a flinch, a gasp or a moan of pleasure. He was relentless in his pursuit of her pleasure and when his fingers unbuttoned her jeans, sliding them down her legs, she was pushing them off right along with him, then pulling him back into her arms.

As his fingers explored her body, she tried to do the same to him but he was so merciless, she couldn't focus enough to do anything more than grasp his shoulders as he played her body like a master, eliciting a mixture of gasps and sighs which she didn't even try to control. She reveled in the freedom she was feeling right now.

Sam couldn't believe what was happening. Just this morning she'd rushed out of his house, terrified because she'd admitted he made her feel things other men hadn't been able to make her feel. Now she was giving him free reign over her beautiful body. It was like he'd been given a glimpse of heaven and he was going to enjoy it while it lasted, getting answers later from this woman he'd wanted for so long.

When his fingers slid between her legs, there was no hesitation, no embarrassment and he wondered slightly if he'd misunderstood what she'd told him this morning. Her reactions were not that of a virgin, although he'd never had sex with one before so he wasn't a good judge of what was right or wrong. And more to the point, she was opening for him. He had to reign in his need when his fingers found her warmth, finding her hot and wet and more than ready for him. He touched her, exploring her hidden folds while he watched her reactions. When she closed her eyes and arched into his hand, he just about lost what little control he had. A moment later, his thumb flicked against her and he had the enormous pleasure of watching this woman splinter apart, feeling her climax with his fingers and seeing the pleasure wash over her face.

And when the storm subsided, he stood up and tore off his jeans, his body clamoring to be back with her, to feel her against his skin but he knew he wouldn't last very long. He'd wanted her for too long and she was more beautiful than he'd imagined.

When he came back down to the bed, her legs opened for him, just as her arms wrapped around his shoulders. He'd thought heaven was when he'd watched her a moment ago, but as he slowly slid into her warmth, feeling her close around him and watching her mouth open in surprise as he filled her up, he knew that this had to be the most incredible moment of his life.

He tried to go slow. He tried desperately hard to enter her carefully so he wouldn't hurt her. But she just felt too good and he couldn't stop himself when he moved past her barrier, then stilled in only mild surprise that she really was a virgin. His body ached but he forced himself to hold still, letting her own body accustom itself to his size and invasion.

When he felt her relax, take him deeper by pressing her hips against his own, he knew she'd just given him the signal that she was okay. He didn't need anything else at this moment. Just Chloe and her body wrapped around his.

Okay, so maybe he needed one more thing, he thought with grim amusement. "Come with me, Chloe," he urged as he moved inside her warmth. He watched her face, getting clues from her face and her gasps what felt good. It didn't matter at all to him because every stroke felt mind blowingly good to him. He had to clench his teeth to control his own climax, knowing she was very close to her own. When he found a rhythm that she liked, he stuck with it, pushing her harder, pressing his body to make it better for her.

His reward was to watch her explode, to feel her clench around him and he couldn't believe at how strong his own climax was. It felt as if she were draining every ounce of stress and tension from his body. As he collapsed, he pulled her to him, burying his face against in her neck and reveling in the amazing scent of this woman who had taken him to a place he'd never experienced before.

When he was finally able to breathe once again, he lifted himself up on his elbows and looked down at her. He almost laughed at the cat-like satisfied expression on her face as she smiled up at him, her legs rubbing against his hips and her fingers trailing down his arms.

"What happened?" he asked, wanting to know what had occurred to change her mind from twelve hours ago.

Chloe laughed softly and moved to make herself more comfortable, letting her hands run down his massive shoulders and chest. "I thought I was the one to ask that question."

Sam sighed and moved to his side, keeping her close. He wanted to talk, to understand the events of the day, almost afraid to trust the luck of having this woman in his arms. "Chloe..." he started out, then adjusted her as she snuggled up into his arms so she was more to her liking. Using his shoulder as a pillow, she curled up next to him and closed her eyes, still smiling.

"Hmmm?" she asked sleepily.

"Don't fall asleep, Chloe," he warned and leaned up so he could look down at her.

Too late, he realized. She was already curled up, her breathing even and her hands wrapped around his arm. Even in her sleep she sighed contentedly and Sam didn't have the heart to wake her up and question her.

He reached for the phone by her bed and called Jessy, letting her know that he'd be gone for the night and not to hold up dinner for him. He then turned off the bedside light, pulled the blanket over their naked bodies and pulled her closer, rearranging the sleeping beauty against him. He then stared up at the ceiling and tried to work through their previous conversations, looking for clues that might have led to this turn of events.

Sam woke up and reached out to find Chloe, wanting her close to him again. But as his hand moved across the sheets, the sensuous beauty who had turned to him over and over again during the night was no longer there. He woke up fully and looked around. It was just before dawn and a hazy light was shining through the windows. But no Chloe.

He looked through the rest of the house, but she wasn't in the shower or the kitchen, or even her father's bedroom. When he looked out into the driveway, he realized that even her dad's truck was gone and her coat was no longer tossed over the sofa where she'd left it last night.

"Damn woman!" he growled and stomped to the bathroom to shower before pulling on his clothes, cursing the cold water he endured for less than the five minutes it took him to clean up after the passionate night.

He drove like a mad man over to his house, slamming the door as he walked through to the kitchen and damn if Jessy didn't glance at him like he was a lunatic.

"Where is she?" he demanded.

Jessy turned back to continue stirring whatever it was she was cooking on the stove. "I was hoping the 'she' you're referring to was Chloe and 'she' was the woman you spent the night with and 'she' might have put you in a better mood." She glared back at him and said, "Obviously I was completely wrong on all my assumptions."

Sam didn't even bother to correct her before he stormed out of the kitchen and into his bedroom to change clothes. He only took the time to throw on clean clothes before he was out the door again, this time heading down to the stable to find out if she had been there.

Several of the ranch hands he questioned had seen her, and he realized that Pepper was gone from his stall. So he was slightly relieved that at least Chloe was on his property somewhere, but she wasn't where she was supposed to be, he growled as he went back up to the house for breakfast.

"Did Chloe at least stop and get breakfast?" he asked Jessy when he entered and tossed his coat onto a hook.

"She took one of my famous muffins and I made her she had a thermos full of hot coffee. I also packed some extra muffins and some fruit for her, but I'm not sure if she knew what was going on. She had a kind of dazed look in her eyes."

"Still?"

Jessy laughed, completely delighted with his reaction as well as the confused look on his face. "Again, at the time, I assumed that was because you had spent the night with her. But from that dumbfounded look on your face, I'm guessing there's a different reason. Care to tell me what happened and who you were with last night?"

Sam ignored her jibe and ate up the distance between the kitchen and Chloe's father's room, taking two cups of coffee with him. Jim was getting more mobile, but Sam didn't want him to push it too much. Chloe already worried about her father too much.

"Have you seen Chloe this morning?" Sam asked as he handed the older man one of the cups of coffee.

"Sure," Jim replied, taking a long, fortifying sip of the brew. "She brought me the newspaper, but she was in a big rush. Didn't mention where she was going though."

"And you didn't ask?"

Jim chuckled and shook his head. "Chloe has been all over this ranch several times over so I'm not worried." He paused for a moment. "She did have an odd look about her though. Not sure what that was about."

Sam forced himself to stay and talk business for a few more minutes, ignoring the pain in his gut as he worried about Chloe but not wanting her father to think something was up. Sam had always suspected that Jim wanted Chloe and him to get together, but there was a big difference between a father wanting his daughter to marry his best friend and business partner, and being okay with his friend and business partner sleeping with his daughter.

"I'd better get to work," Sam replied about fifteen minutes into the conversation.

Jim watched as the man he considered a son walked out of his room. Sam was so torn up and twisted into knots over his pretty Chloe that he didn't know what to do. Jim knew, but he suspected that Sam was too much of a gentleman to just toss his daughter over his shoulder and bring her to bed. Jim knew that Sam wanted to marry his Chloe so it didn't bother him about the bed thing. It just meant he would have grandkids sooner.

Although those two were sure taking the hard road getting to those grandkids, he thought and made his way to the kitchen to get Jessy's side of the situation. The two of them regularly collaborated on getting Sam and Chloe together and the past few weeks had been harder than expected.

Sam saddled his horse and headed in the direction one of his men had seen Chloe heading out earlier this morning. He went several miles to the west, then backtracked, trying a different route. He saw several fresh horse prints, but he wasn't a good enough tracker to know if they were Chloe's Pepper or another ranch hand's trail. He kept fanning out in different directions trying to spot her, but three hours later, he gave up and returned to the stable, hoping she might have already returned. She rarely stayed out this long on a saddle and if she was riding this long, she'd have a horrible time tonight with sore muscles.

By nightfall, he was a mess. She hadn't been back to the stable when he'd returned, nor had she returned for lunch. By mid-afternoon, he had organized a whole search party to find her, with several of the men already reporting back via cell phone that they hadn't found her. Those were the ones Sam had sent off to check the most dangerous areas, so at least he could ease his mind that she wasn't in one of the ravines or fallen into the river on the east side of his property.

He was running his fingers through his hair, worried sick and now even Jessy and Jim were becoming concerned. So when she walked into the house just as dinner was normally being served, Sam almost lost it.

"Where the hell have you been all day?" he roared.

Chloe turned and calmly shut the door. "I heard from the other ranch hands that you had people out searching for me. I've already gone around to all the men and apologized for being so thoughtless. And I'm truly sorry, Sam. I didn't realize anyone would be out looking for me today. I'm not normally back until this point anyway so it didn't occur to me to check in earlier in the day."

Sam had been prepared for defiance, braced himself for her yelling right back at him. So when she calmly stated that she was wrong and apologizing for that, he wasn't sure where to go with his anger. It was still there, completely undiffused by her apology, but he was still sick with worry.

"You should have checked in," he said, but he pulled back on the tone, forcing himself to accept her apology even though he wanted to turn her over his knee and spank her adorable little butt.

"I know." She turned to Jessy and Jim. "I'm really sorry. Dinner smells absolutely delicious. I'm really hungry. Would you mind if I grabbed something to eat?"

Jessy and Jim stared at Chloe, then back to Sam, wondering what might happen next between these two.

Jessy was the first to snap out of it. "Sure, darlin'. Come on this way. It's about time you had a hot meal in that skinny belly of yours," she mumbled as she led the way back to the kitchen.

Jim stayed and watched Sam for a moment longer before chuckling. "She's not going to change, Sam. I can guarantee that I never figured her out. One minute, she's worry about her algebra test, the next she's charging full force on a mission to clothe the homeless. Trying to figure out which way she's going to turn is part of her charm."

Sam glared back at the man he'd looked up to for more years than he could remember. "Does it ever get easier to deal with?"

Jim laughed. "Nope. But it sure is fun to watch." With that, he shuffled into the kitchen on his crutches, leaving Sam to cool down and decide how he was going to deal with the woman he loved.

Chloe was helping to dish out four portions of chili with sour cream, grated cheese and chopped onions when Sam walked in to join them for dinner. He watched the three people he loved more than anything in the world and came to a decision.

After Jim asked the blessing for the food, Sam waited two heartbeats before he made his announcement. "Chloe and I are getting married."

He only heard one spoon clatter to the table and knew who had caused the jumble. Looking up, sure enough, Chloe was staring at him like he was crazy while Jim and Jessy simply passed the basket of biscuits, acting like he'd just announced that he was going to get the tires rotated on all the ranch trucks.

"Good for you," Jim said and started buttering his still warm biscuit, popping a chunk into his mouth.

"'Bout time," Jessy mumbled and put a biscuit on Chloe's plate, passing the basket on to Sam.

Sam looked across the table and winked at Chloe, then sampled his chili, complimenting Jessy on a perfect bowl of the spicy stew.

Conversation pinged across the table, wedding dates were discussed and it was settled that they would be married in the back of the house in April, when the weather was just starting to warm up but wouldn't be too hot.

Sam kept glancing at Chloe, but the only reaction he could see was the shaking of her fingers as she spooned the chili into her mouth. He wondered if she even realized how spicy it was, but she just kept on eating.

After the meal, Jessy shooed everyone out of her kitchen but Jim plopped himself on a bar stool to finish his coffee. Sam took Chloe's hand and led her into the great room, determined to have it out with the little woman who had twisted him into knots for the last two days.

"Okay, let's hear it."

"Hear what?" she asked, staring at the middle of his chest.

"Aren't you going to argue with me?" he demanded, hands on his hips and bracing himself for her yelling at his highhandedness.

She shook her head and looked up at him, then placed her hand on his stomach, her fingers moving across the muscles underneath the shirt. "I'm really sorry you were worried about me. It won't happen again."

"Damn right it won't," he agreed. "You're going to wake me up before you leave every morning.'

She laughed softly. "Am I?" She stepped closer, her face pressing against his chest while her fingers moved upwards. When she accidentally rubbed across his flat nipple and heard his intake of breath, her hand paused, then moved back again, gaining the same reaction.

Sam's hand came up to stop her teasing and he pulled her head back by pulling on her hair. "Yes!"

"Am I going to be close enough to wake you up tomorrow morning?" she asked, then turned her head, biting his nipple gently just like he'd done to her last night.

"Dammit Chloe! Stop that," he said and pulled her head back.

"Why?" she asked, looking at him innocently, meanwhile, her now free hand moved downward, sliding down his stomach, and lower.

When he tried to move out of her way, she laughed and shook her head. "Sam, where is your bedroom?"

Sam wasn't immune to her lovely eyes, or the sensuous smile she gave him. "Woman, you're driving me crazy," he growled a moment before he swung her up into his arms and carried her up the stairs, kicking his bedroom door shut behind him.

Back in the kitchen, Jessy opened a bottle of beer and placed it in front of Jim, then opened one herself and sat down next to her. "Think they'll finally figure it out?" she asked him as they clinked bottles.

Jim shook his head and took a long swig of the beer. "They've certainly mucked it up this long. You'd think they'd figure it out eventually."

Jessy nodded sagely. "Judging by the silence coming from the other room, I guess they're getting closer."

"Doesn't mean they won't muck it up again. Any ideas on how to stop them from being stupid this time around?"

Jessy sighed and shook her head. "The wedding announcement was a step in the right direction."

Chapter 6

Chloe rolled over and looked out the strange window, sighing with happiness. She hadn't realized how miserable she'd been until now. She'd been too tied up trying to avoid Sam that she couldn't believe her good luck now.

She glanced over at Sam and smiled, scooting closer to him and enjoying the way he reached out to tuck her against his side even though he was barely awake. It had been two weeks since the night they'd spent together and she had already sold all of the photographs she'd displayed in Joe's restaurant and he was asking when she would have more ready for him. She was going to deliver several today and hoped that these would be as well received as the others.

So many times she'd wanted to tell Sam about her venture. But she was still too insecure about her pictures. Soon though.

She probably should give in on the wedding plans too. Unfortunately, the stubborn, obstinate and ornery man hadn't even asked her. He'd simply told her they were getting married, so she didn't feel as if she needed to answer. No question asked, no answer needed.

She was secretly thrilled that he wanted her though. And each night, he showed her how much, in more ways than she could have imagined back in her lonely, desolate apartment in New York. She'd broken the contract on the lease yesterday afternoon but that was yet another thing she hadn't mentioned to Sam. She knew he was waiting for some sign that she was on board with all the plans, that she was committed to him.

"I have to go," she whispered to him, just as she did each morning before the sun came up over the horizon. She wanted to be out on the prairie before the sun was fully up, to capture the different ways the light danced upon the earth.

When she didn't get a response from Sam, she nudged him in the ribs and repeated her statement.

This time, he rolled over and opened his eyes. "No you don't," he replied, his voice husky with sleep and desire. "Come here."

Chloe laughed and scooted out of the way in the nick of time. She jumped out of bed and headed to Sam's enormous bathroom, turning on the shower and jumping underneath the warm water. She was shampooing her hair when she felt Sam's strong arms wrap around her, kissing her neck. "When are you going to tell me where you go so early in the morning?" he asked softly, his hand stroking her skin and setting her body to tingling.

She took a deep breath, bracing for what she was going to say. Words escaped her though when Sam took her hands and placed them against the shower wall. "I want you," he said, interrupting her admission of her secret.

His hands slid upwards, the feeling enhanced by the soap and warm water. When his feet stepped between hers, she didn't completely understand but he spread her legs and she gasped when his hands moved down her body, preparing her. "Sam?" she gasped, her bottom pressing backwards as her body came alive under his hands.

"You're sinfully gorgeous in the morning," he whispered in her ear, then nipped her ear lobe.

His hand moved around to the front of her, sliding downward at the same time he entered her. One hand cupped her breast while the other teased her body to the same rhythm of his thrusts. The triple assault on her body sent her reeling over to a climax so fast, she screamed and braced herself against the shower wall. Sam continued to drive into her and even though her body had already climaxed once, his hard body and his expert hands continued to entice and she couldn't believe it when she rode the cliff again, this time bringing him with her as she groaned and would have fallen down if Sam hadn't been holding her with his muscular arms.

"Sam," she whispered, trying to slow her breathing and still her spinning mind.

Apparently he was in the same position since she found his hand against the shower wall above her and his body leaned into hers. "I can't believe that it only gets better the more we do this," he said.

She laughed and turned around so she was facing him. "It had better not get any better. I don't think I can handle anything more intense than that. My knees are barely holding me upright as it is."

He chuckled and leaned down to kiss her neck.

As they dried off, she watched him, worrying about telling him, but not wanting to hide anything from him anymore. She loved this man. Not with the childish infatuation she'd felt for him when she was sixteen. This was a strong, mature love that she was almost afraid of, so powerful did she feel for this man.

"I love you," she said and kissed him on the cheek.

She was just about to rush away, embarrassed for saying the words and not sure if it was what he wanted. But she felt she had to say them, needing to scream it out to everyone.

She rushed out of the room and raced down the stairs. She grabbed a biscuit and the thermos of coffee that Jessy had ready for her, then snatched her keys off the hook before waving goodbye.

"Chloe, if you get into that car and drive off so help me I'll beat your bottom so long you won't be able to sit for a week!" he called out just as her hand reached the door handle.

Chloe turned around and leaned against the front door. "What's up, Sam?" she asked, smiling up to his furious features.

"You don't say something like that and then rush out of the bedroom!"

She laughed softly and took a sip of coffee. "Okay. What's the etiquette, since you're so up on the manners of that kind of situation?"

Sam ran his fingers through his still wet hair and glared at her. "You wait until I've reacted at least. Do you have any idea how long I've waited to hear that from you?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "At least two weeks, I'm guessing."

"At least!"

"Sam, I really have to go. Can we have this discussion later? I'm losing the morning light."

"Why in the world do you need the morning light? What do you do out there?"

"How about if I show you when I get back? I won't be gone long today. It's too warm."

Sam still looked confused but he sighed. "Okay. But we still need to talk. There's a lot we need to discuss."

Chloe smiled and reached up to kiss him lightly. He didn't allow that, pulling her close and kissing her thoroughly. It wasn't until she was clinging to him and pressing her softness against him that he released her. "Okay, go on and do what you need to do," he said, smacking her lightly on the bottom.

Chloe let out a long, shuddering breath and turned around, not as quickly now, and headed towards the stable and Nutmeg. She'd need a long, hard ride after that kiss, she told herself.

Four hours later, Chloe rode back into the corral and rubbed Nutmeg down. They'd had a good ride and she'd gotten some good shots. She was eager to show these to Sam and she hurried through the cool down period, giving all the horses an apple as she passed by them.

She was waking quickly up the path from the stable to the house when she spotted Sam. She waved but he didn't see her. He was coming around the side of the house, his footsteps eating up the distance from the side of the house to the patio.

That's when Chloe spotted the other woman and she couldn't believe the pain she felt shoot through her stomach at the sight. It was just like all those other times, but before, the women hanging onto Sam's arm were in the pictures and she hadn't just slept with him. This was real, up close and personal. And the woman was stunningly gorgeous with strategically coifed blond hair and a sophisticated black suit that hugged her figure in all the right places. When Chloe saw the blond woman place her hand on Sam's arm and look up at him, just like all those other women had been doing in the pictures, Chloe saw red.

"Back off!" Chloe heard someone called out loudly as her feet carried her quickly across the path to the house.

Sam and the blond looked over in her direction, both with a startled expression on their faces.

When the woman's hand was still on Sam's arm, she walked right up to her and tossed it off. Then turned to face Sam, fire in her eyes and she pulled her hand back to take a swing at him.

Sam was so surprised by her anger that he didn't react at first. But instincts, and years of experience in bars trying to extricate his ranch hands from trouble, had him spinning around at the exact right moment, grabbing Chloe by the waist a moment before her fist could land on the middle of his stomach.

"Whoa!" he soothed just as he would a startled filly but with more emotion since this was the woman he was going to marry as soon as he could get her down the aisle. "Chloe, what's going on?"

"Get off him, you tramp!" she screeched. "And you!" she turned to glare at Sam. "Put me down and take it like a man! I'm not going to sit by passively watching you sleep with me one night and hook up with another woman the next! I did that all through college and I'm not so weak anymore. Just let me go!" she yelled and tried kicking and hitting, anything to hurt him as much as she was currently hurting.

"Chloe, calm down and let me introduce you," Sam called out, setting her down and grabbing her hands before she could take another swing. He chuckled at her livid expression, which only made things worse.

Tears were streaming down Chloe's face and she lost all her steam. "You did it to me again, you bastard!" she cried and swiped at the tears. "I can't believe I let you sucker me again. So many times, so many dinners I would sit across the table from you and wish that you would see me as something more than a kid."

"What are you talking about?" he asked, not having to scream anymore since she was whispering, which was ten times worse.

"In college. You'd show up, you'd take me out to dinner and I thought I was the luckiest woman in the world. And the next night, you'd take out some other woman. I'd have to see you in the newspapers, my friends showing me the pictures if I missed them and all of them asking me if you were the man who had shown up to take me out. Who made me so excited. But no more Sam! You wouldn't leave me alone even though I knew you'd do this to me again but I'm through! I'm going somewhere where you can't find me. There's no way you're going to toss me over your shoulder and drag me back here because I simply will not endure this from you!"

Sam couldn't believe what he was hearing. "Are you telling me that the reason you wouldn't trust me when you first came down here, the reason you stopped accepting my invitations to dinner all those years ago, was because you saw me in the newspapers with another woman?"

"Yes! You bastard! You lying, cheating, two timing jerk!" she wished she could say all this with more force, but he'd knocked the breath out of her with this betrayal and the tears were clogging her throat. "Why did you do this to me?"

"Chloe," he said soothingly, pulling her gently against his chest, "if I'd known that you'd seen those pictures, I would have explained before. But would you please let me introduce you to the woman I've hired to coordinate our wedding?"

Chloe stilled and looked up at him. Then at the woman standing several feet away with a gentle smile on her face.

"Wedding coordinator?"

Sam sighed and gripped her upper arms, looking down into her hurt face gently. "Chloe, this is Sandra Manning and she's one of the best coordinators in Dallas. She's delegated several other weddings to her subordinates in order to help us get something together quickly."

Chloe closed her eyes, letting her head fall onto Sam's chest in shame. "I'm sorry. I overreacted, didn't I?"

Sam chuckled and hugged her close. "Not in my mind. At least I finally figured out what I'd done wrong all those years ago."

Chloe rubbed her cheeks with one hand and extended the other, hoping for as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances. "I'm so sorry, Ms. Manning."

"Call me Sandra," she said with a welcoming smile. "And no apology necessary. I'm glad to see two people who obviously love each other so much. I'm also very excited to finally get this man married. So many women in Texas have been after him but now I understand that he's been waiting for you all these years." With a wink, she leaned slightly forward and said, "I understand why."

She picked up her purse and a briefcase that was leaning against a patio chair. "I have to be on my way. I'll call later this afternoon once the samples have been delivered so you can tell me what you've decided."

With that, she turned on her heel and walked back around the house where she'd just come and disappeared, leaving behind an awkward silence that Chloe knew she'd have to fix.

"I'm sorry, Sam."

"Don't be." He pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. "I'm not sure if I ever would have found out what happened to make you stop having dinner with me."

Chloe laughed. "That's one way to look at my outburst."

"Is there another way?"

She shrugged and pressed her cheek against his chest. "You could be angry that I didn't trust you."

"But you seemed to have reason to distrust me." He sighed and hugged her closer. "A pretty good reason, I think," and he felt her stiffen in his arms.

"What do you mean?"

Sam hated the wary tone that had entered her voice but he might as well get it all out into the open. "Every time I took you to dinner Chloe, I was so turned on that I couldn't think straight."

She pulled back and looked up at him. "What do you mean? Weren't you just taking me out to dinner to check up on me for my dad?"

"Hell no." He chuckled and took her hand, pulling her over to one of the patio chairs and sitting down. He then pulled her onto his lap, his hands moving up and down her back. "Well, that was my excuse. And that's what I told you and your father. And probably myself at first. But it was all to see you. To be with you for a few minutes."

"So....why did you go out with those other women the next night?"

"Because you showed zero interest in me."

She sat back up and looked at him with astonishment. "No interest? What do you think I was talking about all through dinner?"

"All the things you wanted me to tell your father to reassure him that you were doing okay."

Chloe was stunned for a moment, then buried her face in his neck, laughing and shaking her head.

"I'm not sure if I understand the humor," he replied grimly.

When she had her laughter slightly under control, she lifted her head, still chuckling. "I was trying to impress you. To show you that I wasn't a kid anymore in an obviously pathetic attempt to get you to see me as an adult."

He groaned and hugged her. "I saw you as an adult alright. In more ways than you can imagine."

She snuggled closer to him, pressing herself against him. "I failed before but I'm not a kid any longer."

"I realize that," he replied, sliding his hand up along her thigh. "I think you should prove it to me again."

She shifted so she was facing him more fully. "I'm obviously not very good at telling you. Maybe I should show you." With her arms closing around his neck and her fingers sliding into his hair, she moved closer to him, her mouth smiling as she delicately touched his own lips. "Does this prove it?"

"Not at all. That's a kiss a little girl would give her grandmother."

Sam watched with amusement and a rapidly building fire in his gut as she licked her lips and considered other possibilities.

"How's this?" she asked and nibbled along his mouth.

"You're getting better. But it might be as simple as telling me that you love me."

"I love you," she said softly, her love shining through her eyes. "And if you ever even look sideways at another woman, I'll have to do bodily harm to your magnificent physique."

"Magnificent, huh?" he replied, his hands moving down her waist to settle on her bottom. With a swift move, he lifted her into his arms and carried her quickly across the patio, ignoring Jessy and Chloe's dad as they smiled on approvingly.

"Close to perfection," she said with happiness.

"Close?" he growled as he kicked his bedroom door shut behind him before tossing her into the middle of his bed. "Close?"

She laughed and looked at him as he started pulling his shirt off. Then something behind him caught her eye. "Where did you get that?" she asked, stilling completely as she looked at the framed, poster sized photograph behind him on the wall where an oil painting had previously resided.

Sam turned and glanced behind him to figure out what she was looking at. "It's just a picture I liked. But you should be focusing on me and not the guy in the picture."

Chloe scooted back as he tried to pull her legs down to him. "Sam, where did you get that picture?" she demanded, her eyes fixed on the pinks and oranges of the sunset.

Sam sighed and came down next to her, looking at the picture. "Someone told me about this place about thirty minutes away. I went in for a sandwich, saw the picture and liked it. I bought it on the spot and it's been there for a few days."

"Why do you like it?"

He shrugged and looked at the colors and the shadowed man on the horse. "It just struck me. I can't really tell you why I like it. It just...called to me I guess."

Chloe laughed and pulled his head down to her own, kissing him with everything she had inside of her. "I really love you," she replied as she moved down his body, kissing him everywhere that made him groan.

"All this because of a photograph?" he chuckled a moment before she nibbled at the sensitive spot on his side. With that, he rolled her over and captured her hands, pulling them up over her head. "If I'd known you like photographs this much, I would have wall papered the house with them."

"I took the picture," she whispered as his mouth covered her breast.

He immediately still and looked up at her. "Excuse me?"

She smiled and moved her hips against him. "I took the picture. Along with all the others in Joe's restaurant."

"You're kidding, right?"

She shook her head and lifted her head to kiss him. "That's what I've been doing every day. Heading out and taking more pictures, then having them developed and getting them over to Joe's place. He's sold so many that I need to hurry up with the next batch before he fills up the space with another artist."

He leaned his head down and kissed her gently. "This is the business you want to be in?" he asked her softly.

She reached up and touched his cheek. "I love the art of trying to capture a moment. And when someone buys my art, that makes it even better.'

"I think you'll be a raging success," he replied with a husky voice. "I'm impressed with your talent. And I'd be even more impressed if you would agree to marry me," he said and slipped his hand underneath her shirt.

Chloe laughed softly and shook her head. "You haven't asked me yet."

He rolled his eyes. "Is that what you're waiting on?" When she nodded her head, he sighed and blew her hair out of her eyes. "Woman, will you marry me and make me the happiest man in the world?"

"Yes," she replied happier than she ever thought she could be. "I would love to marry you Sam Marchant."

He bent down and kissed her, sealing their deal. "I love you."

"I love you too."

