Chapter 1

Their words hurt.

Helen Miller tried to block their words and ignore the pain slashing at her self-esteem but the women were relentless with their cutting remarks. The vicious women standing by the filing cabinets didn't know someone was hidden behind a large stack of filing cabinets, so they felt free to speak openly. And the worst part; their words were true. Oh, so painfully true.

Helen swiped angrily at a tear that slipped down her cheek. With a grimace, she acknowledged that now she had at least one good reason why she didn't wear makeup anymore. She almost laughed out loud at the idea of finding a silver lining in this horrible situation. She didn't though. Overwhelming the humor was the absolute humiliation she was feeling as the women continued to slash her appearance and personality to shreds, unknowing that their victim was shrinking back into the steel filing cabinets, in a place where the overhead fluorescent lighting was slightly more dim.

Unfortunately, she couldn't tune out their words. The first woman huffed in a haughty manner and Helen could picture the woman's image in her mind, having heard her voice and witnessed her smug expression in so many meetings. Brown hair that had a perfect sheen to the immaculate cut, sophisticated slacks and a slightly trendy shirt. Her name was Jessica and she worked in the accounting department. The woman was a flirt, but also had the fashion sense of a French designer. "Good grief," Jessica said with a snotty voice, "she's been here for six months and in all that time, she's just let herself slide. At least when she first started, she would at least try to look pretty and professional. Now she just looks dull and lifeless."

"I agree. Did you see the suit she is wearing today? Ugh! It's horrible," another woman said. "How frumpy! The woman looks so pale in that terrible color of brown. She should never wear that color."

Helen knew that woman's voice as well, had taken notes in several meetings when the evil woman preened in front of the group as if she was in her element to be in front of so many men. Her name was Barbara from marketing and had a reputation for being a horrible gossip as well as a flirt. At least in this case, the woman wasn't the best dresser. Barbara wasn't boring in her fashion attempts but many times, her efforts at coming across with a trendy style completely missed the mark.

Helen looked down at her brown, tweed suit that had seemed so professional looking earlier in the morning when she'd pulled it out of her closet. But now, looking down at it in the harsh light of the filing room with the unflattering lights defining the nubby texture too closely, she accepted that it quite possibly was frumpy, just as Barbara had described.

Unfortunately, they weren't finished. A third woman laughed shrilly before saying, "And her shoes! Why can't she find something more feminine? The ones she's wearing are no better than flats and do nothing for her legs. I mean," the woman laughed bitterly, "if you're going to be around Dimitri Theopolis, at least have a little pride in what you look like. The man is a super stud. He must roll his eyes each morning when she comes in looking like woodwork."

Barbara snorted her agreement. "A grandma wouldn't be seen wearing those awful things," her malicious voice said. "You're right, the woman has relatively nice legs, why won't she show them off? I know I'd be raising my hemlines if I were around that man!"

The three women chatted away, tearing up Helen a little longer, then finally moved on to the next person who didn't meet their standards. Eventually, their voices faded away as they walked out of the filing room but their malicious comments rang heavily in the air long after they were gone. Helen stayed where she was, letting the tears fall down her cheeks. She couldn't keep the pain from clenching at her stomach as her shoulders sagged in humiliated misery.

Their words were true. She'd slowly become frumpy in an effort to increase her efficiency for her boss in the hopes of becoming more valuable to him. In the process, she'd lost herself, her femininity and all her pride in her appearance.

Helen grimaced as she pulled a tissue out of her pocket to sop up the wetness on her cheeks. In reality, she'd never really thought of herself as very attractive. She'd never really thought about her appearance one way or another since she'd been a teenager and heard....Helen pushed that thought aside, not wanting to go back to that painful period in her life. She'd overcome that aspect of her life, she told herself. She might not be any man's dream woman, but she was smart and efficient and she loved her job, finding fulfillment in doing it well.

Taking a deep breath, she stood up and wiped her tears away, forcing the silly, ineffectual wetness to stop. She was angry with herself for letting those catty women get to her. So what if they were right about her appearance. There was nothing wrong with her life and she had dreams just like any other woman.

Helen considered her life objectively. She might not be drop dead beautiful, but in the opposite way, she'd never considered herself dowdy either. Until now, she grimaced inwardly. She loved this job, loved working for Dimitri Theopolis. He was incredibly intelligent and ran the Theopolis shipping empire with a genius financial mind. Helen worked out of the London office but the headquarters was in Athens. Dimitri was spending more time here in London lately and Helen felt as if she were on cloud nine each time he called or walked through the executive suite.

It wasn't that she had any personal feelings for the man. No, Helen wasn't stupid enough to fall into that category. Dimitri Theopolis had enough women throwing themselves at him, he didn't need his personal assistant to do the same. She wasn't even in a class to attract him. The man generally dated sophisticated women who spent their days primping and making themselves beautiful for their evenings with Dimitri.

Helen knew that she'd never be acceptable in any kind of personal capacity so why even try? She'd only come up short in the end and feel the crushing pain of disappointment as a reward for her efforts. Because if she ever thought she had a chance with Dimitri, she only had to remind herself of her deficiencies or open up the newspaper to see the kind of woman that piqued his attention. And it definitely wasn't a short, mousy female with ordinary brown hair and blue eyes.

Oh, she could look nice, she knew. She had a decent enough figure with slender hips and more than enough up top. Probably too much up top, she thought as she pulled the brown tweed down to cover her slim hips more smoothly. When she let her hair loose, it was long, and a deep chocolate brown that curled softly at the ends and small little wisps that curled about her temples unless she smoothed them down with hairspray, as she usually did for work. It would probably curl more if she took the time to get it trimmed, but it was so much easier to just pull it into a bun each morning. Helen thought it looked more professional as well.

Her eyes were a pretty blue, but since she had stopped wearing makeup, there was nothing to enhance their color. She used to at least wear mascara and powder, but now, she probably needed a good bit of concealer just to cover the dark circles under her eyes from working late each night.

Oh, who was she kidding, she thought sadly, her shoulders slumping in defeat. No matter how much makeup she wore or how perfectly coifed her hair, she could never be in the same league as the women Dimitri dated.

All the women Dimitri spent time with were tall, sultry blonds or stunning red-headed women. Actresses, models, society women who could shine as brightly as he did. He definitely didn't date personal assistants who had scrimped and saved just to put herself through university.

Helen wiped her eyes one more time and pinched her cheeks, hoping to get more color back into them. Thankfully, Dimitri was not in the office today. He wasn't expected back in London for several more days and she had many reports to finish up before he returned.

"Just one step at a time," she said to herself. That old phrase had gotten her through many painful years. Although they were spoken by a physical therapist at the time, they applied to every aspect of Helen's life.

With those words ringing through her mind, she made her way slowly back to her desk. Her computer was still humming along but she had several more contracts and reports piled on her desk. With a sigh, she pulled the first one down only moments before the air started to crackle with electricity.

Helen felt the hairs on her neck stand up in excitement and she looked up from the document she'd been reviewing only moments before Dimitri himself walked through the doors. She inhaled sharply, wondering if she'd ever get used to the man's electrifying, overwhelming presence.

"Good morning, Helen," he said as he walked through the doors.

Helen stood up immediately, her eyes looking frantically for her notebook and pencil, ready to take notes on whatever he shouted out to her as he passed. "Good morning, Mr. Theopolis. I wasn't expecting you until Wednesday. How was your flight? Did James make it smooth again?"

Dimitri stopped in front of her desk, the list of things he needed to get done today vanishing as he noted her strained expression. His eyes traveled over her face, the intense, green gaze seeing everything, including the sadness and what he thought might be the remnants of tears. Her skin, which usually had a translucent glow that he constantly wanted to touch and feel to see if she was made of porcelain, was pale, almost chalky. "What's wrong Helen?" he asked sharply.

Helen smiled more brightly, her heartbeat picking up its already frantic beat as she worried that he'd be able to see the signs of her pity party a little while ago. "Nothing. Why do you ask?"

His lips thinned and he dropped his briefcase to the floor. His eyes traveled over her tweed suit and Helen nervously smoothed the wool down, ensuring that it was covering all the essentials. Assuming he was ready to start business, she looked down at her notes. "I have the Stevens file for you and I've made some notes on the contract negotiations. There's a summary of the two meetings you asked me to conference in to this morning. I also have the budget for the new ships that are under construction and their possible itineraries. They already have cargo booked on them even though they aren't due to be finished for another six months," she said, keeping her eyes hidden from him as she listed the activities she'd accomplished this morning.

"Come into my office," he said and turned on his heel to precede her into the spacious corner room.

Helen quickly picked up her notebook and pen and followed him into his office. She perched on the edge of one of the chairs facing his desk, her pen poised over the paper.

As Dimitri settled behind his desk, he watched Helen's face, green, intense eyes boring into hers in an effort to understand what was bothering her. "Is your mother okay?"

Helen's startled blue gaze was captured by his stern, unblinking green one. "Yes. Thank you for asking. She loves the apartment you found for her. I can't believe how affordable it is. I'm eternally grateful to you for finding that deal. She's loving the place."

"Good. Is the house okay? If you're having any maintenance problems, I want to know about it."

Helen smiled brightly again. "No. No problems on that front. The house is wonderful and right in my price range. And there are no problems thanks to the home inspector you recommended. He caught any potential problems so they were all fixed prior to the closing date."

"Then what is wrong?" he demanded. His arms were crossed over his chest and he was leaning against the front of his desk, his eyes watching hers as she tried to evade his too knowing eyes.

"Nothing," she lied and smoothed the nubby fabric of her skirt further down over her knees. How could he see that something was bothering her? She'd looked in the mirror only moments before he'd entered and nothing had seemed amiss with her appearance.

Dimitri softened his tone and leaned forward slightly. "Helen, if nothing is wrong with your mother and the house is good, then tell me why you were crying. I can fix it for you," he promised.

Helen's heart twisted painfully. She looked back at him, then let her gaze wander away. He was so incredibly gorgeous with his thick, black hair and square jaw. His Roman nose was slightly crooked but that only added to the overall impact of strength and intelligence. Add to it the green eyes that could slice a person to bits and the intelligence of a financial genius and there was no way Helen couldn't have fallen in love with this man.

She sighed and shook her head. "Nothing is wrong."

"Did someone say something to hurt your feelings?" he asked.

How could that man zoom in on the truth so unerringly she wondered? "No. No one said anything that wasn't true," she said, then cringed at how much she'd revealed with those words.

His eyes narrowed and she watched in fascination as his lips thinned into a line of extreme annoyance. "What did they say and who were they?" he asked with a dangerously soft voice and Helen blushed at the anger emanating from him. Dimitri Theopolis was not a man to mess with. He was a dangerous man personally, but no one dared to cross him in the board room. When challenged, he was absolutely lethal. She'd seen it too many times and would hate to be on the receiving end of some of his tongue lashings or merciless business tactics. They were all legal, but when someone crossed him, they were destroyed.

Helen shook her head, determined to solve her own problems for once. "No. I'm not telling you anything," she said firmly but couldn't hold his gaze. Knowing him, she wouldn't put it past him to fire the women who had spoken so callously this morning in the file room. It wasn't that they were excellent employees. All of them were awful gossips who spent half their time slicing their co-workers to shreds. But if they were going to be fired, Helen didn't want it to be because of something they said about her. Especially since it was true.

Dimitri wasn't having any of that nonsense. "Why not? If someone hurt you, I want to know about it."

Taking a deep breath, she laid her pencil down on the pad, her shoulders drooping sadly. "Because what they said was true."

"It doesn't matter if it was true or not, I'll not tolerate people being inconsiderate to you, Helen," he said, his lips thin and his eyes sparking green flames.

She smiled weakly at his show of support but shook her head. "It's my problem. And I'll deal with it in my own way," she said softly, looking down at the floor. She wished he would move on to business. She could deal with anything he threw at her in that area. But when he was nice to her, it only made her love him more. She wanted to throw her arms around his neck and cry out her embarrassment on his chest, feel his muscular arms wrap around her and know that he would make everything okay. But that wasn't her reality. She didn't have the right to lean on him in that way. That was reserved for whoever he chose as his wife. And it definitely wouldn't be her. "If you don't have anything for me, I need to get back to that report. You have the meeting in two days and if I don't pull the numbers together for you, it won't be good."

She stood up and rushed out of the office, almost falling into her chair as her legs stopped working. She hid herself under the pile of work at her desk, praying that he wouldn't see how distressed she was.

Chapter 2

Dimitri let her go, his teeth gritting as he watched her walk out of his office, his body already aching with need from the moment he'd walked out of the elevator and seen her gorgeous smile with her bright, blue eyes that could swallow a man up with their depths. Her sweet, gentle, sexy walk only made him harder and he wished he could look away, but he didn't, needing her presence too much to stop.

Shoving his hands into his hair, he cursed under his breath and looked out the window. He shouldn't be here. He should be in Athens resolving the latest labor disputes and overseeing production of the next fleet for the Theopolis ships. But there was just something about Helen that drew him back to London over and over again. Even his mother was starting to ask about it, questioning the time he spent away from home.

He wanted Helen. With an aching, driving passion that he couldn't ignore any longer. He'd interviewed her six months ago and hired her immediately, thinking at the time that the attraction was only an intellectual connection that would make them work better together. How could he have known at that point what a luscious, incredible body she had hidden under those severe suits and staid shoes? Of course, he'd loved the way her eyes had sparkled while she answered his questions. And more than once, he'd stopped listening as his mind formed fantasies in which her soft, full mouth with her sweet pink lips was a main feature.

At the time, he'd attributed his distractions down to the long working hours he'd been putting in. But as his tiny, adorable, sexy Helen started working that first week, his mind discovered what his body had already known. He wanted Helen in his bed, not in his office. Getting her there would take some work. She was one of the shyest females he'd ever encountered and no more aware of her beauty and femininity than a lobster was aware of the sand on a beach. He'd slowly been working towards getting her to think of him in terms of a man, but it had been a painfully slow battle. Hell, she still called him Mr. Theopolis despite the hundred or so times he'd ordered her to call him by his first name. He, on the other hand, had no problem calling her by her first name. Each time he thought about Helen, it was in personal terms.

Grimacing, he knew that, six months ago, he'd never realized getting her into his bed would take quite so much of his energy. He'd never had this much trouble with a woman before.

He walked around to the other side of his desk and had to smile at the surface. Everything was laid out on his desk in very precise order with yellow sticky notes summarizing each document. In the center was a list. Helen loved lists. He had to chuckle as he read through the list. She had given him a list of people he should talk to and in the order of priority.

Dimitri sighed heavily and picked up the phone, dialing the first number. Helen might be a little dictator, but she was also usually right when it came to organizing business priorities. It was only when she didn't know what was going on that she was wrong so Dimitri made sure she was included on anything she wanted. He trusted her more than he trusted his executives and she worked harder that most of them. That's one reason he paid her about the same amount as some of his vice presidents.

By lunch time, he walked out and found her staring at her computer listlessly which only alarmed him further. He could count on one hand the number of times he'd seen Helen not moving about the office efficiently and they had been times when she was deeply worried about something. "What's wrong?" he asked softly, bending over her desk, hands propped flat on the surface, to look into her pretty, blue eyes that revealed so much about her inner feelings. Seeing the clouds pass over their crystal blue depths, he knew something was troubling her.

Helen jumped when his face came into view and her cheeks immediately turned a soft shade of red. "Oh, Mr. Theopolis, I'm sorry. I'm afraid I was day dreaming." She quickly pushed back from the desk and stood up, placing several feet between the two of them. She had trouble breathing when he was so close. Good grief, she forgot to breathe most of the time when he was close.

"What were you day dreaming about?" he asked, standing up as she did.

"Nothing," she said and started stacking the files on her desk that were already perfectly stacked in some sort of order.

"Of course it was something," he countered grimly, frustrated that she wouldn't open up to him this time. The last time she'd been this upset, her landlord had been pressuring her on the rent, wanting to increase it by several hundred dollars. It hadn't been that Helen couldn't afford the additional rent. It was only that his little Helen, the penny pinching, coupon cutting darling didn't think the rent increase had been ethical. His initial reaction had been to buy the damn apartment complex and let her live there for free. But he knew she'd balk at that idea. So he'd done the next best thing. He'd bought a small house he knew she'd like, then sold it back to her anonymously at a price he knew she couldn't resist. When her mother had been in an accident and couldn't live alone anymore, he'd made a quick phone call to a private retirement home and ensured a place for Helen's mother at a price that wouldn't burden Helen's cash flow situation. He knew some might call it subsidizing but he thought it was more like ensuring that she wasn't worried.

So why was she not letting him help her in this instance? What had happened this time that was so personal she couldn't tell him about it? Did she not trust him for some reason? He immediately dismissed that idea. Helen trusted him more than she trusted herself. "Why don't you come out to lunch with me and fill me in on what's going on? I don't have any plans, do I?"

"Except me," a sultry, female voice said from the left.

Helen gritted her teeth when the painfully lovely blond sauntered toward Dimitri, draping herself against him as she reached up and kissed him. She resisted the urge to slap the woman's sexy smile or to scratch her eyes out. She didn't think Dimitri would appreciate his girlfriend being mauled by his mousy secretary.

Dimitri immediately pulled away but Helen noted that he maintained his hand on her back. "Barbara, what are you doing here?" he asked.

The beautiful, blond Barbara laughed her sexy laugh and winked at him. "You've been a naughty boy lately! I told you to let me know when you came back to town but you snuck in. Fortunately, I found out and am here to kidnap you for lunch."

"I already have plans to take Helen out today," Dimitri said.

Barbara smiled victoriously. "Don't be silly dear. She already has her lunch and I'm starving. Besides," she started off, only to finish with a whisper in Dimitri's ear.

Dimitri smiled broadly and laughed. "Good enough," he said to Barbara. Turning to Helen, he said, "Do you mind if I give you a rain check on that lunch?"

Before Helen had a chance to even open her mouth, Barbara spoke up for her. "Of course she doesn't mind. She'd probably feel uncomfortable in the places you like to eat for lunch." Without another word, Barbara pulled Dimitri along behind her, talking in a low voice and laughing seductively.

Helen watched them leave, her eyes boring holes into the back of the awful monster parading as a female human being. She was simply beastly! How dare she say that Helen wouldn't enjoy a gourmet meal?

She wished she'd had the courage to have told Barbara off. Perhaps something assertive or witty, something that would put the awful woman in her place. Unfortunately, nothing had come out of her mouth but surprise.

Helen looked down at her sandwich that had been mashed by a file at some point in the day and cringed. The turkey on rye just didn't seem very appetizing right at the moment. Sighing, she stuck the sandwich back in her drawer and turned to her computer, finishing up the report she'd been working on before Dimitri had approached her desk.

She worked through lunch, not even remembering to take out her sandwich and eat it. She was picking up the files to be brought to marketing when the two of them came back to the office an hour and a half later.

"Hello again," Barbara sing-songed as Helen passed by.

"Good afternoon," Helen said crisply, ducking her head as she left the room, not wanting to be subjected to the inevitable goodbye kiss between the two love birds.

Ten minutes later, she walked back to the office. Thinking ten minutes was more than enough time to say goodbye, she cursed her luck. Barbara was just coming out of the executive suite and smiled victoriously at Helen.

Helen tried to walk politely by the woman to her desk but her luck was really in the gutter today. "You're out of your league," Barbara said, standing in front of Helen's path so she had to stop or walk around the taller woman. Helen chose to simply stand in place, eyebrows rising in polite inquiry but she held the thick file folder in front of her chest defensively.

Helen debated long and hard as to whether to respond but in the end, she couldn't get rid of the voice inside her head telling her that manners were important. "I'm sorry?" she asked, hugging the file folder to her chest as if it would ward off the other woman's evil comments.

Barbara sneered and seemed to roll her eyes at Helen's response but she wasn't going to lose this confrontation. "Dimitri," she snapped as if the name clarified everything.

"What about Mr. Theopolis?" Helen asked, wanting to escape the woman's cloying perfume and irritating manner. She figured the best way was to let Barbara say whatever she needed to say so they could both get on with their day.

Barbara laughed, her blond hair falling against her back in a perfect imitation of an actress. "Goodness! You don't even call him by his first name! How precious."

Helen bristled and started to move around the annoying woman. "I don't see why my professional relationship with my employer is so humorous to you."

Barbara wouldn't let her pass. She stepped to the left, effectively blocking Helen once again. "Because it's not just a professional relationship, is it? You're in love with your boss!"

Helen gasped. "I am not!" she said.

Her smile was triumphant. "Of course you are," she said, chuckling maliciously. "But you'll never catch his interest dressed like a school marm." Barbara smoothed her black, figure hugging dress down over her hips and wriggled slightly. "Dimitri is a strong man and likes women who know what they're doing...in bed. Do you have any idea of what you're doing?" Barbara asked, her brown eyes moving over Helen's figure, "In or out of bed?"

Helen wanted to spit in the woman's eye but she ignored that impulse, lifting her chin and pushing past her. "I don't think that question is appropriate."

Barbara only laughed out loud. "I figured as much," she said and grabbed one of Helen's arms, pulling her back. Barbara bent down and whispered in Helen's ear. "Poor, virgin secretary," she mocked. "Don't let your heart get broken when he keeps moving to a real woman who can satisfy his needs. It wouldn't look good on your resume," she said. With a smile that didn't reach her eyes, she said, "Get some man to show you what to do and you'll be in a much better position to catch a husband. No man wants to deal with a virgin in his bed. Too awkward and embarrassing," she explained, chuckling at the idea.

Helen wrenched her arm free of the woman's red clawed grip and moved down the hallway as quickly as she could.

As soon as she approached her desk, Helen's heart sank. Dimitri was standing at her desk reading a contract instead of being in his office where he should be. She was supposed to be able to reach the sanctuary of her desk and calm her anger before he spotted her.

No such luck.

As soon as she walked in, Dimitri's eyes looked up. His eyes narrowed as he took in her pale face and shaking hands.

"What happened?" he demanded, his eyes moving from her to the doorway, wondering if he could catch whoever had done this to her.

Helen's mind thought frantically. "Oh, nothing. I just decided to take the stairs instead of the elevators," she lied. "I guess I need to get to the gym more often. My heart doesn't seem to like the exercise."

"I thought you were down in accounting," he asked, looking at the file containing several invoices.

"I was," she said, smiling brightly to cover her nervousness.

"That's thirteen floors down," he said, putting his hands on his hips. "Helen, what's going on? This morning, you'd obviously been crying and now someone has made you so angry you're shaking. Talk to me," he said softly, his deep voice like a caress as his green eyes softened to liquid pools of understanding.

Helen took a deep breath, trying to steady her breathing and shaking fingers. "I'm okay," she lied again. "I'm just a little frustrated about some things but I'll figure out a way to fix them. I promise."

His lips smoothed into a grim line of frustration. "And you're not going to give me any idea on what that problem is?"

Helen shook her head, soft wisps of curls dancing around her temples. She smoothed them back a little frantically, then looked back up at Dimitri, smiling brightly in an effort to hide her anger. Helen shook her head firmly. "I can fix it although I appreciate your support," she said primly.

The afternoon wore on and Helen's mood went from bad to worse. Rain started falling around four o'clock and her computer crashed. She called computer support to fix it but they were slow and didn't finish until after six o'clock. That meant she wasn't able to finish the report Dimitri needed in the morning and she was so hungry, she spilled coffee all over a pile of contracts.

By the time Dimitri stepped out of his office to leave, Helen had a headache and her feet ached.

Stopping by her desk, he looked down at her frazzled appearance with concern. "Come along, Helen. I'm driving you home."

Helen glanced up from her computer wearily. "I'm sorry?" she replied, barely able to focus on him, her fatigue overwhelming her. It was both mental and physical today.

"I'm driving home. Pack up and shut down. It is time for you to leave."

Helen looked around at all the work she had to do. "No, thank you for the offer, but I'd really rather stay here and get some things done while it's quiet."

Dimitri was having none of that. He looked at the dark circles under her eyes and the weary droop to her shoulders and shook his head. "No. Nothing here is so important that you need to kill yourself to get it done. You're exhausted and you're going to go home," he countered.

Helen started to argue with him but she could see the intractable expression on his face. Sighing heavily, she accepted defeat in this situation. "Okay. I guess I can work on some of this from home just as easily as I could from here."

"No Helen. You're taking the night off," he said gently but firmly and pulled the files out of her hands, placing them back on the desk.

She felt as if this was just another point of failure in an already miserable day. Helen wanted to cry. "I can handle this, I promise Mr. Theopolis."

Dimitri felt defeated with her eyes turning all soft and weepy. He wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss away all of her worries. But he suspected that she would run for the hills if he even made a move close to her. Soon though. He would have to do something soon or he'd go up in flames with this desire that was eating away at him. He wanted this tiny, sexy woman more than he could remember ever desiring another female.

"No Helen. I'm going to drive you home. It's late already and it isn't safe for you to take the subway this late at night."

She looked out the window and saw that it was dark but didn't want him to think she couldn't handle the work load. "It isn't hard at all.." she started to say but he interrupted her.

"No more arguments and no work. You're going to go home and soak in a hot bathtub for at least an hour." When he saw her open her mouth to argue, he stopped her by saying, "Helen, if you don't agree to do exactly as I say I'm going to stand over you and make sure you take that bubble bath," he threatened.

With those words, her face turned bright red for the second time that day and she had to bow her head to hide the evidence of just how much the idea affected her. "Okay," she said, her words muffled since she was bending down to feign an interest in her lap.

"Good. Now where's your purse?" he asked.

Helen dug her brown, dull carry-all out of the bottom drawer and stood up, following him out of the office.

"What are you going to have for dinner?" he asked when they were seated in his luxurious, powerful car.

Helen thought about the contents of her cabinets and cringed. It was shopping night tonight but she just didn't feel up to the task. "I'll probably make myself a bowl of soup or just a salad," she said.

They pulled up to her house a moment later and Helen almost jumped out of the sleek, powerful car. "Thank you very much for the ride," she said, bending down so she could see him across the passenger seat. But she was shocked when he wasn't there. He was already at the little sidewalk in front of her door. "What are you doing?" she asked, rushing to catch up with him.

"I'm walking you to your door," he said, turning to wink at her. "Don't all of your dates walk you to your door?" he asked.

Helen laughed self-consciously. "I wouldn't remember," she mumbled.

"What was that?" he asked, turning to look down at her.

"Nothing," she said quickly and pulled out her keys. "As I said, thank you for the ride and for seeing me safely to the door. I'm sure everything is okay now. And I'm sure you have plans for the night."

Dimitri smiled and Helen's stomach fluttered. "Are you trying to get rid of me Helen? What are you hiding inside your house?" he teased.

"Nothing!" she gasped. Then, seeing the teasing glimmer in his eyes, her shoulders sagged. "Sorry, I guess I'm a little too sensitive today, aren't I?"

"Perhaps. But I'll forgive you if you'll tell me what happened earlier." He took her keys from her numb fingers and unlocked her door.

Helen laughed, genuine humor for the first time today. "You're a little relentless, aren't you?"

"Of course," he said, grinning unrepentantly. "That's how I get what I want."

She chuckled at his reply. "I know. And you always get what you want, don't you?"

Dimitri looked down at her but could only see her shiny hair. He put a hand under her chin and lifted her face so he could see her eyes. "Always," he replied seriously.

Helen wasn't sure what to say in response. His eyes were blazing but surely it wasn't her that he wanted. Couldn't be! But oh! The fantasy!

Helen shook her head. "Yes...well...thank you."

In response, he walked into her house and turned on the lights. "This is nice," he said, looking around at her cozy house filled with books and soft lights with a flowery sofa and matching chairs. There was a coffee table filled with magazines and pretty curtains he guessed she probably made herself. Their soft, delicate look reminded him of her hair, he thought.

Now that he was inside her house, he didn't want to leave. He looked around and spotted the kitchen. "What are you having for dinner?" he asked, moving in that direction and turning on the light. "You mentioned soup or a salad but," he started to say as he walked into her kitchen, "it doesn't sound too nourishing."

"Oh, don't worry," she said quickly, afraid he might look into her cabinets and see that they were almost completely empty.

Which, of course, he did. "There's no food, Helen." He turned and looked down at her, admonishing her for lying to him earlier.

Helen peered around his large frame into her cabinets. "Of course there is," she said. There's a can of soup right there." She pointed towards the two cans of soup that sat alone on the shelf.

"That's not a meal," he replied. Spinning her around by her shoulders, he said, "Go get in your bath and soak while I get you something to eat."

Helen panicked. "Get in my bath?" she asked. "What do you mean?"

Dimitri's reply was to walk out of her kitchen and search through the only other door. "Mr. Theopolis, what are you doing?" she asked, wishing she could pull him by the coat and stop him as he entered her bedroom.

Flicking on the light, Dimitri looked around. Yellow. A soft, pretty buttery yellow. "This is very 'you', Helen," he said and walked through the open door that obviously led to her bathroom.

He pulled off his suit jacket and tossed it onto the bed while Helen watched in fascinated horror. She heard the water start and then silence. It took him several moments before he came back out.

"Okay, everything is ready. Go ahead and relax and by the time you get out, I'll have something for your dinner," he said and waited.

"What are you doing?" she asked nervously.

"Waiting for you to undress and get into the bathtub," he explained patiently, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against the doorjamb.

Helen's hand immediately flew to her throat, covering the small amount of skin revealed by the dull, brown suit. "I can't undress with you watching me," she replied, her face red for the third time that day. He probably thought she had a blood pressure problem.

Sighing, he pushed away from the door and closed the space between them. "Okay, I'll leave you but if I suspect that you aren't in that tub relaxing, I'll come back in here and undress you myself."

He looked intently down into her blue eyes to make sure she understood he was serious. Then he left, closing the door softly behind him.

Once she was alone, Helen finally relaxed and almost melted into the bed. The smell of her bath salts wafted to her nose and she quickly pulled off her suit, then stripped off the rest of her clothes, leaving them in a trail behind her as she walked towards the bathroom.

Sinking into the bubble bath filled with soft, lavender scents, she closed her eyes, placing the towel under her head that he'd rolled up and left on the edge of the bath. This man had obviously prepared other women's baths before. That thought only hurt a little as the tension slowly ebbed from her body and the warm water did the trick.

Chapter 3

Helen almost fell asleep. But just as consciousness was about to leave her, she heard the front door of her house open and close. She hadn't locked the door! Had one of her neighbors come by to visit? They wouldn't have just come in without knocking first. Who could it be then?

She sat up and listened. She heard the sound of something in her kitchen. But there was nothing in the kitchen to steal!

She thought about calling out and demanding that the person get out, but was that wise?

"Helen? You've been in there a while. Are you okay?" Dimitri's voice called through the bathroom door.

"Dimitri?" she asked, all the tension coming right back. "I mean, Mr. Theopolis?"

He moved his head into the bathroom and winked at her. "Dimitri sounds better. I'm making you dinner. It's almost ready," he said and came into the bathroom. She noticed his sleeves were rolled up and he had a towel over one shoulder and a silk robe over his arm. "Here you go," he said and left the robe on the counter within easy reach. "Will you be done in five minutes?" he asked.

Helen could only nod her head in response, too shocked to say anything.

"Good. I'll have dinner ready by then," he said and walked out, his broad shoulders turning slightly sideways since he was too large to walk through her small bathroom door straight.

Helen swallowed with difficulty. Dimitri was back in her house and was cooking for her? She looked at the silk robe and wanted to bury herself in the bubbles. That robe had been purchased on a whim and she'd only worn it once, the day she'd bought it. It had stayed in her closet all that time.

The intimacy of him going through her clothes and selecting that one for her to wear struck her body with such a pang of desire she wanted to cry out. Instead, she bit her lip and jumped up, afraid he might come back in at any moment. She toweled herself dry and walked into her room, ignoring the silk robe and pulling on her fluffy pink one. The pink wasn't much better, but at least it wasn't so revealing.

Helen almost groaned as she looked where her clothes, underwear included, were sitting neatly on the bed. She knew she'd just stripped her clothes off and left them on the floor but apparently Dimitri had come in and picked them up. Helen's outer clothes might be sedate and boring but she loved sexy underwear. The little lace nothings were folded neatly on top of her brown tweed and Helen could vividly imagine Dimitri's strong, large hands picking up that lace. He probably chuckled that such a boring little hen wore sexy underthings.

It was too much, she thought. She tightened the belt of her robe and marched out, intending to order him out of her house. But the smell that greeted her when she stepped out of her bedroom stopped her in her tracks. It was mouth wateringly delicious.

"Good," he said, spotting her from the stove which was near the kitchen doorway. "Dinner is ready. I hope you don't mind but I made enough for myself." He brought two plates out to the family room and handed one to her, then led her over to the sofa to sit. "I've poured the wine already, so eat up." He handed her a glass of rich, red wine, then took a seat opposite her.

"This smells wonderful," she said tentatively. "Where did you learn to cook?"

"I snuck into the kitchens as a boy and would steal food from the cook. Finally, out of desperation, the man gave in and showed me how to make my favorite meals. That way, I could simply get what I wanted instead of stealing what he was trying to make for dinner that night."

Helen laughed, enchanted by the picture of a little version of Dimitri sneaking to get food. "I can't imagine what it's like to have a cook." He had probably been an adorable little boy with all the charm he currently had, with mischievous eyes and the humor of youth.

"Was your mother a good cook?" he asked.

Helen shook her head. "Goodness no. She was too busy fighting one cause after another," she said. "My mother was a teacher and was always taking up some sort of cause. It might have been a stray animal or a kid in trouble but we always had appointments or banners to make, charities to run, or something crazy going on."

"What happened to you?"

"I was dragged all over the place saving trees and bugs and whatever was the latest cause du jour," she laughed.

He smiled slightly. "Sounds like an interesting life," he said. "How's the dinner?"

Helen took another bite of the tender chicken in a lemon, butter sauce. "This is very good. I'm impressed. I wouldn't think a man of your size and position would be able to cook this well."

"I don't get a chance to do it often, but I like it whenever the opportunity arises."

"Well, please feel free to do so anytime with me," she said, then realized what she'd said. "I mean...well...I know you're very busy," she stammered. She felt foolish offering to allow this man to cook for her. "I'm sorry, I mean I know you're busy and don't have time for cooking..." she trialed off.

He smiled at her stammering but wouldn't save her. "I'd love to cook for you whenever you'd like it," he said and took a sip of wine. "Just say the word."

Helen smiled back nervously, then looked down at her plate. "What are your parents like?" she asked, hoping to change the subject and cover her little social gaffe.

"They are nice. My father is like me, I guess. My mother is nice."

Helen laughed. "You're one of the wealthiest families in Europe and yet you describe your mother and father as just nice? I'm guessing they have more dominating personalities, something that would elicit a different adjective from others."

"My mother is extremely nice," he laughed. "Believe me, she's not like other society wives."

Helen sensed that there was more to his comment than he was going to say. "What do you mean?" she dared to ask.

"Not many society marriages are good," he said. "My parents are different. They love each other very much. My marriage will be the same," he said, his gaze never leaving her face.

Her stomach flipped and her heart ached painfully at his statement. She hated the idea of him marrying someone. It would probably be someone tall and blond with a perfect figure, just like the women he currently dated. They were perfect and would fit into his world perfectly and give him lots of beautiful children. "That's very honorable of you."

His next words only confirmed that there would be no way Helen could fit into his world in any way. "It has nothing to do with honor. I believe a good marriage raises strong, healthy children. It's essential to build a family."

Helen's throat constricted and put down her fork, scrambling for some way to ease the pressure. "I agree," was all she could say. She took a long swallow of wine and fought back the emotions welling up inside her chest. Life wasn't always fair and not everyone got what they wanted. But over the years, she had made hers bearable, she reminded herself.

"The ships that are almost completed," she started off, changing the subject to something more mundane and less emotionally charged. They spoke of business for the rest of the meal and by the time Dimitri stood up to leave, she had better control of herself. She was able to politely walk him to the door and even stand there while he looked down at her face without cringing when he asked, "Are you going to be okay? Do you need to take some time off tomorrow?"

"No, really," she hurried to add. "I'm fine. Really." Helen didn't want him to think a few rude comments could hurt her so completely. He was strong and she had to show him her own strength. She didn't want to be perceived as some sappy personal assistant with personal issues. It wasn't good for one's career, and really, when it all came down to it, that's all she had; a great, satisfying career. One she wasn't going to throw away simply because a few senseless females had spoken some painful truths.

Helen closed the door when she could no longer see his brake lights down the street. She quickly loaded the dishwasher with the plates and glasses, feeling a pang of something painful in her stomach as she looked at the two sets of dishes. Normally, it took her a long time to fill up the dishwasher, since she only had her own lonely plate to clean. Tonight, with all the pots and pans Dimitri had used to make dinner, it was practically full. That had never happened before, she thought.

Wandering into her bedroom, she carefully hung up her suit and tossed her underwear into the laundry basket, tidying up her small house. What was she doing with her life? Where was she going?

As she looked around her tiny house filled with only her things, she knew she was heading down a path that had never been her dream. She loved her job, but did she have to become the boring, staid woman while acting and looking professional? She surveyed her face in the mirror as she brushed her teeth and washed her face that night. Her skin was nice, she knew but her lips were definitely too full. Her eyes were passably pretty with the dark blue irises, but she'd always wished she had something more exciting for eye color. Perhaps a chocolate brown or a crystal green? Sighing, she put her toothbrush down and turned quickly away from her image, frustrated that she was hoping for something she could never have.

She discarded the silk robe in favor of a soft, cotton nightgown that came up to her neck with a small little collar. The neckline had tiny little rosebuds embroidered on it and her feet were tucked into fluffy pink slippers. She grimaced as she rinsed out her mouth and shook her head.

"Image," she told her reflection. "I need to change my image."

She lay in bed that night and considered her position. She was single but didn't want to stay that way. She was in love with her boss, but definitely didn't want that emotion to remain. That way only led to heartache and she wasn't foolish enough to wish something could change in that direction. Besides, even if she could become the sophisticated woman that might catch Dimitri's eye, he was Greek. He could never marry someone with her history. It was simply impossible. His comments at dinner tonight only reinforced that point.

So what was the next option? She had to fall out of love with Dimitri and find someone else. But how does one go about doing that? How does she find someone who might be interested in her? And just as Barbara said, Dimitri wanted a woman who knew what she was doing sexually. Helen had no idea what she was doing or how to make a move on a man. She'd had no time to date throughout high school, with her parents' busy schedule of causes and in college, she'd been too busy trying to work and pay for her education since her parents' salaries as teachers couldn't help much in that direction. So here she was at twenty six with many questions, but no one to ask.

Helen rolled over onto her stomach and punched her pillow. Looking out the window at the rain streaming down steadily against the panes, she thought about her life. She had to stop wearing boring clothes. That was a given. She'd never get any man's attention looking like an ancient grandma. Next, she'd have to get some sexual experience. Barbara was probably right. No man wanted to have a virgin in his bed. She wasn't sure, but she suspected that most men would want someone who knew what they were doing. She could feel her face turn red in the darkness as she considered her options for getting some experience. Basically, they were non-existent at this point in her life but that was going to have to change.

In the early hours of the morning, she finally fell asleep but dreamed of wearing a bright red dress and turning to Dimitri, her smile sultry and promising everything, her eyes showing him that she truly was the woman of his dreams.

Helen woke up late the following morning and rushed around, frantically trying to get her mind off of her dream. It had been very vivid, with Dimitri touching her everywhere. Each time she thought about it, she started blushing.

She surveyed her clothing options and was dismayed to realize that none of the clothes in her closet had any femininity to them. The suits ranged from black, brown and navy with varying shades of each. She wore a cream or white silk shirt underneath all of them.

And there were no alternatives.

Sighing heavily, she took out the least severe and held it up against her reflection. No other choice, she thought and hurriedly dressed then pulled her hair back into the bun she wore it in each day.

After waking up late, the day just got worse and worse. Since she was so late, she had to hurry to the bus stop only to miss it at the last moment. Hiking through the rain, her heavy bag slung over one shoulder and her umbrella in the other hand, she walked the half mile to the subway station in her heels, the sides biting painfully into her tender skin. Once down on the crowded train, she wished she had a car, one that was reliable so she could avoid this kind of daily irritation. But that was for another day, she thought as the train opened up and she walked through the wet, dismal streets to the office.

Helen walked in to find Dimitri already in a meeting and she grimaced as she pulled the notes she'd compiled for him out of her desk drawer. How could she have forgotten to give these to him last night?

The pace was frantic that day. It seemed as if every project that had been initiated months ago was ending today and urgently needed review and approval. She was fielding phone calls, processing requests and summarizing contract documents as fast as she could. By seven o'clock, she was exhausted. Dimitri was still working but she simply couldn't face anything else at this moment. She remembered that he had asked her to stop into his office before leaving, but when she listened at the doorway, it didn't seem as if his current meeting was going to end anytime soon.

She turned off her computer and pulled on her rain coat, depressed even more with the idea of walking home in rain that had been falling almost all day.

As soon as she stepped out into the street, a car drove past, sloshing cold water all over her legs and the hem of her skirt. Staring down at the wet mess, her shoulders drooped and she trudged home grimly. The only way she was able to make it all the way without breaking down and blowing money on a cab ride was the idea of stopping to get a bottle of red wine at the little corner store in her neighborhood and savoring the rich taste in front of the fire. She'd spend her money on a good bottle of wine, not on a cab ride.

With the bottle tucked under her arm, she walked the final block home. Dropping her sopping raincoat and umbrella in the small mud room off her kitchen, she stripped off her clothes on her way to the bathroom, uncaring of where they landed as long as the cold, wet material was no longer against her skin. In the kitchen, she grabbed a wine glass on her way but didn't even bother with a sandwich for dinner, too tired and depressed to think about eating anything. She only paused to turn on some music. A soft jazz CD playing in the background had her dancing slightly as she unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it onto the floor, her lacy bra following. Her skirt made it onto the sofa but her stockings were stomped on when she dropped them onto the floor. Helen had no idea, nor cared, where her underwear landed. All she cared about was stepping into the tub and not feeling the frustrations of the past two days.

The bathtub filled up quickly and Helen pulled the pins out of her hair, letting the long brown tresses hang down her back. Feeling instantly better, she poured herself a glass of wine, poured in some bubbles, then sank slowly into the warm water, not even waiting for the tub to fill up.

As the water and wine relaxed her, Helen allowed her eyes to drift closed. Slowly, the tension in her shoulders and back uncoiled and the tension eased. She drained her glass and poured another, feeling very relaxed now.

The knocking on her door roused her slightly but she wasn't expecting anyone, so she assumed the person had arrived at the wrong house and would eventually figure it out. But the knocking persisted and she sat up in the tub. Dripping wet, she slid the robe on, then stopped to pour herself another glass of wine. She swayed slightly when she walked but didn't care. She wasn't feeling the stress or anger anymore, and that had been the plan. Mission accomplished, she told herself, raising her glass in a mock salute. She suspected she had a silly grin on her face as well but didn't stop to look in the mirror since she couldn't focus on her image anyway. The two glasses of wine had made the world very soft and fuzzy.

Helen only had wine every few months for special occasions so this was a complete change for her she thought to herself as she sipped the third glass.

"Dimitri!" she said when she opened the door. "I mean, Mr. Theopolis," she corrected herself. Then smiled brightly as she took in his messed up hair and hands on his hips. "What brings you out here in the rain?" she asked.

"You," he said, pushing his way into her house. "Where the hell did you go?" he asked.

Helen closed the door and leaned against it, taking another sip of wine.

"Here," she said, her arms swaying out to encompass the rest of the room. She almost spilled her wine and giggled as she steadied herself. "Oops!" she laughed. "Would you like a glass of wine?" she asked.

"No thank you," he said. He took in her flushed cheeks and overly bright eyes and asked, "How many have you had?"

Helen looked into her wine glass as if she could find the answer in the dark liquid. "Hmm...not sure," she replied and smiled up at him. "You're very handsome, have I mentioned that?" she asked.

Dimitri laughed briefly, immensely relieved now that he could see for himself that she was okay and not hurt and injured. Dimitri couldn't help it. His prim little Helen was drunk and looking sexier than he could have imagined. And he'd imagined her many times in so many different conditions it was hard to believe he'd missed this one. He smothered another smile as he looked down at her. She wasn't wearing the conservative cotton robe she'd come out in last night. Tonight, she was wearing the silk robe he'd put out for her. Adding to the allure, she hadn't dried off before pulling the silk over her slender body so it was now plastered against her skin, giving him a very nice image of her luscious curves. His eyes roamed over her figure, taking in all of her soft, very feminine body. "No, you've never mentioned that to me." His body was hardening as he noted that her nipples were already pointed.

She squinted up at him. "Are you frowning?" she asked, not really sure.

Dimitri shook his head and looked around. "No. Why did you leave the office without saying goodbye?" he demanded. "I asked you to stick around so I could talk to you."

"You were in another meeting," she replied and pushed away from the door, only to find it too difficult and leaned back against it. "I didn't want to disturb you." She pushed against the door again and this time was successful in gaining her balance. She walked over to him and pointed at him. "You're in trouble. Did you know that?" she asked.

Without another word, she walked back into the bathroom, already unbelting the robe as she walked.

Dimitri watched her and the aching in his groin intensified. She was taking off her robe! His eyes watched her hungrily as she disappeared into the bathroom and unfortunately, he only was able to catch a glimpse of her bare, sexy shoulder before she disappeared. The robe was all that he could see as it pooled in a pile on the floor outside her bathroom.

Dimitri shoved his hands through his hair and rubbed his neck. What a night! He'd come out of his last meeting only to see Helen's purse still on the floor but her computer turned off. He'd called her cell phone only to hear it ringing in her purse. Picking it up, he'd called her house but there wasn't any answer. And no answer for the next hour. He glanced across the room and understood why. She'd taken the phone off the hook.

He shouldn't have looked around the room. He should have just walked out, knowing that she was okay and she wasn't lying in a ditch unconscious or in a hospital room somewhere. A gentleman would be considerate and allow her some privacy but he was too enchanted by this side of her. She was more relaxed and the warmth of the bath as well as the extra alcohol had made her cheeks a soft pink instead of the pretty pale color they normally were.

Yes, a gentleman would politely leave. But the glance across the room at the phone revealed a shoe next to the receiver. His eyes caught the skirt she'd been wearing that day draped precariously over the back of the chair next to the phone. Picking up the shoe and the skirt, he searched out the rest and groaned out loud when he spotted her shirt and the lacy bra underneath it. His fingers played with the material as he searched out the matching underwear, finding it halfway across the room.

Just as he'd discovered the previous night, beneath that prim, drab clothing, his little Helen liked to have silk and lace against her skin. It gave him hope that he could eventually find the sensuous woman underneath her shy exterior.

His body hard and aching, he walked toward the door she'd just entered. Not surprised, he found her sitting in a bathtub, the glass of wine half empty. When she sensed his presence, she turned her head and gave him a sleepy smile.

"I'm not sure you should be here in my bathroom," she said and her smile broadened.

In response, Dimitri sat down on the tiny little pink seat that she stored underneath her counter. "So what's with the wine?" he asked, picking up the bottle and noting that it was almost empty.

She waved one arm up in the air. "Oh, you know. It's been a hard week so far and mean females just seem to get me down."

"What females?" he asked, his stomach clenching at the knowledge that he'd been on the mark on Monday in suspecting that someone had hurt her feelings. Now that her defenses were down, he'd have the name of whoever had hurt Helen's feelings and would ensure that the person never stepped foot inside the building again.

Helen smiled dreamily in his direction. "Does it really matter?" she asked airily. "I mean, they were right. So why should they be punished simply because they recognized a truth that I had failed to see myself."

"What truths were they spewing?" he asked, transferring his curiosity from the identity to the crux of the matter.

She squinched up her nose and looked over at him. "I'm boring," she whispered as if she were revealing state secrets.

Dimitri raised his eyebrows at her explanation. In his opinion, nothing could be further from the truth. "In whose mind?" he asked. Personally, he found her endlessly interesting, fascinating and too damn sexy! Especially when she was relaxing in a bubble bath, naked, with little bubbles popping away, teasing him with the possibilities.

She raised her bare shoulders and Dimitri almost groaned as one soft breast came precariously close to the edge of the bubbles that were quickly disintegrating. "In everyone's mind, apparently," she said and sipped again.

"Not everyone's," he murmured.

"What was that?" she asked, her eyebrows rising over the rim of the glass.

"Nothing," he said and quickly diverted her mind. "Do you think you're boring?" he asked.

"Yep," she said and nodded her head so quickly that her hair flopped forward, a long lock covering the top of her left breast.

"So what are you going to do about it?" he asked, trying to keep his gaze away from that pretty curl. It was difficult and eventually, he gave up the struggle.

She put a finger on the edge of her lip, her tongue coming out as she considered his question. "First of all, no more suits," she said decisively if also slightly slurred.

"What are you going to wear instead?" he asked, thinking she looked absolutely perfect just the way she was now. Or maybe a few less bubbles would be better.

"I don't know exactly. I'm going to go shopping and find more feminine clothes."

Dimitri nodded his head. He could go along with that. He'd even like to suggest some designers he'd like to drape her cute little derriere in. "Okay. What else?" he asked. Mentally, he was already ordering a dozen outfits that he'd make sure were delivered to her by tomorrow.

"Sex," she said with a nod to her head.

Dimitri did a double take at her bald statement. "What?" he demanded.

She ignored, or just didn't even hear, the instantaneous anger in his voice. "Yep. I'm going to learn to have sex."

He didn't like that at all. No one was going to touch his Helen except himself! "What the hell do you mean?" He tried to keep his voice to a normal tone but he was too furious. The idea of someone else touching her made his question come out more as a roar.

Helen drained her glass and held it out farther for him to fill up with the remaining wine. "I need to know how to have sex."

He didn't oblige her by filling up her glass. He was too intent on finding out what her plans were. "So you're just going to go out and have sex with someone?"

"Of course," she said, laughing slightly.

"Like hell you are!"

That caught her attention. She smiled mischievously. "Don't worry. I won't use you for the teacher," she said.

"What?" Dimitri was trying to understand what was going on but he was slowly losing the thread.

She giggled at his outraged expression. "Or maybe I should," she considered, looking him up and down. "You're good at sex, aren't you?" she asked.

Dimitri was having difficulty following this conversation. He was still stuck three sentences back. "Excuse me?"

"Sex. You could teach me everything I need to know, couldn't you?"

Dimitri watched as her eyes started to close. "You want to learn to have sex?"

Helen yawned widely. "Of course. Barbara said you wouldn't like virgins."

"Why the hell would Barbara say something like that?" This conversation was becoming more strange by the second.

"Because she knew how I felt about you. She's the only one, though."

The whole conversation was completely out of control but his body froze with her last statement. "How do you feel?" he asked coaxingly. He knew he was pushing his luck but couldn't help it.

She smiled and inhaled deeply. "Oh, you know. Since you're the reason for all this craziness, it is only fair that you fix it and make me into the kind of woman...." She started off, only to drift off to sleep.

Dimitri stared at the woman who had just fallen asleep in the bathtub. What had she been about to say? Dammit! She'd haunted his dreams for so many nights and, looking at her now, all warm and rosy from the bath, he was going to have many more fantasies about bubble baths not to mention tormenting ideas about what she had been about to say.

He watched her for a long moment, staring at her full, red lips. Then his eyes traveled down her body, hidden by the bubbles but still sexy as hell. And now she was asleep. A part of him was telling him to just leave her in the bath tub, that he wouldn't be able to deal with getting her out. The gentleman in him knew that he'd never be able to walk away from her in this kind of position but the man with the aching erection wished he could.

With grim determination, he moved over to the tub and stared down at Helen. Then he rolled up his sleeve and lifted the plug, allowing the water to drain out of the bath. Quickly gathering a towel, he placed it over her naked body, but not before he'd seen the perfection of her skin, of her breasts and the apex of her thighs. Helen had long, perfectly shaped legs that ended with cute, pink painted toe nails. That was another thing he hadn't known about her and he liked it. He liked it a lot. Groaning out loud at her perfection, he covered her with a large, fluffy pink towel before lifting her into his arms.

As he carried her to the bedroom, he was amazed at how little she weighed. He looked down at the dark circles under her eyes and the long, thick lashes. What had made her so tired? She'd lost weight too, he realized. He'd have to work this through. But not tonight. Pulling the covers down with one hand, he carefully laid her down, then pulled the covers back over her.

Turning off the light, he walked out of the house, making sure all the doors were locked as he left.

Chapter 4

The pain woke her up. She'd never experienced such a headache before. The throbbing started behind her eyes, then slashed to the back of her head in wave after wave of pain. Putting a hand to her forehead, she started to roll over, then stopped as more pain washed over her head, ending somewhere toward her neck.

The phone ringing only made things worse, if that was possible. She lifted the handle just to stop the ringing.

"Good morning, Helen. How are you feeling today?" the deep voice at the other end of the line asked cheerfully.

Helen closed her eyes and tried to concentrate. "Mr. Theopolis?" she gasped as soon as her mind started working. Images of him standing over her in the bathtub came back to her but she couldn't remember if they were a dream or if he had really been here last night.

His deep chuckle made her skin tingle despite the awful pain throbbing along every bone in her body. "No going back Helen. It was 'Dimitri' last night. You're just going to have to get used to using my first name."

"Oh no," she gasped, then sank deeper into the soft pillows as even that movement caused her additional pain. It hadn't been a dream. He'd been here, in her house while she'd been too inebriated to filter her thoughts and words. What had she said? Had she embarrassed herself beyond redemption? She couldn't remember and the effort to remember was causing more pain to slash through her head.

"Yep. Are you out of bed yet?" he asked cheerfully.

Helen opened one eye, not sure how to answer him. Was she in bed? She didn't remember walking to bed last night. But then she didn't remember much of anything except answering the door and letting him in. Everything after that was a blank. "Um...yes," she lied.

Dimitri wasn't fooled and chuckled at her attempted fabrication. "No you're not. Hop up Helen. Take some aspirin, drink lots of water and meet me at the office when you feel better. We have a lot to discuss today."

"Discuss?" she squeeked. "What do we need to talk about?" She wished her mind would focus so she could remember what she'd said last night.

"Greece, for one."

"Greece?" she parroted. "What's in Greece?"

Dimitri laughed again. "Many things. Including you by this time next week. Get dressed and meet me at the office."

"Um...okay," she said softly, very confused.

Hanging up the phone, she was finally able to pull herself to a sitting position without wanting to chop off her head. But that was as far as she got. The towel fell down and she gasped as she pulled the towel and blanket back up to cover her chest. She was naked? Why in the world hadn't she put on her nightgown? She had a vague idea that Dimitri had put her to bed, but that wasn't impossible. Was it?

Only one way to find out, she said to herself. She got up and stumbled to the bathroom, downed two aspirin with a large glass of water and then stepped into a hot shower. A half hour later, she was feeling somewhat better now that she was showered and dressed. The entire trip to the office, she worried about what Dimitri wanted to discuss with her. Why would she be in Greece? She lived in London. The idea of living in Greece was only a fantasy. She'd always wanted to visit the country where the sun shined down on the beautiful coastal towns, escaping the dreary, wet winters of London.

Finally entering the office that morning, only fifteen minutes late, she was still feeling the effects of the night before. And for some reason, when she first saw Dimitri, her face turned bright red. "Good morning, Mr. Theopolis," she said primly, quickly looking away and down at her desk.

"Nope. Can't call me that anymore," Dimitri said, leaning over her desk with his hands flat on her desk. His eyes were green lights of fire as he watched her face turn an even more becoming shade of red. "You called me Dimitri last night. So it's just going to have to continue."

Helen pulled some papers out of a file folder and shuffled them needlessly, nervously. "Well...about last night Mr....I mean Dimitri. What did I say?"

She happened to glance up at his face at the right moment and caught the amusement that lit his eyes. "You don't remember?" he asked.

Helen swallowed, worried now. There was something very wrong here. "Not really," she said.

The smile moved from his eyes to his mouth as his lips curled up at the edges. "That's interesting."

He moved off into his office, leaving Helen to wonder what he was thinking, what he was remembering about the previous night.

She followed him, too worried about the possible comments she might have revealed to stay away. Standing in his doorway, she asked, "Aren't you going to tell me?"

He smiled at her worried expression but wouldn't relent. "Yes. But not today. Bring your notebook in and let's talk," he said and disappeared behind the mahogany doors of his office.

Helen went back to her desk, picked up her pen and notebook, then followed in his wake. Her eyes were worried but she tried to appear confident and unconcerned. Taking the seat as she normally would, she sat down and waited expectantly for him to begin.

"How is your mother doing?" he started off.

This definitely wasn't the conversation she'd been expecting. Usually, when he called her into his office he started shooting off instructions at rapid speed, and Helen hurried to keep up with him. His question threw her momentarily. "Great," Helen replied immediately, wanting to reassure him. "The apartment you found was wonderful. She barely has time for me anymore since there is so much to do within the community. She's made many friends. I can't thank you enough for finding it for me. It was a great find."

"Good. You said she barely has time for you anymore. Is that a problem? How often do the two of you get together?"

Helen smiled and relaxed slightly. This was a safe conversation. "I call her often but the last time she had time for me was about two weeks ago. When I speak to her on the phone, she's so excited about things she's done, I can barely get a word in."

"So if you were to move to Greece, that wouldn't cause problems with your mother's care?"

Helen's heart went into overdrive. "Greece? You want me to move to Greece?" She said the words in a whisper, almost reverently. She tried to keep the hope out of her voice but she knew it was coming through.

He nodded his head slightly. "Yes. My assistant there wants to retire. I was hoping you'd take over that position with slightly different responsibilities."

Helen's smile instantly brightened. "Oh, that would be wonderful. Are you sure I'd be qualified?" she asked, her eyes hopeful.

Dimitri didn't answer immediately. He simply stared at her face, thrilled that she was willing to come out to Greece with him. It was asking a lot for her to give up everything familiar here in London and follow him to his country but apparently she was more than willing to do so if her expression were any indication. "I can honestly say that you would be perfectly suited for the position I have in mind for you."

"When?" she asked, unable to hide her excitement.

Dimitri laughed. She had moved on her chair from a relaxed position where she'd been able to take notes quickly to sitting on the edge of her chair, her excitement more than obvious. "As soon as possible. But you have to understand, this is a slightly different kind of role. You'd be more of a personal assistant to me than an executive assistant. There is travel required, parties and conferences to plan and attend. I'd need you in a different type of capacity," he cautioned, careful not to reveal too much for fear that he would scare her away. "Are you sure you'd be prepared for that kind of a position?"

"Planning parties? Travel? What a dream!" she gushed. "Absolutely. I'd love to grow more in that capacity." She was so excited she was almost shaking in anticipation. Then a thought struck her. "But aren't I a little...." She wasn't sure how to phrase the question. She bit her lip nervously, unsure of how to ask him. But then the hurt from the previous few days reared up and she squared her shoulders. She had been about to ask if she was too frumpy and old fashioned for the job. Dimitri was one of those people who was regularly pictured in society columns and the women he escorted wore beautiful gowns and were confident and poised.

Who was to say she couldn't mould herself into that kind of a woman? Not that she had any aspirations to become one of Dimitri's women. There was no possibility of that. But she could definitely polish up her image so she was more suitable for the role he was proposing.

"What were you going to ask?" Dimitri questioned, extreme curiosity gleaming from his sharp, green eyes.

Helen shook her head and lifted her chin. "Nothing. I was going to say something but I realized it was irrelevant. I can definitely help you out and no, there is nothing holding me here. I would love to move to Greece and become your personal assistant."

Dimitri smiled and Helen's heart flip flopped. "Good," he said. "Then you'll need to get a work visa. There's no need to find an apartment immediately. You can use the corporate apartment until you find something you like. But don't rush into anything." He actually had no plans for her to find an apartment ever. If things went the way he planned, she would move into his house, and into his bed.

Helen left his office and sat down nervously at her own desk. Her hands actually shook as she reached out to the computer mouse so she hid them under her desk. Was this really going to happen? The idea of leaving London, traveling to Greece with Dimitri was more than she could imagine. Her happiness was almost overwhelming her and she had to stop thinking of the possibilities and concentrate on the realities of getting everything done in one week.

Taking a deep breath, she forced her mind to concentrate on the specific things she'd need in order to be able to leave with Dimitri on the desired date.

Clothes! That was one area she'd need to change immediately. First things first though. She quickly searched through the government web sites to find out what she would need to do to get a work visa for Greece. Printing out that information, she then called a real estate agent and arranged to have her house rented out. Moving company was next. Dimitri had said she could use the corporate apartment in Athens but she would never put him out that much. She would find an apartment immediately so she wouldn't need to rely on his generosity too much.

The next week was a blur of nervous excitement for Helen. She wrapped up issues within the office efficiently, reviewing contracts and adjusting the filing system so it made more sense to the person who would take over.

Each day during her lunch hour, she would shop. With the help of a personal shopper, she found flattering skirts, shirts, shoes with higher heels that flattered her long legs. She wore soft sweaters and delicate jewelry paired with long slacks or pretty skirts, some that flowed around her legs and some that hugged her hips. All were still professional looking but less boxy. Everything was feminine.

She visited one of the boutiques and had a facial and re-learned how to apply makeup. She didn't want too much, knowing that the heat in Greece could be intense and she didn't want a great deal of makeup to smother her. Just some powder, mascara and lipstick usually but she also purchased several colors of eye shadow, shades that would bring out the color of her eyes and coordinate with her prettier, more feminine clothes.

The day after her conversation with Dimitri, she wore one of her new outfits to the office. As soon as she stepped off the elevators, several of the men actually stopped their conversations to stare at her. Dimitri's reaction was also encouraging. He had been reading a report when she'd walked into his office, notebook and pen in hand prepared to take instructions for the day. Initially, his eyes only glanced at her appearance, then went back to the report but within a second, they snapped right back to her pink, V neck sweater and shorter than normal skirt that hugged her slim hips. Her new heels were higher than normal but not so high that she stumbled when she walked. She smiled bravely at him, enjoying his stunned reaction.

When he didn't say anything for a long moment, Helen's self-esteem took a nose dive. "Do I look okay?" she'd asked, biting her lower lip in fear that she looked ridiculous.

His response was a broad smile and a green light lit up his eyes. "Definitely. That color of pink suits your blue eyes."

His comments gave her courage and she became more confident with her wardrobe choices. There wasn't anything that slowed down her efficiency and she wondered why she'd pushed her femininity so far away all these years.

"Are there any travel arrangements I should make for you?" she asked Dimitri two days before they were scheduled to leave. She usually didn't make these kinds of arrangements since his PA in the Athens office took care of them. But since she was going to be that person, she wanted to make sure she was covering all the angles.

"No, Alessandra will be doing that from now on," he explained, relaxing behind his desk, enjoying the view of her long, sexy legs which were revealed in her flirty, floaty, flowered skirt. Pulling his eyes away from her legs, he went on, "Besides, you've been working too hard lately. Why don't I take you out to dinner tonight and we can go over the details of the trip."

Helen's eyes widened at the new female name. "Who is Alessandra?" she asked, trying to hide the jealousy that flared up into her eyes.

Dimitri watched with satisfaction as the female name caused the appropriate reaction. He like that about her, the fact that he could read her expressions so well. There was no subterfuge with Helen. It was all there, written on her face.

"Helen is my new secretary out in Athens."

Helen gulped nervously. "I thought I would be taking over all those duties." She heard her voice and cringed, wishing she didn't sound so insecure and jealous.

"No. You have a different position entirely."

She licked her lips nervously, wondering what she'd done wrong. Why had he hired a secretary. Wasn't that her position now? "I don't understand."

Dimitri smothered a smile and knew he would have to explain this carefully. He couldn't reveal his plans for her until he had her away from the London office. He suspected that she was going to rebel and climb back into her shell. He didn't know why, but Helen had a very precarious self-esteem and he wanted to protect her feelings and her growing confidence in herself as a woman.

As it was, he was having a very hard time controlling his raging libido with her new wardrobe. Helen had taken to wearing tighter, shorter skirts in lighter, more feminine colors that were very sophisticated and shoes with slender, sexy heels. Today's little floaty number was a complete deviation from the norm but he liked it just as much as the slim fitting skirts. Hell, there wasn't much about Helen he didn't like, he knew.

Her shirts were made of soft, silky material or sweaters that clung to her voluptuous curves. All of which he was aching to touch and not just because the clothes revealed her figure more prominently. Just a few more days, and his plan would be put into place he reminded himself.

"So how about that dinner? Go get your purse and I'll take you out."

Helen shook her head nervously. "You don't have to do that," she instantly replied.

"Of course I do. How are you going to know what your responsibilities are going to be if I don't tell you more about the job? But right now, I'm hungry and you haven't eaten since that half sandwich you ate for lunch so we're going out. Get your purse and shut down your computer. Don't bring anything home to work on either," he warned.

Helen nodded her head efficiently and walked out to shut everything down. She picked up a notebook despite his claim that she shouldn't bring any work home with her. She'd just take notes during dinner, she thought, and then tonight she could mull over her new duties and figure out how to get them organized in her mind.

Dinner that evening was delicious but they didn't talk about her job at all. Instead, he made her laugh by telling her silly stories about the people in the Athens office. She ate more than she needed to and by the time the raspberry tort with thick cream was devoured, she was feeling very content.

"Thank you very much for dinner," she said softly as he walked her to her door.

Dimitri stared down into her soft, smiling features and wished he could bend down and kiss her full lips that were sweetly parted. She wanted him to kiss her. He could sense it just as thoroughly as he knew that he was a male and she a female. It was in the air and the tense moment spread out. Somehow, Dimitri wasn't sure where he found the energy, but he managed to resist the temptation. That would be bad, he reminded himself. Because once he started kissing her, he didn't intend to stop. And knowing that her pretty bed in the soft yellow room was only a few feet away, he had to step back quickly or be tempted to pull her into his arms.

"I'll see you in the morning, Helen. We'll celebrate your last day in London with a shopping spree, okay?"

"Oh, no need!" she said quickly, forcing her mind to back away from the fantasy of having this gorgeous man kiss her and show her what sex was all about. For a moment, she'd forgotten that he was her boss and she would be starting a new job with bigger responsibilities in just a few hours. It was humiliating to think that he might be able to see the desire on her face but she was grateful for the dim light overhead. "I've already purchased everything I'll need for Greece. Besides, I have to go over the details of my job to my replacement who is arriving tomorrow morning. I hope you'll like her," she said as professionally as she could.

Dimitri sighed. One more day, he reminded himself. There would be no more work she could hide behind and she'd just have to face up to what she felt for him and let him show her what he felt in return.

"I'll see you tomorrow," he said but couldn't resist reaching out to touch her soft cheek gently.

Helen didn't think she'd be able to sleep that night. Her skin was still tingling from where he'd casually touched her face and she was so excited about the move and being in the bright sunshine. But as soon as her head hit the pillow, she was fast asleep.

Chapter 5

The next morning was frantic as she showed her replacement the ropes and still answered all of Dimitri's requests.

It was late afternoon and Helen finally had a moment to breathe as she briefed Dimitri on her progress. When she was finished, she lowered her notepad and looked across the desk at him, eagerly waiting for the next round of instructions for the day.

Dimitri watched her, and counted the hours. Fifteen. "I like the outfit, by the way," he said, and enjoyed the soft blush that came over her features. This particular skirt was a soft blue paired with a blue silk shirt that exactly matched her eyes. He had noticed her lipstick as well. Today's was a pretty pink that only highlighted the full lips that he'd been aching to taste for more months than he wanted to think about.

And her eyes! Good grief! She was wearing mascara now that darkened the lashes, making her beautiful blue eyes stand out. She looked like a soft, pretty kitten that blinked curiously in his direction.

"Thank you," she said softly, unable to look him in the eye as she smoothed the flattering fabric over her knees as she sat primly on the edge of her chair. Dimitri was glad she'd forgotten about the instructions for the rest of the day. He wanted her to go home and relax, enjoy her last night in town. Would she do it?

They were suddenly interrupted by Jim Miller, his financial expert in the London office who immediately stopped and took in Helen's new attire. The man whistled and smiled broadly. "Helen! I like it. Great new look."

Helen's reaction to this man immediately soothed the rage that filled Dimitri after that effusive compliment. Helen's blush didn't appear and she was not flustered in any way. She simply looked the man professionally in the eye and said a polite thank you, turning on her heel and walking out of the office. Her head was high and shoulders back, ignoring the man's rude behavior completely.

When Jim turned to watch Helen walk out of the office, blatantly ignoring Dimitri, his temper flared once again. "Watch it," Dimitri growled. "She's not for public consumption."

Jim's eyes snapped back to Dimitri's and blinked, as if he were unaware of how inappropriate his actions were. "Sorry, Helen's always been a knockout but now...Wow!" he exclaimed. "I've been asking her out to dinner or lunch for months but with no luck." He looked back at the now empty door where Helen had just disappeared and shook his head. "I might just ramp up my efforts now."

Dimitri's eyes sliced the man. "Forget her. As I said, she's not available," Dimitri said coldly.

Jim's face flushed with color as he finally received the intended message. "Oh.. Umm....I see," he said. "Is that why she's leaving for Greece Saturday?" he said, finally putting two and two together. He smiled a little forlornly. "Are you sure she's interested?" he asked bravely.

Dimitri raised one eyebrow at the man's audacity but since he wasn't being malicious about it, he decided to answer his question. "Yes." Was all he said, keeping the fact that he'd have to convince Helen that she was allowed to be interested to himself. For some reason, Helen didn't think she could be the type of woman Dimitri was interested in. He had solid plans to disabuse her of that ridiculous notion as soon as he could get her alone with him and away from the office. Helen tended to hide behind work when she got nervous instead of confronting the reason for that anxiety.

He'd take it slow, Dimitri told himself. He'd make sure she understood how long he'd been thinking about her, tell her how gorgeous and sexy she was down underneath all that professionalism. But now that the plan was in action, there was no stopping it. He was going to have her.

"Well..." Jim started off after a prolonged wait for more information. "I guess that says it all, doesn't it?" he stammered out. "But..." he took a deep breath, obviously nervous about what he was about to say but determined to say it anyway. "Well, the thing is, that many of us have tried to get Helen to go out with us," he started off, only to stop when he saw Dimitri's eyes become even more forbidding. "She's beautiful, Dimitri. And she's a nice person inside. It's no wonder those of us not married are interested in her," he said, puffing up his chest with his resolution to finish. "And if you're going to just play with her, well then I've got something to say about that."

Dimitri watched the man squirm for a long time, admiring his spirit and respecting him even more now that he was willing to stand up for his Helen. But the fact was, Helen was going to be his, and no one else's.

"Don't hurt her, is all I'm trying to say," Jim finally finished. "If she's just another woman to you, then I'm going to step in and ask you to back off. Helen isn't like all those other women you date." He could no longer hold Dimitri's gaze as he finished off, "She's special."

Dimitri cleared his throat and stood up. "I won't hurt her. And you're right. She's special," he said softly. "Trust me. I have only the noblest intentions."

The two men stood facing each other, Jim clearly out classed by Dimitri's superior height and breadth as well as that certain something that had women clamoring all over him to get into his bed. Finally, Jim accepted what Dimitri was saying and nodded. "Good enough. But if it doesn't work out," he started off, only to be interrupted by Dimitri's angry gaze.

"It will work out."

Jim sighed heavily. "That's part of the problem," he said. "Congratulations," he said, his mouth forming a smile that Dimitri didn't see reflected in the older man's eyes.

"Thank you. What did you need to see me about?" Dimitri asked, changing the subject to something a little less volatile.

Jim's mind shifted unwillingly to the papers he was holding in his hand and started explaining the issue. Once he'd received direction from Dimitri, he left, barely looking at Helen as he passed by her desk.

Dimitri watched him leave and wondered how many other men felt the same way about Helen as he did.

"What's wrong with Jim?" Helen asked, clasping a file folder to her chest as she watched the man walk down the hallway. She was standing next to Dimitri, her body half turned toward him while she considered her friend's strange behavior.

"Why do you ask?"

"Because he usually stops by my desk to talk, or to ask me out one more time," she laughed up to Dimitri's face. "But today, he was very business-like."

Dimitri looked down into her lovely blue eyes, thinking about her soft, full lips and how perfectly he knew they were going to feel against his mouth, his skin....his...Dimitri stopped that train of thought, knowing it would lead to yet another cold shower. "He's busy," was all he would say. "Come on into my office," he said.

Helen didn't hesitate as she walked quickly behind him, eager to take on any task he handed her. "How many other men in this building ask you out regularly?" he asked, his voice calm but inside, he was furious. How could he have been so wrapped up in his own plans that he'd failed to notice other men's interest?

"Oh, that," she said waving her hand dismissively. "Jim's never serious. Have you seen the women he dates?" she asked. "And his ex-wife, Louise is stunning. Jim and the others are just being nice," she said, shrugging away the question as if Dimitri were only being silly.

"How many, Helen?" he demanded, hands on his hips and his teeth gritted angrily.

Helen looked up at him, yet another blush forming on her soft, creamy cheeks. "Oh, just a few."

"Names, Helen. I want their names." He would talk to each and every one of them to make sure those men understood the situation.

"Oh, Dimitri, please don't worry about their comments and pointless flirtations. They aren't serious. They are all just flattering me so they can get better access to you. You're their boss, so it's natural that they would want to butter me up."

Dimitri sighed heavily. "Helen, you have no idea how beautiful you are, do you?" he asked harshly. This could be a problem. If she didn't know people were hitting on her, how was she going to prevent it? "You're going to have to understand that sooner or later, you know," he growled out, not wanting to take a single step backwards now that he felt as if he'd made some progress with her.

Helen's blush intensified and she laughed nervously. "Really, Dimitri, you don't have to say things like that," she whispered, remembering the words of her ex-boyfriend who had said she was just a plain Jane that would never amount to much. Which was the truth, she thought. She would never be what she truly wanted. Looking at Dimitri, she thought about all her fantasies and dreams and could only sigh in response.

Dimitri shook his head. "Helen..." he started off, only to stop himself from saying anything. Why convince her that she was the sexiest woman he'd ever run into? He should wait, show her once he finally got her alone.

"What about the travel arrangements?" Helen asked, changing the subject when she saw him rub his hand along his neck. "This Alessandra? Is there a problem with my move?" she asked anxiously. She tried to keep the worry out of her tone but thought she might have failed when he turned and smiled down at her. Was he only patronizing her because he didn't think she could do the job? "I mean, if you are having second thoughts, then all you have to do is say so. I will understand."

He looked down into her eyes. Her whole body was tense as if bracing for the bad news that he'd changed his mind. The woman would really need to get more confidence. And he'd do all he could to help her in that area as well.

Of course, he'd had second thoughts all right, Dimitri thought. He'd had so many thoughts he could barely sleep, needing her in his bed and her soft body wrapped around his. He wanted to hear her soft moans as he brought her to a climax time and again. He didn't think those were the kinds of thoughts she was talking about so he refocused on her face and smiled. "Absolutely not. The position is all yours. You just have a different capacity. I'll talk you through it starting on Saturday," he said, his fatigue instantly evaporating as he thought about all he was going to tell her. "But it will be difficult for you to change into it so you'll have to learn to follow my directions carefully," he explained.

"I understand," she replied seriously. "I'm eager to learn and I promise I won't let you down." Helen squared her shoulders and her pretty eyes glowed with determination.

Dimitri had to stifle a bark of laughter. They were obviously talking about two different things and he couldn't wait to reveal his plans for her. "Good. So let Alessandra deal with the travel arrangements. I'll pick you up on Saturday morning at eight o'clock. Okay? Are you all packed?"

"Of course. I've packed for any kind of weather but I'm not sure about the weather in Greece. I plan on getting more appropriate clothes once we get there." She looked at his amused face and blushed, wondering why she'd brought up something that couldn't possibly interest him. Clearing her throat nervously, she continued, "In the meantime, here is the agenda for this afternoon's meeting," handing him a piece of paper.

Dimitri tore his gaze away from her features and forced his eyes to look down at the schedule. She was a little drill seargent, that was for sure. He took the paper and placed it behind him on the desk, enjoying the view as she walked out of his office and back to her desk. The gentle sway of her hips created images in his mind which only hardened his already aching body but he didn't mind. Relief and blissful satisfaction would arrive soon.

Chapter 6

Saturday morning was dull and gray but nothing could dampen Helen's spirits. Her tiny house was completely packed in boxes, ready to be shipped to Athens that afternoon. It would be in a storage space until she found a suitable apartment and her clothes, all the new ones that she'd busily purchased over the past week, were in a suitcase, pressed and ready for her new job. The old ones had been given to a charity so she could never slip back into that old, awful, dull routine again. This was a new life and she intended to live every moment as much as possible.

When the doorbell rang, she answered it quickly, not bothering to even look through the peep hole. "Good morning," she said shyly, allowing Dimitri to walk into her family room. "I'm ready to go," she said.

Dimitri looked down at her sharp business outfit, complete with her new, sexy heels and almost groaned out loud. The idea that he was finally getting her alone, well almost alone, and away from business was a heady aphrodisiac. He wanted this woman more powerfully than he'd ever wanted any other woman. But he still had to move slowly. She had no idea about her own self worth and appeal. He'd start showing her immediately.

"Great. Let's get going," he replied, putting a hand to the small of her back to lead her out of the room.

"Oh, let me get my bags," she said quickly, trying desperately to suppress the shiver of excitement that charged through her system at Dimitri's warm touch on her back.

He grabbed her hands and pulled her back to his side, shaking his head. "No. This will be your first lesson. My driver is right outside. He'll bring down your bags."

Helen's soft blue eyes stared at him uncomprehendingly for a long moment before she nodded her head. "If you say so."

"I say so. Come along," he said. He hadn't missed the shiver at his touch and instantly his body reacted. He was going to have to do something soon. He wasn't sure how much longer his body could take this continuous state of arousal when he was around her. Or not around her, he reminded himself. Just thinking about Helen could snap his body to attention. And he thought about her a lot.

Helen preceded him out of the apartment, his hand touching either her back or her arm gently but the heat was so intense, she felt as if she were being burned. The long black limousine that was waiting out front was already attracting attention from the early morning pedestrians out walking their dogs. She smiled to the few she knew before ducking her head into the back. She took a seat on the opposite side from Dimitri, her back toward the driver. "So what time is our flight?" she asked, laying her hands on her lap in an effort to hide the shaking. When she realized she looked nervous, she changed her mind and opened her planner and picked up her pen, ready to take notes on whatever he might toss at her.

He pulled the daytimer from her lap and tossed it onto the seat next to her. The pen followed. "We aren't flying," he said and took her hand to pull her into the seat next to him. He didn't continue to touch her, but he didn't move away when her shoulder touched his arm.

This new position made every cell in her body shiver with excitement. She wished she could sit back on the other side, away from him but she couldn't do that without looking silly. "Oh! Well, how are we getting there?" she asked, pressing her hands on her lap to hide the shaking, then balling them into fists when they still showed her nervousness.

Dimitri looked down at her, hearing the trunk close shut indicating that her bags were stored away already. "We're going by ship," he explained.

That definitely surprised her. Why on earth would they be going by ship? She knew of course that he built ships and transported material in them, but she never imagined she would be one of those items en route. "Ship? I....I don't think I understand."

He sat back and stretched his long legs out in front of him and leaned his head back against the plush, black leather seat. "I've decided to take a long overdue vacation this time around. We're taking this trip slowly. I have four friends who will be traveling with us. I believe they're already on board."

Helen's mind worked quickly. "This wouldn't happen to be your yacht, would it?" she asked, biting her lip as the anxiety of traveling in such luxury hit her full on.

"Yes. Is that a problem?" A horrible thought occurred to him and he lifted his head to look back down at her. "You aren't afraid of water, are you?" he asked, seeing the fear in her eyes but not understanding it.

Helen saw the concern come into his eyes and shifted quickly to reassure him. "No, no! Nothing like that," she answered. "It's just that..." How could she tell him her feelings about being in such opulence? Of course, his office was impressive and she'd heard about his home but she'd never been inside that penthouse, turning down the nice holiday invitations she'd received over the past several months. But his yacht? This was too much. She didn't feel right traveling with him like this.

"What?" he prompted when she didn't continue.

"Well, your yacht...I read about it in one of the society columns one day."

Dimitri smiled, the amusement showing in his eyes. "Are you reading about me other Sundays?" he asked, already knowing the answer by the blush on her cheeks.

Helen flushed, afraid she might have revealed too much about her feelings for the man. She quickly tried to back track. "You're in the society and business columns often," she admitted honestly. "The women you date are very lovely," she whispered, almost ashamed that she'd peeked into his life in such a voyeuristic way.

Dimitri could not have asked for a better opening. "And how do you think you compare to them?" he asked.

Helen shrugged and looked out the window so he couldn't see her face. "Oh, I know I don't even rank in their world."

"And what would you say if I told you that you are ten times more beautiful than they are?" he asked. "You wouldn't believe me would you?"

Helen laughed nervously. "I'd think you are just being kind like all the other men in the office."

He didn't grit his teeth or growl at that reminder of other men's interest but it was close. Each time he thought about it he wanted to punch something, preferably the men's faces that had dared to intrude on Helen's time and what he considered his own. "But you said they were being nice to you so they could get better access to me. What's my motive? I certainly don't need better access to myself. Perhaps I'm being honest."

Helen watched his face, wondering why he was teasing her so much. But she didn't see any amusement in his features. Deciding to be straightforward with him, she said, "I don't understand."

Dimitri sighed heavily, wishing he could just pull her into his arms and kiss her so she'd get it. Slowly, he reminded himself. "I know you don't. But over the next few weeks, I'll make sure you start."

She couldn't answer him since the luxurious car pulled to a stop. She looked out her window and sure enough, they were at the pier. But it wasn't the pier where all the other yachts were docked. No, Dimitri's yacht was too large for those. It was small compared to the large ships surrounding them but since they were cargo freighters and his a personal vessel, his still looked enormous. It seemed like a very luxurious cruise ship to her untutored eyes. From what the articles said about it, the vessel basically was exactly that, a private cruise ship with just about every conceivable luxury possible including a weight room, cinema, large dancing area, more bedrooms than a large house and palatial dining as well as other entertainment areas. She saw that there was even a helipad on top of one end and a crystal clear pool with decking.

They were greeted by the captain himself as well as a ship mate who literally ran down the gangway to retrieve their bags. Dimitri excused the captain in order to show Helen to her stateroom.

Opening the door, Helen gasped in awe at the beauty surrounding her. The stateroom itself was almost as large as her entire house. The king sized bed was covered in white satin and the carpeting was thick and soft. There was a sitting area and a bar, filled with drinks and a refrigerator. "Will this be okay?" he asked.

Shaking her head and turning to face him, she was startled to find that he was so close. She had to step back in order to remember what she had been about to say. Clearing her head of all the silly, romantic thoughts his nearness induced, she said instead, "Mr. Theopolis, are you sure you want me in this stateroom? Shouldn't this be for one of your guests?"

"You're going to feel silly calling me 'Mr. Theopolis' on board. Just accept that it is more appropriate for you to now call me Dimitri and stop worrying about any kind of significance with using my first name." He looked around the stateroom and nodded his head, "As for you staying in this suite, you are one of my guests so yes, I do want you in this stateroom. Make yourself at home. And since I suspect that these bags," he said referring to the large, black bags being set inside her door, "are filled with business clothes, I took the liberty of having a more appropriate wardrobe delivered for you. I think they are already hung up in the closet. You're a size six, correct?" he asked, his eyes moving down her slender figure.

"Yes," Helen said nervously, wringing her hands as she looked around the amazing room. "But I don't think I'll feel comfortable working in this room. I should be with the rest of the staff in their quarters. And you really don't need to buy me clothes. If what I'm wearing or have brought along isn't appropriate, I'll definitely exchange them for better items." She felt awful that she had gotten things so wrong. Wishing she could just crawl into a corner where she could conceal her embarrassment, she hid her eyes, looking down at the carpet.

Dimitri closed the distance between the two of them and put a hand under her chin so he could look down into her eyes. "This would be where you need to accept my advice. You are to be treated as a guest, starting immediately. If any work comes in that is so imperative that I have to deal with it, I'll let you know. Until then, you should change out of those business clothes and put on at least a sundress, or even better, a bathing suit. The forecast is for eighty five today and we'll be in the Mediterranean by noon so the heat will be intense. You will definitely be overdressed in those clothes."

He turned and put a hand on the door knob and looked back at her, winking at her nervousness. "Believe me Helen. This is a completely different position. Relax, come up on deck when you've changed clothes." He turned to leave. "Oh," he said, stopping and turning back to her, "I'm in the next room. Feel free to stop by for anything at all."

Helen was alone, standing in the center of this incredible room and wondering what he was talking about. He seemed so mysterious and she realized that she had no idea what her responsibilities would entail, besides the vague idea that she would be in charge of entertaining and other possibilities.

Opening the closet doors, she looked in awe at the most incredible wardrobe she'd ever seen in her life. The colors were nothing like what she usually wore. Not a single outfit was in black, tan or gray. They were in every color of the rainbow, all having their tags still on them. Her fingers reached out to touch the lovely clothes, taking out several to see them more clearly. They were obviously designer originals but who were they made for? She recognized the tags but there were no price tags on them. She guessed that old phrase, "If you have to ask, you can't afford it" applied to these articles.

She looked around and shook her head. "There has to be some sort of mistake," she said to herself. "These can't be the clothes he ordered for me."

Stepping out of her stateroom, she looked down the long hallway. There were only two rooms on this hallway and he'd said his was right next door. The only other way to go was up and onto the main deck. So she walked carefully down the hallway, noticing that the ship was already moving. Had they taken off the moment Dimitri had stepped on board? Apparently, she sighed.

Knocking tentatively on the door, she waited for a long moment, wondering if she'd misunderstood his directions. But a moment later, Dimitri appeared in the open doorway, his chest glistening with droplets of water and the only covering was a thick towel wrapped precariously around his waist.

Helen could only stare at the amazing muscles in his chest and shoulders. The man's body was packed! His biceps and triceps were like a body builder's with ridges in all the right places. Her eyes then moved down, eagerly taking in the additional ridges of his stomach muscles, following the dark line of hair that disappeared into the depths of the towel.

"I'm flattered," his deep voice said, interrupting her mind's imagination and forcing her eyes to snap back up to his. "But I'm guessing your perusal doesn't mean what I'm hoping it means."

"What?" still distracted with his chest and arms and more than a little interested in taking off that towel and discovering what was underneath.

Dimitri chuckled. "I don't think you're ready for me to answer that question. What can I help you with? Besides what I'd like to help with?" he joked.

Helen licked suddenly dry lips and looked at the door frame, the carpet, anything to avoid looking at his magnificent body, the memory of which was still sending tingles throughout her entire body. "I'm afraid there has been a mix up. The clothes in the closet you mentioned can't be for me," she said, wishing her voice would remain more even.

"Are you sure?" he asked. "Let's go see. I thought I was very specific."

She considered letting him lead her back to her stateroom, but that would mean his almost naked body touching hers in the small hallway. So she turned back and headed quickly toward her room.

When they were back in her room, she walked over to the closet full of beautiful clothes. "See," she said, her hand waving toward the clothes hanging in the closet. "These are too expensive," she said. "They are obviously someone else's clothes. Perhaps the ship's staff mixed up the clothes."

Dimitri shook his head and went through the clothes. "Nope. These are yours. I didn't select them personally, but I told my secretary what I wanted and this is pretty close. She did a good job," he smiled and pulled out a yellow bikini that was barely three triangles and lots of string. "How about this one?" he suggested.

Helen could only stare at the scraps of materials. "You think I should wear that?"

"Of course. You'd look incredible," he said, but had to put it down since his body was already hardening at the idea of seeing her in the bathing suit. He wasn't sure how much the towel would hide and he didn't want to scare her off before he even got her out to sea. "If that's too risque, how about this one?" he suggested, and pulled out another one that was only slightly larger.

This bathing suit was red and blue with only slightly larger triangles. "I can't wear that," Helen gasped.

"Why not?" he questioned, liking the idea of her wearing the suit. "You definitely have the figure for it," he said.

She was already shaking her head before he finished. "No! I can't wear that. I would look ridiculous."

"Why on earth would you think that?" he asked, laughing at her outraged expression. "You have all the prerequisite parts and, from what I can see, they are all in the perfect shape for these outfits." He couldn't hide the lascivious grin or the glance that took in her slender hips and voluptuous breasts in a single, sweeping glance.

Her hand went up and fluttered around the tiny scraps of material as she struggled to find words to adequately articulate her issues. "It's too small," she finally said.

"How about this," he suggested and pulled out a pretty yellow sundress.

Helen was so relieved that he hadn't pulled out yet another bathing suit that she grasped the hanger as if it were a lifeline. "Fine. Yes, that's lovely."

Dimitri laughed. "Good. I'll see you up on deck in five minutes," he said.

Helen held the yellow fabric against her stomach, relieved to see him walk away. When she was alone again, she lifted the dress up and examined it more closely. "Wow!" she exclaimed, seeing the halter top and backless dress for the first time. Looking warily at the bikinis still laying on the bed, she sighed, relieved that at least the dress was less revealing than the bathing suits.

Peering into the closet, she realized that all of the bathing suits, ten of them, were in various colors of the rainbow but all were bikinis. Helen put a hand to her forehead, wondering how she could escape swimming during this trip. It should be relatively easy considering that she was an employee instead of a real guest.

Helen pulled the dress over her head and looked at it in the mirror as it drifted down over her curves. Shaking her head, she pulled off her bra, then refastened the halter top. There was no back to the dress so her bra straps were too obvious. Thankfully, there was enough support in the halter top that she didn't have to wear one. The front dipped much more dramatically than she had ever worn before. As she twirled, she realized how pretty she looked. Was this really her? She stared at her reflection in the large mirror and was awestruck by the person gazing back. Her skin was creamy yes, but that was only enhanced by the yellow color, something she'd always avoided because she didn't think it would look right on her. The skirt was short, ending several inches above her knees but it wasn't indecent.

The knock on the door indicated that Dimitri was tired of waiting for her. Grabbing her pen and notebook, she hurried to answer the door.

As soon as she opened the door, his eyes clashed with hers. She lost the battle before it began and blushed when she felt his gaze move slowly down her figure in the yellow dress. "You look lovely," he said finally. "I knew you would."

"Thank you for the clothes. I'll take good care of them and I promise to use them gently so someone else can take them when this is over."

"Not if I have anything to say about it," he grumbled a moment before he took her hand to lead her down the hallway. He stopped when she was outside the door and tossed her pen and notebook back onto the bed. "You won't be needing these," he said.

He then pulled her along behind him before she could utter a protest. "Good morning, ladies and gentlemen," Dimitri said as soon as they entered the dining room. "I'd like to introduce Helen. She's here as my special guest," he said. "This is Martin and Aimee," he introduced, waving to a handsome man with silver in his hair and his arm around a lovely woman with blond hair and a warm smile. "And over there," he said, indicating another couple on the opposite side of the round table, "is Kevin and Marie." Kevin had blond hair and Marie had dark hair and dark eyes. Both smiled, but Marie's smile didn't quite reach her eyes as she looked Helen up and down.

"Finally," Kevin joked. "I thought you two would never emerge," he laughed and the rest of the group joined in as Helen blushed furiously, understanding what they were implying.

"Would you?" Dimitri asked as he held out a seat for Helen.

"Nope," Kevin replied but pulled Marie closer to kiss her ear. Marie was more than happy to feel his affection and smiled into his gray eyes.

The mood was light and jovial as they left the harbor, the ship making good time out of the dull London temperatures and along the dark, gloomy French coastline. They stayed inside the parlor until they reached the Spanish coast and the clouds started to disperse. As the morning aged, the sun started to heat the group and eventually, they moved from the parlor to the deck, all of them laughing and talking, arguing about various topics. It was interesting to see Dimitri with his friends. He was a completely different person than he was in the board room, but still the devastatingly handsome and charming man she'd fallen in love with.

The sun felt good on Helen's bare arms and she felt wonderful as she basked in the attention of Dimitri as the six of them drank coffee and sat around the glorious pool which would be heated until they arrived in warmer climes.

After a delicious lunch of light sandwiches and fresh fruit, the other four slowly left, leaving Helen and Dimitri alone. "Your friends are nice," Helen said, suddenly nervous as she sat alone under his intense gaze.

"I think so."

"Where did you meet them?"

"I went to college with Kevin and Martin. Martin has been with Aimee since their senior year and have four kids, all of whom are currently in school."

"How did Marie and Kevin meet?" she asked, curious but also wary of his relaxed perusal.

"They've been together for about three years, still not married but not from lack of trying on Marie's side."

"Why doesn't Kevin want to get married?"

"It will be his third wife," he said. "The first two married him exclusively for his money."

"Really?" she asked, genuinely surprised. She'd liked Kevin, thinking he was a kind, romantic soul as he made sure Marie was secure in the knowledge that he loved her with small body language.

"Why does that surprise you?"

"Because Kevin doesn't strike me as the kind who would fall into that kind of a relationship. Besides, he's very handsome. Why wouldn't a woman want him for himself?" she asked.

There was an odd expression on Dimitri's face as he looked at her. "I'm not sure I like you noticing other men," he finally said.

Helen laughed, thinking he was teasing her. "Well, it's not as if he's going to fall at my feet in love with me," she joked.

"Why not?"

Helen rolled her eyes. "I can see in the mirror, Mr. Theo..." she stopped herself at his look. "Sorry, Dimitri. That sounds odd."

"Ignoring your reluctance to use my first name, which I'm guaranteeing will disappear by the end of this cruise, why do you consider yourself so unattractive?"

Helen shrugged. "Oh, I know I'm not ugly or anything. But nor am I the stunning beauty you usually go out with."

"And what if I disagree?"

Helen smiled, not realizing the sadness in her expression, and looked away. "You're a very nice man."

Dimitri laughed. "Helen, you're probably the only person who would ever say that. No, I'm not nice. Nor do I ever want to be considered nice."

She was stunned by that announcement. Dimitri? Not nice? Good grief, he was one of the nicest, gentlest men she'd ever met in her life. It was one of the many things she loved about him. "But you're very nice to me."

"Perhaps because I have an ulterior motive."

She almost snorted her amusement at that comment. "What on earth could you want from me?" she laughed. "You already pay me an excellent salary.

Dimitri leaned forward and took her hand, pulling her out of her seat and leading her over to the railing. "I want to know the name of the man who convinced you that you aren't beautiful," he said. He moved so that her back was to the railing and one strong arm was on either side of her, caging her into an almost-embrace, trapping her there so she couldn't get away.

Helen's mind was whirling at his touch and she looked up into his handsome face. "Excuse me?" she asked.

"His name, Helen. You couldn't have done this on your own."

Helen stared, shocked. "No one did this to me. I've never really dated. Men don't really come on to me," she explained, a note of pain entering her voice. She had to look away, unable to hold his gaze. Admitting something like that to a man like him was difficult. She'd had one man in her life and yes, he'd said some horrible things. But she'd disregarded them, knowing what a jerk he was.

"Or maybe you just don't realize that so many men are coming on to you," he suggested, thinking of Jim and several others he'd seen watching Helen while she walked down the hallway recently.

Helen shook her head. "No, clearly, I'm not the femme fatale kind of woman."

"I beg to differ," he said softly and leaned forward, his lips gently brushing hers.

Helen's heartbeat stopped at the first touch of his lips against hers, her eyes wide with shock as she watched him lift his head and look down at her, gauging her reaction.

It took her several seconds to get her brain to function again. When she was able to speak, she asked, "What was that for?"

"I wanted to kiss you."

The look in his eyes was dark and intense and she wished she could understand what that meant. "Why?"

Dimitri sighed and rolled his eyes. "Because you're gorgeous, and..." his answer was stopped as his cell phone interrupted them. Looking at the caller id, he swore under his breath and flipped open the phone. "Dave, this had better be good," he said warningly.

Dimitri listened for a long moment but wouldn't release Helen's hands from his own. He nodded several times, then flipped it closed without a word. "We have to work. Sorry about this," he said. "We'll continue this conversation later."

"I'll help," she said and followed him along the decking to the office built up with every conceivable electronic devise. Helen worked through several conference calls, taking notes, then typing them up and assigning action items to Dimitri's various department heads. As she sat taking notes on the next conference call, she felt Dimitri's hands against her shoulders, stiffening as he started rubbing the tense muscles. Not by word or tone did Dimitri reveal that he was doing so much more than working through the meeting. Helen, on the other hand, missed several possibly pertinent issues when his hands kneaded her tense muscles.

Leaning down, he whispered in her ear so the people on the conference call couldn't hear, "Relax, Helen. I'm not going to bite," he explained.

But Helen couldn't relax. She was almost shivering with awareness of this man and his hands that trailed down her back as he paced the relatively large conference room behind her, or when he stopped and took the pins out of her hair, letting the brown curls fall down her back, then massaging the scalp himself. Once the meeting was over, he put a hand on either side of the conference table beside her, leaning over and reading the last paragraph she'd transcribed. "Send that out to the other members of the meeting, they'll want to emphasize that in the marketing strategy," he said, pointing to several areas of the text but Helen could barely breathe as she felt herself wrapped in his arms.

"Okay, break time," he said after they'd been working for perhaps three hours. "Go put on something glamorous and meet me in the dining room," he said. "Do you want me to show you to your cabin?" he asked. "The ship is pretty large. You could get lost," he said.

Helen noticed the wicked gleam in his eye and shook her head, not understanding any of this. "No," she replied, almost breathless and eager to escape his sensuous touch that was turning her mind to mush. "I'll find it," she said.

"Are you sure?" he asked, stepping behind her and taking her hands in his. "In fact, I'll follow you, just to help you pick out something appropriate for the night."

Helen bit her lower lip, then regretted the action as he turned to face her, his thumb reaching up to caress her lip. "Don't do that," he said. "Your mouth is beautiful. Don't abuse it." His finger was hot and heavy as he tenderly applied a slight pressure to her full, bottom lip.

Helen could barely breathe by the time he opened her stateroom door and walked in. He walked immediately to her closet and pulled out a stunning evening gown of red velvet. "Here, this will work," he said and laid it on the bed. "And wear these," he said, pulling out a pair of strappy sandals that looked incongruous in his large, masculine hands.

"I'll see you in about an hour? Will that give you enough time to get ready?" he asked gently, taking her hand and lifting it to his mouth to gently kiss the knuckles.

"Yes, of course," she said, trying to understand his intent.

When he left, she almost fell onto the bed, her knees giving out on her. She stared up at the ceiling and wondered what was going through his mind. Was he after just a simple fling? And if so, would she care? The man had been the center of her fantasy world ever since she started working for him. Could she deal emotionally with a casual affair, then continue to work for him?

The simple answer was no. The man was too sexy and wonderful to just love and then walk away from. But would she be able to say no?

What was she thinking anyway? Helen felt foolish as she considered this issue. The man was just more relaxed than normal out here in the sea air. She was completely misunderstanding his intentions and making more of his actions than she should. Laughing to herself, she walked to the en suite bathroom and turned on the showers, amazed that there were four different shower heads. Luxuriating in the warm water, Helen allowed her fantasies to take flight, knowing that she'd never be able to act on them, but loving the dream which wove around Dimitri and herself.

She dried her hair and pulled it up into its normal chignon, then applied a little more makeup than usual, using more mascara, a darker lipstick and soft powder to tone everything more evenly. Pulling on the gorgeous red velvet dress, she was fascinated by the way it hugged her figure, enhancing her tiny waist and seeming to increase her bust line. Her breasts were almost too large for the dress, which hugged her rib cage and pushed her breasts up higher. She was just about to unzip the dress, afraid of the amount of decolletage showing when the knock sounded on the door. Since she was past the mentioned hour, Helen knew that it was Dimitri coming to collect her. Opening the door slightly, she peered around the side. Sure enough, Dimitri was standing there in a tuxedo, looking more stunning than any man had a right to do.

"I'm not quite ready," she said, hiding her body behind the door.

Dimitri's eyes showed his amusement. "Are you in the dress?" he asked.

Helen hesitated for only a moment before confirming, "Yes."

"Let me see you in it," he said and put a hand to the door, gently pushing his way inside.

When he simply stopped and stared down at her, Helen's hands moved up to cover the skin showing over the top of the dress. "I know, I look silly," she said, turning away and walking toward the closet. "I'll find something more appropriate."

"Define appropriate, Helen," he said, grabbing her wrist and pulling her back to face him. "I think you look perfect."

Helen blushed and shook her head. "No, this dress is indecent."

Dimitri groaned and laughed as he tucked her hand in his elbow. "The only thing indecent is not showing it off, and you as well, so come along and let's eat. I'm starving,"

Helen would have to agree, but it had nothing to do with food. She glanced surreptitiously up at Dimitri as they walked along the decking toward the dining room. He looked magnificent in a dinner jacket and white shirt, open at the collar. Goodness where did the man find the time to work out? And why, oh why was she so in love with him?

The rest of the group was already assembled and chatting over lovely appetizers when Helen and Dimitri joined them. The chef had outdone himself with dinner. Dimitri served her a cocktail that tasted like lemonade but, after her second one that slid down her throat too easily, she suspected that they were much more potent than they tasted. When he offered her a third, she laughed and shook her head. "I don't think it would be a good idea," she laughed.

"Ah, we're back to the definitions are we?" he asked with a mischievous look in his eyes. "Define 'good'," he replied, his eyes looking down into hers for a long, pregnant pause.

Thankfully, dinner being served relieved her of the need for answering and he took her hand, pulling her closer against his side as they walked in to dinner. Because of that contact, Helen was barely able to swallow the first course, her mind spinning with thoughts of how much her body wanted to feel him against her.

By the time the main course was placed in front of her, Helen was able to concentrate more completely on the food, and could even smile somewhat during the conversation. But looking across at Dimitri, she had to constantly sip wine in order to wet her throat.

"I think we need to dance off some of this food," Dimitri said after a delicious dessert of chocolate fondue with fresh fruit and cake was devoured.

Dimitri led the six of them to the dining room where soft music was already playing. Helen fiddled with her bracelet, wondering why she was here and wishing she could just slip down to her stateroom and hide. But Dimitri was having none of that. When the other two couples moved slowly onto the dance floor as if nothing were amiss, Dimitri stared at Helen. "Are you going to join me?"

"Shouldn't we sit this one out?" she suggested quietly so the others couldn't hear.

"No way am I going to miss an opportunity to hold you in that dress," he said, taking her hand and pulling her inexorably toward the dance floor. The lights were dim and the music slow and soft and Helen tried to keep her distance, but Dimitri wouldn't allow her to keep the several inches between their bodies that she needed. Slowly, he pulled her closer, moving her in and out of his arms and each time he pulled her closer so that eventually, they were touching from shoulder to hip.

"Why do you pull away all the time Helen?" he asked softly, saying it low in her ear so only she could hear.

"Because I don't understand what is going on," she said.

"Why is it so hard for you to accept that you are a beautiful woman?"

She wished she could believe him. But he was only being nice. She just didn't understand why he was being so nice to her. "Because I'm not."

He pulled her closer, his arm wrapping around her back so she was touching him from knee to chest. "You are. You're sexy and pretty and I can see the desire for me in your eyes. So why not give in to it?"

Helen gasped. "I'm sorry," she said. "I don't mean to make you uncomfortable," she said, looking straight ahead which mean she was staring at the buttons on his dinner shirt.

"Make me uncomfortable," he said, rolling the phrase around on his tongue. "I think that is a completely accurate phrase but I don't think you understand how uncomfortable. Or why."

Helen ripped out of his embrace and pulled away. "I'm sorry," she said, her head looking down instead of into his eyes. "I should never have done this or accepted this position, knowing..." she stammered out an apology and then rushed out of the room, leaving Dimitri to stare in her wake.

Helen rushed to her room and closed the door, tearing off the ridiculous dress and hiding it in the back of the closet. She pulled on a robe and slipped into the large, fluffy bed then pulled the covers over her head, burying her head in the pillows and wallowing in the tears and self pity that flowed so easily down her cheeks into the soft linen of the bed sheets.

Over her sobbing, she heard the knock on the door and froze. Was it Dimitri? Who else would it be, she wondered and knew it was the one and only. She didn't answer the door, preferring the coward's way out and eventually, she heard the footsteps recede down the hallway.

Helen didn't sleep until the early hours of the morning and even then her mind refused to release her fantasies despite her attempts to block them out of her consciousness. When she woke up, Helen found herself curled up in a ball and her eyes almost swollen shut from the amount of crying she had done throughout the night. She suspected that she'd even cried in her sleep, remembering the dreams she'd had and how traumatic she had felt throughout the night.

Chapter 6

The knocking on her door woke her completely and she pulled herself out of bed, tying the sash on her robe as she mindlessly opened the door.

"Dimitri!" she gasped, her hand instantly flying to her wild hair as she looked at the immaculately dressed man standing with his arms braced on either side of her door. "I'm sorry! I'm late for work, aren't I?" she gasped. "Just give me fifteen minutes and I'll be ready," she begged.

In response, Dimitri walked inside slightly and reached out one finger to touch her eyes. "You've been crying, haven't you?" he asked, but it was more of a statement than a question.

"I'm so sorry about last night. I know I'm being a nuisance but I guarantee that my feelings will not interfere with our working relationship," she promised.

Dimitri sighed and put his hands on her shoulders. "Helen, I think we need to have a long talk about what this position is about," he said. "Meet me up on deck. Take your time and I'll see you when you're ready."

Dimitri left her standing in the doorway, her eyes watching his strong, muscular back walk out to the main deck, wishing she could just erase the last twenty four hours of her life and start over.

As she showered, her eyes teared up again and she knew Dimitri was going to fire her. What else could he do? He could obviously see that she was emotionally involved with him. But how could she help herself, she wondered? The man was sex personified and he was nice and charming to boot! Who wouldn't fall for him? The man could give Clark Gable lessons on charm. Dimitri was genuinely the nicest man she had ever met in her life, despite his wish that no one see the kind side of his personality. Good grief, he didn't even need to pay her as much as he did. He was so generous, she had worked for her previous employer for half of what he paid her. And now he'd provided her with a complete wardrobe and what had she done? She'd made a cake of herself. A complete fool, letting her emotions run free and embarrassing both of them in the process.

She had no one to blame but herself since she'd allowed herself to drink so much last night. The cocktail and the wine, not to mention the brandy during the dessert was much more than she was used to drinking and she obviously couldn't handle it. She hadn't thought she was too far gone last night, but what other reason could she put towards what had happened?

Putting her hair in to a bun, she smoothed down the business suit she'd put on, preferring the shield of professionalism versus the ambiance of the wardrobe that left her vulnerable and terrified, unsure of herself.

She swung out of the door and immediately ran into a brick wall. "Ooomph!" she heard herself say, raising her hands and feeling the strong arms wrap around her, supporting her but still keeping her close.

He looked down at her black wool skirt and cream silk shirt with one eyebrow raised. "I see you've retreated instead of coming onto the attack," he said, amusement and something she thought was resignation in his voice.

Quickly moving out of his arms, she straightened her shirt, re-tucking the tails to appear unaffected by his touch. "I'm sorry, Mr. Theopolis. I didn't know you were out here."

Dimitri grimaced. "So we're back to my last name again, eh?" Sighing heavily, he took her hand and led her out of the hallway, down the decking to a pretty parlor she hadn't seen the previous day. "Okay, let's get this out into the open," he said, turning to face her. "What do you think my intentions are?" he asked.

Helen looked up into his handsome face and shook her head. "It was my fault last night. I let my imagination run away with me and I pushed my affections onto you," she said with painful honesty, unable to look at him and the hated blush heating her cheeks. "I stepped out of line, but if you'll just give me another chance, I'll make sure I don't consume more alcohol than I can deal with and will never let myself get so out of hand. I honestly can't imagine what happened but can guarantee that it won't happen again."

Dimitri looked at her, his hands on his hips and ground his teeth in frustration. The two of them were back to square one, with her denying everything she was feeling and, if he allowed it, she would revert back to painful professionalism. Damn if he was going to allow that. He'd made progress last night and he wasn't going to allow himself to fall back into the cold shower mode.

"What about what I feel? Perhaps you should consider what I want out of this situation."

Helen nodded her head gravely. "Yes. I've considered that. And if you wish me to resign, I will submit my resignation immediately."

"Resignation!? Like hell you will!" he almost yelled. Taking a deep breath to calm his temper and flaring desire that was still running through his system, he looked down into her soft, lovely features.

Moving closer, he shook his head. "Oh, no, Helen. We're not ignoring last night. In fact, here's what we're going to do," he said softly, moving forward to eliminate the distance between them. Each time she took a step backwards, he took one forwards, unrelenting as he forced her to realize that the desire between the two of them was mutual and unquenchable. "I'm going to kiss you and when we're finished, you're going to go downstairs and change into something more appropriate. When you come back up, we're going to have coffee and breakfast. We're not going to talk about work or contracts or anything that involves shipping or takeovers. We're going to talk about each other. You're going to tell me what makes you tick, then I'm going to do the same. We're going to slowly get to know each other. Once that is done, and we realize that neither one of us is repulsed by each other's past, I'm going to make love to you until our eyes can no longer see straight. We're going to make love over and over again until we've both satisfied the longing that has been tamped mercilessly down over the past few months. And then we'll move forward."

Helen listened to his pronouncement and her breathing started to increase, her heart rate sky rocketed and she could hear a ringing in her ears. "Oh," was all she could say and then almost berated herself for being so pathetically unprofound.

"Is that all you have to say?" he asked, towering over her, blocking out the light and glaring almost angrily into her blue eyes.

Helen moved her lips but no sound came out. He was so large, so big, so muscular and overwhelming that she could barely think. Her body was reacting to his words and she wanted desperately to sound non-chalant about the issue but she was completely out of her league.

"Yes, I think that's all I can say," she said, nodding her head for emphasis.

"Fine."

Without another word, he took her face between both of her hands and looked at her, not saying another word. Helen knew she should close her eyes but she watched, mesmerized as his head descended toward hers, his mouth moving slowly, painfully slowly. Helen took a deep breath, her hands balled into fists at her sides, waiting while his head moved down to her mouth.

When the contact finally occurred, Helen wasn't sure what she was thinking, if anything at all. It was as if a volcano had erupted and the lava was flowing through her veins was released into every part of her body. She could no longer think, only react as his lips moved gently against hers. When she didn't pull away, in fact, she moved closer to him, her lips trembling beneath his, she wished he would both pull away and deepen the kiss. It was painful and she took a little initiative, her hands reaching up to his neck, wrapping around his as her body arched against his hard, muscular one.

Dimitri heard her whimper as his tongue touched her lips, demanding entry as his mouth moved over hers, his hands dropping from her face to pull her body closer so there was no space between their knees and their heads and Dimitri pulled her closer, lifting her up to fit more perfectly with his strong form.

When Helen opened her mouth, she was introduced to more feelings as Dimitri's tongue explored every part of her mouth, moving in and out and Helen's mind spun around. She'd been kissed before but never had anything even come close to the feelings she was experiencing right now. Whimpering again, she arched her back, her hands sifting through his hair and pulling him closer as if there was nothing in the world that could help her continue with life but this man and the way he was making her feel right now.

He lifted his head and shook it, looking down into her passion glazed eyes. "That's more like it," he said, his voice husky with the desire ripping him apart. But he knew he'd have to bring it down a notch. He'd gotten his point across and he needed to slow down. A sixth sense told him he could pick her up and carry her back down to his state room, make love to her for the rest of the day, but it would be the wrong move and might backfire on him. He needed to be strategic about this if he wanted the ultimate goal.

"Now that that's out of the way, how about if you go back and change into something more comfortable? and I apologize for the cliche, but it is going to be hot today and we're going to sit outside by the pool and get to know each other so these business clothes will not work."

Helen heard his deep voice but the words wouldn't register. "Excuse me?" she asked, blinking and noting his satisfied expression. She lowered her head, feeling silly for letting a simple kiss affect her so much. Good grief, he probably kissed all his women like that. She stepped back, only to feel his hands pull her back against him. "No Helen, no retreat. That kiss proved what I've suspected for months and we're not going to back away from it."

"We're not?" she asked, feeling ridiculous but needing to hear his assurance.

"No. We're not. We're going to talk about it, examine it, do it again and again until you feel more comfortable with those feelings. Then we're going to do it some more. And then I'm going to carry you off and make love to you." He saw the panic enter her eyes and took a mental step back. "But not before you are ready. You'll know everything about me and I'll know everything about you and we'll proceed at your pace, Helen."

Helen gulped cautiously, her worried eyes looking up at him. She couldn't tell him everything. That would be emotional suicide and there was no way she was going to reveal her secret. Not to someone as perfectly masculine as he was.

"Okay," she said, looking at the buttons on his shirt. "Why?" she asked.

Dimitri smiled. "Because I want you. And you want me."

She tried to act like this was normal for her but couldn't. "Why do we have to know everything about each other? Do you know everything about Cecile?" she asked, hating to bring up the latest woman he'd escorted about town. "And Barbara as well?"

"No to both."

"But you took Barbara to bed."

"No. I didn't. Nor was there any intention or desire to do so."

That surprised her. "Why not?"

Dimitri pulled her against his body, her stomach noting the erection her mind had only hinted at. "Because she doesn't do this to me as instantly as you do," he said simply.

"Oh," she said breathlessly, definitely holding his gaze this time.

He released her and took a step backwards, unashamed of the excitement showing itself to her. "Go and change. Then meet me up on the top deck for coffee."

Helen could only nod her head and walked down the stairs, eager to reach her stateroom in some ways, but unwilling to leave Dimitri and the wonderful things he made her feel. She reached the doorway to the parlor and turned back, looking at the awesome male that was watching her as well. She looked into his eyes and noted the sincerity, the determination and it made her shiver in both fear and excitement.

Almost running now, she hurried to her stateroom and closed the door behind her. Leaning against it, she tried to steady her racing heart and heavy breathing but it was no good. She was just too excited.

Putting a hand to her chest, she reached up and looked at her reflection in the mirror. Her cheeks were pink and her eyes on fire. "Get hold of yourself, Helen. This is par for the course for him. Don't look like a fool just because all of your dreams have come true." Well, not all of them, she reminded herself. She wasn't married and about to have the man's children, delirious with happiness. But could she take the crumbs?

The expression on her face gave her the answer before her mind accepted it. Yes, she would do just about anything that man wanted her to do. She was madly in love with him, had been for months. And when it was all over, she would pick up the pieces and figure out how to deal with a life without him. She knew it would happen. Dimitri could not fall in love with a woman like her. It was impossible. But she could definitely love him until that lust died out of him.

Lust? Dimitri Theopolis lusted after her? She shook her head, still not sure she could accept what he'd just told her and showed her. She'd just never considered herself someone who could incite those kinds of feelings in a man.

Throwing open the closet doors, she fingered the bikinis that were hanging in the closet, having been returned to their places by an unnamed staff member. Could she do it? No, not yet. Maybe, in a few days, if these feelings persisted, she might be able to do it if she had the pool all to herself. But not yet. And definitely not in front of Dimitri.

Pulling out a pair of white shorts and a bright, pink tank top, she pulled them on, loving the way the white material hugged her bottom, making the curves look sexy instead of just skinny which she'd always considered was the way she appeared to others. The tank top was smaller than anything she'd ever worn before, hugging her breasts and ribs, making her look like something out of a fashion magazine. Smiling at her reflection, she had no idea that clothes could make such a difference.

Slipping on a pair of white sandals, she hurried out of the state room, eager to see Dimitri again and see what his reaction to her new image would be. Would he like it? Would he see the same things she did? She certainly hoped so. She felt pretty, feminine. Those were feelings she hadn't felt in years.

She saw him sitting with the other four people as soon as she rounded the corner to the top deck. Her feet slowed as soon as she saw Marie and Aimee who looked incredibly stunning. Marie was wearing a bikini smaller than the two Dimitri had taken out yesterday, showing off all of her perfect curves to perfection. Aimee was wearing a lovely sundress with no straps, held up by her buxom figure that skimmed down to her slender, long legs. Next to them, Helen felt gauche and outclassed. She almost fell back, but Dimitri caught the look in her eyes and stood up, coming around the table to walk toward her.

Biting her lip in indecision, she waited for him to arrive. When he was less than a few inches away, he took her hands in his and pulled her close, settling a gentle kiss on her soft lips. "You look fabulous, Helen. Don't doubt yourself. You can compete with them any day."

Helen smiled tentatively and looked up, about to say something when his mouth covered hers for another long, mind-twirling kiss that left her dazed and breathless, as well as all the pins out of her hair with his hand tangled in the long, curling strands.

Both Kevin and Martin stood up as she approached, her hand securely tucked into Dimitri's elbow. He reached down and held a chair for her and she sunk gratefully into it, not sure her legs would hold her for much longer. Looking up, she saw Kevin's admiring glance as well as Marie's angry one as the older woman glared across the table at Helen.

That confused Helen. Could Marie actually consider her competition? That thought was so absurd, she pushed it away and started wondering what she'd done to offend the pretty brunette and took pains to smile and talk to her, trying to find out why she was so angry. It took several minutes but eventually, Marie relaxed again, smiling tentatively and sipping her coffee.

Helen looked down and realized that a cup of coffee was being placed in front of her, mostly cream from the looks of it. She turned to smile up at the waiter, only to be stunned when Dimitri looked down into her eyes, winking conspiratorially at her.

She sipped the coffee gratefully and was amazed to find that there was adequate sugar in it.

"Just the way you like it?" he asked, amusement lurking in his eyes. "Cream and sugar with a little coffee," he said and the rest of the table laughed.

"Yes, it's perfect," she smiled, secretly thrilled that he knew exactly how she liked her coffee.

The morning was wonderful. The other five members had obviously known each other for years and had many inside jokes, all of which were explained to Helen so she could join in the laughter as well. When lunch was served, they were still sitting at the breakfast table joking about past antics. By mutual, unspoken agreement, everyone delayed lunch and moved to the pool side, couples taking up books and reclining on the various chaise lounges.

Helen was about to sit under an umbrella in the shade when she felt Dimitri's arm come around her waist. "Not there," he said and led her over to a lounge chair large enough for two people. He pulled her down and handed her a large, floppy hat. "There's more privacy over here and I want to talk to you, find out all your secrets."

He pulled her down next to him, far enough away so the other couples would not be able to hear them. The others also were separated from the group, apparently all of them wanting a little space for some afternoon romance or quiet time.

"So what makes Helen tick?" he asked, pulling her hand into his, lacing her fingers with his, his thumb tenderly touching the palm of her hand.

Helen gasped and tried to pull away but he wouldn't allow that. She gasped when his mouth came down on the sensitive inside of her wrist. "If you want to talk to me, you're going to have to stop doing that. I can't think."

His smile was slow and mischievous. "Really?" he chuckled. "I'll have to remember that."

He sat and asked her about her school, her parents, her political beliefs and they argued about several points, Helen laughing when he tried to challenge her on several issues. "I can't argue with you, Dimitri. You're too well informed."

"Then you should just accept my opinion and let's be done with it," he said logically but he wasn't serious.

"You would never respect me in the morning," she quipped, glad that she was able to keep up with his quick intelligence.

"True, but at least our vote won't cancel each other out."

"You vote in Greek elections. I vote in British. There's no chance of them canceling each other out."

His only response to that was, "Things change."

They talked about growing up in the different cultures, Helen being an only child while Dimitri was the oldest of five, all the younger ones girls, each of which were married with at least one child.

Helen had trouble swallowing when he talked about his nieces and nephews. He obviously loved all the times he spent with the younger children, talking about each of their births and their personalities, even the smaller one who is barely one year old now.

"They sound lovely," she eventually said although her throat constricted around the words, barely able to utter them.

"What are your parents like?" he asked.

This was a much safer subject and Helen was able to relax slightly. She thought about her family and how much she missed them. "Well, my father passed away several years ago, but you already know that." He nodded, having heard all about how her mother was alone. It was one of the reasons he had stepped in to find the senior citizens home for Helen's mother, relieving Helen's mind of the worry about her mother living alone.

"What is your mother like? Is she as pretty as you are?"

"Oh, no," Helen waved. "My mother is stunning, even at sixty five, she turns heads."

"She was pretty old when she had you. Why did she wait so long?"

Helen swallowed painfully. "They found each other and married late in life," she said, as if that explained everything. It didn't and there was so much more to the story, but she didn't want to tell him, feeling feminine and wonderful for the first time in a long time. Those feelings would disappear if he knew everything and he'd pull back, horrified at the real story.

Dinner again was amazing, compounded by the fact that Dimitri was either holding her hand or touching her in some way during almost the whole meal. It was more relaxed tonight, the six of them ate out under the stars instead of in the formal dining room. While the others laughed and joked, Dimitri held her hand under the table, his fingers stroking hers and sending shivers along every nerve ending. When the meal was over, Dimitri excused himself as well as Helen, saying they had a bet to settle. The others only smiled politely but Helen was grateful for the cover of darkness as he led her into yet another room on the ship. This one looked like a music room, complete with a baby grand piano and a stereo system that would put a radio station to shame. He turned on soft music and watched her, noting the way her body immediately started swaying with the beat of the music.

"What bet do we have to settle?" she asked, leaning against the wall as he fiddled with some dials and levers. "I don't remember betting you anything, nor do I think I'd ever be so stupid."

He laughed and looked over at her, one eyebrow raised. "What do you mean?" he asked as he walked to where she was standing. He took her hands in both of his and pulled her along with him as he walked backwards to the dance floor. Soft lights moved slowly about the walls and ceilings, adding yet another layer of romance to the whole night.

"I mean," she said, already sensing her mind starting to muddle, "that from what I've seen, you don't gamble. You might use the words 'bet' or something similar, but everything you do is perfectly calculated so the odds are unfairly on your side."

He thought about that for a moment as he pulled her closer, settling her hands on his shoulders. "So you don't think I take risks?"

She shook her head, inhaling unsteadily. "No. You're too smart for that."

Dimitri laughed. "You look very beautiful in that dress, Helen," he said. "What made you pick this one over the pink one?"

Helen licked her lips and considered lying to him, but she decided against it. "Because one time, about three months ago, you mentioned how much you like me wearing blue. So I chose the blue one tonight."

His eyes gave her the reaction she had been hoping for and his hand cradled her shoulder gently but firmly. "Good answer," he said. "And it suits you perfectly."

"Thank you." She could barely breathe, her eyes looking at his lips and willing him to kiss her again.

"I'm going to kiss you again," Dimitri warned her as he swayed gently to the jazz music.

Helen sighed happily. "I know."

"I might do more than that," he said, his hand smoothing up her spine.

Helen looked up and into his eyes, her smile still in place as she laughed at his warning. "You don't give a girl much notice, do you?" she laughed.

Dimitri growled and bent his head to take her lips in his gently. He kissed her softly at first, but then the passion blew out of control. She held onto his shoulders with both hands, her body edging closer to his without her knowing what was happening.

Without warning, Dimitri bent down, not releasing her lips as he swung her legs up in the air, carrying her to the long sofa set against the wall. He sat down, placing her in his lap and then leaned over, his mouth devouring hers the whole time.

Helen held on with all her might, unsure of what to do but assuming that if it felt good to her, it would feel good doing it back to him. So each time he changed the kiss, she mimicked his movements. She heard noises in the back ground, but wasn't sure what it was, unknowing that it was herself, her voice purring like a kitten as Dimitri's mouth moved down her neck and his hands explored her hips, back and thighs.

He kissed her for what seemed like hours. By the time he pulled away, she knew her lips would be swollen and raw by the morning. Already they felt bruised and sore. But she didn't care about any of that. She wanted more.

"We have to stop this, Helen. I don't think I can stop if we continue," he said.

"I don't understand. Am I hurting you?" she asked, instantly pulling back in an effort to put a few inches between their bodies.

Dimitri was having none of that but when he saw the confused look on her face, he reached down and took her hand, guiding it to where his erection stood hard and proud. "You do this to me," he explained.

She shivered but was too curious. Her fingers felt the boldness and tentatively moved around, exploring. When she saw his shiver and his eyes close, she pulled her hand away. This was all too new, too devastating to her senses. She didn't know how to control it or him. Much less herself, she thought. She wasn't sure which was more dangerous or disastrous to her peace of mind. Both, probably. "Yes. Perhaps you're right. I think I should go to bed," she said primly and stood up. Deciding caution was the better side of valor, she smoothed her skirt down over her legs, adjusting her top to cover all of the essentials, shocked and secretly thrilled that he'd moved so many of her clothes. She was startled that she wasn't horrified. For the first time in her life, a man had touched her body and she didn't feel ashamed.

He watched as she straightened her clothes and almost told her about the lack of lipstick and her hair that was obviously ruffled by his hands. There was nothing she could do to hide what they had been doing. She looked like she'd been properly made love to. He just wished it was truly the case.

Sighing and resigning himself to another frustrating night without her in his bed, his arms wrapped around her delectable body, with just a simple kiss, he pulled back, his body unable to take any more stimulation without release. "Right," he said, pushing his hands through his hair. "I'll walk you to your door," he said and closed the space she'd so carefully put between them, pulling her against his side as he walked.

At her door, she turned to say good night, only to find herself caught up in the explosiveness of his kiss as his lips covered hers, instantly as passionate as they had been down on the dance floor but more devastating since they were so close to a bed and to culmination of their desire. Helen didn't want to say goodnight. She wanted him to come in to her room and show her what she was missing, what she'd missed all her life, but she didn't know how to tell him that. Words failed her since she could barely take in a breath when he was touching her. And when he pulled away, running a calloused finger down her cheek in a very sweet, tender caress, she had to bite her lip to stop him from walking away.

"Guess what?" he said when he was halfway down the hallway.

"What?" she asked, still standing where he'd left her.

"We're going snorkeling tomorrow," he explained.

Her eyes perked up and she pulled away from the doorway. "Really?" she asked, her face showing her excitement, only a small portion of it coming from the idea of seeing the fish under water.

He chuckled at her expression. "Really. And want to know what's' even better?"

"What?"

"You'll have to wear one of those bathing suits," he said and waited. He wasn't disappointed. It took her about three seconds for his words to register. He could only laugh at her shocked expression a moment before disappearing into his own stateroom.

Chapter 7

With his words and laughter echoing in her ears she walked into her own suite and almost fell into her bed, her mind whirling at everything she'd felt and heard from Dimitri today. Could it really be true? Was Dimitri Theopolis, playboy billionaire and one of the most charming, amazing men that God had put on this earth really interested in Helen Miller? His kiss and his hands caressing her body would indicate he really was attracted to her. That was too shocking for someone as desperately in love with a man she'd dreamed about for so long, she thought she might still be in a perpetual state of sleep. Should she pinch herself to find out if this could really be reality? If she was dreaming, did she want to wake up?

Flopping down onto her bed, her eyes stared up at the ceiling and she smiled, her fingers gently touching her lips where he had ravished them. He certainly was a passionate man, she thought and smiled, noting the tenderness on her lips with a shiver of desire. She wished she'd had the nerve to tell him what she'd wanted but even now, she wasn't exactly sure what that was. She wanted him, definitely. She wanted him to show her how to make love and what to do, what excited him more and less.

She wanted to see his body and discover what the towel had hidden him from her curious eyes yesterday. She'd seen naked men before both in the movies and in real life, having taken an art class where she'd been required to draw the human form. At the time, she'd studied the man curiously, but she remembered not feeling a moment of embarrassment or even curiosity in drawing him so many years ago. That was definitely not the case with Dimitri. She wanted to touch and explore every inch of him, find out what he tasted like and felt like. Her mind whirled at the possibilities.

Sighing, she shook her head and tried to rid it of thoughts that would only keep her awake tonight. And she suspected that she would definitely need sleep tonight. If she was going snorkeling with Dimitri and the rest of the group, she would be hard pressed to keep up with them. They all looked fit and tanned whereas she spent most of her days sitting in front of a computer, only going to the gym after work three or four days a week for cardiovascular exercise.

Snorkeling, eh? Pulling herself upright on the luxurious bed, she thought about what she might need to wear and his last comment struck her. A bikini? Around him? The idea definitely had appeal but she knew it would be difficult for her to fight against her natural shyness. She wasn't one to walk around in skimpy clothes but what was the alternative? She was in the middle of the ocean and had no idea how to obtain another bathing suit other than the ones hanging in that closet. She didn't think Marie or Amie would have anything less revealing, knowing that both women were very proud of their figures and showed them off at every opportunity.

She looked into the closet and considered her choices, pulling out the least revealing one and setting it aside. This one was yellow with small charms underneath the bikini top and on the top edge of the bottom. It was still tiny compared to what she was used to but at least she thought this one would cover more of the requisite parts than the two he'd shown her yesterday morning.

Preparing for bed, her eyes were drawn constantly to the bathing suit. Each time her eyes hit upon it, she became more excited, wondering if Dimitri would like the way she looked in it.

As she climbed into bed, she was exhausted, but couldn't sleep. She knew that her body was still caught up in the feelings Dimitri had stirred within her earlier. She rolled over onto her stomach, willing the ache to go away. But nothing worked. She considered getting up and finding the cinema room to watch a movie, but didn't want to bother anyone on the ship - most of which were probably asleep.

By dawn, she finally drifted off to sleep, restless and hungry, but not for food. Her body was hungry for Dimitri's touch and for the feelings she knew he would be able to stir in her body. She was desperate for him and wished she had the courage to walk down the hallway and ask him for what she was craving.

She woke up angry for some reason. Showering and dressing, she stomped up the stairs to the breakfast room, a scowl on her face. Already, the other four members of the party were gathered, sipping their coffee and chatting. Helen said good morning, then walked over to the buffet. Piling the food onto her plate, she surveyed the fresh fruit, eggs, sausage and biscuits without interest, then piled more food onto her plate for some reason.

Turning to sit down at the table with the others, her breath caught in her throat as she watched Dimitri walk toward her, his steps determined and the look in his eyes showed her that she was already in trouble, but for what, she had no idea. Dimitri paused only long enough to take her plate of food out of her hand and put it on a nearby table before lifting her into his arms and carrying her out of the breakfast room. Helen heard the chuckles behind her, but was so transfixed by Dimitri's intent she couldn't react.

He walked only far enough so they were out of sight of the others, then he leaned her against the wall and ravished her mouth, his hands underneath her bottom holding her steady. Helen couldn't help herself, she was caught up in the mindless passion once again, her legs wrapping around his waist and her arms around his neck as she kissed him back with everything she had in her, everything she was feeling and had dreamed during the previous restless night. Her tongue was just as hungry, her mouth just as ravenous and she didn't allow him any quarter, giving as good as he did, both of them taking it all.

When he finally lifted his head, he was smiling at her. "Good morning," he said, his voice husky and his eyes showing her the passion that was obviously not satisfied.

"Good morning," she breathed, her face flushed and her hands still roving over his broad shoulders and down his arms, tracing the muscles that were so well defined. She wasn't sure why, but she didn't have the ability to stop touching him.

He let her legs drop to the floor but he wouldn't allow any space between their bodies. In fact, his hips pinned hers against the wall behind her. "Did you sleep well?" he asked, his voice deep and husky and his eyes roving over her features.

She shook her head. "No. I didn't and I think it's all your fault!"

He chuckled and she could feel the vibrations in his chest where her hands were laying. "Why do you say that?"

"Because I was thinking about you and what..." she cleared her throat and looked at his neck, unable to hold his gaze as she continued, "what you and I did last night before you walked away."

He sighed as he pulled her hips more firmly against his erection, showing her how much she affected him. "Good. Neither did I," he replied, then bent down to nibble on her lower lip. "Are you wearing your bathing suit?" he asked.

Helen could only laugh at his preoccupation with her wearing one of those bikinis. "No." She was thrilled that he wanted to see her in it so much. It gave her confidence like nothing else could.

"But you will, won't you?" he asked, telling her, more than asking as he moved to her other ear lobe, nibbling there and making her shiver in excitement.

"Maybe," she laughed harder.

"Witch," he growled before stepping back and grabbing her hand. He led her back into the breakfast salon to the applause of the other four people. Kevin and Martin whistled and Dimitri didn't even blush although Helen hid behind his massive shoulders, completely embarrassed.

Dimitri only bowed mockingly before picking up her plate, raising one eyebrow as he looked down at the massive amount of food piled onto it.

"It won't work," he said and handed the plate to her, pulling out a chair and waiting until she was settled before bending over and kissing her bare shoulder.

"What?" she asked, not even interested in the food now that he was here. Looking at him, she completely lost her appetite. For food at least.

He winked at her as he glanced down at her plate, referring to the pile of food that was stacked there, now being ignored. "The food. It won't quench the need. Only I can fix that for you."

Chapter 8

Helen bit her lower lip as she contemplated her figure in the skimpy bikini. She couldn't do it, she told herself. Reaching behind her back, she was just about to untie the strings when a knock sounded on the door. "Just a moment," she called out. Grabbing her shirt and shorts, she quickly pulled them over her bathing suit and hurried to the door.

"Ready?" Dimitri asked, looking down into her worried expression. "What's wrong?" he instantly asked, pushing his way into the room and looking around. "Is someone bothering you?" His hands were on her hips and Helen was flattered that he was instantly protecting her from some unknown villain. Wouldn't it amuse him to know that the villain was a few scraps of material?

She quickly shook her head and placed a calming hand on his chest to reassure him. "No, it isn't anything like that," Helen replied, stepping back to give him more room, feeling cornered and short of breath with his presence.

He obviously wasn't convinced and looked like he was about to start searching the room. "Then why are you upset?" he asked.

"I'm not upset," she replied, looking down at the cream carpeting. At his disbelieving look, she relented. She had no idea how the man could gauge her reactions so accurately. "Well, I guess I'm a little concerned," she clarified. "It's just that, well, this bathing suit is a little more revealing than I'm used to," she admitted.

"Ah," he replied. Dimitri smothered a smile and reached out to pull her closer, keeping his mind off of what she was going to look like when she took off those shorts. "Don't worry about it. I guarantee that others will be much more revealing. You'll feel completely conservative," he said.

His hands rubbed her back absently and he sighed deeply. "We need to get moving and we definitely have to get out of this room. Especially now that I know what you're wearing underneath those clothes. I've been dreaming about the moment I get to see you in nothing but that bathing suit." He looked a little smug before he said, "Actually, I've been thinking about what you look like in nothing at all but I'll take anything I can." Taking her hand, he pulled her behind him, guiding her out to the launch that was waiting to take them to shore.

She suddenly remembered the bag she had been packing with all of her beach paraphernalia. When he'd walked into her room, she'd forgotten everything but his presence. "I don't have a towel or anything else," she said, pulling back slightly.

"No need, everything has been taken care of," he said, patting a large bag that was filled with sunscreen, towels and a large hat. "I even thought of a pair of sunglasses for you," he said, pulling out a pair and placing them firmly on her nose. "There, anything else you might need?" he asked.

There were several things that popped into her mind at that moment, but of course, she didn't have the courage to ask for them. Dimitri looked so confident, she wished she could absorb some of his courage.

Everyone else was already in the launch, couples sitting close to each other and Helen felt like the odd one out for some reason. She hurried onto the launch, allowing Dimitri to enter before her and was thrilled when he reached up to the decking and effortlessly picked her up, holding her firmly around the waist and placing her onto the floor of the launch. He then led her over to the other two available seats, pulling her just as closely to him as the others were sitting.

The six of them started off in the launch, Dimitri at the controls as he maneuvered the boat along the water toward an unknown destination.

Dimitri directed the boat to a secluded spot that Helen hadn't even realized was there until he turned the corner. It was protected by a reef that Dimitri maneuvered around carefully, then anchored in the middle of the small cove.

Everyone immediately pulled on their snorkeling gear, then dove into the crystal blue waters, all four of them laughing and teasing one another. All except Dimitri and Helen, leaving them alone while Dimitri explained how to work the flippers and snorkel. "Okay, lesson's over," he said, pulling his shirt over his head. "Let's get into the water."

Helen's mouth was painfully dry as she watched him strip down to just his bathing suit. The man was built, she remembered from two nights ago when she'd seen him in just a towel. She'd also felt those muscles last night as her fingers ran over them, caressing them. Goodness, even after all that she'd forgotten how amazing he was. Maybe she just wasn't sure her mind was remembering things correctly. In her mind's eye, she chided herself on thinking a mere man could be that incredibly, perfectly put together. But here he was, confirming that her imagination hadn't exaggerated.

"Okay, get ready," he encouraged and turned to pull the gear together from a storage container on the motor boat.

Helen just stood there, worrying her lower lip with her teeth. She didn't have the courage to take off her clothes.

Dimitri turned around, two pairs of flippers in his hand and simply looked down at her. "What's wrong?" he asked.

Helen had no idea how to tell him but as she looked over at him, he seemed to understand. He smiled gently and placed the flippers and mask on one of the motor boat's chairs.

He walked over to stand only inches from her and bent down. Taking the edge of her top, he slowly pulled up. "Don't worry, Helen. I can guarantee that you...' he stopped when he had pulled the fabric over her head and dropped it behind him. His eyes were transfixed on her breasts, traveling down across her flat stomach. When his eyes reached the fabric of her shorts, he reached out and unsnapped them. Helen was too mesmerized by his gaze to do anything other than let him take off her shorts.

"I was going to say that I can guarantee there's nothing you have that I haven't seen. You know, in a doctorly kind of manner. But the truth is," he said, his eyes hot and passionate as he looked down at her body, "you're more beautiful than I'd even imagined."

Helen felt a glow start to warm her so she was hotter than what the sun could possibly heat her.

As his hands moved onto her waist, she allowed him to unzip the shorts, baring her long, slender legs. She was standing in front of him in just the skimpy bikini he'd taken out yesterday, although it was the less revealing of the two. She still felt completely vulnerable.

Dimitri cleared his throat and the next thing Helen knew, he was handing her flippers, a mask and a snorkel with business-like efficiency. "We'll dive here. Just follow me and you'll be okay."

Helen was confused that he wasn't still looking at her. For a long moment, she thought he'd considered her pretty, feminine and attractive. But now, when he just turned away from her, she wasn't sure anymore. As soon as the thoughts formed, she pushed them away. He wanted her. He'd just said she was beautiful and she needed to stop questioning her value in his eyes. She was worth more than this kind of insecurity.

Sighing heavily, Helen took the offered gear and put them on as he instructed her although she felt rather gauche and awkward. Flippers and snorkel, she realized, were not the sexiest gear around.

As soon as they entered the water, all thoughts of her figure and his perception of her fled her mind. The under water world was glorious and mysterious. She loved the fish that darted in and out of the reef, nibbling at the plants and the colorful coral that swayed with the flow of the water. It was rhythmic and magical and possibly one of the most amazing experiences of her life. And the fact that she was sharing it with Dimitri only made it so much better for her.

They swam for hours, Dimitri showing her all the different fish that were swimming around the reef as well as a couple of sea turtles who quickly swam out of sight when they saw the two of them under the water.

After several hours, the six of them gathered on the soft sandy shore and had a delicious picnic lunch. All of them spoke about the various fish and underwater life they'd seen, and all laughed at the antics of those fish and each other. It was a wonderful, relaxing afternoon, filled with camaraderie and wonder.

Once everyone else wandered off to be alone, Dimitri took Helen's hand and pulled her along the shore line, leaving the others behind as they relaxed in the sunshine or waded in the shores of the water hand in hand.

"Where are we going?" Helen asked, loving the way his callused hands felt against her softer skin. She wondered about those calluses, since she knew he spent just as much time behind a desk or in a board room as she did. Even more so, since he worked longer hours than she ever did. There had been many nights he'd told her to go home while he continued with whatever report or document he'd been reviewing.

Dimitri didn't bother to respond to her question but his eyes looked mysteriously down at her own. "Trust me?" he asked.

Helen laughed and contemplated her situation. "Let me see. I'm out here in an isolated cove with a man who probably wants to ravish me, I have no idea if there are other inhabitants of this island or, if there are, if they are close enough to help if I called out. So do you think I should trust you?"

"Yes," he said, but his eyes contradicted that assertion. She could see the mischief he was planning in his eyes but this time, it didn't scare her. Now she wanted more and she was his willing pupil.

Helen laughed, her stomach hurting from the amount of laughter she'd experienced already today. "You're horrible," she said.

He pulled her closer as she laughed. "You're right, I am. And just to clarify, I definitely do want to ravish you. Have no doubts about that."

Helen swallowed hard but she didn't pull away. He put a hand behind her back and led her slightly inside the jungle line where the vegetation started to grow but still wasn't too thick.

As soon as they were out of sight from the others, he turned her around and captured her lips with his, pulling her into his arms and kissing her with a passion she had never known before. Helen was unable to pull away, the flames of his desire instantly burning into an overwhelming fire that took over her being, transforming her fear into need.

Over and over again, his mouth slanted across hers, covering her lips, tasting, intruding, coaxing her to kiss him back. And once the shock of that initial touch left her, she was more than willing to kiss him back. After her mind stopped being surprised, her body arched into his, her arms reaching up to go around his neck and her heels rising up so she was standing on her tip toes in order to get closer to him.

Her mind spun slightly when he lifted her higher, his hands lifting her and holding her against him while he spun around, leaning her gently against the trunk of a tree, giving him greater access to her while his hands positioned her legs so they were wrapped around his waist. Helen didn't need to be asked twice. Moaning and almost sobbing in her need to get closer to him, she gladly held onto him with both her arms and legs, her body shivering as his erection pushed into her softness through the fabric of their bathing suits.

Helen gasped when she felt his hand against her breast, his thumb sneaking inside to flick against the hard nipple. Her nails were digging into his shoulders and her head lolled back so it was leaning against the tree behind her. "Dimitri!" she cried out. When she felt his mouth against her breast, she jumped and wasn't sure if she was pulling him closer or pushing him away. Probably both.

"I can't take it," she gasped when his mouth suckled against her.

He pulled away, leaning his forehead against hers. "I know. I don't think I can take much more either."

Helen's breathing was hard and she noticed that his chest was rising and falling rapidly as well. "So what do we do?" she asked.

"We go snorkeling again. And we stop touching each other until we get back to the ship," he growled but he didn't move. His hands were still on her waist although he'd lowered her so her feet were back on the ground.

She looked up at him with hunger burning in her eyes. "What happens when we get back to the ship?" She thought she knew the answer, hoped she knew it. But wanted him to confirm it.

His hands convulsed around her waist but he was still gentle. "We continue this in my room, with privacy and a bed." He looked at her, his eyes daring her to argue but she simply smiled and nodded her head. "Yes," was all she could say, her tongue thick and dry.

He continued to watch her. "You understand what that means, don't you Helen?"

"Yes. I hope I do."

"Tell me."

"We make love."

He groaned and pulled her against him. "Yes. Exactly."

Her breasts were tender against his hard chest but she didn't want the feeling to end. But she sensed he was hanging on by a thread of control already and didn't want to push him beyond what he was capable of enduring. "Let's go back into the water."

"Yes. Good idea," he replied and took her hand in his but he didn't move for a long moment. "Give me a moment to get my body under control," he explained when she raised questioning eyes to him, asking without words why they weren't walking towards the shoreline.

The six of them all seemed to have come to the same idea of going back into the water for one last trip with the fish. They spent only an hour in the underwater world before climbing back into the boat launch and heading back to the yacht.

Helen's heart was beating wildly the whole trip back. The four others were arguing about politics but Helen couldn't even hear what they were saying. All she could think about was the man sitting beside her, his hand rubbing against her bare shoulder, tingles of awareness and anticipation rippling through her body.

The other two couples disappeared quickly and Dimitri took her hand as they slowly walked down the hallway towards his room. Outside, he stopped and turned her so she was facing him.

"Are you sure about this? I don't want to pressure you into something too soon. I don't want you to regret anything we share together."

She looked up at him and her heart swelled with the love she was feeling for him. She kept the words deep inside, knowing that he wouldn't want to hear those feelings. This wasn't about love. It was about attraction. She understood that. She also knew it could be nothing more than that. At least on his part.

"Yes. I'm sure," she replied.

He tangled his fingers with hers and smiled, his eyes lighting with the fire she'd seen earlier that day. It sent a tremor down her body but she wasn't afraid.

"Good." Without another word, he led her down the hallway to his room, pulling her inside and then closing the door with his foot. As soon as the door was closed, he pulled her into his arms. Helen didn't hesitate. She was so hungry for him she immediately wrapped her arms around his, her body aching for his touch and exploration.

She groaned when she felt his hand on her breast, gasping at the heated touch. She felt his fingers against her neck but didn't realize that he was untying the strings of her bathing suit. She didn't care either. She just wanted to feel more and to find out what came next. She trusted him completely, knowing he wouldn't hurt her.

Dimitri tossed the bathing suit top to the floor and pulled back slightly to look at her. Helen looked into his eyes, wondering if he would be disappointed but the fire claiming him only intensified and she felt proud for the first time of her breasts. "Please don't stop," she whispered, unable to raise her voice louder with all the emotions and feelings storming inside her.

His mouth moved from her lips to her ear lobe, his hand tangling in her hair to pull her head back and give him better access. She shivered when his mouth closed over a sensitive spot and his teeth nibbled. She couldn't hold back the sounds and her hands wanted to touch him everywhere but his free hand held hers behind her back.

"Please Dimitri, I'd like to touch you as well," she said, then gasped when his mouth moved to her other ear lobe.

"You can't," he groaned into her mouth before capturing her lips in another mind-searing kiss.

"Why?" she asked when he lifted his head and she found herself beside his bed, not sure how she got there.

"Because I've wanted you for so long, I don't think I'll make it to the end of this satisfactorily if you touch me."

So she couldn't argue with him, he covered her mouth again, distracting her while he pulled her bikini bottoms off, then tossed his own bathing suit to the side. When they were completely naked, he lifted her gently into his arms and laid her down against the bed covers, his eyes taking in her glory. "You're beautiful," he said, his voice husky.

Helen couldn't take his intense gaze for too long before her hands reached up and tried to cover herself.

"Don't do that," he said softly, holding her hands by her side. "Let me look at you. I've imagined you this way so many times I can't believe I finally have you here," he said, then slowly, ever so slowly, he lowered his head to her breast, his hot mouth covering the peak.

The heat that shot through her body lifted her back off the bed. And when he used his teeth, delicately scraping the sensitive flesh, her body curled up and around him, then stretched out to feel more, desperate for more.

"Dimitri!" she cried out. In response, his other hand covered her breast, his fingers teasing her nipple to painful pleasure before his mouth moved over to taste that one as well.

Helen's head moved back and forth against the bed, her eyes closed and her breathing ragged. She felt his hand against her waist, then dip lower and her body instinctively opened for him. She didn't shy away from his touch, his fingers gently moving against her thigh and she sighed happily when he moved closer to the core of her being, knowing that he could somehow put out the flames and give her some relief.

Her hands braced against his shoulders but when she felt his fingers slide into her hidden depths, her nails dug into his muscles and she arched against him. "Relax, Helen," he coaxed, his eyes never leaving her face as he watched her enjoyment, reading each moment to find out how to pleasure her more.

"Can't relax. What are you doing?" She wanted to pull his hands away and one of hers came down and wrapped around his wrist, but when his thumb flicked against the sensitive nubbin, she gasped and only held on more tightly. "You have to stop this. I can't take much more," she said, inhaling sharply when his fingers slowed. "Don't stop!" she almost screamed.

His fingers moved gently and soon, she was exploding into a thousand tiny pieces of electricity. She had no idea how long or what happened, but when she could breathe again, her body sagged against the bed, completely sated.

She felt him nuzzling her neck, his teeth nipping her shoulder but she didn't want to move. "That was wonderful," she said, her arms slowly moving up to his shoulders as she took a deep breath. "Thank you."

Dimitri chuckled deeply. "It isn't over yet," he said. His mouth covered hers once again and she turned to kiss him more completely. With that small movement, his body covered hers and the kiss deepened, he took control and pulled her against him. His mouth was relentless and he knew the exact moment her body reached the previous point of desire and he capitalized on that feeling, his mouth moving down her body to capture her nipple again.

Helen cried out and grabbed the sides of his head, not sure if she was trying to pull him away or hold him there, the pleasure too intense for any kind of judgment.

He moved over her, his leg pushing both of hers apart. He looked down into her face that was flushed with passion, her eyes opened when she felt the tension in his body and she looked up at him. "Helen, this is your first time, isn't it?" he asked, his voice strangled as if he were in great pain.

She wanted to lie. She wished she could tell him something sophisticated and witty at this moment. But he would know the truth as soon as he moved. Besides, she just couldn't lie to this man.

She could see the muscles straining on his shoulders and arms and the sweat on his brow. In response to his question, she reached up to his shoulders, wrapped her legs around his waist and nodded her head. Her lips stuck out slightly and her body braced for the pain that was sure to come. He reached down and put the condom on that had been next to them and Helen thought she should also tell him that the protection was unnecessary, but she didn't want to open herself up to that kind of questions, wanting to keep this experience as perfect as possible.

When she felt him against her body, she tensed but there wasn't any pain. It was smooth and gentle and she could feel his own body tensing but he eased into her slowly, gently, ever so carefully. When her body stretched, allowing his tender invasion, her eyes widened, amazed at how wonderful he felt. It was as if everything were complete. She wanted more of him and his slow entry started to frustrate her. She arched upwards, giving him silent permission to continue.

She felt a small pop before he buried himself into her fully and nothing could make this moment more precious to her. She closed her eyes against the love she was feeling for this man and a tear slipped out. When she felt his finger against her cheek, she opened her eyes to look at him, startled by the tender expression in his eyes. "Did I hurt you? I'm sorry Helen. I tried to go slowly, to make it painless but..."

She covered his mouth with her fingers and smiled at him. "It didn't hurt," she explained. Then her fingers moved from his mouth, to his shoulder, then down his arm, reveling in the strength of his body.

She felt his breath release and then his body move against her. The friction was unlike anything she'd ever thought possible and her eyes widened. When he moved again, her body arched against his, experimenting with the new feelings. As he slowly started to increase the pace, Helen stopped thinking and cried out as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body. Her legs clasped his waist harder and when she didn't think she could take anymore, she fell over the edge, her body splintering apart once again. She was unaware of anything, of the ship moving against the water, or even Dimitri moving inside her. All she could understand was the intense, blinding pleasure that she was experiencing.

It took several long minutes before she realized what was happening. She could feel her heartbeat slow but the rest of the world was slow to come back into focus. Eventually, she felt Dimitri's mouth against her shoulder, the rumpled sheets under her legs.

She smiled slowly and sighed happily.

Dimitri chuckled but didn't lift his head from her shoulder. "I'll take that to mean that you enjoyed the experience?"

Helen nodded and stretched.

Groaning, Dimitri rolled over so she was stretched out on top of him. "Doing that will only get you more of the same," he stated plainly, his hand smoothing along her skin from her back down to her bottom, resting there temptingly.

Helen inhaled sharply. "I thought men couldn't do it again so quickly." She closed her eyes and bit her lower lip as the feelings increased in intensity.

Dimitri laughed and pulled her against him, higher so he could reach her mouth. "I don't know about other men, but personally, I've been waiting for you for so long, I can't imagine a time when I didn't want to be inside you, stroking your beautiful skin and experiencing that kind of release."

Helen's eyes opened and she looked down at him warily. "It was okay then?" she asked.

He pulled her legs down so that she was straddling him. "It was more than okay, Helen. It was incredible," he explained. "And that was just a first shot. We'll get even better the more we practice."

Helen put her hands on his chest and looked down at him. "Practice?" she asked happily. "As in immediately?"

"As in, you're lovely skin is tempting me beyond my capacity to resist." His hands moved from her legs up her rib cage and covered her breasts. Helen's head fell backwards and her breathing increased. From that moment on, no other thoughts were necessary. Feelings counted, satisfaction was demanding and release was emphatic.

Chapter 8

Helen pulled up to her desk, eager to get to work. As her computer started up, she reflected about the past two months. Nothing could be more magical than the time she'd spent with Dimitri. She should probably think about getting an apartment but there was no reason. Dimitri had her firmly ensconced in his penthouse in Athens. No longer was she living out of the corporate apartment. In fact, she'd gone from the yacht to his apartment with no gap in between. They had been living together since they'd arrived in Athens and Helen couldn't think of anything she'd like better than to wake up every morning in that man's arms.

She loved just about everything about him, including the groggy way he woke up each morning with his arms around her, to the smile that immediately formed on his face when he realized that she was curled up next to him and the realization that they'd be spending the coming night exactly as they had the previous one. From the moment they woke up each morning, until they fell asleep, exhausted in each other's arms after the most incredible sex possible, she felt loved and cherished by Dimitri and everything he did to show her how much he cared about her.

After that first morning, she'd find small gifts in various places. That morning, she'd woken to find diamond earrings on the pillow next to her with a note saying that he wanted her to be wearing them and nothing else. She'd immediately put them on, then walked into the bathroom where he was showering. He'd been hesitant to take her into his arms, telling her that she was probably too tender after the many times he'd taken her the previous night. But the desire evident in his body had incited more lust than she could handle and she'd smiled shyly as she stepped into the shower and into his arms.

There was more than just jewelry though. One day, she'd arrived at her office to find a beautiful silk scarf on her desk, amazed to realize that it matched her outfit perfectly. Another day, she'd found a Rolex watch in her purse. There were chocolates in her nightgown, roses delivered to her desk, along with a matching diamond necklace, bracelet, gold chains and various other small pieces that magically appeared in her jewelry box on odd days.

One time she'd stuck a box in his briefcase and he'd stormed into her office with the package in his hands unopened. "Helen, you can't buy me presents," he ordered her.

She blinked at his serious interruption. "Why not?" she asked, sitting back in her seat. She was amazed at how unafraid of his scowl she was. She knew he wouldn't hurt her.

"Because you can't."

Helen laughed. "That's not a very good argument, even you have to admit that."

He leaned down, his hands on her desk, the present beside his hand. "Because I can afford to give you gifts. You don't make as much money as I do."

She couldn't quite maintain the cool, composed look she'd hoped to pass off. She could feel her face turn red. "I can't afford the diamonds, but I can guarantee this won't break me. Perhaps you should open it before you tell me not to buy things like that for you."

Dimitri watched her beautiful features flush with color and was intrigued. He continued to watch her as he stood up, grabbed the package, tearing the paper away. When he had the box open, he looked down. When he looked back up, he was smiling again. "Okay, you win." On his fingers dangled two small pieces of lace. With a husky laugh, he said, "You can buy me these all you'd like. When do I get to see you in this?" he asked, walking around the desk and pulling her up and into his arms.

"How about tonight?" she suggested.

"What are you doing for lunch?" he countered.

Pulling back, she laughed into his face. "You can't for lunch. You have the Japanese contingent coming to discuss business with you."

"Cancel it."

"You can't,' she laughed. "And they're coming over to your house for dinner."

Dimitri threw back his head and groaned. "Not fair, Helen." He dropped his arms and took a step back. "Fine, but the moment the door closes on everyone, you're in trouble!"

He started to leave her office and she was horrified to see that the lace was still dangling from his hands. "Dimitri!" she called out to him. He stuffed it into his coat pocket without looking back.

Several days after, she was called into his office for an immediate meeting. Scrambling to pull together the notes she'd been compiling for a charity dinner he'd asked her to organize, Helen was taken aback when she walked in at the appointed time, spinning around when the door was slammed shut behind her.

"Payback time, Helen," he said and locked the door.

Helen almost dropped her papers but she caught them against her chest. "Payback for what?" she asked, taking several steps backwards.

"For your gift, of course," he replied evenly, moving forward and trapping her against his desk.

"I thought you liked it."

"I did," he replied, his hand sliding under her skirt as he lifted her up onto his desk. Her small yelp of surprise didn't even give him pause.

"Then why would there be payback?" she asked, already gasping for breath as his hands pulled her underwear down, the fingers of one hand sliding into her soft folds while the other hand worked the buttons on her silk blouse. "What are you doing?" she demanded but couldn't stop his hands. All she could do was lean back on his desk and let him have his way with her.

"You made me wait earlier in the week."

"And?" she gasped, already writhing on his desk, her body desperate for release.

"And today, I have no meetings, no lunches, nothing that would keep me from finding satisfaction with your delectable body," he explained, his mouth moving the lace of her bra so his mouth could capture her nipple.

"You're insane!" she groaned, unaware that one of her shoes had fallen off.

"For you, yes," he growled. Dimitri was caught in his own trap. He'd meant to just tease her as she'd done to him earlier in the week. All that day he'd spent most of the time imagining her in the lace he'd had in his pocket. Today, he'd decided that he would tease her to the point he'd been in earlier. But now, seeing her wet, hot and ready for him, begging him, he could no longer hold back. Unzipping his pants, he pulled her closer and eased into her, groaning as her heat welcomed him.

When they were both satisfied, Dimitri looked up. The sun was shining through the windows, the door was still closed but he was shocked to realize that he'd made love to Helen on his desk! "Good grief," he said and quickly stood up, helping her sit up and straighten her clothes. "I'm sorry Helen. I hadn't planned on doing that."

Helen laughed. "Please don't apologize on my account," she said. "I rather enjoyed it."

Dimitri stared at her in surprise. When she stood up, he grabbed her before she fell to the floor, waiting while she regained her balance. When she smiled up into his shocked expression, he threw back his head and laughed.

Helen grimaced. "What's so funny?" she demanded.

He bent down and gave her a firm kiss on the mouth before explaining, "My prim little Helen just had crazy sex on my desk. And liked it," he said, laughing harder when she frowned up at him.

"It was satisfying," she said, all her primness coming back to stiffen her shoulders.

That only made him laugh louder. "Satisfying? And if I pulled you back into my arms, you would object, wouldn't you?"

"Certainly," she said but he shook his head when he saw the truth in her eyes. "Oh, go to a meeting or something," she said testily and tucked her shirt into her skirt. She stomped out of his office, his laughter echoing in her ears.

Dimitri watched with growing amazement as she angrily stormed out but he was unable to gain control of his laughter. He was even more amused when he sat down and something soft and pink on the floor caught his eye. Reaching down, he realized that Helen had forgotten her underwear! Picking up his phone, he dialed her extension. "Forget something?" he asked huskily when she answered the phone.

"Hmm...did I forget to tell you that you're a beast?" she snipped.

"No, but I'm sure you'll get around to that this evening when we're alone."

"Then what's the call about?" she asked, sighing as if she couldn't maintain her anger in the face of his humor.

"Think about it. You're not wearing everything you were about thirty minutes ago." He left that comment hanging in the air and counted. He'd only reached three before he heard her sharp intake of breath. "Oh no! Bring them to me," she said.

"Not going to happen, Helen. I'm going to think of you for the rest of the afternoon without them on. And be prepared when we walk through the door tonight. Because I'm already aching for you again." With that, he hung up the phone.

Yes, the romance combined with the heated passion was a powerful force in her life right now. Things had definitely changed over the past eight weeks.

The gray cloud that continued to hover over her happiness covered a small bit of the sunshine as she thought about the one reason why this bliss could not continue forever. But she pushed it aside, thinking instead about the series of parties she had already well under way. There were simple dinner parties Dimitri had requested, even giving her the names of the attendees. All she had to do was coordinate the place and the menu, ensuring that each person had a good time. Dimitri brought her to other social events and Helen felt as if she were on top of the world when she was on his arm at these functions. Dimitri was more than attentive, whispering in her ear either naughty things he wanted to do to her when they left, or ridiculous, funny things the guests might have done or said in the past, instantly putting Helen at ease. The funny stories made these people who were glamour personified into human beings, people she could relate to.

Sighing happily, she typed up the list she was compiling for the biggest function which would be held in another month. Helen was creating a lovely dinner party to benefit an orphanage on the outskirts of the village his house was located in. She'd already met the children and they were wonderful, well-adjusted children who only needed a shot in the arm to make their orphanage a prime piece of property. The theme would be butterflies, new beginnings in the hopes that the guests would donate money to help finance college for the orphans who were dependent on the state for all their welfare. The state would provide them a college education, but Helen wanted them to have more choices.

When she'd first mentioned it to Dimitri, his idea was to simply donate the money from his personal bank account. The fact that he was willing to donate that large amount of money without a blink of the eye made her more cognizant of his enormous wealth. At the time, she'd turned down his offer, wanting the children to know that they were important to more than just Dimitri and his family. She wanted the children to know that the whole community considered them worthwhile.

Helen considered all angles, knowing that the children were developing a wonderful play about butterflies, all of them diving into the project with zeal, all coming up with their own costumes. She had hired a company to build larger than life butterflies that would hang from the ceiling of the ballroom Helen had reserved for the event. They would sparkle and dance, glow as if they were somehow real, as the rest of the attendees danced below. Helen had many other surprises in store, all of which centered around the butterfly scene.

Helen flipped through the pages of her notes, trying to come up with other ideas that would entrance the audience and encourage them to donate both their time and energy to the cause.

Dimitri came out of the meeting he'd had early this morning, leaving their bed before Helen had even woken. He was walking purposefully down the hallway, winking in her direction as he passed her office which was one down from his own. Helen blushed and looked quickly down at her computer screen, laughing herself when she heard his chuckle as he continued on down the hallway.

Fifteen minutes later, her telephone buzzed. "Excuse me, Helen, but Mr. Theopolis has requested a meeting with you," Alessandra said over the intercom.

"Thank you, Alessandra," Helen said, flipping the switch that would turn off the intercom. Standing up, she automatically smoothed her periwinkle suit down over her hips and pushed her hair off her shoulders. She no longer wore her hair up in a tight bun, knowing that Dimitri preferred it down around her shoulders. He did so much to please her, she was more than willing to let him see her hair down which actually made her feel pretty and desirable each time he saw her. It was also a considerable weight that was taken off her head. She had no idea how heavy her hair was until she'd left it down, relaxing her neck muscles during the day.

She took her pen and paper and walked down the hallway. "You wanted to speak to me, Mr. Theopolis?" she asked in Greek, stopping in the doorway of his office. She was proud of her language skills, which she'd been working on secretly for the past month.

He smiled his pride in her tackling his language and beckoned her into his office. "How many times do I need to tell you to call me Dimitri?"

Helen raised one shoulder and shook her head. "It just seems more appropriate here in the office."

Dimitri chuckled softly. "You're assuming that no one knows about our relationship, Helen. I can guarantee that everyone suspects, if they aren't sure of it already. Hell, some of them have even been to the house for dinner and since you're sitting at the opposite end of the table from me, it is a pretty good guess that there's something more between the two of us. They know," he said, his eyes slumberous as he watched her walk closer to the desk, sitting primly in the chair in front of his desk.

He enjoyed the soft color that entered her cheeks with his statement. He thought it was amusing that she was so prim and proper here in the office. The difference between her demeanor here versus the moment he closed the door to his penthouse was dramatic. As soon as they were in private, she was a tigress sexually. He was amazed and ecstatic that the one woman he'd been waiting for had turned out to have a sexual appetite equal to his own.

He watched in fascination as her lashes covered her pretty blue eyes in embarrassment. "Well, that's neither here nor there," she said, sitting down and raising her pen in anticipation of his comments or questions.

He waved her notebook back down. "No need for notes, Helen. This is strictly personal."

Her eyes twinkled as she said, "Do you think the boss would mind you spending company time on personal business?" She laughed at his reaction, lowering her pen and letting her spine touch the back of the chair. She crossed her legs, enjoying the way his eyes watched her as she moved.

His eyes went back up to hers, noting the confidence in her expression and thinking she was much more desirable now than she was before, but that was hard to believe, considering all the cold showers he'd taken before he'd gotten her into his bed. "I think the boss would be hard pressed to avoid personal conversations with you. You're too sexy."

"Does that apply to others in the office?"

Dimitri sat up quickly, not liking the joke at all. "Who else has been stopping by your office, Helen?"

Helen blinked rapidly, shocked at the jealousy that was instantly evident in his eyes. "Many people stop by, Dimitri. Why wouldn't they? You have a very friendly group of workers. It doesn't mean they are making a pass at me which is exactly what you're thinking, isn't it?"

"Give me names, Helen," he grated out. He knew his staff and they were generally too busy to give someone the time of day. If they were stopping by her office, then they were trying to flirt with her, or worse. And dammit! She still didn't understand her appeal!

Helen just waved that aside, knowing how his mind was working. "Dimitri, don't be silly. You just said that everyone knows about our relationship. No one on this floor would dare to step onto your turf," she laughed, both at his expression and her acceptance that she was his woman, both inside and outside of the office.

"Names, Helen," he demanded again.

She was flattered, but still stunned that she could instill that kind of jealousy. She quickly moved to reassure him, knowing how awful that feeling could be. She hated the idea of another woman coming onto him, much less the knowledge that another woman would soon know the pleasure of his touch, his kiss, his love. She wouldn't put him through that, no matter how flattering it felt.

"Good grief, Dimitri, don't get stuck on something so irrelevant. No man has been talking to me and if he was, it would be entirely business. I discourage any kind of personal conversations," she said and quickly changed the subject. "Do you think that roast duck will be appropriate for dinner Friday evening? I was going to do something more interesting with the other menu items, but duck seemed simple and elegant as a main course. And it is a small enough crowd that it will be easy for Elsa to prepare," Helen said, referring to Dimitri's full time cook who was thrilled with the new Dimitri who was more than ready to entertain. Apparently, before Helen came along, Dimitri would be out most nights at other functions, rarely at home to sample his cook's delicacies.

He relaxed slightly at her sincere assurance that no men were standing on the sidelines, waiting for her to be a single woman again. That wasn't going to happen if Dimitri had anything to say about it. "Duck will be fine," he said. "Who stops by your office, Helen?" unwilling to let the small little niggle of doubt go free. Helen was just too innocent to know if someone was hitting on her and he meant to nip that in the bud immediately.

Helen ignored his question, preferring to reassure him tonight that she was his, and only his for as long as he wanted her, which would be forever. "Was there some reason you wanted to talk to me other than to berate me about office politics?" she queried.

Dimitri sighed, knowing that he would have to question her more subtly later on. "Yes," he said, rubbing the back of his neck wearily. He'd never been jealous of any woman in his life before but he'd known all along that Helen was different. He relaxed when he felt her soft, sweet hands rubbing the tense muscles in his shoulders and neck.

"What was it that you wanted to talk to me about?" she asked when he didn't continue but closed his eyes, obviously enjoying her ministrations.

He took her hand and pulled her around to the front of his chair, seating her firmly in his lap. "That's better," he said, his hands resting on her hips. "I can't think with you touching me like that," he said.

Helen laughed delightedly. "And this is a position more conducive to productive thoughts?"

"Well, I'm definitely thinking of something, probably not exactly what I wanted to talk to you about," he said, his hand slipping up her hip, underneath her skirt.

Helen gasped and wriggled in his lap, almost squealing in pleasure as his hand covered her bare hip. "Dimitri!" she inhaled. "Not in the office," she said.

He chuckled and kissed her neck, loving the way she wriggled in his lap and shivered at his simple touch. She was so responsive, he knew he could have her right here and now on his desk and she wouldn't be able to say no. Already, she was losing thought as he touched her in all the secret places only he knew about. "No one would dare to come in without being announced," he said, his mouth bending to nibble on her neck. "And you were too sleepy this morning for more than a good morning kiss."

She sighed with pleasure as his mouth nudged the silk blouse farther apart. Her arms slipped up to wrap around his neck and she leaned her head back, enjoying the feel of his touch. All thought of someone walking in was fast losing a grip on her consciousness. "Well, if you didn't keep my up all night maybe I'd be more lucent when you get out of bed.'

"Lucency isn't exactly what I would ask for," he laughed and took her ear lobe between his teeth.

"Dimitri!" she laughed, and jumped out of his hands before things went too far.

"Okay," he chuckled, relenting for the moment. "Back to the business at hand," he sighed. "My mother wants to meet you," he said. "We don't have plans tonight, do we?" he asked.

Helen's body tensed and her mind blanked. "Mother?" she asked. His mother wanted to meet her? That definitely wasn't a good idea, she thought.

"And father. I have one of each," he teased.

"Yes," she said, pulling out of his arms and walking several feet away. She turned away from him so she could hide her face, knowing the man had an uncanny ability to read her mind. "Of course you do."

She almost jumped out of her skin when she felt his hands resting against her shoulders. "What's wrong, Helen? You're not nervous about meeting my mother and father, are you?"

"No, of course not," she replied. Nervous wasn't a good word to describe what she was feeling. Terrified was more like it. Meeting his parents meant more than just a meal. It signified something much more significant. "But shouldn't we put it off for a while? I mean," she started, her mind frantically trying to come up with an excuse to avoid the meeting, "shouldn't we have a night off? We've been to many functions this week. Don't you need to relax and get a good night's sleep?"

Dimitri smiled. "Well, my family isn't that stressful to me but I can pretty much guarantee that spending a night alone with me wouldn't mean a sleep filled evening."

Helen blushed and he chuckled softly, hoping she never overcame her blushes. He thought they were lovely. "Helen, my family isn't scary. I promise. I'll be right there with you," he said.

"Family?" she asked, choking on the word. She spun around to face him, frantic that his sisters might also be at the dinner. "That implies more than just a mother and father."

Dimitri leaned against the desk and crossed his arms over his chest. "I believe that my sisters are all in town tonight for once. That's one of the reasons my mother was so intent to have us all together this evening," he explained.

"All of them?" she whispered, her terror growing exponentially.

"Yes." He laughed and walked closer, kissing her gently on the mouth. "Don't worry, Helen. They'll love you."

The intercom buzzed and Helen jumped visibly, her nerves instantly strung out. "I'm sorry to interrupt," his PA said, "But the call you've been waiting for has come through," she said.

"Thank you, Alessandra." Turning to Helen, he kissed her again. "Don't worry. It will be okay," he said. "I'll call my mother and tell her we'll be there early so you can meet them before the chaos starts."

"Chaos?" she squeaked out, her body so tense she was shivering.

Dimitri smiled to reassure her. "When my sisters bring their kids, things can get a little crazy," he explained a moment before pressing the button to take the conference call.

Helen nodded and smiled, but as she walked out of his office, she couldn't help thinking that this was the beginning of the end. Meeting the parents was a big issue and she didn't think she could lead Dimitri on the way she must be.

Helen pulled her chair up to her computer, her stomach feeling very queasy all of a sudden. She buried her head in her hands and fought the tears that threatened. Was it only thirty minutes ago that she was thinking that things couldn't be more perfect? She should have known that the world couldn't continue on as it had been. Life wasn't that fair, she knew.

Maybe meeting the parents wasn't as big of a deal as she thought. Maybe he brought all of his girlfriends to meet them. That thought made her feel slightly better, but her stomach didn't recover quite as easily. Her nerves were still tense and she pushed her coffee away, the smell actually bothering her now with the stress overwhelming her.

The day progressed and the more she thought about it, the more she was able to relax. By the middle of the afternoon, she'd rationalized away most of the problems of meeting his parents and was okay with the prospect. Her stomach even started to feel better. So when Dimitri called to ask if she was prepared to close down for the night, she was more than ready. Closing down her computer, she packed up her notes and straightened her desk, not bothering to take anything home with her, knowing from experience that Dimitri would not give her the time to work. When she was with him, he took over all of her senses, leaving her exhausted, only able to fall asleep in his arms.

Unfortunately, her peace of mind from the afternoon didn't come with her into the evening. Once they entered Dimitri's penthouse, she walked straight to her dressing room filled with clothes Dimitri had bought her, mostly over her protests. The queasy stomach returned as well and she wished she could just curl up into a ball of misery.

Instead, Helen changed into a casual, white sundress with pink flowers covering it, pulling her hair into a clip on her neck. At least she looked cool and composed, which was as far from the truth as possible.

Dimitri looked just as casual, wearing a pair of khaki slacks and a white, polo shirt. "Ready?" he asked, seeing her standing in the middle of the main room, wringing her hands nervously. He walked over to her and took both of her hands in his large, warm ones. "Relax," he said. "I can't believe you are able to stand up to me but are afraid of my parents. Of the three of us, I can guarantee that I'm the scarier," he laughed.

Helen tried to smile, but she just couldn't shake the feeling that this meeting was going to change everything. "Yes. I'm sure," she said lamely.

Dimitri drove his powerful car through the streets of Athens, eventually leaving the city behind and speeding across the countryside. It took less than thirty minutes before they were pulling up outside an enormous house. Dimitri led her up the front steps and pushed open the door. "Good evening, Simon," he said to the butler as he walked with her into the large foyer.

"Good evening, Mr. Theopolis," the butler replied, bowing slightly. "Your parents are awaiting your arrival in the blue salon," he explained.

"Thank you," Dimitri said. "May I introduce Ms. Helen Miller? She's terrified of meeting m parents. Hence the anxious look on her face," he said, pulling Helen against his side.

Simon smiled politely but there was more amusement in his eyes as he said, "Perhaps she is only wary of your presence, sir," he said.

Dimitri laughed and hugged Helen closer. "Nonsense. She has me eating out of her hands," he laughed, then took her hand and led her down the hallway.

Sophia and Dimitri Theopolis were very nice, eager to meet the newest person in their son's life. They immediately made her feel welcome and put her at her ease. Helen held a mysterious cocktail in her hand as she talked with Sophia, talking about the history of the house. "Come, I'll show you the gardens before bedlam descends," she said, leading Helen out of the house and down stone steps directly off the blue salon. "We'll leave these men to discuss business for a while."

The drink in her hands was cold and fruity and she sipped it gratefully, relieved that Dimitri's parents had turned out to be very nice people who seemed to take Helen's presence with equanimity. Her thoughts of the afternoon were correct, Dimitri must bring all of his girlfriends to his parents house. That realization both relaxed and hurt Helen but she realized how silly she was being and couldn't have it both ways.

Pushing the jealousy aside, she realized that this meeting was not important and didn't mean an end to the blissful happiness she'd been experiencing with Dimitri in her life. Helen happily followed Dimitri's mother, asking questions about the various plants that were landscaped around the gardens, genuinely eager to learn more about the flora and fauna of Greece.

They had been gone for about fifteen minutes when the noises started. Helen wasn't sure what it was at first, but looking back through the windows into the salon, she saw the children running. There were so many of them, Helen gasped in horror as they all threw their little bodies at Dimitri. But she should have had more faith in Dimitri's abilities, since he easily caught all four of them in his arms, holding two of them upside down, squealing in delight as he held the other two in his arms.

Helen watched, transfixed, as the children hung onto Dimitri who was glorying in the youthful cries for mercy and then hugging all four of them at the same time.

"He loves them," Sophia said softly beside her. "Dimitri will be a wonderful father some day."

Helen swallowed hard, the pain coming at her from all sides. "Yes. He will." Unfortunately, she would not be able to give him that dream.

"Don't worry. I'm sure things will work out wonderfully," Sophia was saying and moving along the pathway back to the house. "It is so wonderful to meet you. We've never met any of his ladies before. So this is a very special night," she said, looking at Helen meaningfully.

Helen almost missed a step but caught herself quickly, thankful she didn't humiliate herself by falling at Sophia's feet.

Sophia didn't know it but she had just signaled the death chime for her affair with Dimitri. He'd never brought anyone else to meet his parents? Did that mean that Dimitri was more serious than she'd realized? Her heart was so filled with love and to think that her love was returned almost blinded her with happiness. She reveled in that moment, glorying in the idea that he might feel more for her than just lust.

She looked up and Dimitri caught her eye, winking at her before bending down to laugh and pick up the children who were still rough housing with him. In that moment, she knew that she had to leave him, for his own good. If he fell in love with her, it wouldn't be fair. She couldn't lead him on like that.

Suddenly, gone were the heavenly feelings of joy. Helen's heart ached. She was so in love with the man and she knew exactly what she would have to do. She would end the relationship, leave Greece, the country she'd come to love so quickly, and allow Dimitri the space to find someone who would be able to give him the children and family that he needed. He was a wealthy man. He would need someone who could give him an heir to whom he could pass on the business. Helen knew she could not give that to him. The accident had seen to that.

But how could she tell him? How could she end this relationship that had fulfilled almost every dream she'd ever had since she was a small girl? It had been so long since she'd felt feminine and loved, needed. Dimitri did that for her. He turned all her insecurities on their head and told her she was beautiful. But how could a woman be beautiful if she could not fulfill the main purpose given to her by God? It was awful to know that she was only half a woman, having all the parts, but missing the ability to use them. Not for the first time did she curse the driver of the other vehicle, the one who had run into their small car, hitting it from the side and damaging so much of her stomach and internal organs.

The evening turned into a nightmare for Helen. She sat with a smile pasted on her face while her insides churned painfully. She wished she could just hide in a room somewhere and curl up into a protective ball. She desperately wanted to give Dimitri the children he deserved and fill his house with laughter and happiness. But she'd been told almost ten years ago that the accident had damaged her reproductive organs. After several operations to fix internal problems, the doctors had explained that the accident had caused the Fallopian tubes to disconnect from the ovaries. They were already disconnected on all women, but in her case, the gap between the two was too wide. Even artificial insemination would be difficult since the egg rarely came down from her damaged ovaries into the uterus.

Helen swallowed the food but had no idea what she was eating. She said all the appropriate things to Dimitri's sisters, brothers in law and parents, but by the end of the evening, she couldn't remember any of the conversation. Her heart ached and her body wanted to just throw up everything she'd just put into it. Avoiding alcohol helped so she downed as much ice water as she could get, the butler refilling her glass at least four times during the meal. She noticed Dimitri looking at her oddly, but couldn't explain to him what she was feeling.

As soon as they stepped into his penthouse, he took her hand and pulled her into his arms. She allowed it for a long moment, needing the reassurance just one more time that she was a desirable and feminine woman, not a freak of nature that couldn't do what it was supposed to do. What was the point of a woman who could not produce a child, she sniffed angrily, holding onto his shoulders as if he were a lifeline.

With his strong arms wrapped around her, he picked her up and walked over to a large, overstuffed chair, settling her in his lap. "Hey, what's wrong, Helen? You're so tense you're going to snap into two parts if you don't relax," he said.

Helen could no longer hold in the tears. She let them fall, sobbing loudly onto his shirt front. Whispering how sorry she was the whole time. In response, Dimitri rocked her back and forth, shushing her and running his arms reassuringly down her back. Leaning back, he handed her a handkerchief, rubbing her back as she let the sobs flow.

In the end, Helen was too worn out to talk. Her eyes were red and swollen from the emotion she'd expended and her throat was sore from the crying. Helen felt Dimitri lift her up and carry her to the bedroom and stiffened, worried about what he was going to do. But she shouldn't have worried. He only took off her shoes and changed her into one of his tee-shirts, then gently laid her down onto the bed, holding her until she fell asleep cradled in his arms.

Chapter 9

Helen woke early the next morning, the sun not over the horizon yet. She looked down and realized that Dimitri was still asleep. This was odd since he was usually gone by this time, gently kissing her as he slipped out the door.

"Good morning," he said, not bothering to open his eyes as he pulled her back down onto his chest.

Helen resisted and pulled herself out of bed, rushing to the bathroom and closing herself in for a long time. The stomach nausea was back with a vengeance and she sat down on the toilet, wishing the queasiness away. How was she going to face him? Today!

She'd have to end this relationship today. After seeing him with his nieces and nephews, understanding how much he loved them and what a wonderful father he would be with his own children, she could no longer go on loving him. She had to release him so he could find his own happiness. Wanting it to go on for another day, or week would be unfair to Dimitri.

She'd just have to be strong, not let her love for him show in any way. It would be her last act of love in a way. She would step out of his life, let him get on with finding someone to love, someone who is worthy of that love and could give him the family he needed and children to spoil. She couldn't be that woman. She'd known that from the beginning but, at the time, she'd never have known how hard it would be to walk away from him. And she had never in her wildest dreams have thought that he would start to care for her.

Knowing that her stomach wouldn't get better until she finished what she needed to do, she stood up from the toilet, grabbing the counter to steady her suddenly wobbly stance. Showering quickly, she stepped out with her hair in a towel and a large robe covering almost every square inch of her skin. She saw him standing against the bed, already showered from one of the other bathrooms and looking more handsome than any man had a right to look.

When he saw her in the mirror, he turned and faced her, his eyes showing his concern. "Would you like to talk about last night?" he asked softly.

Helen almost burst into tears at his gentle tone. Instead, she shook her head, hating the way it made her feel. She gripped the side of the dresser that contained her underwear and held on until the dizziness passed. It had been a hard night and all she wanted to do was get this confrontation over with so she could start the healing process.

Taking a deep breath, she said, "I guess it's inevitable, isn't it?" assuming he was talking about their breakup.

Dimitri thought she was talking about their discussion of the previous night so he instantly agreed. He always thought it was better to get things out in the open rather than leaving problems to fester. "Yes. So what about my family made you so uncontrollably sad?" he demanded.

Helen cringed at his words. "It's difficult to explain."

"Then start at the beginning," he advised, crossing his arms over his chest. His pose was relaxed, but Helen knew better. He was trying to hide his concern and she loved him even more for it. He had every right to be angry. She'd behaved like a lunatic last night, crying like an unruly child, and he only wanted an explanation.

Helen took a deep breath and started the lies that would tear her away from the only man she would ever love. "I realized last night that you and I have different ideas on what our relationship means," she finally got out, not looking at him.

There was a long, tense silence behind her before he said, "I guess that might be easy to understand. I'm looking to marry you, Helen. How different is that from what you have in mind?"

Helen's legs almost gave out on her at his words because she knew that her love for him was too deep. He deserved someone whole and she had to get out so he could find her. "That's not what I'm looking for," she lied painfully, her words breaking.

After a long, tension filled moment, he said, "What exactly are you looking for?"

Helen braced herself, turning away and taking the towel off her head, tossing it to the bed in what she hoped was a casual manner. "Dimitri, let's face it, the sex is great. But I think it would be better if we stopped seeing each other."

Dimitri swore under his breath. "I don't believe you Helen. You're not that type."

Helen laughed harshly but the effort almost sent her back to the bathroom as the queasiness increased. It was difficult to appear casual but she'd have to do it. For him. "I've been living with you for the past two months. How can you tell me that I'm not that type, when that's exactly what I am?"

"What are you saying?"

She took a deep breath. "Dimitri, you taught me about sex. That's what we have

together. That's all it can be," she said and forced her face to smile.

"This is different," he said. "It's not about just the sex and you can't convince me that's all you're feeling. And don't try and convince me that's all I've been interested in. I've known that I've wanted to marry you ever since our first meeting in London."

Helen swung around and glared at him. "That's a lie! You didn't even notice me as a woman," she said, her lower lip trembling as she desperately wished that his words were true.

He raised an eyebrow as his stance changed from angry to aggressive. "You think so? Want me to tell you exactly what you were wearing?" he asked, walking forward, his furious eyes not releasing hers as he said, "It was a brown suit with a cream silk shirt underneath. Your stockings were the simple tan kind and you were wearing the ugliest brown shoes that my grandmother would be ashamed to wear. But even that afternoon as you sat in my office telling me about your filing process and how you manage an office so efficiently, all I could think about was how sexy your legs were and how gorgeous you were. I wondered how long your hair was and why you didn't wear lipstick since you had the sexiest mouth I'd ever seen in my life. From that moment on, every part of your anatomy figured very highly into my fantasy life. So don't tell me I didn't notice you. Not to mention all the other men in the office under the age of sixty were noticing you as well."

Helen remembered that day well and the suit had been one she'd been very proud of. She hadn't remembered the shoes, but she knew the ones he was talking about now that he brought them up. "You liked my mouth?" she asked, her voice small and painful.

"Hell yes!" he said. "And I'd like it a whole lot more if you'd say you'll marry me and forget this crap about the sex. You and I both know that what we have together is more than just sex," he said, pulling her against him and covering her lips with his own.

Helen allowed the kiss, even participated for several heart-stopping moments, before she remembered her purpose and pulled out of his arms, surprising him with her force. "No! This has to end," she stated emphatically and turned away. "I can't marry you," she said. "It would never work."

"Why not?" he ground out, furious.

"We're from two different worlds. You're from the ultra wealthy and I'm from the working class."

"And yet over the last two months, you've acted as my wife, entertaining and even charming some of the most powerful people in Europe. And you've done a fantastic job, I might add."

Helen's pride was torn between the idea that he liked her entertaining and her love for him. "Regardless, it's time we stopped playing house and moved on."

There was a long, tense silence until he said, "You're really turning me down? You won't marry me?" he asked, stunned.

Helen nodded her head. "No. I can't marry you."

He watched her, noting the way she'd picked up the towel from the bed and was folding it one way, then whipping it open and refolding it differently. Her fingers were shaking and he knew something was wrong. He just didn't understand. "Can't or won't?" he demanded.

Helen shrugged. "Both apply."

She turned her back on him, waiting for the end when he would accept her word. When she heard the string of oaths uttered in Greek, then the door slam, she almost fell to the floor. But she had too much to do. Helen dressed quickly and applied more makeup than usual in order to cover the dark circles under her eyes from her restless night and her crying fit. It was hard to apply since tears kept escaping, creating streaks down her cheeks.

Turning to the closet, she pushed open the door with a shaking hand. It was as if the act of packing would make their split official and she didn't want to do it. Unfortunately, it had to be done. Stepping inside, she turned on the light and surveyed the clothes. It was amazing but most of the clothes she had were from him. She hadn't realized how much he'd bought for her, their days filled with planning while the evenings were taken up with dinners, parties, and other events and clothes would just magically appear in this large, spacious closet now filled with designer dresses and outfits. They were bright and colorful, all of them making her feel pretty and sexy.

Those days were gone, she told herself. Pulling on one of her black skirts, the ones she'd bought for her new job here in Greece and had thought so sophisticated, now seemed dull and lifeless. It matched her mood, she thought.

Helen fought back the tears, feeling like a part of her body had left with Dimitri when he'd stormed out of his beautiful penthouse apartment. Taking out her old, beaten up bags, she started loading in her clothes, leaving behind the ones that Dimitri had bought for her, knowing she didn't deserve them anymore. But when she opened the drawer that contained her lingerie, her fingers shook as she gently touched all of the lacy, sexy underwear and bras. Inhaling painfully, she scooped up all of the garments and piled them carefully into her suitcase. He probably wouldn't even know that she'd taken them.

"Good afternoon, Ms. Miller," the doorman to the building said as she emerged from the elevator. "Mr. Theopolis has already left but Tony is standing by, ready to take you to the office."

Helen sighed. "Thank you, Chris," she said in Greek. "But I don't think that would be appropriate."

Stepping out into the painfully hot sun almost knocked her to her knees again. Her stomach was in knots and she walked slowly to the bus stop, her heavy suitcase trailing behind her. She would empty out her desk and tender her resignation, knowing she would have to move back to London. She couldn't work for Dimitri any longer, not that he would want her. She now knew that the position he'd created for her was not a real job. It had been his plan to get her here to Greece. He didn't need her in that capacity any longer.

She still had the key to the corporate apartment that he'd given her back in London. She would stay there tonight and submit her resignation immediately. Surely he wouldn't mind if she stayed just one night, would he?

Going into the office, she was already late since it was past ten o'clock. The first thing she noticed was that there was a tension that was not normal. The executive floor was always hopping with people working diligently on whatever task or takeover they had going, but this was a strange tension. She walked down to her office and sat down behind her computer, immediately writing several sentences that outlined her resignation.

Printing it out, she walked down the hallway to Alessandra's desk. "Would Dimitri have a moment this morning to see me?" she asked, her fingers shaking as she held the letter behind her back.

Alessandra's gray hair swished by her face, her frazzled eyes glancing up at Helen in relief. "Oh, Helen, you know you don't need an appointment to see Mr. Theopolis. He always makes time for you. And this morning, maybe you could put him into a better mood. I for one would be grateful," she said, reaching for the phone to call Dimitri.

Helen didn't mention that her news might not create the atmosphere that everyone would want. In fact, it might even make it worse. But she kept silent, mentally crossing her fingers that Dimitri would actually see her.

"Helen is here, waiting to see you, Mr. Theopolis," Alessandra efficiently relayed. The shock on her face as she listened to Dimitri's answer told Helen just how angry he was.

Alessandra slowly put down the phone and looked up at Helen nervously. "He said he'd try and fit you in this afternoon," she explained, her eyes confused. "But...I thought...we all thought...," she started to say, but didn't finish her questions. "Never mind," she said lightly, smiling professionally as she picked up her pencil and pulled Dimitri's calendar forward. "He has a few minutes right before lunch time. Would that be okay?" she asked.

Helen nodded and thanked Alessandra, then walked back to her office, her feet unsure of how to move it seemed.

She worked diligently through the morning but took a few minutes to book a flight back to London in two weeks, wondering how she was going to work through these fourteen days, loving him the way she did and knowing that he felt the same way. Maybe he'd release her from the job immediately since it wasn't a real position, just one he'd made up. Well, he'd never said he loved her, but he must if he wanted to marry her, right?

Helen sighed and shook her head. There was no point in traveling down that path. It would only lead to more pain and she had enough of it as it was. Looking at the calendar, she groaned out loud when she realized that there was another dinner party scheduled for tonight. How could she have forgotten that? She'd just been discussing it with Dimitri yesterday afternoon.

No problem. She would simply discuss the issue with Marie and make sure that everything was in order. There was no need for Helen to be there in person as long as the staff was well qualified to serve.

The time of her appointment arrived and Helen made her way back down the hallway. Alessandra's hair even more out of place than it had been earlier in the morning, an occurrence which had never happened before. Alessandra was efficient and professional, exactly what Helen used to be like before Dimitri brought her onto his yacht, she realized.

The older woman waved Helen into the office, explaining that Dimitri was ready to see her. Instead of the relief Alessandra had shown upon Helen's earlier arrival, the older woman now looked wary, as if Helen's meeting with Dimitri would mean a more difficult afternoon.

Helen walked in but stopped at the doorway and knocked. "Enter!" was his only response, he didn't even look up from the document he was reviewing. And apparently tearing apart if the red slashes and notes were any indication.

"Sit down," he ordered and Helen's whole demeanor shook at the anger in his voice. He'd never treated her like this but she supposed having one's marriage proposal rejected did things to a man.

He continued to read and slash while she waited and Helen knew it was a power move. She didn't mind though. She loved looking at him, her eyes softening as she watched him work, amazed at how quickly he could absorb information. She sighed as she turned away, tearing her eyes from his magnificent form.

"Regretting your answer already, Helen?" he asked, still reading through the document.

Helen swallowed painfully but shook her head. "No," she said out loud when she realized that he wasn't looking at her.

He looked up then, his dark, black eyes boring into her. "Then I suppose this is about tonight's dinner. Is everything ready? You've already discussed the menu and the settings. What else is there to talk about?" he snapped.

Helen stood up and handed him the paper. She silently went back to her seat, letting him read through the page. But before she'd even sat down, she heard the tearing sound and swung back, her mouth open in shock.

"Trying to take the easy way out?" he asked smoothly.

"What do you mean?" she asked, angry now herself. How dare he tear up her letter of resignation! How rude!

Tossing the torn letter into his trash, he said, "I mean, you're in love with me. And now you're running away. The only issue I need to discover is why." He stood up and came around the desk, slamming his office door and then walking back to her. "What are you hiding, Helen?" he asked softly, leaning over her chair, trapping her in the leather seat.

Helen shrunk back into her chair, terrified of his tone. She'd heard it in meetings before. It was nice and polite, but combined with the look in his eyes, she knew she'd have to get out of here as quickly as possible. The tone and the look meant he was working through all the evidence and coming up with an answer. And with Dimitri's intelligence, he usually came up with the right one.

Knowing she'd have to be strong, for him as much as for herself, she forced her chin higher. Her eyes could not meet his, although she tried. Swallowing tightly, she said, "I'm not hiding anything, and I'm not in love with you."

He watched her for a long moment, his eyes taking in each of her features one by one before he said, "You're lying." He pushed away from her chair and stood up. His arms crossed over his chest as he looked down at her. "The big question is why. What would be so horrible that you would deny everything we have between us?" His voice was softer, the anger no longer vibrating in his tone.

Helen took a long, fortifying breath and stood up, blinking back the tears. "There's nothing between us, Dimitri. I thought this would be a casual affair," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. She cleared her throat and looked at the middle of his chest, unable to hold his gaze while she lied to him. "I'm going home. I'm sorry for the misunderstanding."

She started to walk away until she heard Dimitri's voice behind her. "No, you're not, Helen."

She stopped in her tracks and turned around, a chill racing up her spine at his unrelenting voice. "What do you mean?"

He waited until he was standing over her, looking down into her worried blue eyes. "I mean, I moved you out here at considerable expense. You will fulfill the terms of your job requirements until I decide that the company has been adequately compensated for your move expenses. Understand, Helen?"

He couldn't do that, could he? She wasn't sure about the legality of the issue but her pain turned to anger at his threat. "That's not fair!" she retorted furiously.

"You're right. I don't play fair. When I want something, I get it. And I want you, as my wife, in my bed, forever," he said, not a trace of doubt in his voice. "Sooner or later, you'll tell me what you're hiding, Helen. And once you do that, we'll work together to find a solution."

Helen's eyes lost their anger and turned worried. Dimitri in full battle mode was terrifying. He never lost. She'd seen him forge through difficult business dealings too many times and he was brilliant, applying superior logic and merciless business tactics to everything he did.

She would just have to be stronger. She'd seen him work. She'd learned his tricks. After all these months of observing him in the board room, she was sure she could avoid his efforts. She had to, for both of them. He needed something she couldn't provide. He'd have to accept that. She should just tell him, she thought to herself. But then the memory of him making her feel soft and feminine, alluring and wanted; a whole woman; stopped her admission. She'd never had that before meeting him and she couldn't deal with losing it now. If he knew the truth, he would pity her and probably help her in some sort of generous way, but he'd never think of her as a whole woman again.

If she was going to gain anything out of this relationship, she was going to retain those memories.

"Please, just accept this as my decision," she pleaded with him.

He shook his head. "Not an option. We're good together. You're in love with me and just fighting against some ghost that doesn't make any sense." He leaned forward, so close she could smell his cologne and inhaled, loving the scent of him as much as his touch and his smile. "And what's more, I'm in love with you too. So face the inevitable, Helen. We're going to be together."

His words tore her up inside. He loved her! Those words were so sweet, so wonderful and yet, caused her more pain than she had ever known in her life. "No. I can't."

"Can't isn't in my vocabulary. Until you're speaking my language, we'll just have to do it my way," he said and pulled her into his arms, his mouth covering hers hungrily. Helen had no defense against him. She wanted him so desperately and her body, so used to feeling his magic touch every night, usually more than once, was starved after a night with him only holding her gently in his arms. She could no longer resist his kiss than she could stop breathing.

When he finally pulled back, his mouth smiled down into hers. "See? We're good together."

Her body was shivering in reaction but she pulled out of his arms, shaking her head in response to his kiss. "That's just sex. I've never denied that we aren't good in bed together. Just that I can't marry you," she said, pulling out of his arms. She saw his eyes narrow and shivered, expecting the anger to return and bracing for it.

His face was expressionless as he said, "Wrong answer. I'll stop by your office to drive us home for the dinner party tonight," he said and walked back behind his desk, picking up the document he'd been reading when she came in less than a half hour ago.

Helen started to say something, but Alessandra buzzed through, reminding him that he had a meeting in two minutes.

"Was there anything else, Helen?" he asked.

Her mouth snapped closed and she shook her head. "No. And don't worry about getting me tonight. I'll find my way there. I've already moved my clothes into the corporate apartments. I'll be at your penthouse at the appropriate time," she said stiffly and walked angrily out of his office.

Dimitri smiled as he watched her stiff walk. He didn't understand what could be causing her to be so violently opposed to marriage, but he would break through her defenses and find out what it was. In the mean time, he picked up his phone. "Alessandra, Helen dropped off some suitcases at the corporate suite this morning. Could you have them transferred back to my place? Have the manager change the locks as well."

Helen walked carefully back to her office, the anger making her stomach queasy again. She also had a headache because she hadn't been able to stomach any coffee yet. She needed the caffeine, but the thought of a cup of coffee only made her more nauseous. With too many feelings hitting her on all sides, she couldn't take a headache on top of everything else. She hurried down to the drug store to pick up some aspirin. She was desperate by the time she came back to her office but as soon as she walked in, she saw the lists. Picking up the papers, she read through the notes, almost smiling at Dimitri's bold script. The paper contained a list of several more dinner parties and social activities she was to organize for him. She swallowed the pills quickly, then drank an entire glass of water, hoping the pain killers took hold quickly.

The afternoon went by more quickly than she could have hoped for. She was desperate to get tonight's dinner party over with so she could escape Dimitri's presence. She didn't like the idea of sleeping alone, but she needed time and space to get through the rest of the time with him. Once she was alone, she could formulate a plan, something that would help her defend herself against his actions.

There was another dinner party planned for Friday evening and then they were scheduled to attend some charity ball the next night but she was sure she could beg off from that. And if he refused to let her off the hook, she'd simply refuse to attend with him, arriving separately. The most she'd have to deal with was his presence at dinner, then she could easily slip away.

"Time to go," Dimitri announced in her doorway.

Helen jumped at the sound of his voice, so absorbed in planning her strategy she hadn't heard him approach. But she glanced up and then quickly down. His jacket was slung over his shoulder and his tie loosened, the top button of his shirt undone and he looked like every woman's dream. "I'll meet you at your place in time for the dinner party," she said and was proud of her firm tone.

He raised an eyebrow and smiled slightly. "That would be a little odd, wouldn't it? Since we're both going to the same place."

"I told you, my clothes are at the corporate apartment. Besides, I've already informed Marie that I won't be dining at the table tonight, so there's no need for me to actually change clothes. I'll just work the party in the background to ensure that everything goes well."

He shook his head. "Not a good plan. I won't accept it. And your clothes were brought back to the penthouse so shut down your computer," he said and pressed the save button on her keyboard, "and let's go. You will not be working the party in the background. You will be sitting at the head of the table, looking like my fiancee even if you don't want the position."

Helen gritted her teeth at his high-handed tactics. She was also angry with herself because she should have anticipated this move. "You're being completely unreasonable about this," she said angrily, standing up and facing him with her hands fisted at her sides. "Why can't you just accept that we're over? Move on, go find someone who wants to be your wife!"

"I have found someone. You. And I'm perfectly happy with my selection, but thank you very much for the easy out if I change my mind, which I won't, by the way." He pulled her around her desk, ignoring her resistance, and picked up her purse. "We need to get moving. You have to change clothes," was all he would say.

Helen wanted to fight him but she needed to pick her battles.

Chapter 10

The evening was a huge success but she was angry the whole evening. She was sitting at the head of the table, glaring at Dimitri almost all night. She smiled at the appropriate moments and laughed at all the jokes which were light and very political since this group was made up mostly of high level government officials. But she was seething with anger the whole night. Her stomach wasn't bothering her too much so at least something was going right, she told herself as she led the way through from the dining room to the huge great room for coffee.

Everyone took a seat and she looked around, grateful when Marie arrived immediately with the coffee and brandy tray, setting it in front of Helen and then departing. Helen took one whiff of the strong brew and almost passed out. Standing up suddenly, she took several steps away, then turned to the guests who were all staring curiously. "I'm sorry," Helen started to say, "but Marie forgot something. I'll be right back. Dimitri, would you pour?" she asked, then left without waiting for his response.

She made it all the way to the hallway between the kitchen and the living room before her mind blanked out on her. She fell to the ground in a dead faint, unaware of anything or anyone.

Dimitri watched Helen leave, his mind racing to figure out what was going on. Helen looked like she'd just seen a ghost and no one was believing her story about Marie forgetting something.

He walked over to the coffee tray and stared down at the various pots. A gentle, aging hand settled on his sleeve, halting him from the mundane task of pouring coffee for his guests. "Dimitri, how about if I pour and you go see what's happened to Helen?" Danielle Oporous suggested. "She didn't look well."

Dimitri smiled gratefully at the elderly woman, then disappeared in the direction Helen had taken.

When he stepped into the hallway, he swore violently under his breath when he saw Helen's body laying on the hard, marble floor. "Call an ambulance," he yelled toward the kitchen. He was only slightly aware of Marie stepping into the hallway, then just as quickly disappearing, hopefully to call for an ambulance. Dimitri picked up Helen's hand and felt for a pulse. When he found it, he moved his hands quickly down her body, searching for injuries. His mind started to panic when he found no visible signs of a problem. Lifting her into his arms, he carried her into his office, the closest room to her present position, and lowered her gently down onto a leather sofa. He then felt her forehead and almost fainted with relief himself when he saw her eyes flicker.

Marie came in with the wireless phone to her ear, speaking quickly in Greek. "Tell them to hurry," he snapped, holding Helen's shoulder with one hand when she tried to sit up and touching her forehead with the other, trying to determine if she was sick.

"Just stay where you are. An ambulance is on the way," he said quickly, soothingly. "Where do you hurt?" he asked gently.

"Hurt?" Helen asked, confused by all the commotion. "I'm fine. Why am I lying on the sofa?"

"You were lying in the hallway just a moment ago."

"Why?"

Dimitri almost laughed at the ridiculous question. "That's exactly what I'd like to know," he said.

Helen shook her head, then stopped when the dizziness returned. "I'm fine. I'm just tense," she said. "The coffee makes me feel sick."

Marie's eyes watched her closely and she stopped talking into the phone. When a smile slowly formed over her face, she laughed out loud and spoke rapidly into the phone again. Helen had no idea what she said, her Greek still not good enough to even converse stiltingly.

"What's so funny?" Helen asked, still trying to sit up and push Dimitri's hand away at the same time.

Marie spoke to Dimitri and walked away, chuckling in what Helen could only describe as gleeful. "What did she say?" Helen asked, finally able to sit up and noticed that his expression was not gleeful, but outright stunned.

"What's wrong?" she asked, forgetting instantly that she was angry with him. He was worried and it showed all over his face. "Maybe you should sit down," she said, standing up and pulling him over to the sofa. She pushed at his shoulders until he was now sitting. Bending down, she looked into his eyes and felt his forehead. "Dimitri, are you okay?" she asked, almost terrified of anything happening to him.

Dimitri's eyes slowly started to refocus again and he looked at her, his eyes taking it all in as slowly, he started to smile.

Helen shook her head and tsked. "Dimitri, if you aren't sick then I'm not sure what's going on. Why are you looking at me so strangely?"

He still just sat there and watched her and eventually, Helen huffed away. "If you're going to simply stare at me, then I'm going to go see about our guests. I assume they are still having coffee?" she asked, not bothering to turn back to face him.

All the air in Helen's lungs left her when she was suddenly caught up in Dimitri's arms and carried back to the sofa. "You're pregnant?" he asked. "And when were you going to tell me? Once you'd finally convinced me that we had to break up?"

It was Helen's turn to be shocked and she could only stare up into his handsome, smiling face as his words sunk in, the pain filling her up as she realized she was going to have to disappoint him. And then the whole pitiful, humiliating truth would come out. "No. I'm not. I can't," she said sadly and pulled herself out of his arms.

"Don't even try that on me, Helen. When was your last period?" he demanded, stopping her progress and spinning her around, then holding her upper arms as her head started swimming and her body swayed slightly. "Sorry," he said, but he didn't look sorry, she thought. "And why this sudden aversion to coffee? Fainting even at the smell of it? All signs of a pregnancy, according to Marie," he explained.

Helen opened her mouth to speak, then stopped, thinking back. Her periods were always a little off, but she calculated back and realized that she hadn't had a period since she'd left London. They were never that far off, she knew. Nine weeks?

And the coffee aversion had been sudden, even she acknowledged that. And her queasy stomach?

Shaking her head, she stood up and turned her back on Dimitri before taking a deep breath. "No. I can't be pregnant," she said, bracing her hands on the desk.

"Is this the same 'can't' as in you can't marry me instead of 'won't' marry me?" he inquired softly.

It took her a long moment to get her voice under control. "No. This isn't the same thing." The pain obviously coming through in her voice because his face was no longer smiling, but concerned.

"Is your explanation going to clarify why you can't and or won't marry me?" he asked.

"Yes." Helen sniffed and closed her eyes, leaning her head against his shoulder. "I can't marry you because I can't get pregnant."

He waited patiently, letting her tell the story. But when she didn't continue, he gently prompted, "How do you know?"

Sighing heavily, sadly, Helen accepted that she would have to explain. "About ten years ago, I was in a car accident. We were driving through an intersection and another car didn't realize they were required to stop. The man had been drinking and simply ignored, or didn't notice the red light. He crashed into the side of our vehicle. I was in the back seat and took most of the impact. I was in the hospital for over a month as they slowly repaired my body. But the one thing that they weren't able to completely repair was my reproductive organs. The accident left me with a defect that has a larger than normal gap between the Fallopian tubes and the ovaries. It means that the egg disappears and disintegrates within my body before it can reach the uterus. In other words," she explained sadly, "I can't be pregnant, now or in the future."

"And you're sure that this defect eliminates the possibility of a pregnancy?"

Helen laughed harshly. "I'm sure. The doctors tried several different surgeries to correct the damage but in the end, they said it would have to heal the way it was. They ran into the possibility of damaging the surrounding organs if they kept trying."

His hands were gently rubbing her shoulder soothingly and his chin was propped on top of her head. "So you're disallowing the possibility that you might not still have this issue? Or that you've grown out of it?" he asked, moving up to lay his hands on her shoulders.

"No. I'm not disallowing it. I already mentioned that I was tested when I became a teenager. I have the deformity. The doctors were sure it isn't possible to grow out of it. The gap is just too wide and apparently gets wider with age."

"So it's completely impossible that you are pregnant?" he suggested.

Helen shook her head. "You don't understand. The doctors tried many times. I was in the hospital for so long and finally, my mother just told them no more. She wouldn't put me through another operation so the whole issue was put to rest almost ten years ago."

He held her tightly before asking, "Would it be a bad thing if you were pregnant?"

"No!" Helen immediately replied, turning to face him so he could see the sincerity in her eyes. "I would love to give you children. I saw you with your nieces and nephews yesterday and you'll be a wonderful father someday. But you can't rely upon me to give them to you."

He nodded, finally understanding as the final piece of the puzzle fell into place. "Is this the reason you won't marry me? Because you think I only want children?"

"No, that's not the whole reason. I can't marry you because you have to have children. Because you have to pass all this," she said, waving her hands out to encompass everything around them, "on to your children. And I can't give you that."

"And my feelings for you mean nothing?"

"No! I didn't mean that. And I didn't mean for you to feel this way about me," she cried, burying her face in her hands. "Oh! This is all messed up and it's my fault. If only I hadn't agreed to come out to Greece with you, none of this would have happened. I'm so sorry, Dimitri," she sobbed.

Dimitri pulled her back into his arms and held her, letting the tears wet his shirt. "It wouldn't have done any good," he said once her sobbing had subsided somewhat.

"What do you mean?" she hiccupped, accepting the tissue he put in front of her face.

"I mean, I fell in love with you during the interview. So this was just the latest in a series of attempts to get you into my bed and into my life," he explained. "Getting you out of London was only the first step. It would have happened eventually. You blindsided me with your humor and your gentle spirit, all wrapped up in a feisty, sexy package. I was a goner from the beginning," he said.

Helen laughed and cried at the same time. "It won't do any good. I can't be a whole woman for you. You need children."

"Helen, stop right there. If you think for one minute that you're not a whole woman simply because you might have problems conceiving, then I've got news for you. You are so much more of a woman to me than anyone else I've ever met. You're sexy and beautiful, generous and loving. I don't want anyone else. And if that package comes with a few challenges, then we'll face them together."

He waited for her argument but he wasn't sure what she said. She was crying so loudly he could barely understand anything she was saying. He picked her up and carried her back to the sofa.

Maria poked her head into the office and spoke to him, then ducked right back out again.

"What was that?" Helen asked, glancing toward the heavy wooden door that was closed again.

"Helen has explained to our guests that you're not feeling well and they immediately took their leave. But all of them want to hear an update on your condition tomorrow."

Helen nodded and sighed heavily. "I'm sorry. I've messed up your dinner party, your life, your future, everything."

"Stop it. And start telling me about your symptoms. If you're not pregnant, then we need to get you to a doctor to figure out what's going on."

There was another knock on the door. It opened and Helen watched as an ever efficient Marie walked over to them, a red-faced Josef standing at the door. Marie deposited a brown paper bag on the coffee table, then backed out without an explanation.

Helen picked it up and peered in side, gasping when she saw the pregnancy test. "Oh, my!" she said, crushing the paper and tossing it aside.

Dimitri picked it up and pulled out the box. "Helen, why not just try the test? If it comes back negative, then you're seeing a doctor tomorrow. And no matter what the result, we're getting married. I love you and you love me. Together, we'll face whatever happens in the future. Please don't leave me to the mercenary hands of women like Barbara or the others. Because if you don't marry me, I'll go right out tomorrow and propose, just to spite you. And you'll leave me to a loveless, painful marriage to a woman who is only after my money."

Helen allowed the tears to fall, and nodded her head at the end of his speech. "Okay. Deal," she said.

"Good. Now go take the test and let me see the results. I don't trust you to interpret them accurately, given your state of mind."

Helen blushed but took the package to their bedroom, locking herself into the bathroom.

Five minutes later, she screamed and rushed out, flying into Dimitri's arms, crying and laughing at the same time. "I'm pregnant! Oh, Dimitri! I'm pregnant!" she said, showing him the pregnancy test. The blue line was crisp and clear. There was no room for misinterpretation. If the results were negative, then there would be no color at all.

"Marry me!" Dimitri said. "I love you and I'll never accept no, so you're just going to have to change your answer."

"Yes!" she said, thrilled beyond words and happiness swelling her heart so she could barely breathe. "Oh, yes! When?"

"Tomorrow!" he said and covered her mouth with his own.

"Okay," she sighed and floated on a cloud as he carried her to their bed.

Epilogue

Seven months later, Helen sat in the hospital room, overwhelmed with both happiness and fear as her twin babies were nestled beside her. One boy and one girl, both with dark, black hair and blue eyes. She smiled a teary smile as she watched Dimitri walk into the private hospital room, his arms filled with flowers. The nurse taking her blood pressure laughed and offered to get vases for them, then whisked them off, leaving the two of them for some long overdue privacy.

"Alone at last," he said, bending down to kiss her lips. There had been a steady flow of visitors to the hospital as soon as the twins were delivered.

"Silence is golden," she joked, accepting his kiss happily.

"Are they overwhelming you?" he asked when he raised his head. "If they are, I'll tell them they have to stay away."

Helen knew he was referring to his family, all of whom arrived almost constantly throughout the day. Being the oldest of five plus being Greek, there were sisters, brothers in law, cousins, aunts, uncles as well as Sophia and Dimitri coming through to bring presents and delicacies to the new mother.

"Don't you dare," she said, laughing at his concerned expression. "You know I love all of them dearly." Helen had gone from being an only child with her mother to having so many loving, caring people around her and she was adoring every moment of it.

"Okay," he replied, his look telling her he doubted her word. "So how are our children doing today?" he asked, taking one of the little bundles from her arm and kissing his cheek. "Michael is doing extremely well, sleeping throughout the night only to ask for food first thing this morning." Helen explained, filling him in on the details of the night while he was sleeping at home. He hadn't left the hospital until midnight, and it was already six o'clock in the morning, so he hadn't missed much. "It's your daughter that has been the pill," Helen said, but pulled the infant girl closer and kissing her gently on the top of her head. "She's been asking to be fed about every hour."

"But you love it as well, don't you?" he teased.

"Wouldn't trade it for the world," she agreed. "Thank you for our beautiful children."

"With such a beautiful mother, how could we have gone wrong?" He leaned forward and kissed her gently once again, his eyes showing her how much he loved her.

