Chapter 1

Kallista Papadelias shook her head, her eyes wary as she faced this large, intimidating man who was waiting patiently for her answer. "Surely there's an alternative. I really don't want to marry you." She braced herself, her muscles tense and guarded as the powerful man sitting across from her absorbed her rejection. Goose bumps rose up on her arms and she knew that the shiver running through her were due more to the man's darkening eyes than the cold air blowing down from the ceiling's ventilation system. She wrapped her cold, shaking fingers around the coffee cup in front of her, trying to gain some warmth but she was too nervous.

"Have you heard a thing I've said?" Hector Christophe asked digging deeper to find more patience. This woman sitting in front of him was lovely, but he wasn't sure how much was going on inside her pretty head. "Your father's business is in jeopardy. He is going to lose everything if I don't help him. And he won't accept my help because of his pride."

Kallista tried to focus, truly she was, but the way this man was watching her unnerved her, made her stomach quake and her muscles tense. Unfortunately, if his irritated look was any indication, she'd obviously missed something significant during this discussion. "What does me marrying you have to do with that?"

Hector was proud that he didn't grind his teeth in frustration, knowing that would only make her more nervous. "Don't be obtuse, Kallista. You know how our culture works," he replied heartlessly. "If we are married, I would be family. Your father would accept help from a family member. As it stands now, he won't even acknowledge to me that there's a problem. But I can see in his eyes when I try and talk to him about some of the issues I've discovered, and I know that he's fully aware of the dangers to his company and all he's built over the years. He's trying to fix this himself but he doesn't have the resources so he's making a bigger mess of the situation. I'm already working behind the scenes to help, but I need to become more out in the open to deter the takeover."

He watched carefully as the woman with soft blue eyes and pale, porcelain skin listened carefully. She was tall for a woman at five feet, seven inches but he still towered over her and he couldn't help his size. It was scaring her and he shifted to give her more space, but there was only so much he could do. He was six feet, three inches tall which made him loom larger than most of the men she was probably used to.

She smelled good, he thought, then banished that from his mind. Her scent, no matter how lovely, had nothing to do with this conversation. There was a crisis and he could see her occasional shivers so he had to ignore her allure and focus on saving her family's reputation, and her father's company.

Kallista's hands squeezed tightly together under the table. She loved her parents and they'd done so much for her. How could she not do this if it would help them? Hector was right, her father wouldn't accept help from a friend but in her culture, family was not only allowed to help when needed, they were expected to help however possible. Families stuck together, they worked together, lived, laughed, fought and loved together. And when things got tough, they all came together to find a solution to whatever problem was facing them.

Her father, bless his soul, had more pride than sense sometimes, Kallista thought angrily. She pulled the complicated reports and colorful charts closer, trying to understand the immense data this man was attempting to impart to her. "Okay, so please explain all this to me one more time and let me try and absorb the situation. Surly there's a less drastic way to deal with this horrible situation other than the two of us marrying."

Hector sighed and pulled the files together. He'd gone through all the information himself and tried to come up with an alternative but every time he'd approached Demetrius Papadelias with a solution, Kallista's father, the man had simply shut down and changed the subject. Unfortunately, whenever Hector visited his old friend, he saw that the valuable paintings that were slowly leaving the walls of Demetrius' once regal home, he recognized the slow deterioration and the dust intermingled with the missing valuables. Kallista's mother no longer wore even her beautiful engagement ring, which led Hector to suspect that she had sold the ring to try and raise needed money to counter this latest threat to their company.

It wasn't that Kallista's parents were in a bad situation. Hector's information told him that Demetrius Papadelias, and more than five thousand employees, were about to be swindled horribly, the entire company and all of its employees and their families will lose their life savings and their pensions if someone didn't come in and stop this takeover threat. So it wasn't just Demetrius and Kallista's family who needed to be saved. It was the life savings of thousands of innocent families who could be completely destroyed if someone didn't step in and stop the insidious problem this takeover presented.

With a patience Hector didn't realize he had, he straightened and once again went through the data, trying to explain to Kallista Papadelias what had happened and what impact the crisis could mean for everyone involved. "Six months ago, stock in your father's company started getting bought up. The price has remained relatively stable..." he explained, showing Kallista the charts and graphs his staff had generated to explain the takeover attempt. Unfortunately, it wasn't just a takeover. The man who was slowly, secretly buying up stock in her family's business was known for purchasing troubled companies and liquidating everything, sometimes even draining the pension funds if there was a weak pension manager. There were stories that he even denied final paychecks to employees after some sales when he took over a company. The man in charge operated both above and below the law, uncaring if anything he did was legal. Since he'd done this so many times, the man was a relatively wealthy and had a team of unethical lawyers who sometimes provided bogus cover or slammed the opposition with inane but expensive litigation to protect him from any repercussions.

Kallista rubbed her forehead, a headache forming as she tried to understand all this data. "Who is this man that is doing all of this and how can he operate in this nasty manner?" she asked, going cross eyed from all of the financial information. She didn't understand most of it but didn't want to admit that to Hector Christophe who was reportedly a financial genius. She might have joked that he thought he controlled the world to her parents one evening, but the reality was that his holdings internationally were so broad, so far flung, that the man really might control the world. Or at least a very large part of it. He was so powerful, she still didn't understand why Hector and her family were friends. Although he'd always come by her parents' house when he was in town, she'd never really understood the friendship Hector had with her father.

Kallista had avoided this intimidating whenever possible, but was polite when her parents insisted that she be present for the occasional dinners when Hector was in town and had time for a meal at her parents' house. It wasn't that her parents were poor. They were definitely what most people considered wealthy. Even the elite, some might say. But they weren't even close to the stratosphere where Hector reigned. He was the top dog in a pack of some of the most powerful men in the world. And he'd done it all from nothing, according to the vague news reports that had come out over the years.

As a reporter, she was fascinated by his incredible rise to power. Her mind might not be able to absorb the technical financial issues he was explaining, but she had a great mind for digging into an issue and finding the story. Her fingers were itching to write up her impressions of the man, ask him questions and interview him for an article. Maybe, after this latest investigation she was working on, she might tackle the great and famous Hector Christophe and see if she could discover how he'd really made his first million. Or all the subsequent billions, she thought with irritation. The man had never granted an interview with any reporter, so he was a mystery she would enjoy tackling.

One challenge at a time, she admonished herself and re-focused on the spreadsheets in front of her, not daring to look up at the man in front of her because, each time she did, she lost her train of thought. Those intense, grey eyes didn't relent as he tried to make her understand. There was so much more behind those eyes, something she didn't understand, something shocking in a way she didn't comprehend and yet, the feeling was still somehow alluring and tempting.

"Everything ties back to this man," Hector was saying and he pushed the grainy picture of a thin man with a Roman looking nose and receding hairline closer to her. "Somehow, your father and he met and they started investing together. It's from that moment that your father's business started to decline."

Kallista smothered the gasp of horror as she stared down at the man in the picture. He was the man she was currently investigating! She had a whole story surrounding this man who she suspected was controlling drug distribution at many of the ports along the Greek coastline.

And what was worse, Kallista had introduced her father to this man! It had been an accidental meeting about seven months ago. She and the man in the picture named Rolf Peterson were having coffee one afternoon. Kallista had pretended to run into him one day and she'd "accidentally" dropped the contents of her bag on the sidewalk in an effort to gain his attention. Acting like a flighty klutz with her short skirt and high heels, she'd gotten Rolf to suggest coffee, which was exactly the opening for which she'd been aiming. It was a horrible coincidence that her father had run into her that day. There had been nothing she could do but invite her father to join them for coffee and introduce him to Rolf.

Her father hadn't stayed long, but it must have been long enough for Rolf to get an idea on how to infiltrate her father's company. Her father hadn't told her that he'd contacted, or been contacted by, the man she'd introduced to him that day.

So this whole business was her fault? She'd done this to her family?

She stared at Hector's face as he continued to explain but she didn't hear the words any longer. She was trying to figure out an alternative, not wanting to sacrifice her life by marrying a man as cold, frightening and unfeeling as Hector Christophe. She reacted to this man in an elemental way that, in her mind, was shockingly unsuitable. Her stomach muscles tightened as his male scent drifted to her nostrils, making her head swim in an inappropriate way.

He wasn't handsome, but she had to admit that there was a certain bold, earthy appeal to the man. He was extremely tall and he definitely had a good tailor because his shoulders looked very broad and muscular. Good padding, she thought.

His eyes were grey and sharp, intelligent was the best she could describe if she were being generous. But she didn't want to marry a man like that. She wanted a man who was warm and comforting, someone she could cry to when she needed help or who would listen when she was stuck on a problem. She was fairly certain that Hector Christophe wouldn't listen. He'd just fix everything and tell her in a patronizing tone that she was a good girl for coming to him with the problem, then carry on with his own business issues.

Kallista put her hand over the pile of papers, stopping him from continuing. She had no idea what he was saying, nor would she even if he tried to patiently explain it all over again. Her mind was too consumed with the fact that, at the bottom of all of this, she'd started the ball rolling. If she could stop it simply by marrying Hector and saving her father's pride, she had to do it.

"I'll marry you," she said softly, looking away and trying to hide her tears and confusion. Wasn't she a good daughter? Hadn't she been raised to think of marriage as a union between two people who loved and respected one another? So why was she entering into this marriage with cold deliberation? And, if she were completely honest with herself, secret admiration for a man she didn't understand.

Hector looked at the lovely woman with the soft hair and blue, alluring eyes. He wanted to pull her into his arms and tell her that everything would be okay, that he would fix this problem and maybe they could be happy. But he wasn't sure he could do that. He could definitely fix the problem with her father, but there was so much more to happiness and he couldn't promise her that. Not with his history.

As an orphaned child, left on the streets to rob and steal, to scrounge in the garbage and gutters for food, he knew that happiness was elusive. If it weren't for Kallista's father, he might still be in the gutters. The day Hector had tried to steal from Demetrius, and been caught, had been the day his life had become worth something. Demetrius hadn't allowed the police to take him. Instead, the kind man had brought him to a restaurant and fed him. He'd been kind, patient, ignoring the shifting eyes of a young boy who was looking for his next victim and told that young boy that he was better than this. That he could be so much more if he wanted.

Demetrius had saved Hector's life and now the tables were turned. There was no way he would allow Demetrius, nor the other employees of his company, to fall victim to Rolf Peterson's activities. Having lived the life of a gutter rat, Hector knew how to play with the worst of them. He'd never break the law again. That would be letting down the man who had given him so much. But Hector had quickly learned how to use the laws to his advantage.

As he watched Kallista's gentle features, he knew instinctively that he wanted to protect her again. So many evenings he'd sat across the table from her at her parents' house, watching her, knowing that she was out of his league, that she was too good for him. He'd honestly tried to come up with an alternative, but when it came down to it, marriage to her was the best he could do and would allow him to move in quickly and fight Peterson with everything in his arsenal.

With a stern nod, he stood up. "I'll stop by your house tonight and we'll tell your parents the news."

Kallista also stood and followed him, trying to get her mind to focus but she wasn't sure that was possible anymore. This had been a crazy morning and she was off kilter, needing some way to ground herself. The thought occurred to her that his shoulders were definitely wide enough and strong enough to give her a place to cry out her fears. But she squashed that thought, knowing that Hector Christophe was not the kind of man who would endure tears with fortitude. "I'll meet you there then."

"What do you mean?" he asked, his hand resting on the door to his office but not opening it.

"I have my own place," she said, staring at the center of his red silk tie, unable to look him in the eye.

"Why aren't you living with your parents?"

She laughed softly, even though his comment wasn't the least bit amusing. "Why don't you live with your parents?" she asked softly. When she received no response, she took that to mean that she'd explained her point. "Everyone needs their own space. I grew up and thought it was time to stand on my own. I've had my own apartment ever since I finished college."

Since there were double doors, she reached out for the knob of the other door and pulled it open, walking out without bothering to say goodbye, leaving him with a small smile which she hoped conveyed her thanks, but she suspected that it might just give him a hint as to how frightened she was in his presence.

At the elevator, she pressed the button and thought about all she'd just committed herself to. Would her parents even approve of the marriage? She wasn't sure she could hide her fear for hector from them. He was so different from the other men she'd dated, surely they would see through the lie and call her on it.

Maybe if they did that, she could then sit down with them, explain Hector's offer of help and they would finally accept it. That would get her out of a marriage that she just couldn't endure, wouldn't it?

Yes, her parents would see through the lie. They would sense her frustration and she could convince them. Wasn't her whole world all about convincing people through words? As a journalist, she knew that finding the right story to tell was only part of the question. Telling the story so everyone could understand and absorb the information, that was the other half of the challenge.

Right now, she was working on a huge story, one that could catapult her into another realm of journalism and she wasn't about to let it go just to marry a man who was the equivalent of a terrifying, unfeeling cold fish. Albeit a tall fish, she thought with a chuckle. And an extremely handsome one. No chuckle this time as her body shivered with the memory of his strong, elegant hands.

Out in the street and back in the sunshine, she felt enormously better. With Hector's generous help, she could get her parents through this crisis and they would be stronger for it. She wouldn't have to sacrifice her life or her career for the problem and she might even get additional information about the subject of her investigation from Hector once they'd resolved the corporate crisis.

Chapter 2

"You're getting married?" Aella Papadelias, Kallista's mother, asked with an incredulous expression. Her hands covered her mouth and she turned to her father. "They're getting married!" she whispered reverently. "Oh, dear, they're getting married."

Kallista watched with a sinking heart as her mother and father looked at each other, the relief in both their expressions and their shoulders, in fact, their whole bodies, was evident.

Aella stood up and rushed to her daughter. "Oh, Kallista! You have no idea how happy this has made me and your papa."

Kallista hugged her mother, looking over her shoulder at Hector who was standing stoically beside the sofa. It was as if he were aloof, not willing to be a part of their small family.

Or maybe he didn't think he belonged. Where that thought came from she didn't know. Hector had a way of belonging anywhere he went, she thought as she accepted her father's hug as well. Hector had enough power to crush anyone who made him feel like an outsider, even if their exclusion was accidental, so people went out of their way to make him feel welcome.

So why did she get the sense that he was feeling like an outcast?

Kallista didn't like thinking of Hector as vulnerable. It made him human, gave him feelings and she preferred thinking of him as a robot, unfeeling and invulnerable to the lesser human emotions others had to deal with. But something about his face, the way he refused to allow any emotions to cross his rough features, told her that there was something more to him than she realized.

Her mother sensed Hector behind her as well and she rushed over, taking his face between her hands and bringing him down for a motherly kiss. "I'm very honored to have you as a son in law," she said with a great deal of emotion, tears forming on her eyes as she looked up at him with pride.

Hector was uncomfortable with her praise. He wanted to step out, to let the three of them celebrate this event on their own without his interference, but Aella wouldn't let him even step back. She looped her arm through his, giving him another hug and making him brace himself to resist the warmth she was showing him.

Her father also came over, shaking Hector's hand and bringing him over to the sofa so they were all once again sitting down. Hector wanted to pull the man aside and apologize for even considering marrying his daughter, to explain that he knew that he was unworthy of such an honor and he would treat her with the care and respect she deserved. But Demetrius was too vociferous in his congratulations and there wasn't a point in the conversation where Hector could pull him aside. He was being dragged into this, even though his inclusion was wrong on so many levels.

Demetrius looked over at the two of them, his eyes alight with relief and excitement. "How did all this happen? I didn't even know you two were dating?"

Kallista cringed inside and looked to Hector for help. "We haven't really been dating so much as just seeing each other," he explained carefully. "And the idea of marriage came up pretty suddenly."

Kallista wanted to laugh at how accurate that statement truly was, to applaud his use of half truths so that they weren't lying to her parents, but still protecting them from the cold reality of their relationship. Since she and Hector had just discussed marriage this afternoon, and they honestly only saw each other at some social functions even though they rarely spoke, there was no untruth to that statement at all. It was a wonderful twist on reality that made a good fairy tale, something for her parents to hang onto.

Dinner that night was festive for her parents, and Kallista tried to at least pretend to be in the mood, but she was tense and worried. Her plan to try and talk with her parents was slowly disintegrating as the night progressed and they became happier, more relieved. She knew she couldn't back out of this now. She'd have to help them out and if that meant marrying a man she didn't know or love, she'd do it.

Looking at Hector across the table, she considered his profile as he talked with her mother. He definitely wasn't bad looking. He wasn't traditionally handsome but there was a definite ruggedness that could be appealing. He certainly had strong features. And he was so intelligent that it was downright scary.

And the marriage didn't have to be real. Hector probably didn't think of it as a real proposal, but something he was doing out of respect for her parents, right? They could end the marriage once he'd done whatever it was he needed to do to help her father's ailing company.

Or was he the kind of man who thought of marriage as a forever kind of contract? He was reputed in the business world to be brutal, but also respected and honorable. One didn't gain that reputation without a great deal of experience behind it.

No way, she thought. Although she didn't know much about the man, she knew that he regularly escorted fabulously glamorous women to functions all over the world. He'd reputedly had an affair with one of the biggest Hollywood actresses, and several models, even a ballerina. She doubted he was the kind of man who would want `to be stuck with one female for the rest of his life. Especially a female like herself who had no glamour, no fabulous career and minimal connections that could assist him in his business dealings.

"So when were you planning to have the wedding? Any ideas on what time of the year? Perhaps a spring or fall wedding?" Aella was asking, looking to Kallista hopefully.

"Soon," Hector announced before Kallista could reply. Which was probably a good thing because she might have said something like "A year or so," instead of the ambiguous "Soon".

Her mother beamed and sat up a bit straighter in her chair. "I'll have to organize an engagement party. Between the two of us, we can get that done in the next month or so, can't we Kallista?"

"We'll be married in two weeks," Hector announced with his deep, strong voice, surprising the whole group. "And Kallista has asked if we can have the engagement party at my house because she likes my backyard so much. I know that's an imposition to ask, but I hope that's okay."

Aella was startled at first, but Kallista again saw that flash of relief in her mother's eyes and her heart sank even lower, both at how oblivious she had become to her parents' troubles as well as the trap that that was slowly closing around her future.

"Oh, goodness, how could I mind? Your backyard is exceptionally beautiful with all of that magnificent landscaping and stunning views of both the city and the sea." She turned to Kallista and smiled, "It was very nice of you to think of something like that. It shows that you have a good eye for entertaining which will be important for your new role as Hector's wife."

And that was something Kallista hadn't realized would be on her plate of responsibilities. A new issue to worry about, she thought as her mother started listing all the things they would have to arrange for an engagement party.

Her mother was eager, excited and deliriously happy while her father simply looked on with pride and acceptance for whatever his wife decreed.

Hector saw where things were going and stepped in to circumvent any delays. "We'll have the engagement party next week, and the wedding the following week. I know that's not very conventional, but we'll just have to insult some people's sense of protocol since I want the wedding to take place sooner rather than later."

Aella's hand quickly went to her throat. "Is there a reason the wedding needs to happen so soon?" she asked, looking worriedly from Kallista to Hector.

Kallista was quick to understand her meaning and pretended like her face wasn't flaming with color. "Of course not!" she replied emphatically. She was blushing painfully and couldn't look across the table, not wanting to see the derision on Hector's features. "Goodness, I would tell you if that were the case."

"So what's the rush?"

"I have business in New York and London in the next few weeks so I wanted to announce the engagement officially as soon as possible so Kallista can accompany me. I wouldn't want her reputation to be hurt by attending these functions without my ring on her finger. And I wanted to give you time to make the announcement instead of the press seeing us together and making suppositions on their own." He was speaking to her parents, but Kallista knew that the words were soothing to her parents as well, and would allow them to save face with their friends and neighbors. And when she didn't show up pregnant so soon after the wedding, their suspicions would be dismissed.

The relief and acceptance on her mother's face was instant and Kallista relaxed. At least until her next words. "Goodness! If we have a party to organize in a week, Kallista, you and I have a lot we need to get done. No more running around with all your friends for a while, eh?"

Her mother and father knew she worked, even to the point of accepting her choice of professions, but they thought she only did entertainment pieces or reported on social issues. "I suppose you're right," she said, looking at her water glass, her heart sinking as she tried to figure out how she was going to investigate her story when she had to help her mother plan what was probably going to be a huge bash. Something her parents couldn't afford.

Hector immediately stepped in, once again to the rescue. "I have a caterer I use for business functions that is able to get food ready quickly. They do an excellent job too. I'll have my secretary send over the name and contact information."

Kallista suddenly realized what he was doing. By having the party in his backyard, and using his caterer, he was arranging it so that he paid for most of the party. With gratitude, she looked across at him, smiling her thanks. He nodded slightly, acknowledging her thanks without letting her parents see their silent interchange.

After dinner, Hector apologized and said he had some business calls to make. "Would you walk me out?" he asked, turning to Kallista.

She stood up immediately and ignored her parents knowing smile. Walking Hector to the door was a very odd sensation. He was so tall that her head barely topped his shoulder even in her heels. And he seemed larger, broader for some reason tonight.

Maybe she was just tired but she wanted the evening to be over so she could collapse and let her mind sift through the events of the day, try to make sense of everything.

"You did well tonight," he said and looked down at her in the dim light of the foyer. He slid his hands into the pockets of his slacks so he wouldn't touch her, wouldn't be tempted to find out what the skin on her cheeks felt like or test the softness of her silky brown tresses. "You're parents are happy and relieved."

Kallista forced a smile on her face and hid her hands behind her back. She wished she could get over this silly feeling she had every time he was close but her knees were wobbly and her mouth felt dry, her hands were shaky and she had the embarrassing suspicion that he knew she wanted to touch him, to find out what was underneath that immaculate suit he wore. "Yes. Thank you for coming to the rescue. I had no idea that things were as bad as they were, even with all those numbers you were discussing with me earlier today."

"Numbers you completely ignored," he said with a half smile as he looked down at the top of her head.

She laughed and glanced up at him, her blue eyes dancing with acceptance that she'd been caught. "Was it that obvious?"

He chuckled and shifted slightly. "A little."

She grimaced and stole another peek at his dark features. "I never claimed to be a numbers person. I always hated math."

"Don't worry," he said and bowed slightly in a formal, almost old fashioned way. "I can now start the ball rolling to resolve this issue although I doubt your father will allow me to do much until after the wedding. Which is one of the reasons why we need to be married so soon. I'll need to move quickly to reinforce your father's company."

Gone was the fleeting tenderness she thought she saw, and back was the tough, unrelenting businessman. "I understand. I'll do what I can to help."

"You're already doing it," he said and opened the door, nodding to her slightly before he left.

Kallista walked up the stairs to her old room, glad that she still had some clothes here since she didn't have an easy way to get back to her place. She smiled slightly as she wondered if Hector thought it was better for her to be with her parents than at her own place, or if he'd just forgotten that she didn't live here any longer. Good grief, she was twenty-four years old, of course she wouldn't be living with her parents.

She wondered about the odd expression she'd seen on his face when she'd asked about living with his parents. Had she seen a flash of pain? Or was that just male dominance? Or perhaps he thought there was a difference between men and women. Maybe he thought that women should either live with their parents or their husbands, never alone or without male supervision because they were inferior, stupid, and needed male guidance.

She didn't think that was the case. He didn't strike her as misogynistic. Arrogant, opinionated, exceptionally intelligent and perhaps more than a bit domineering. Not a woman hater, though.

As she got ready for bed that night, she smiled at how thoughtful it was that Hector had realized her parents wouldn't be able to pay for an engagement party, much less the lavish one they'd like to give for their only child. He really was a nice man, she thought.

If only she could understand him!

Chapter 3

Seven days later, Kallista walked into Hector's house and was stunned by both the size and the beauty of the edifice. It was definitely in the Greek style with the columns and the marble, making the areas feel cool and taking advantage of any breezes coming off the sea. But it was so large, she actually got lost trying to find her way back to the living room from the suite Hector had showed her to in order to get ready for the party. A servant had given her directions, but there were so many twists and turns trying to come back that she had no idea whether to turn right or left.

Turning right took her to the kitchen which meant she was close, but by that time, she was so confused she couldn't figure out how to get back and had to ask one of the kitchen staff where to go. She felt guilty disturbing the workers as they were all bustling about, trying to finalize the immense platters filled with delicious smelling appetizers, but there was no other way to find the correct room.

Hector had sent over a credit card to her parents' house and she wanted to return it to him before the party. And she had to admit that there was a small part of her that wanted him to see her in her new dress. She'd selected it with him in mind, hoping he might like it. The silver lace bodice deliciously hugged her figure from her neck to her waist, then flared out to end about midway down her thighs. She loved her legs and worked hard to stay in shape by running at least five miles a day, pushing herself up hills and loving the challenge of beating her previous run time. The hem of the dress ended with enough expanse of leg to show off her muscles, making all the pain of those hills worthwhile.

The shining dress with her silver shoes made her feel pretty and sexy and she really wanted to impress Hector since he was doing so many nice things for her parents. She also wanted to show him that she wouldn't embarrass him as his wife, if it came to that.

When she finally reached the living room where bartenders were setting up at opposite ends of the room, the man she was looking for was nowhere to be seen. A servant mentioned that he was still in his office working and Kallista frowned, wondering if this party was a burden to his schedule.

Everyone was rushing about, trying to get things prepared for the party. The caterer was cooking frantically, flowers adorned just about every flat surface and there were valets, cleaners, someone to handle coats and so many men around that looked like security but surely that was unnecessary, wasn't it? It was just a party and the number of security personnel seemed a bit out of control.

Maybe they weren't security. Perhaps they were just extra helpers for the catering staff, she reasoned.

When she found Hector's office, she knocked gently, and pushed the door open, forcing a smile on her face even though she was completely intimidated by the large room with the masculine, dark furniture and a scowling Hector behind the desk. She peered inside, wondering if she might be interrupting a business meeting but when she saw him alone, she pushed the door wider and stepped inside.

"I'm sorry, I hope I'm not interrupting anything but I wanted to say hello before the guests started arriving."

Hector watched with growing need as Kallista walked into his private office. He had to smother a groan as he noticed her dress. The damn thing fit her like a glove and he could see her figure with her perfect breasts that his hands instantly wanted to caress, and her tiny waist all encased in glowing silver fabric. And good grief, he'd never known any woman to have legs like that! The hem of her dress stopped at mid-thigh and all there was after that was glowing skin until his eyes reached those spiky heels.

Instantly his mind pictured her on his desk with her legs wrapped around his waist, peeling down the zipper to that dress and comparing what was underneath that bodice, to see if the reality compared to the way the dress lifted her breasts, enticing and daring. He dared, all right!

Dammit he didn't want to be enticed by this woman! He knew that she wasn't attracted to him and it was going to drive him crazy to feel this way when she wanted nothing to do with him. Hell, she probably had a boyfriend on the side. Initially, he'd told himself he didn't care, that he was doing this as a favor to a friend and a man he respected. He also knew that Kallista would be a good wife, since she'd been raised in Greek society, knew what to expect and how to comport herself appropriately. She was beautiful and he'd spoken to her often enough over the past few days to know that she was intelligent so their children would be healthy and smart.

But after each meeting with her, he found himself wanting to pull her into his arms and kiss her. She'd started appearing in his dreams at night, erotic dreams that woke him in the middle of the night, his body hard and aching, something only a painfully cold shower could alleviate.

So now, seeing her like this, about as close to the perfect mate as he could ever want and he wasn't sure if he wanted to lay her down on his desk and make love to her or if he just wanted to let his fingers slide through her silky hair, to feel those tresses against his body....

Hell, he was already aroused and she was barely halfway across his office floor. "What is it?" he asked, clearing his throat and shifting his eyes back down to the contract he was reviewing. He couldn't look at her any longer since his body was already reacting to her image, his mind conjuring up all sorts of things he wanted to do to her, with her. All of them ending with her screaming out his name as he brought her to a climax that obliterated all the men who had come before him.

Kallista stopped and hesitated. Had she done something wrong? Should she not have interrupted? Why did he sound so grouchy?

Her spine stiffened and she marched the rest of the way over to his desk, snapping the plastic card down on the dark wood. "I don't need this," she spat out. She'd intended to thank him for his generosity and thoughtfulness, but explain that she had a job and would be able to take care of her own fashion expenses. But his tone, and the angry expression in his eyes made her defensive and shaky. Which came across as angry.

His eyes didn't even look down, knowing that she'd tossed his credit card back at him, figuratively at least. The idea that she was rejecting his money, the one thing he could give her without hesitation, infuriated him. He didn't want anyone else giving her anything. The woman was marrying him, she was his! He wanted to dress her. He wanted to drape her in jewels and show her that he could be worthy of her. With flashing eyes that hid his jealousy, he stood up and pushed the card back across the desk towards her. "Yes you will. I have several events where I'll need your presence as both my fiancee and my wife. Your parents can't afford to keep dressing you and there's no way I'll let you wear anything your previous boyfriends have paid for. As your husband, I can and will provide for you."

She couldn't believe he was bringing up her lack of boyfriends at a time like this. She knew she was a bit of an introvert and had more than her share of ambition. So what if it meant she hadn't dated many other men? She didn't feel like she'd lost out on anything important. "I'm fully capable of dressing myself," she snapped and spun around on her heel.

Hector almost groaned as he watched her walk out, wanting to call her back and apologize, to explain that she would need so many more clothes than she was used to, and he wanted to assure her that he could dress her in the finest, whatever she wanted.

But as his body reacted to even her retreat, his eyes drawn to her legs and that gorgeous hair that flowed down over her shoulders like a silken waterfall, he knew it was better to let her go and allow his body to get back under his mind's control before the guests started arriving. If he thought she was mad now only because he'd been gruff, he couldn't imagine her fury if he greeted her friends and neighbors with his body in this kind of condition. That kind of embarrassment she didn't deserve.

Four hours later, he was no longer aroused, but he was intensely furious and the effect was the same. As he watched his fiancee flit from group to group, laughing and talking, doing an excellent job of ensuring that everyone was having a good time, had a drink in their hands and no one was left alone...in other words, acting like the perfect hostess, he should have been proud. Instead, he wanted to...okay, do the exact same thing he'd wanted to do when she was in his office. He could add in to the scenario tossing her over his shoulder and carrying her into his office before laying her down on his desk and making love to her until she was screaming out his name.

This was more of a branding issue though. No denying the need that was pounding through him but he also wanted to claim that woman as his own. He wanted to put his stamp on her, to brand her with his touch and his kiss, to know every part of her and for her to know that she was his. She flirted with every man in the room, no matter the age or marital status. She did it in such a fashion that even the women weren't offended, which should be a good thing, he told himself. Kallista definitely knew how to work a crowd, how to make everyone feel welcome and comfortable.

But she avoided him like he was some sort of leper!

This was their engagement party, dammit! She should be by his side! Her mother should be working the crowd and Kallista should be enjoying the congratulations being poured on her by the guests at her luck for the privilege of marrying him.

Hell, he didn't even care if others congratulated her or if they completely ignored her. Okay, so maybe he'd prefer it if they ignored her. He wanted her! He wanted her flirtations, the wicked gleam in her eye just before she gave off one of those conversational zingers that made whatever group was listening burst out in laughter.

He also wanted her soft, tender hands on him just like she touched the other guests. They'd had two short conversations in the past week and his lovely Kallista hadn't touched him once. Not even a handshake, he realized. In fact, she ensured that she was always several feet away from him, so she wasn't even within arms distance of him.

No matter where he was in the room, she continuously managed to be on the opposite side, maneuvering carefully so she was out of his range.

It was well past the point when their engagement should be announced, he told himself. He looked around for Demetrius and caught his eye, nodding to indicate that it was time. Demetrius happily nodded back and quickly found his wife, whispered something in her ear and the two of them grinned excitedly as they moved to the edge of the crowd to make the announcement.

Kallista saw the interaction and her whole body tensed. She wanted to scream out, to stop them. To tell them she'd changed her mind. There was no way she could marry a man as mean and angry as Hector Christophe! He was moody and grouchy and at this moment, she actually hated him. She'd tried so hard to impress him. First with her pretty dress, and then with her hostessing skills. She was exhausted trying to show him how well she could do this kind of thing and he never said a word! He stayed on the opposite side of the room, never even glancing in her direction. She knew because she kept looking for him, needing to know where he was and ensure that he had a drink and that he was in a group, feeling included.

Why had she thought he'd felt like an outsider last week at her parents' house? The man had people fawning over him. It was almost embarrassing how many people were trying to get his attention and lure him into their group for just a few moments so they could bathe in the reflected glow of his glorious presence.

So much for protecting him, she thought with disgust. That man didn't need any help from her and she'd been silly to think she could ever do anything for him.

The damn man had tens of thousands of people working for him in so many countries she couldn't even list them. Didn't he know that even lowly employees like fiancees and wives needed just a little bit of encouragement? She wanted to hit him, to rail against how horrible he was. She definitely didn't want to announce that she would be tied to this man for the rest of her life, to a life of misery and loneliness.

But looking at her parents, she couldn't say a word. Her mother had actually gained back a bit of weight and was looking wonderfully healthy. Her father's color was no longer pallid and he looked excited, better than he had in months.

And she noticed her mother's engagement ring! Good grief, she hadn't realized that it had been missing but now, seeing her raise her glass and the diamonds sparkled in the light, Kallista wondered if her mother had pawned the ring to raise money for her father's company, or if she'd just lost it.

The missing paintings in the house were back, she knew, so the odds were that her mother hadn't lost that precious ring.

As Hector approached, she resigned herself to this fate once again.

She shivered as Hector took her hand in his large, warm one and she was so surprised by the spark of electricity, not of any kind of static charge, but of the way his touch made her feel, it so surprised her that she almost yanked her hand back. Scared of the touch, wanting to cringe away from it because she didn't understand it, she looked up at him, startled and anxious.

Hector felt her resistance and became even more furious. For the past several hours, all he'd wanted to do was make love to this woman and here she was, cringing at his touch.

"Can I have your attention everyone?" her father was saying to the crowd.

Kallista's heart wrenched as she watched her parents. They were so excited, so proud and she bowed her head in confusion. And even embarrassment. That spark had done something to her. Below the fear, there was a desire to touch him again. She'd never wanted to touch a man like this, she thought. She turned to him, trying to smile at him as her parents announced that they would be married. Far away, Kallista heard the crowd break out in applause and excitement, but she couldn't really hear them as her blood roared through her system. As her eyes looked up at Hector, she was pleading with him for help. He was so strong, surely he would be able to explain this phenomenon to her.

But he was back to his angry persona and she tried hard to hide the hurt and confusion. When he took her hand, she felt something roughly slide onto her finger and when she looked down, a stunningly beautiful diamond ring was shining on her finger. It was so lovely, she looked back up at him, wanting to thank him. A tear started to fall and she blinked it back, embarrassed over so much emotion about a silly ring. But it really was a gorgeous ring. She would have expected something huge and ostentatious from him. Something that would be an example of his wealth and power. But this was perfect, a square cut diamond, probably about two carrots with no other embellishment. Just perfect clarity, and lots of sparkles. She would honestly be proud to wear this ring and her fingers closed around the metal as if to ensure its safety and show him she would care for his beautiful gift.

Hector saw the tears and stiffened, furious that she would dare to cry at a moment like this. He was doing everything in his power to save her father's damn company, to save thousands of jobs that were in dire risk of being dissolved because of one man's greed and illegal activities. The least she could do was pretend to like the damn thing!

He'd chosen the diamond himself, wanting this to be special. The square cut was elegant and exceptional with perfect fracturing of the light which made him think of her and her brilliant personality.

So much for being sentimental, he thought with disgust for wanting her to like the ring.

And then the crowd pressed forward, everyone wanting to offer congratulations so there was no time to pull her off to the side and give her the stinging words he so desperately needed to deliver to her lovely, tear stained face.

He wouldn't mind spanking her for being so childish and self-centered either. Then cursed as his body reacted to her lying across his lap naked, and there would be no spanking with that scenario. So many other things would take priority and none of those activities involved any kind of castigation.

He had to congratulate himself on his patience. He waited at least an hour before he walked across the room to take her elbow, because of course she still wouldn't stand next to him. As politely as possible, he guided her into the library and closed the door.

With his fury finally unleashed, he turned to face the woman who had been tormenting him for most of the night. "Don't you ever pull away from me again," he snapped and walked towards her, uncaring that her eyes were terrified and she was backing away, doing exactly what he was telling her not to do. His mind was controlled by his body right now, which was still riding on the desire she'd instigated when she'd first walked into his office before the party and had never fully abated. "When I touch you in public, I expect you not only to accept my touch, but to pretend that you like it, that you enjoy it. I'm doing this for your father because he's a good man and because he needs help but I refuse to be publicly humiliated because of my efforts. So figure out how to put on a good facade in front of others and do it fast because I will not endure another scene like the one after I put my ring on your finger."

With that, he turned about and slammed out of the library, uncaring that her face had paled and she was literally shaking with reaction.

Kallista stood there, quivering and horrified that the man had dared to talk to her like that. How dare he make her feel as if she'd done something wrong when all she'd tried to do for the past several hours was make him proud, to ensure that he wouldn't consider their engagement or marriage an embarrassment or burden.

But then his words sunk in and she sat down. Well, she actually fell onto the chair behind her. He thought she had pulled away out of revulsion for his touch, and apparently that had really stung his ego. She wasn't sure if she wanted him to think she'd pulled away, or that he had scared her with his touch. Which would be worse?

She wasn't sure, and at this moment, she didn't know what to tell him. She paced back and forth through the library, wondering what she could have done differently. But her mind wasn't in control when he was near. The man was an intimidating panther, dangerous and terrifying with this crazy power he had over her body and emotions. Surely he realized what he did to her. Or didn't he?

After several minutes, she was able to pull herself together and leave the library to rejoin the party. She saw Hector across the room and she found that she didn't want to hurt him. He was doing so much for her family and if all he wanted was a bit of reassurance that she didn't find his touch revolting, she could definitely do that. He had a few business acquaintances here, but no real friends, which made her heart melt just a bit more for the strong, powerful man. Was he lonely? Didn't he have anyone he could talk to? She had her college friends that she could always turn to, but right now, Sasha was struggling with what to do with her husband and was so out of touch with everyone, she couldn't really burden her with additional problems. And Dana had disappeared off the face of the earth, which was scary enough.

No, this was something she needed to work out on her own. And she could do it too. She just needed to be a bit more sensitive to Hector's feelings. She'd thought he didn't have any, that he was invulnerable. But his fury a few moments ago was real, which made him much more human in her eyes.

As she walked back into the party, she smiled to the guests and continued to act as the hostess, doing her best to make sure everyone was having a good time. But in addition to that, she moved closer to Hector. Every once in a while, she would pass by whatever group he was in and touch his arm or smile at him. She rarely got much of a reaction, but she was doing her best to show that she could do her part as well as prove to him that she wasn't revolted by his touch. She wasn't sure she wanted him to know that it actually had the opposite effect so she worked on hiding her reaction, trying hard not to blush when he looked down at her after each of her passes.

By the end of the night, she was exhausted from the strain of both the party, and trying to figure out this man she was about to marry. It wasn't easy since he was such a mystery and hid so much behind a cool mask of indifference. But she was starting to suspect that there was a great deal more to him than she'd given him credit.

Chapter 4

Hector hesitated in making the call, wondering what kind of reaction Kallista would have to his request. It had to be done though. He was in New York at the moment and there was a basketball game this evening he had to attend. Being there without her, only a day after the announcement of their engagement, would look odd.

The hesitation came from what he might expect from her. After he'd bitten her head off for pulling away from his touch last night, she'd gone out of her way to touch him. They were all casual touches and he was furious that she'd learned a new game. Acting the tease was very effective at paying him back for his outburst. It was a game she knew how to play extremely well. The small touch, the loving glance, the stroke along his back as she passed by him. They were all touches meant to drive him insane with lust and it was working. He never should have yelled at her but he had resisted calling her over to him to apologize. Just as he'd resisted pulling her into a room and making love to her, uncaring of the fact that his house had been filled with her friends and neighbors. Every time she touched him she was paying him back for his words and his body still hadn't calmed down from her torment.

"This is Hector, Kallista. I need you tonight, if you're free."

Kallista was startled by the sound of his voice. She hadn't been expecting anything from him today but he'd been on her mind ever since she woke up. Well, she'd actually dreamt about him with his grey eyes and intensity, all of it focused on her and he was making love to her. She blinked and forced herself back to the present and his request. "Of course. What can I do to help?"

"I'm in New York and I have to attend a game tonight. I need you by my side if you don't mind. I have a plane standing by but if you have something more important, I'll make your excuses."

Kallista bit her lip and tried to figure out what he wanted from her. Was he telling her she didn't need to attend? Was he only being polite? She stared at the picture on her computer screen and tried to tamp down the jealousy she was feeling at the image looking back at her. It was showing an image of Hector at various functions, all of which he had some gorgeous woman on his arm. Each one was more beautiful than the last and all were hanging onto his arm or leaning against him as if they owned him. She hated the jealousy she was feeling, but it couldn't be ignored. If she didn't go to this function, would he find another woman? Would this unknown female be draping her lovely figure all over his tall frame and staring up at him like he was her next delicious dessert?

For some reason, she didn't like that at all. Taking a deep breath, she accepted his invitation, too afraid not to. "I'll be there. Is there anything special I should wear?"

Hector pictured her as she was last night, all glitz and softness with her long, sexy legs looking like every man's dream and he sighed warily. "It's a basketball game, Kallista. You can wear whatever you want."

Since Kallista had never attended a basketball game, nor had she ever watched one, she had no idea what was appropriate. "Okay. I'll see you in New York."

"Fine," he snapped and hung up without a goodbye or even a thank you. She was tempted to call him back and cancel since he was obviously still in a snit about something, but the images on her screen caught her eye again and she just wouldn't allow him to cheat on her, even if they weren't actually married yet.

She looked up basketball games on the computer and surveyed the crowd. Most of them were wearing jeans and some sort of sweater so she pulled on her favorite pair of jeans, a pair of leather boots that came up to her knees and made her legs look long and slender, then added a soft, purple turtleneck with small, dangly silver earrings. She felt pretty and hoped she did a good job of fitting in with the crowd. She took out a small bag and added a few other outfits, not sure how long he intended to stay in New York or if he even wanted her to stay with him. She just wanted to be prepared for any situation.

A driver arrived at her place to pick her up and she was driven right out to the waiting plane. The flight was faster than normal and she landed in New York by early evening. Apparently Hector maintained a penthouse in New York that he used whenever he was in town which was just as fabulous as his Athens household. In the back of her mind, she wondered how many places he owned but mostly she was too nervous about seeing him again after the engagement party. He hadn't spoken to her as she'd left, focusing all of his comments towards her parents. She'd felt hurt after all of her efforts, but had resolved that she just needed time to understand him better.

Tonight, she'd do a better job of trying to get to know him. Basketball game or dinner, she'd do her best to get him to like her, to not be nasty to her.

"Ready?" he asked as soon as he walked in. She'd just arrived and was standing in the middle of his living room, looking confused and more than a little awed by the sight. She was used to wealth, but Hector really wasn't in her league. As she turned in a full circle, she was stunned at the glorious view of the city. The decor was much more modern here, but everything still looked comfortable and livable. Looking at the cream colored sofas with their straight backs, they could be stiff, but there were enough chocolate pillows with various textures to prop up one's body and....well, curl up next to a tall, attractive man while sipping a glass of wine in front of the massive fireplace on that far wall, she thought dreamily.

"I guess so. Is the game starting already?"

"No, we're going to dinner with some business associates." He was wearing a suit and tie and she looked at him nervously. "Should I change into something more formal?"

He looked over at her and finally noticed what she was wearing. With grim determination, he pulled his eyes away from her lush figure underneath that soft, fuzzy purple sweater. Damn her for wearing those boots! What was she trying to do to him? He was already losing sleep because he wanted to bed her with an intensity that was driving him nuts. And now she showed up in a soft sweater and boots. This was just more punishment for last night, he thought. He wouldn't let her know how she was getting to him, he told himself. God help him if she ever found out how effective her retribution had become.

"No. You're fine. I'll go change." He disappeared down a hallway, leaving Kallista feeling more than a little lost. She'd done something wrong yet again but had no idea what had prompted this anger. All she'd done was fly halfway around the world to meet him at his request and now he was irritated for some mysterious reason. She was starting to think that perhaps grouchy was just his normal mood.

Maybe she should stop trying so hard to please him? Perhaps approval from Hector was a bit like finding a unicorn, existing only in one's imagination.

He returned a few minutes later in a pair of flat front khaki slacks and a dark sweater. As she watched him approach, instantly her mouth went dry and she was more than a little flustered. She'd thought the man looked good in a suit and she'd only assumed that his jackets were padded. But now, seeing him in a light sweater, she could see the muscles in his arms bulging against the material and his hair glistened from a quick shower. As he approached, she noticed that he smelled divine! Whatever aftershave he used, she'd like to have some herself, just to put in various places to remind her of....what was she thinking? She already had enough trouble trying to keep him out of her dreams and here she was, coming up with ways to keep the mercurial man on her mind?

"What?" he asked as he flipped through some papers before tossing them onto a desk. "Are you ready?"

Kallista pulled her eyes away and took a deep breath. "Yes. I guess I am."

Dinner was entertaining since it was with several other couples that would be attending the game as well tonight. She laughed with the other wives who greeted her as if she were an old friend, instantly bringing her to their side of the table so they could give her marriage advice and how to deal with megalomaniacs, which all the men were tagged for the night. The men, on the other hand, were drinking bourbon and smoking cigars, slapping each other on the backs and taking bets in figures that made Kallista's eyes widen at the large sums being tossed around. Overall, the trash talking was amusing and Kallista was amazed to see a new side to Hector, one that showed him as one of the guys, a leader of the pack actually. These men were friends, she thought, instead of just business acquaintances and she smiled inwardly, happy to know that Hector had others that cared about him.

Traveling through New York was painfully slow but at the massive New York stadium, they were escorted by security through several underground tunnels that led out right to courtside seats. Even Kallista knew that these seats were pretty impressive but she expected nothing less than that from Hector. She couldn't imagine him doing anything halfway.

"How did you get these kinds of seats?" she asked as she settled down and started looking for the agenda for the night. When she found nothing to tell her what would happen, she sat back and pretended to understand her surroundings and what was happening on the court.

"I own the team," he replied and stepped away to greet someone who was coming to shake his hand.

He said that so casually, as if it should have been assumed that he owned the team. She supposed that traveling with Hector, one could basically assume that he owned wherever they were going. Wealth of that magnitude was hard to comprehend but she supposed she should get used to it, even though she still didn't want him buying everything for her.

As the crowd started to find their seats, beer acquired and the pre-game announcements finalized, the crowd started to become more energized. Kallista sighed and settled in to her seat, wondering what all the fuss was about. It wasn't like this was soccer, she thought to herself. It was just a basketball game.

As the players came onto the court, she felt herself move to the edge of her seat, the excitement contagious. With the tipoff, Kallista was rooting for Hector's team. "I'm guessing they are trying to get the ball into one of those hoops, right? Sort of a bit opposite of the Mayan's ball court games, right?"

Hector looked down at her, surprised that she would make that comparison. "I guess so." Trust her to come up with something esoteric and assume it was common knowledge. He loved history and knew about the Mayan sports. And a part of him felt honored that she'd simply assumed he could relate.

"Except no one loses their head, right?"

He laughed and agreed with her. "Correct. No one loses their head, at least not literally." He glanced behind him, then leaned down and said, "Some of the fans can get a little out of control so follow my lead if I start heading out."

"Will do. So what are the rules?" she asked and her eyes followed the players as they moved the ball down the court one way, then bit her lip anxiously when the opposing team snagged the ball and headed in the opposite direction. "Our team isn't supposed to let that happen, am I correct?"

At her interest, Hector relented and started explaining what was happening on the court. She seemed genuinely excited and at least she was cheering for the right team. With each play, he leaned towards her and explained the strategy and as she gained knowledge, her enthusiasm increased.

Unfortunately, as her enthusiasm grew, her touches on his arm or leg also increased in both pressure and in intensity. And each time the team scored, she hugged his arm which meant he felt her soft body pressed against his side, his arm and his mind completely aware of her soft, full breasts as they rubbed him or pressed against him underneath that incredible sweater she wore.

By the second half of the game, he was gritting his teeth with the lust pouring through him. At least this time he didn't think she was doing it deliberately. When his team scored, she inadvertently gripped his arm, pressing her soft breasts against his arm. Or her hand would grip his thigh and she jumped up in her chair. It was a close game, both teams scoring back and forth and by the last few minutes, he was almost hoping his team would lose just so he could end this torment.

When the final bell sounded and the ball dropped into the hoop, his team scoring the winning two points, Kallista jumped up and threw herself into his arms. There was nothing he could do but wrap his arms around her and enjoy her gusto, but he did so with straining muscles and clenched teeth.

He wasn't sure he was going to be able to deal with the next ten days until the wedding he thought as they made their way back through the tunnels to the team locker room. As the owner, he knew it was essential that he show up and congratulate the team on their hard fought win. They'd done a good job, not giving up when the other team continued to score against them and he owed them a huge pat on the back for their efforts. But all he really wanted to do was to carry Kallista off and make love to her, for once in his life he wanted to ignore what he knew he should do, and proceed with what he wanted to do. She wouldn't appreciate that action though, and probably not even him thinking it. He looked down at her shining head and bright eyes, wondering what was going through her mind right now.

Kallista watched in fascination as she and Hector were immediately surrounded by extra security. Why they would need that as they walked through cement tunnels she had no idea but she walked alongside Hector, taking her cues from his attitude.

When they entered the brightly lit locker room and the noise and sweat hit her, she was a bit taken aback, but tried to hide her surprise. She thought this kind of thing was reserved for the team and sports reporters but she pretended to take it all in stride, but she moved closer to Hector, feeling more secure with his heat and strength beside her.

As soon as they stepped in, the team hushed and all of them turned to face Hector. "You all did a great job today. I saw the effort each of you put into that game and I was very impressed."

Kallista looked around, seeing the reactions of the other players and smiled with pride. The team members were trying to impress Hector! It wasn't just about the paycheck or the glory. There was something about the way Hector managed the group that helped each of the players dig just a little deeper, go that extra mile and make the play to help overcome their opponents. It was a mysterious quality, but Hector had it if the expressions on the players' faces were any indication.

"Is that you're new fiancee?" someone called out from the back of the locker room.

Hector turned slightly and caught Kallista's hand. "Yes. This is my fiancee, Kallista Papadelias. It was her first basketball game and I can guarantee that you've made her a fan for life," he announced. "Thanks for the win!"

Kallista laughed and hugged his arm affectionately. "It was a fabulous game! I really enjoyed all of it. Especially that last point! Very exciting," she said and smiled brightly at the team, all of whom were pushing and jostling each other, back slapping the guys that had scored the most points or had a good shot.

"You don't really need this old guy's money, Ms. Kallista," one of the team members called out daringly from the back of the pack. "Come on over and marry me! I got enough money to keep you in style."

There were several hoops and laughter, more pushing and shoving and Kallista laughed good naturedly and moved closer to Hector, showing her support for him, while not rejecting the team's humor. "I think I've found a keeper, gentlemen."

"She'd never leave Mr. Christophe for you, doofus! But I got the last shot. She'd leave him for my talent alone, wouldn't you, Ms. Kallista?"

Kallista shook her head, leaning her head against Hector's bicep and hugged his arm closely. "I'd never give up all this charm and personality," she called right back, giving as good as she got. The hoops and laughter at her comment increased exponentially and Kallista smiled up at Hector who only rolled his eyes.

"With that. I'll bid you good night. Have fun at the post game interviews and parties," he said and put his arm around Kallista's back, guiding her out of the locker room and back out into the tunnel.

As soon as they were clear of the locker room, he moved away, dropping his arm from her back and she suddenly felt cold. "Thank you," he said, bending down so only she could hear.

She glanced up at him, wondering if he was being sarcastic or if he was angry with her last comment while in the locker room. "For what?"

"For being a good sport."

They were guided quickly into the waiting limousine which immediately pulled away. Kallista tried hard, but she started nodding off in the car. The day had been long and productive but she was exhausted after having been up early this morning in an effort to meet an informant about her story. Since these were the type of men who didn't appreciate the daylight hours, she'd been at their meeting point by four thirty that morning. The plane ride with all the requisite jet lag plus the excitement of the game made her extremely tired.

They drove right back to the plane which took off moments after they boarded. Kallista tried very hard, but she couldn't keep her eyes open. About five minutes after takeoff, she was sound asleep, unaware that she was leaning against Hector's shoulder for a pillow.

Hector looked down at the woman sleeping beside him, trying to figure her out. How could she be so open and friendly to a group of strange, sweaty men and yet any kind of touch from him she started to pull away? He wasn't fooled. She touched him, but it was always in places that were innocuous. His shoulder, his arm, his back...nothing that would give him any encouragement to indicate that she wanted more from him.

He thought about pushing her away and letting her sleep on her own, but he actually preferred her touch, even though it was in sleep so he lowered both of their chairs slightly and let her use his shoulder as a pillow while he worked through the details of his next business acquisition.

Several hours later, the plane landed once again in Athens. As the plane taxied to the off-loading area, he woke her up gently by shaking her shoulder, the only place on her body he trusted himself to touch. "I have a driver waiting to take you home," he said softly when her lovely eyes fluttered open.

Kallista woke up and looked around. "I'm sorry, I guess I was more tired than I realized. Aren't you heading back to your house too?'

"No. I have meetings in London tomorrow morning."

She looked at her watch. "It's two o'clock in the morning! When do you sleep?"

"Its a few hours until I reach London."

She was stunned that he wasn't going to get a full night's sleep. How could he function on only a few hours of rest? "That's not enough. You need more sleep, Hector," she said as her mind started functioning more clearly.

He raised an eyebrow. "Are you worried about me?" he asked, his cynicism coming through in his tone and he wanted to take back the words as soon as he said them when he saw her cringe slightly. She was too tired to hide her reaction and he felt like a heel for being so rude when she was expressing honest concern for his welfare, something he'd never had growing up except from her mother or father. Receiving that sort of concern from Kallista had a completely different impact, and he hesitated to admit to himself that he enjoyed it.

"I am tired," he replied in a softer tone. "I'll get some rest. I just have a few more things to go over before then."

She smiled slightly and looked away, feeling awkward and shy all of a sudden. "Thank you for tonight. It really was a fun game to watch."

He pulled his hands behind his back as he bowed his head in acknowledgement. "I appreciate you coming all the way across the Atlantic spur of the moment like that."

She shrugged, unsure of what to say. Instead of saying anything, she turned around and walked off the plane. She wasn't sure, but she thought she felt his eyes watching her the whole way down and was grateful for the reprieve when she stepped into the limousine. She glanced back towards the door of the plane once the limousine door was closed but he was already turned away, so she felt silly for thinking he'd been watching her the whole time. As she drove away, she was glad for the dark windows that hid her concerned eyes as Hector walked back onto the plane, his shoulders slumped slightly.

Chapter 5

Kallista was actually afraid to answer her phone when it rang several days later. Every moment of her day and night was filled with either research for her article, trying to prepare for her wedding, or attending some function with Hector. And she honestly wasn't sure which task was the most exhausting.

The wedding was in two days and, because of the tight schedule, her mother hadn't been able to plan a rehearsal dinner so she had a couple of free nights. She didn't want to attend another meeting, or endure one more fitting for her dress. She wanted to stay home and pretend like her life wasn't a crazy whirlwind with a stoic groom waiting for her at the end of the insanity.

Hector actually made the wedding planning relatively simple by putting his social events director at her disposal. But her mother refused to streamline any of the traditional preparation. Aella wanted to see Kallista in different dresses, go to caterers and sample possible menus, meet with the baker and select a cake design. The only details she was willing to release to the social director were the invitations and seating arrangements after they'd selected a venue. And that decision had been pretty simple as well since so many of the places were already taken, it was decided that they would be wed in Hector's back yard with tents erected for the event.

Sonya, the woman in charge of social events for Hector, agreed to ensure that the tents were presentable for a wedding, thereby allowing Aella and Kallista rush through the city trying on various dresses and coming up with a menu. Because the wedding was such short notice, the invitations had to be sent out immediately and Aella was terrified that she'd forgotten someone important on the list. Kallista on the other hand, didn't care who attended the wedding. She was still trying to figure out how to get out of the whole event. But as more details were nailed down, she felt the doors closing in on her. Not to mention, her father was working closely with Hector to mitigate the issues with Rolf Peterson. He kept checking with Aella on how the wedding was progressing, telling Kallista without words that he couldn't accept Hector's help without the wedding.

Either at night or in the early morning hours, Kallista met with contacts, searched through warehouses and took pictures of the places her contacts said would have the drug raids. She had to be careful though because she was only investigating this situation. She really didn't want to be caught in the middle of it all or get in the way of a police investigation, if there was one at all.

On most days, she would be up by three or four o'clock in the morning doing her field work, then meet with her mother for dress fittings. Her mother also had to select a dress and Kallista was sad that Hector's mother wouldn't be able to attend. She asked her mother about Hector's parents, but Aella shook her head and told her she had to talk to Hector about his family.

Once her mother had finally agreed on the dress, there were more fittings, meetings with the caterers and bakers, consultations with the florist and more appointments than Kallista ever could have imagined were needed to organize a wedding. She would finish with her mother by late afternoon, which gave her about an hour or two to write up her discoveries before she had to get ready for whatever event she'd be attending with Hector that night. The few nights he was out of the country were wonderful because she was able to simply fall into bed and sleep until she had to wake up the following morning.

Both the investigation and the wedding were finally coming together. She had some good leads and she was going to have to bring in the police soon, but she wanted more evidence since everything she currently had on the drug shipment sources was hearsay from her contacts. She worked with her editor to figure out what she needed and when it would be a good time to bring the information to the police, but even he thought she should hold off for now.

"In the meantime," he chuckled one morning several days before the wedding, how about doing an article on the challenges of organizing a wedding?" He tossed her a file folder and Kallista's face turned red as she looked at her face on the various articles about her upcoming nuptials, her nights out on the town with Hector. She'd had no idea that she and Hector had been in the news so often lately.

"Why have you been collecting all of these?" she asked, noticing that neither she nor Hector looked very happy in the pictures. It actually tugged at her heart that she was making him so miserable.

She pushed her concerns about Hector out of her mind for the moment and looked up at Torrance, her editor. The man was a little taller than she was with a receding hairline and always looked like he'd slept in his clothes. She often wondered if the man emulated his dress code from Hollywood movies since he always looked like the gruff, frazzled editors from the silver screen. "What did you have in mind?"

"Just the usual fluff piece that you do so well," he answered, then shifted some files around on his desk. "And if you want to include how much your wedding will cost, that might be an interesting factoid to include."

She was already shaking her head. "First of all, I don't know how much everything costs. I show up for the consultations and point to what I like or what I think Hector would appreciate," she explained, blushing when her editor looked up at her with a raised eyebrow at the last part of her statement. "But furthermore, you know how private Hector Christophe is. I doubt he'd want it known how much his wedding will cost, much less any of the details of the event."

He pulled away from shuffling the papers and files on his desk to glare at her. "So convince him! Isn't that your job? What the hell do I pay you for if not to break the tough guys down and get them talking."

Kallista sighed and shook her head. "You don't understand the situation," she countered. "This isn't really a...normal wedding." She even hated telling Torrance that much, feeling like she'd just violated Hector's trust.

The silence that greeted her reply forced her eyes to look up and her heart clenched with fear at the bright interest that was now on her editor's face. "So what's so unnormal about this wedding?" he asked, his voice softer, almost coaxing. He slid his hip onto the side of his desk and looked down at her as she shifted uncomfortably on the plastic covered chair, the only one not filled with stacks of files and older editions of the newspaper the man refused to throw away for some reason.

She pulled back and shook her head. "Torrance, there's no way you're going to start interviewing me."

He laughed and moved closer. "So, how did the great and powerful Hector Christophe convince the lovely little lady to marry him?"

She rolled her eyes at his description, only of herself because Hector really was powerful. Spooky, scary powerful, she thought. Not only powerful over his own businesses and financials, but he seemed to have a great deal of power over her as well. Just one little look or a soft, passing touch and her mind shifted to dangerous thoughts.

She wasn't going to reveal anything. "The usual way. He asked me. I accepted." She smiled as she watched her editor's frustration grow across his features.

"What's so unnormal about that?"

She decided to toss him something, just to get him off the scent. "For one thing, Hector Christophe is involved. For another thing, we're getting married quickly. Both of those issues make it a not so normal event, wouldn't you say?" No way would she tell him that this marriage was saving her family from financial ruin and helping thousands of families to not lose their homes. Kallista knew that would be a huge story that her editor would run with. She really did not want her father's mistakes to be front page news and she refused to violate Hector's trust by admitting anything about his private life, business or personal, to her editor.

She stood up and tucked the bulging wedding file under her arm. "Oh, I'm sure the paparazzi will come up with something wonderful to talk about after the wedding. Who knows, maybe I'm already pregnant!"

Kallista laughed as Torrance's face blanched. "Tell me you're kidding!"

She took mercy on him at that point and shook her head. "I'm not pregnant. Trust me!"

She walked out of the office and back to her cubicle. There, she flipped through the articles again, focusing on the pictures. She looked very nice, she thought as she stopped at one picture that showed the two of them stepping out of a museum. It had only been a couple of days ago and she'd worn a dress that had been delivered that day. It was crimson satin and lace, scalloped at the neckline with matching red heels that had given her an extra two inches. They hadn't helped her in trying to catch up to Hector's height, but what she found interesting was the look on Hector's face. Or more specifically, the direction of his eyes, which the camera caught looking at her neckline.

She blushed as she remembered that dress, how low cut the neckline had been and how exposed she'd felt occasionally, especially when she'd turned and the fabric had twisted slightly. She might be blushing, but it certainly was nice to know that Hector was at least looking, even if he wasn't touching.

That thought startled her and she sat up straighter, ignoring the squeak from the old metal chair she was sitting on. Did she want Hector to touch her?

What would she do if he touched her in an intimate way? Her body flushed and became heated at just the thought of Hector's strong, elegant hands on her. He was so strong, would he hurt her? Would he inadvertently touch her too roughly?

No. He was too controlled, and he'd been with too many other women so he knew exactly how to touch a female and not bruise or mar the skin.

She hated the thought of Hector being with all those other women, who had probably only been after his money. Okay, so she was after his power and his ability to resolve this problem with her family. She acknowledged a large share of hypocrisy in that statement. But she was determined to be a good wife to him. And she already cared a little for his feelings. Hopefully, she could learn to love the strange, moody man who was so kind to her and her family.

Since Kallista had rejected the credit card, Hector had arranged for someone to send over dresses or outfits so she thankfully didn't need to shop for clothes for all the events, but it irked her that he'd gotten around the credit card issue. She'd really wanted to pay for her own clothes, but at the time, she'd had no idea how many clothes she would need. He had an event practically every night and this file showed her the need for a different outfit if the press were photographing her so often.

Her cell phone buzzed and Kallista looked at the number, sighing with resignation. Hector was calling her once again. Or more specifically, his secretary was calling. Most likely to give her details about tonight's function, whatever that was. Kallista had a schedule that his secretary had e-mailed to her earlier but she didn't remember anything being on tonight's schedule. She'd really been hoping to have a free night.

As she picked up her phone, she wished that he would call her himself every once in a while. She loved his deep voice and she secretly enjoyed the authority in his tone. Unfortunately, the only time she got to enjoy his voice was when they were together physically since he was so busy in meetings or whatever he did during the day. She'd never admit that to him, though. The man had way too much confidence and telling him that she liked his voice might give him too much control over her. She had little as it is.

"Hello?" she asked cautiously, half wishing she could just ignore the call.

"Kallista, its Hector. How is your day going?"

She straightened up at her desk, wondering what had initiated this call by the great man himself. And sure enough, that shot of excitement just zoomed through her body, making her heart accelerate and weird things start tingling inside of her. Goodness, the man had a sexy voice!

"I'm doing well. How is your day going?" she asked, just as painfully polite. It was exceedingly odd they way he acted around her. He had a sort of old world charm with the manners to match, never acting casual or just tossing her a "Hey" or "How are things going?" It was always the decorous language and even that she liked somehow. What did that say about her? Was she a snob? Or maybe she was just tired of guys being obnoxious fools who had no respect when addressing her.

He didn't act this way around his peers, if anyone could really be considered a peer with Hector Christophe. But when he chatted with the people he met while at social functions, she'd noticed that he was more laid back, more relaxed. He was friendly and polite, but definitely not this formal. It was as if he created some sort of distance between the two of them by using a formal tone of voice and old world gentlemanly body language when she was near, like holding his hands behind his back when they were walking or tucking her arm into his elbow whenever he escorted her from the car to the building or into her parents' house or her apartment. It was sweet in a romantic kind of way, but it also made her nervous. She sometimes wished she had the courage to reach up and mess up his flawless hair or see him without a perfect shave and immaculate dress. Did he ever spill coffee on his tie? Or maybe just dump a glass of water on his lap accidentally? Couldn't he just nick himself while shaving one morning, just so she would know that he was human?

She doubted it. Hector Christophe was very controlled, very dignified. Extremely precise.

She came back to the conversation, smiling secretly that he'd made the call himself. "Very productive. Thank you for asking." There was a pause and Kallista thought that he might be trying to decide what to say next.

"Was there an event you needed me to attend tonight? I didn't notice anything on the calendar your secretary sent me late last week."

Hector heard her tone of voice and thought twice about issuing the invitation for tonight. It seemed almost ridiculous now, but he'd wanted to spend some time with her. Alone. He wanted to understand this woman who always seemed eager to please him, acted attentive at all the events over the past couple of weeks, but whenever he touched her, she shivered and pulled back, if not outright cringed with his touch. The few times he'd let his impatience show towards her reaction, she'd shrunk back even more, only to come out and change into the most gregarious, flirty woman he'd ever known. She would touch him, caress him, look up at him with adoring eyes, but only in the presence of others.

Tonight's invitation was really just to understand better what he was getting into prior to the wedding. He wouldn't call it off. He owed too much to Kallista's father and all he'd done over the years. Demetrius' absolute faith in Hector's intelligence and inherent goodness meant everything to Hector and there was nothing that he wouldn't do to help Demetrius.

Even if it meant entering into a hellish marriage where he wanted his wife with a desire that drove him insane and caused him to have vivid dreams about making love to her, having her voluptuous body wrapped around him and screaming out his name as he made her climax over and over again. Only to wake up in a cold sweat almost every morning with an erection that was painful because he suspected there was no way he would ever find relief in his future wife's arms.

With a sigh of determination, he pushed those dreams, or nightmares depending on how one looked at them, out of his mind and focused on the phone conversation. "Nothing urgent. And the absence of any official event is actually the reason I called. I was wondering if we might have a quiet dinner together tonight. Just the two of us so we can get to know one another a little better. Maybe have a conversation that isn't overheard by three hundred of our closest friends," he joked and was relieved to hear her soft laughter.

Kallista was surprised by his teasing but sincerely appreciative of the invitation. "It does seem a little odd to be contemplating marriage to someone and we barely know each other." And if the truth were told, she was extremely tired of the seemingly endless functions this man needed to attend. It was astonishing how much business he was able to conduct during these social events so she didn't begrudge him the time spent. And if it helped him to have her there with him, she was willing to attend as well, but a night off was needed. His invitation sounded perfect after the round of social events they'd attended lately.

"Exactly. So are you available?"

"Of course. And I appreciate the gesture."

"Good. I'll pick you up at seven o'clock if that's convenient for you."

"That would be fine," she replied, her voice automatically mimicking his formal responses.

"I'll see you later then," he answered and disconnected the call.

Kallista almost laughed at the conversation. If any other engaged couple had spoken to each other like that, she would have told both parties to run in opposite directions as fast as possible. But in their situation, it was probably expected. Hopefully, they could break through that formality tonight with a quiet dinner.

Well, a dinner that was most likely prepared by one of his chefs and served on a silver platter by one of his many servants might not be exactly what she was hoping for, but it was probably as close as she was going to get. The man entertained a great deal for his businesses so he needed a large staff on hand, but she couldn't imagine what it would be like to have them there when not entertaining. In her mind, she pictured an old fashioned dining room with footmen standing at attention near the side buffets while the lord and lady of the household dined at opposite ends of a long, polished table.

She shook her head, dismissing the fanciful picture and refocusing on her report. She had to get this one finished and submitted to her editor before the deadline, which was fast approaching. That meant specifically not fantasizing about a tall, attractive male that she only wished she could understand.

Besides, she might as well get used to that type of formal dining. After she married the man, she suspected that formal meals, even Saturday or Sunday breakfasts would no longer be a pajama type experience. She'd never give up the occasional night eating pizza on the couch and watching a movie though! He'd just have to do something else or learn to cope.

Two hours later, she looked in the mirror and smoothed the dress down over her stomach and hips, her hands shaking with nerves. It wasn't the idea of seeing Hector again that was making her nervous. It was the idea of seeing him alone that seemed to bother her.

Okay, bother her was the wrong word. Being alone with Hector...terrified, fascinated, excited and made her shiver with dreaded anticipation. She wasn't sure if she would be able to eat tonight, sitting across the table with him, no one to distract her from his intimidating presence or those intense, grey eyes.

Unfortunately, she didn't have time to worry about all those things and tried to calm down since the doorbell was ringing, indicating that he was already here. She glanced at her watch and groaned with frustration. Did the man have to be so prompt? Couldn't he be just a few minutes late once in a while? Didn't he know that a woman needed to primp and fuss for a moment before her man came calling?

She was walking to her apartment door and hesitated. "Her man"? Hector wasn't anyone's possession but it was certainly nice to think of him as her own.

Or was he? Did he possibly have another woman on the side? Someone who was giving him the things she was too afraid to give him? Like sex? Or even simple affection?

He probably had a mistress, she thought and wondered why that idea bothered her so much. She was so angry at the idea that he could be cheating on her even before they were married. She hated the idea of someone touching Hector, of doing things with him that...okay, so she was afraid to do with him but that didn't mean she wanted someone else to do those things with him!

She angrily picked up her coat and purse, then met him at the door. She pasted a smile of greeting on her face and stepped out of her apartment. "Hello," she said politely as he stepped back and let her lock her door, all thoughts of a mistress were gone simply by his enormous presence outside her apartment. He was so handsome and so large. Why did she forget his size each time she was away from him? Why couldn't he be a bit smaller so she didn't feel so tiny and breakable around him?

"You look nice," he replied, his grey eyes taking in her lemon colored dress that hugged her hips and breasts snuggly, making his palms itch to feel her figure, to learn more about her curves and what made her gasp with pleasure.

She looked him up and down with his dark suit, noticing for the first time that he wasn't wearing a tie. And it wasn't a suit this time around but a sports coat and slightly more casual slacks. "Wow! No tie?" she teased and was glad when he took it in the humorous way she'd intended.

"I lighten up occasionally," he countered. He took her coat and held it up for her and Kallista realized that she probably should have let him into her apartment for these niceties. She hadn't because there was just something too intimate about having him in her personal domain. He was a very large man and her apartment wasn't that big because her salary as a journalist wasn't significant. At least not yet, she thought with relish.

As she tied the sash on her coat, Hector's hands lingered for a moment on her shoulders. She glanced at his hands, then her eyes traveled higher to look at his eyes, trying to figure out what he was thinking, why he was touching her this way. He rarely touched her unless he was leading her into or out of a building, or helping her step into a limousine. And even then, his hand barely touched the small of her back or grazed her hand. This touch was more firm, more definite. And the light in his eyes made her stomach tighten, her body shiver in response.

As soon as she shivered, he dropped his hands and turned away, putting that gentle, almost-not-there hand to the small of her back, then even that dropped away when she was heading down the stairs.

What would he do if she pretended to trip? Would he catch her? Would she feel his strong hands holding her? Maybe he would even pull her closer, let her feel his chest or his arms. She could grab his arm just turning the corner at the bottom of her stairs, she thought, pretend that something had caught the heel of her shoe.

A moment later they were off the stairs, the possibility was gone as they were walking towards the parking lot. Kallista sighed heavily as she looked around for his limousine, wishing she had more courage around this man. He was such an enigma. An enticing, fascinating mystery that she desperately wanted to understand.

She was surprised when she considered telling Hector about the story she was working on. Not the one she'd just submitted to her editor which was a fluff piece about the various animals available for adoption at the animal shelters. But the other one, the one only her editor knew about with the drug cartels and the secret stashes, all the illegal activities in areas one wouldn't normally expect because they were so open, so suburban and not the dangerous underbelly of the inner city where people might expect to find illegal drug activities. She had pictures and testimonials, she'd seen drug deals in some of the less expected areas and this story was going to be a real breakthrough for her career.

She wasn't supposed to tell anyone about the story, on orders from her editor. The man didn't want her to reveal her sources, nor did he want her to accidentally tell the wrong person and get hurt. As she walked beside Hector, she wondered what he would think if she told him that she was more than just a fluff reporter. Would he be angry? Or impressed that she was pushing the limits on her writing and investigating capabilities?

She wasn't sure what his opinion was about a wife working, especially in a position like she had, something that might be visible. She didn't care if he didn't like it though. There wasn't much he could do to force her to quit.

Or could he?

She would have to bring that up with her editor, find out what kind of pull Hector had with her newspaper. And if he did have the power to get her kicked off the staff, she'd have to talk with him about that. She didn't want her husband interfering in her career, especially if she was out with him each night, on his arm and giving up her free time to help him with his business interests. Fair is fair she told herself.

"Where are we going for dinner tonight?" she asked, smiling her thanks when he held open the door to a powerful looking black vehicle. She suspected she might be in trouble when she noticed there were only two seats in this car. A car with only two seats, that meant power and speed, which only added to Hector's appeal. She never would have expected this man to drive a car like this. Limousines, yes. Powerful cars that could probably reach over two hundred miles an hour? Not at all!

He waited until he was seated next to her and pulling out of the parking lot before answering. "I thought we could eat at my place where we can talk without interruptions. But if you'd like to go to a restaurant, I can arrange that."

She swallowed slightly and shook her head. "No, your place would be nice. I'd love to see more of your home." She only said that to give herself something to do instead of just sitting across the table from the man. Maybe he could explain why he lived in such a huge house all by himself.

He'd mentioned a quiet dinner earlier and this was basically what Kallista had been thinking would happen for the evening, but hearing him say the words, and seeing in her mind what she really wanted to happen, which was him taking her into his arms and kissing her so she knew what she was getting into....well, that was a whole different issue. Reality was much more terrifying that her imaginings.

"Great," he said and then Kallista's mind just about went blank. He pulled onto the highway and, within moments, they were flying down the road, passing by the other cars at a rate that made her head spin. The powerful car was so fast and so smooth it almost felt like they were flying, the tires no longer pulling against the asphalt and Kallista could feel her body starting to tingle with excitement.

She wasn't one of those people who thrived on an adrenaline rush, but she really, really loved a powerful car. And men who could confidently handle a powerful car? Good grief, she looked over at Hector and smiled inwardly! She might have just found the sexiest man alive.

At least when he was driving, she corrected. She was disappointed when they slowed down and turned off the highway. When they entered a gated street with a guard that saluted Hector as they passed, Kallista sighed with disappointment knowing that the ride was almost over.

He laughed softly when he came around and opened her car door for her. "I didn't know you were a speed junky," he said softly in her ear as she stepped out onto the driveway next to him.

She pulled away and shook her head. "I'm ....."

"Don't deny it," he said and stood in front of her. "I think it's kind of cute. I finally have something you like."

He offered her his arm and she had to laugh as she tucked her hand onto the elbow. "There are other things about you that I like," she replied, ignoring the blush that stained her cheeks. Now that he knew that she loved speed, she would have to be careful he didn't think she was...unladylike? Would Hector think she wasn't worthy if she weren't so proper? That thought was daunting, because she really wasn't this formal all the time. She loved waking up and going for a run in her workout clothes, of tying back her hair and trudging through some difficult writing wearing yoga pants and tee shirts or sweats and comfortable clothes. She'd never dared to appear like that in front of him yet.

He distracted her worrying with his deep voice saying, "Name one other thing."

She shrugged and looked at his broad shoulders in the sports coat. "I like your broad shoulders. And I don't know why you hide all those muscles underneath a suit or jacket."

He tilted his head to the side and nodded. "I'll take that as a definite compliment."

They went inside and Kallista shivered when he took her coat, his fingers slipping against her neck and she stepped back quickly. From the scowl on his rugged features she could tell that he'd caught the movement and wasn't happy about it.

She tried to smile up at him, to smooth out the reaction but he ignored the gesture and waved to the room on the left of the foyer. "After you," he said, a return to that painful politeness of earlier, before the drive and their more casual, almost affectionate though brief conversation while walking into the house.

She hesitated and looked around. "I was hoping perhaps you could show me around the rest of your home. I actually got lost the last time. It would be nice if I could know my way through the halls a bit more easily." She was proud that she didn't start blushing at that admission, but her request didn't bring back the friendly man she'd discovered outside, which was disappointing.

He nodded and walked towards the long, center hallway. He gave her a tour all right. It was a march through each room while he walked silently beside her. Every once in a while she thought up a question, but he answered it with one or two words, making conversation difficult.

When they were back in the foyer, she had had enough of the stiff, angry formal guy who terrified her and made her wonder if he was just a really good looking robot. She turned around and glared up at him, poking him in the chest as her anger increased. "Okay, look buddy! Tonight is about getting to know each other and it would be great if we could be married not being strangers. But we're both doing this for reasons other than love, even though I have no idea what your motivation is. So let's at least try to talk to each other. Otherwise, I'll just head home right now and we can have these painfully stilted conversations after the wedding but I won't waste my time trying before the ceremony."

Hector almost laughed as this tiny little woman glared up at him, her hands fisted on her hips and challenging him in a way that no one had dared in quite a long time. "Are you telling me my options are a cold wife now or a cold wife later on?"

She didn't like the sound of either of those. "How about if we just try to find some middle ground here so that neither one of us came across as frosty and unfeeling?"

"And are you? Cold and unfeeling?" he asked.

"Only when shut out by a grouchy giant who doesn't understand me and refuses to even try to communicate with me. I don't know what I did to anger you but I'm really sorry for whatever it was. If you could just....relax with me, maybe we could at least be friends."

He looked down at her, wanting desperately to pull her into his arms and kiss her. But she disliked his touch, which is now glaringly clear to him. So he pulled his hands back behind his back in an effort to keep from touching her once again, and considered his options. She was right. They had to find some middle ground, some way to break through this impasse they had with each other. And the only way he was going to get through to her was to talk to her, understand her better and figure out what she might like in a man. And maybe, if he was incredibly lucky, he could become that man.

"Fair enough. You're right and we do need to get to know each other. I apologize for deviating from my stated intent for the night. Shall we continue?" he asked and gestured towards the living room off to the right.

Hector walked into the room, leaving her to stand in the foyer or follow him. He poured a scotch for himself, then handed her a glass of wine, white because that's what she'd been drinking all the other times he'd seen her with a drink in her hands.

"Thank you," she said stiffly, looking around at the white on white decorations, which were interrupted only by the dark wood of the furniture or table. It would be a sterile room if it weren't for the green plants that gave some welcome relief. The shocking green leaves in the corners, plus the large off white hydrangeas gracing the middle of the table made the room more inviting, almost romantic.

"You're welcome. Would you like to sit down and talk?" He gestured towards the white sofa facing the crackling fire. It looked deep and comfortable and she wished that she could snuggle up to this man on that sofa. She didn't think Hector was a snuggling up kind of guy though. And she still didn't have the courage to touch him first. Hopefully she could work up to that.

She sat, but she was still more than a little irritated about the way their evening had started. "Why do you ride around in a limousine all the time when you have that kind of car available?"

"If I answer that question, will you admit that you're a speed junkie?"

She shrugged and watched him carefully. "It depends."

"On what?"

"On whether you'll let me drive that toy some day."

He laughed and shook his head. "I doubt it. I don't think my insurance could handle it."

"I might be an extremely good driver," she countered with a hopeful smile.

He watched her closely. "How many speeding tickets have you received recently?"

She tilted her head and pretended to count. "Define 'recently'" she countered. She actually hadn't had any speeding tickets, was in fact a very cautious driver but she liked hearing him laugh so she continued with the pretense.

He groaned and shook his head. "You're never getting into the driver's seat of that vehicle, Kallista." But he laughed and led her over to the table. "Are you hungry?"

"Starving," she relented and sat down across from him at a beautifully decorated table with white roses and more of those lovely off-white hydrangeas along with candles in the center. It wasn't a long table, actually just big enough for two, but she wasn't surprised when a servant came out with two covered plates.

When the servant had finished placing the food in front of both of them, then disappeared again, Kallista ventured a conversational topic that she'd been dying to open with him, but worried that she might come across as ignorant. But since she had been to several events lately with him and still didn't know, she decided to just ask him and get it out of the way. Better to let him know about this gap in her knowledge now rather than in a year or two after their wedding. "Can you tell me a little bit about what you do?" she asked.

He started telling her about some of the companies he had acquired and why, how they helped the overall parent company expand and Kallista was amazed at how interconnected all of his businesses were. She'd been prepared to try and listen attentively, but as he spoke she became fascinated by his strategy. While some people had a five year career plan, Hector had a twenty year growth plan and not just for his core company, but for the smaller companies that he had acquired. He was even one of those amazing people who didn't forget the immediate issues, knowing the short term goals that needed to be worked in order to achieve the long term target.

"You aren't one of those guys that comes in and fires everyone once you've bought out the company, are you?" she asked as dessert was being served.

Hector looked right back at her, not backing down even an inch. "You're not one of those bleeding heart liberals who think the government owes everyone a job, are you?"

She laughed and relented, understanding that she wasn't going to get concessions out of this man. Nor would she respect him if he did. "Not at all. I am a firm believer in every person figuring out how to add value to this world. I don't agree when people claim that the government should create jobs. I think people should create their own opportunities, while the government makes sure that the playing field is fair for everyone and not making it easy for just a select few."

"But business isn't fair."

She was startled and looked up at him with a slanted glance. "It should be."

"And what if I'm one of those guys that fires everyone? What would you say?"

She took a sip of her ice water and considered him for a long moment. "You aren't, are you?"

He shrugged as if to act like firing people was a casual activity, but the look on his face told her that he wouldn't take those kinds of actions lightly. "I'm not shy about letting go of the dead weight. So anytime I purchase a company, some people are let go."

That was an interesting statement, she thought. Leaning forward, she asked, "How do you determine which people are let go? How do you define 'dead weight'?"

"I have a team of people who come in and are trained to analyze what people are doing and how efficient and effective they are at their jobs."

She quirked an eyebrow at him. "How is that done?"

"There's no secret to it, really. A fresh set of eyes is usually all it takes. Sometimes the old management just plugs along, letting people do their job when the reality is that most workers are only about fifty percent occupied. The rest either slough off their work to their coworkers or they chat in the office kitchens or hallways pretending to be working, but really, they're just killing time until they can leave at the end of each work day. I have a specially trained team that comes in and figures out how responsibilities might be combined, offers challenges to those who deserve them and releases those who don't."

"I don't think you're one of those tough guys, are you?"

He leaned back in his chair, considering her concerned expression over his glass of wine. "I'm pretty tough. I have to be so others don't take advantage of me."

"I can't imagine anyone taking advantage of you," she laughed.

"Some try," he countered.

"What happens to them?"

He shrugged and she watched in fascination as his eyes turned dark and hard. "They are eliminated."

She swallowed painfully. "As in killed?"

He threw back his head and laughed, shaking his head. "I guarantee there are no murders on my conscience." He should probably be angry that she thought him capable of murder, but she just looked too cute as she worried over his misdeeds.

Kallista thought that perhaps she'd been delving into the criminal world a bit too much lately with her drug investigation. She was seeing criminals even in her fiance. "Sorry about that. Silly question. What do you do when someone gets in the way or tries to slow you down?"

He was still smiling as he said, "I told you. I eliminate the issue."

She wanted details, but she suspected he wasn't going to give her any. Kallista thought about letting the subject drop, but as a journalist, she simply couldn't squelch her curiosity. Trying a different approach, she tilted her head to the side and looked at him with her professional eyes, looking for different things than she would if she were looking at him as her future husband. "Say I'm a competitor and I try to hire out your most important asset."

He saw the change in her body language and her facial features and was fascinated. What had just happened, he wondered? Where had the wide eyed, lush ingenue gone? The woman had suddenly transformed into an almost different person, although her incredible figure hadn't disappeared, he noted with irritation. Damn, but he wanted her. Seeing the different sides to her was only increasing his absorption with this woman. "How would you have found out what my important asset is?"

She bit her lip, trying to figure out where he was going. "This person is developing the next best thing for one of your computer companies. It's the thing that everyone wants and only you have the technology and the supply chain to develop the product and bring it to the market."

Hector watched as she bit her full, lower lip and he was jealous. He wanted to bite that lip, to taste her mouth and feel the fullness of her lip. "Okay, what's the issue?" He forced his eyes to stop watching her pretty teeth on her lip and concentrate on her question.

Kallista considered different scenarios, then tried to come up with something that would impact his current business, drawing from their earlier conversations. "Your competition learns that this one person is developing the product and makes this person an offer they can't refuse. What would you do?"

He leaned forward and took her hand, pulling her up out of her chair and leading her over to the sofa that was facing the crackling fire, offering soft light and romantic ambiance. "First of all, I wouldn't allow any one employee to have so much power and knowledge. There are much more effective ways to develop a product so that one person isn't the lynch pin. It also creates a better product when more than one mind, one opinion is building a product. It is stronger, more accurate and has a wider customer base because the creativity of a group is stronger."

Damn, he had a good point. She wasn't going to relent though. Even his arguments were showing her more about the way his mind works. "But what if this one person had the idea?"

"You're pushing an ideal, not reality. It's rare that one person has a single brilliant idea and is able to bring it to a market successfully. I understand what you're trying to question, but come at it from a different angle. My companies don't rely on single person ideas. Most products are a team effort, more of a brainstorming path than a single point of brilliance. Which isn't to say that I don't have brilliant people working for me."

For the next hour, Kallista asked questions, offered situations and asked him how he would handle the problem or keep his competition from intervening, or even interrupting for small periods of time in getting a specific product to market. As she listened, her respect for this man grew enormously. She truly respected the way his mind worked and how he viewed the people in his companies. He wasn't one of those moguls who sat on his empire and considered his employees to be subordinate humans. From the way he spoke, Hector knew that each person had a talent and Hector figured out the best way to capitalize on that capability.

She smiled up at him with her newfound knowledge. "So you're one of the good guys."

He shook his head, not willing to be put on a pedestal no matter how nice it sounded coming from her beautiful lips. "Don't paint me as a saint Kallista. I'm out to make money just like the other guys."

"You're just better at it than most," she grinned, impressed with this man more than ever. And a little less intimidated although his size was still a factor.

"I make my fair share of mistakes."

She laughed and raised an eyebrow. "When was the last time you made a mistake?"

Hector thought that becoming engaged to a woman who drove him insane with lust was a perfect example, but he didn't think she would see the irony of that. "I could have moved faster or slower on certain deals that might have resulted in a more beneficial outcome."

She laughed again, sure that he was only mocking her. "And that was about as ambiguous a reply as a person can be, coming from a man that the world really knows nothing about. Why don't you do interviews? It sounds like you have a great deal of wisdom that others could use in their business dealings. And your logic could be applied to areas other than business."

He smiled and shook his head. "I prefer my life to be private."

"Why is that?" she asked, curious that such an amazing and dynamic man wouldn't want accolades for his success like so many others. She actually liked that about him, but wanted to understand the reasons and not just the actions. She sensed there was something deeper inside of him, something he was hiding from her and her curiosity was running rampant.

He reached out and touched her cheek, amazed by the softness of her skin, not answering her question in favor of finding out some answers of his own.

Kallista felt his touch and froze. There were those feelings again, making her stomach jump and her heart race. The reaction was instantaneous and embarrassing. She felt ashamed that her body would react like this, with feelings so deep, in private places that she didn't want him to know anything about. It was like she'd just run a marathon and couldn't catch her breath and her body was doing things, feeling things that were shocking, throbbing in areas she didn't really think should throb in those ways. She stood up, backing away from the sofa and looking around for an escape route and almost stumbling on the coffee table, then the chair to the side. She knew she looked like a fool, but she couldn't stop herself from needing space from him, from his touch and the way he made her feel.

Hector stood up himself and cursed, furious with her reaction to his simple touch and angry with himself because he actually cared. He didn't want her to be repulsed by his touch. Of all the women in the world, why was he now engaged to the one female who couldn't stand it when he reached for her? Why did so many other women throw themselves at him, claim to want him badly, and he was experienced enough to know that they weren't faking those reactions, but this one tiny, beautiful woman wanted nothing to do with him?

Placing his wine glass on the coffee table with a loud snap. "Kallista, we're going to have to talk about this," he said and ran a hand through his hair in frustration.

"No. There's nothing to talk about," she said frantically, backing away several more feet in a desperate effort to gain more space between their bodies. Even now, as he stood there by the fireplace, all she wanted to do was move towards him and put her hands on his shoulders, having him touch her once again. And those feelings terrified her. She didn't want to feel this way about a man she didn't know. It made her feel cheap and promiscuous.

Why was Hector's touch so different from the other men she'd dated in the past? Why did he have to be the one who set her nerve endings on fire with excitement?

Dammit! Why couldn't she just accept this relationship with emotional reserve like he was doing and not become invested?

If he would just keep his distance, she could deal with it. She could remain aloof. She didn't want to fall in love with a man who considered her nothing more than a business deal.

Hector watched her, noting the frantic look in her eyes and her arms wrapped around her stomach as if she were going to be sick and his desire transformed into anger. He ran a hand through his hair in frustration. "Kallista, what are you expecting to happen with this marriage?" he asked, trying to control his lust inspired temper.

She shivered and turned away, not noticing his jaw clench as he watched her actions. "I thought we could be companions. We could be friends, Hector. I'm a very good listener, I'm a great hostess as you've seen...." She thought frantically, trying to come up with other positives she could give him that might help her convince him that she wasn't a useless female appendage. "I am sincerely appreciative of your help..."

His hand sliced the air, dismissing her list of pointless assets. "I don't need a hostess, Kallista! I can hire someone for that. And you can damn well forget my help for your father as well. I would have done that for him even without marrying you. This was the only way I could get him to allow my assistance. What are you expecting from our marriage?"

His words crushed her even more, but she tried to hide the wound that had just been sliced open with his callous disregard for anything she could offer to him as a wife. She stood up straight and glared back at him, wanting to hurt him just as much as she was hurting.

He interrupted her before she could say anything though, seeing the pain shining through her eyes as she glared back at him. "I didn't mean that the way it came out," he said with a deep sigh.

Kallista straightened her shoulders and faced him with renewed energy, not going to give in just because he looked like he'd just kicked his pet dog. Because that dog was her and she was still trying to figure out how she could survive this marriage if he didn't want the best she had to offer him. "How did you mean it?"

He struggled, trying to figure out what to say that wouldn't hurt her tender feelings. If he'd learned anything over the past evening, it was that Kallista liked the ideal and wanted some sort of fantasy. From a very early age, Hector had learned to deal with the hard reality of life all the time and it was rarely pretty. Life was hard, it was painful and it was usually ugly. With a thud, he realized that he wanted to protect her from that ugliness. He wanted to give this one woman, this beautiful, sweet and sensitive woman what she wanted. He wanted to give her the fantasy. And he damn well didn't know how.

A part of him wanted to lash out at her and tell her to grow up and realize that the world was full of people who wanted to do bad things. But the larger part of him knew that he would protect her from the cruel world as much as possible. His life had been hell at times and he preferred Kallista to be the innocent island, the unsullied anchor he wanted to come home to every day.

He put his hands on his hips and moved closer to her, his eyes challenging her to move away from him. Thankfully, she stood still and he stopped when he was about a foot from her, wanting her to understand what he was going to say but not wanting her to run and hide, which is exactly what he suspected she wanted to do at this very moment.

"Kallista, we will have a real marriage. You're going to be in my bed, every night and I can guarantee that you won't be looking elsewhere for satisfaction."

Kallista cringed at the idea, both of him touching her and of anyone else touching her. She didn't like either scenario, nor did she want him going to another woman for what she might want him to come to her about. That was completely discombobulated, but she didn't care.

She remembered the question she'd had earlier in the evening, just as he was picking her up. "Do you have a mistress?" she asked, looking at his face, trying to determine if he lied to her.

"No, I don't have a mistress," he responded quickly, definitively. "Do you want me to?"

"No!" she gasped and turned half away from him.

He sighed and shook his head. "Kallista, you can't be repulsed by my touch and yet angry if I have a mistress. The world doesn't work that way."

She stepped back, her fingers holding her head as she tried to step away from him, from the jealousy she was feeling at the image of another woman touching him or of him making another woman feel the way she did when he simply walked into a room. She loved knowing that he was coming to meet her, to pick her up and that he looked for her when he entered a room. She'd watched as he walked into a room, loved it when his eyes searched for and found her, his long, muscular legs bringing her to him and not allowing anyone to stop him until he'd reached her side.

She knew she had to explain things to him, to help him understand what she felt and why she reacted to his touch so...violently. She stumbled on her words, and she was grateful when he patiently waited while she worked through her thoughts so she could explain these sensations to him. "It really isn't that I find you repulsive. And that's probably the issue," she tried to explain, her voice barely above a whisper and her eyes unable to meet his because of her awkwardness. "When you touch me, it scares me. And I don't really understand it at all."

He was looking down at her, waiting but when she didn't continue, he had to clarify. "Do you mean you get scared that I'll hurt you?" he asked, not sure what she was telling him.

She shook her head and pushed a stray lock of hair back behind her ear. "No. Absolutely not. I know you won't hurt me. You'd never touch me in anger and I trust you to keep me safe if someone else were trying to hurt me."

"Good! So what about my touch scares you?"

She shrugged and took a deep breath. "I can't really explain it since I've never really felt this before. But when you...touch me...even if it's just a casual touch...I get...weird." She looked at him, wondering if he understood.

"Weird how?"

"You do things to me, Hector. It's not....comfortable."

He listened and couldn't believe what he was hearing. "Are you telling me that your body reacts to mine and you like how it feels?"

"No. I'm saying that it's embarrassing."

"Because you want me to touch you?"

"No. I don't like feeling like that! I don't like being out of control! I don't want to lose my train of thought and that happens when you touch me. I don't like it when I'm....flustered!" There! She'd said it. She had finally explained and he could make of it what he wanted.

She dared to look up at him after that and the look in his eyes was so terrifying, she stepped back and almost fell over the ottoman that was behind her. She couldn't take her eyes off of him as he slowly approached her.

"Kallista..." he said but she shook her head and covered her ears.

The heat in his eyes, the triumphant look that he had about him just infuriated her further. He wanted her out of control! He wanted her to be some sort of simpering idiot! How demoralizing, she thought angrily! "No, don't say anything. Just leave me alone!"

With that, she turned on her heel and ran as fast as she could in the heels she had chosen to wear tonight. If she'd known what would happen, she would have selected running shoes, but she couldn't berate herself about the selection now. She needed space, fresh air and she needed desperately to get away from Hector and that triumphant, heated, terrifying look.

"Kallista, stop!" he called out behind her but she didn't heed his warning. She only ran faster, worried that he would catch her and probably touch her. When she was out in the foyer, she looked around, trying to figure out what to do, where to go. She felt trapped and heard his footsteps coming down the marble hallway. She had to get out of here but she didn't have a car! Why hadn't she insisted on driving herself here? Why had she let him pick her up? But she hadn't known that they would be having this conversation, hadn't realized that he would insist on probing into feelings she didn't want to discuss!

She spotted the keys from his black, powerful car on the table and grabbed them, thinking all along that this was the stupidest thing she'd ever done. As she heard him call out to her again, she found that she didn't care about stupidity at this point. She grabbed her purse, tucked it under her arm and ran out the front door and down the steps, praying that she wouldn't trip in these ridiculous shoes. Ironically, she thought back to when he'd picked her up several hours ago. She'd been trying to manufacture a slip so that she could fall into his arms, just so that she could feel his strength wrap around her and now she was running from exactly that scenario. How ridiculous was she now?

She didn't wait to examine those contradictory thoughts, but raced ahead with her poorly thought out plan. With a flick of her wrist, she opened the car door and slid into the soft leather of the driver's seat, already feeling the power of the vehicle and she hadn't even started the engine. As she sat there, she wondered what in the world she was doing? Was she crazy? She was literally stealing this man's car! And not just any car, but one that cost more than several years' of her salary!

She glanced up at the front door to Hector's magnificent house and there he stood, coming down the stairs with his powerful strides and she didn't think any longer. She simply reacted. And her gut reaction was to slam the key into the ignition then ram it into gear. She took off with wheels screeching and she barely heard Hector's call for her to stop.

It wasn't until she was back at her apartment that she slowed down, not sure what to do now. Had she really just stolen his car? Was she that brazen? That foolish?

Was he livid?

No doubt, she thought and let her forehead fall onto the steering wheel. What had she done? Good grief, she was acting like a spoiled brat who hadn't gotten her prize for being a good girl.

And what had she admitted to Hector during those last few minutes of that uncomfortable exchange? Oh my goodness! She'd just told him that she might actually like his touch? That she was excited when he touched her? So excited that she wasn't sure what to do.

Maybe he hadn't understood. Maybe he'd been so irritated with her pulling back, of her cringing, that he hadn't understood what she'd been telling him.

Then again, even an idiot would be able to decipher that she was a pathetic virgin afraid of her own body's responses.

She laid her head down on the steering wheel and groaned at her absurd reactions.

How silly! What a juvenile reaction to a situation on so many levels. She was a grown woman who had professional responsibilities and a good job. She threw herself into dangerous situations for work all the time in an attempt to get a better story than her competitors so why was she so afraid of what Hector could make her feel?

Her cell phone buzzed at that moment, interrupting her mental castigations. Glancing down, she realized that Hector had just texted her and she hesitated to read the message, petrified of what he would say to her.

In the end, she forced herself to look at the message, bracing herself for his harsh reprimand or criticism of her actions. She deserved whatever he tossed her way, she told herself, taking a deep breath before looking at the brief communication. "Enjoy the ride? I'll see you at the church tomorrow."

She blinked and re-read the words. That was it? He wasn't angry?

Kallista's head ached with trying to figure that man out. She'd seen him when he was storming after her. He'd been furious and now he was asking if she'd enjoyed the car theft?

She tucked her cell phone back into her purse and got out of the vehicle. What was she supposed to do with the car now? She couldn't leave it here out in the open parking lot. Someone would definitely steal it.

She thought about texting him back, but what could she say? "Can I drive your car back so it isn't stolen and another horrible incident on my conscience?" That didn't seem like it was a good plan.

With a sigh, she called him back, deciding to be brave about this since she'd wimped out on their previous emotion filled conversation.

"Hector, I'm really sorry. I don't know what got into me but I'm sorry."

She heard his chuckle and rolled her eyes. She was beside herself with guilt and he was amused? Great!

"Don't worry about it. I'll see you at the church tomorrow."

"Wait! What about the car? I can't leave it out here. Someone will steal it."

"It's insured."

"But...."she thought frantically, trying to come up with an answer. But the only option she had was to drive it back to his house and then sit in the car while he drove her back. That was out of the question. "Can't you send someone over here to get it?"

"Don't worry about the car, Kallista. Worry about getting ready for tomorrow. It's going to be a long day."

With that, he hung up the phone and Kallista stomped up the stairs to her apartment, wishing all kinds of horrible things to be heaped upon his head.

Chapter 6

The day of her wedding arrived and she was a bundle of nerves. She'd spent several nights in Hector's company over the past two weeks but never alone except for last night, and that had turned out to be a pathetic debacle. At least his car was still in the parking lot.

And here she was about to marry the man. Her mother had driven over to her apartment this morning to pick her up at dawn, declaring that there was too much to get done for her to sleep in. The hair dresser was coming at nine o'clock, she needed a good breakfast before the makeup artist arrived, and she had to be dressed and ready for pictures with her bridesmaids by noon.

The morning flew by but nothing her mother could say could get her to eat anything. Kallista rejected all foods except for coffee, knowing that her stomach was too nervous for anything else. She was terrified of facing Hector after last night, her mind frantically trying to come up with an excuse, a way to shrug off her statements about the way he made her feel when he touched her. She didn't want him to have that much power over her! She wanted to be reserved, dignified. Ladylike!

His touch blew away all of those efforts and left her feeling exposed and vulnerable. As her wedding dress was lifted over her elaborately coifed hair and professionally done makeup, she actually hated Hector for making her feel so horrible, so undignified. She was marrying him! Couldn't he leave her with just a little dignity?

She couldn't stop her fingers from shaking and her cousins, who were standing as her bridesmaids, teased her about how nervous she looked. Little did they know that she was marrying practically a complete stranger. A stranger who snapped and yelled and threatened her at every turn so she was so confused she could barely think straight, and then he drove her completely crazy with a simple touch that made her weak in the knees with a queasy stomach.

In the back of the church, she stood behind the closed doors, watching the two bridesmaids walk down the aisle through the stained glass windows of the intricately decorated doors and wondered what everyone would say if she just stepped forward and yelled "stop!".

She didn't have time to act on that impulse since her father stepped forward and looked at her, tears in his eyes. "I want you to know that I'm very proud of you at this moment. You brought Hector into my life at a crisis and he's going to help me more than you can know. I'm glad you fell in love with a man who is strong and can help in ways you don't even understand."

At that moment, Kallista took a deep breath, kissed her father on the cheek and accepted her fate. That didn't stop the shaking knees or the rapid heart rate. Her hand shook as she tucked it into her father's elbow.

As they moved closer and closer to the front, she kept her eyes in front of her. But something drew them upward. As she watched, Hector turned around to watch her progress and the look in his eyes did something silly to her stomach. He looked....proud? Was he actually proud to be marrying her? What did that mean?

As her father placed her cold, shaking hand in Hector's, she prayed that she could get through this and not fall on her face with terror. Hector's hand looked so large compared to hers. Everything about him was huge and she almost stumbled as she took the last step to him. He held her firmly though and she smiled her thanks up into his dark eyes.

When they turned to face the priest, she held onto him, unaware of the grip she had on his hands. She didn't hear the priest as he spoke but when he stopped and looked at her, she realized that he was waiting for her response. "I do," was all she could get past her frozen lips.

Hector's response was much more confident, startling her and making her look up at his strong profile.

And then he was turning towards her, his hands pulling her closer. The warning look in his eyes terrified her and she tried to tell herself that it would be okay. But thoughts were gone as his head descended. If his hand hadn't come up to cup her cheek, his thumb resting just below her lips and surprising her into immobility, she suspected that she might have run at that point. But just like at their engagement party, when he touched her, it was so surprising, so electrifying, she was scared, terrified actually.

And then his lips touched hers, caressing hers gently and the touch was so amazing, she turned her face up, kissing him tentatively back. She stepped forward of her own accord and touched his lips with hers just as he had done to her.

The fire that ignited was startling in its intensity and consuming her rapidly. Hector felt it as well and he pulled her into his arms, his strong ones wrapping around her waist and lifting her up against his hard chest and the thumb that had been resting against her chin pulled her mouth open for his invading tongue.

She imitated everything he did, her mind hoping that he was feeling everything he was doing to her, all that she was feeling. Her hand reached up and touched his cheek, feeling the ruggedness of his profile, the surprising softness of his hair and she wasn't even aware of her body pressing against his as she deepened the kiss on her own while her other hand gripped the lapel of his morning suit.

It wasn't until the priest coughed and Hector realized that the congregation was doing a standing ovation that he understood that their kiss had gotten out of control. As he looked down into her eyes, he saw the confusion, as well as the softness of her lips. Everything inside him wanted to pull her back into his arms and kiss her again, find out if that reaction had been a fluke or was real.

Instead, he turned and tucked her hand into his arm, then led her down the aisle, ignoring the good natured chuckles as everyone noticed his new wife's dazed expression.

The well wishers poured out of the church after them but Hector pulled Kallista into the limousine and he ordered his driver to quickly move out. They drove in silence to his house and Kallista knew she should come up with some sort of conversation, but her mind had decided to shut down. It didn't help that Hector maintained possession of her hand and his thumb was drawing circles on her palm. She didn't even realize he was doing it at first and when she did, she tried to close her hand, but he shook his head and leaned down to her. "Kallista, you either let me touch your hand or I'll touch something else. It's your choice but you will become used to my touch. It's just a matter of where. I told you last night, this will not be a marriage of convenience."

She looked up at him and her eyes pleaded with him to release her. But he was immune to her entreaty so she opened her hand and allowed him the touch. She tried closing her eyes to block out the impact his thumb was having on her, but that only intensified the feeling so she opened them again and tried to look away.

Thankfully they arrived at his house now and she breathed a sigh of relief. She moved to scoot out of the car but he stopped her. "Listen carefully, Kallista. You will remain by my side tonight. No flitting around the reception and going off without me. If you do, I promise you won't like the consequences."

She tried to breathe but her chest was constricting. "Why? What is so important that I stay near you?"

"The fact that you have to ask that question should answer it for you," he said grimly and exited the car from the opposite side. He quickly came around and opened the door for her, extending his hand to help her out, challenging her to ignore his offered hand.

She took it, but his touch only made her knees weaker and her whole body tense with trepidation. She took a deep breath and decided to be honest with him in the hope that he would give her some space. "You make me nervous," she said softly, almost whispering the words as if saying them aloud would be a bad thing.

He looked down at her, his thumb rubbing her lower lip and he moved closer. "Don't worry Kallista. You're strong. You can get through the reception."

She almost cried in frustration that he thought she was nervous about the reception and the guests. She wanted to scream out that it was him that made her nervous, that she wanted space from him and these terrifying feelings he made her feel every time he came close. But the photographer was rushing down the stairs at that moment and Hector pulled her closer. "Don't look like I've just beaten you," he ordered and Kallista pasted a smile on her face.

The whole night, he was true to his promise and kept her close. She sipped champagne and pretended to nibble on the food, but she had no idea what was happening, what she ate or who attended their wedding. The entire event was a complete blur, broken only occasionally by the intensity of Hector's presence when he pulled her closer for one reason or another.

The few times the crowd clinked their glasses, indicating the bride and groom should kiss, Hector simply gave her a kiss on the cheek or forehead. After a while, everyone simply stopped clinking since they weren't going to get a repeat of the wedding kiss.

After dinner, the musicians set up and Hector took her into his arms. Kallista felt like a flower being tossed into the wind, but as he guided her across the dance floor, she changed from a flower to a feather, almost floating across the makeshift dance floor that had been set up for their wedding. Hector was so strong and confident, and he danced so well that she knew exactly when he was going to turn, when he was moving to the left or right. They'd never danced together before, but that night, she felt as if she were mysteriously connected to him in some magical way. She looked into his grey eyes and felt something shift inside her, something deep and overpowering. He wouldn't hurt her, she knew. That didn't ease her tension, but it stopped some of the worry about what was to come.

By ten o'clock, Hector had had enough. He silently signaled to her parents who immediately nodded back, getting the message that they needed to take over the reception and herd the guests out of his way. He then turned to Kallista who hadn't left his side the whole night, acting the attentive, if somewhat dazed bride throughout the event. He wasn't sure if he was amused or irritated by her compliance since he had to threaten her to achieve his goal. The threat had worked like magic though and he at least had her admission of last night to explain her apparent fears. That alone eased a great deal of his frustration with her past actions, giving their whole two and a half week relationship a different light.

Instead of dreading the night ahead as he'd been anticipating, he was now eagerly looking forward to testing out how much he really could make his new wife feel. If only a fraction of what she'd admitted last night were true, he was going to transform those feelings of fear into desire and show her how to embrace them instead of running from them.

He moved to the exit, slowly but determinedly making his way through the crowd with her on his arm. It was slow going since so many people were still trying to wish them both happiness. But Aella and Demetrius came to the rescue, intervening on their behalf with the other guests and allowing Hector to guide Kallista out the door without the normal tossing of the rice. No one seemed to mind though as they waved their final goodbyes with applause behind them.

"Aren't we staying here?" Kallista asked when he led her out his front door and into yet another limousine.

He picked up her voluminous skirts, helping her into the car and trying to hide his impatience. If she knew how much he wanted to have her alone, where no one could interrupt them, she would be running back into the reception and refusing to leave the security of the crowd. "No. We'll stay the night in a hotel room before flying out to my private island tomorrow morning."

"Oh," she said, surprised but not sure why. He hadn't consulted her about any of the other arrangements, why would their honeymoon be any different? She supposed she'd almost convinced herself that they would just eliminate the honeymoon so he could get back to work on Monday morning. He'd been so distant over the last two weeks and there had been no intimation that they would be intimate until last night's dinner conversation.

But there was no denying the intent in his eyes now. Kallista wished she'd come more prepared, had done something special for the night, but she'd been so overwhelmed by the whole wedding preparation, she hadn't let herself think about the wedding night.

"You're nervous," he said, stating it instead of asking her the question.

"A little," she replied, then cleared her throat and tried to sound stronger.

"Why are you nervous? I won't hurt you."

Kallista felt the tears well up in her throat. If only she'd kept her mouth shut last night, maybe he wouldn't be so confident right now and that would give her some measure of poise. But right now, he held all the cards. He knew how he affected her, it was their wedding night and he was going to have sex with her. That was all there was and she couldn't stop it no matter what she said or did.

She looked out the window, unable to see anything but the darkness and an occasional passing street light but she couldn't look at him. "I think you know why I'm nervous," she said with as much calm as she could pull out of her. Which wasn't very much, she accepted.

They arrived at a beautiful hotel in downtown Athens more quickly than she would have thought possible. They had been quiet during the ride and she realized now she should have been asking questions, talking to him and trying to find some measure of peace with what was going to happen tonight.

The hotel manager met them at the door and handed Hector the room key, explaining that their luggage had already been delivered to their suite.

Kallista looked up at Hector, confused. "I didn't pack anything for tonight," she said, horrified that she'd been so out of it that she hadn't packed an overnight bag for her wedding night.

"Your mother sent your luggage on ahead. I believe she bought your trousseau as well, with my compliments."

That caused her face to turn a bright red, wondering what her mother might have bought for her wedding night and honeymoon. Her mother's taste ran to the romantic and she worried about what might be in those bags, what she might be forced to wear for however long their honeymoon would last.

The private elevator swept them up to the top floor and Hector took her hand as he led her through the penthouse suite. He didn't let her stop and smell the flower arrangement in the foyer, guiding her right back to the bedroom.

She shivered as she looked around, her eyes only seeing the lovely bed. The lovely, large bed right in the center of the bedroom.

Her entire body was shaking, terrified of what was to come but she couldn't form any words that would tell him of her terror.

"Any chance of a reprieve for tonight?"

"Why do you say you need a reprieve?" he asked gently as his fingers moved up to take the pins out of her veil. With agile fingers, he tossed the pins onto the dresser, then worked on her soft, brown tresses, letting them fall around her shoulders, his fingers trailing down as he ran his hands through the length and gently untangling the curls that had been piled on top of her head for the past several hours. "Tonight isn't a punishment, Kallista."

She laughed, but it came out sounding more like a hiccup. "Why does it feel that way?"

"I don't know. Why don't you tell me what you're thinking will happen tonight?"

"I think we're going to have sex."

"You don't think of it as making love?"

"Not when it's with a stranger."

He kissed her gently on the shoulder where the lace of her wedding dress stopped. "We're not strangers. I'm your husband now, although you might have missed some of that. I noticed you weren't paying a great deal of attention during the ceremony," he commented, amused at the memory.

She took a deep breath and stepped away. "I'm sure this is all hilarious for you but look at it from my perspective. I don't know you and you don't really know me. We don't understand what makes each other tick so how can this be a good night for me?"

He let his morning coat slide off his arms and he tossed it over a chair. "That sounds to me like you think I have sex with strangers all the time."

"Don't you?" she challenged, her stomach clenching at the jealousy she felt at the idea of anyone else being with him.

"No. What makes you think that?"

Kallista looked up at him, trying to determine if she was making him angry or what he was feeling. But there was no emotion on his face, other than the obvious intent that he was going to get her into that enormous bed. She felt a bit silly for trying to delay this. Maybe she should just pull off her dress and get it over with.

"Focus, Kallista," Hector said patiently. "Don't look at the bed. Look at me and talk to me."

"I can't," she finally said and bowed her head with humiliation. "It's a big bed and I know you're going to pull me into it and I'm feeling like a silly virgin on her wedding night. So right now, I'm taking the liberty of focusing on things that are ever present and powerful. That includes you, by the way so don't think I'm eliminating you as that ever present and powerful distraction that is keeping me from listening to your inane conversation."

Hector stilled and looked down at the beautiful woman who was practically wringing her hands with fear of what was to come. Was she....?

He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Kallista, are you telling me that you actually are a virgin who is worried about your wedding night or are you just acting like a virgin on her wedding night?"

Her shoulders drooped and she almost fell onto the chair on which he'd just tossed his jacket. "You're a brilliant man. You figure it out."

Hector was stunned. This sexy, gorgeous woman with a cloud full of soft, shining hair and a figure that was lush and sexy and had haunted his dreams for weeks, had never been with another man? Was that possible?

"I thought you were about twenty five years old."

"What does that have to do with this conversation?' she asked irritated that he would bring up something so irrelevant.

He looked down at her curiously. "And you've never experimented with men? You've never had sex before?" He realized that this was a ridiculous conversation to be having on his wedding night. His wife's sexual experience should not be a surprise to him at this point but he'd been so preoccupied by helping Demitriusus out of his financial issues as well as his thoughts of getting her into bed that it hadn't even occurred to him that he should ask if Kallista had been with another man before. He'd simply assumed that she had some experience. Even a great deal, he thought with amazement. Until last night's conversation and revelations, he'd translated her reactions to him as revulsion because she wasn't interested in him as a man. To be twenty-five years old and still a virgin...it was unheard of to his knowledge. Especially with her beauty and sensuality.

She stood up and began pacing in front of him, walking away and coming back in an effort to get rid of a tiny bit of this nervous energy she was feeling. "Of course I've experimented. I just never actually....well, I've sort of stopped...."

On her trip back towards him, he took her hands to stop her movement. Hector bent down so he was at eye level with her. "Kallista, its okay for you to speak plainly. This conversation would go a lot more smoothly, and quickly, if you'd just tell me about your experiences."

"My past relationships are none of your business."

He chuckled. "If there had been any, they would be none of my business. But the fact that you've never had intercourse is a completely different issue. And if that's the case..."

"That's the case," she confirmed almost belligerently.

"Well, I'd like to understand how that's possible, but right now, I'm more interested in figuring out how I can make you more relaxed so I can make love to you until you're no longer worried about tonight."

"I don't think that's going to happen."

He smiled and moved closer, not letting her escape him even though he could tell that she desperately wanted more space. Tonight, he wasn't giving her any space. He was slowly working towards eliminating all space between their bodies, in more ways than one and in the only way that really meant anything on a wedding night. "Oh, we're going to make love. Whether you're going to stop worrying, that's a whole other problem. One which I'm more than willing to try and help with but I need your honesty now."

She looked away and shrugged her shoulders. "I haven't ever had sex."

Something inside him unraveled; a tightness he hadn't realized was there but now that he was about to make love to her, without any interruptions and knowing that he would be the only one to possess her lovely body, to touch her and feel her come apart in his arms, he was in a much more generous mood. And more willing to go slowly, talking to her if that would get her to relax a bit more. "Why is that?" he asked conversationally, and pulled her slowly over to the sofa so that the bed was behind her. The way she kept glancing in that direction told him that she was obsessing about the bed, as if that was the only piece of furniture on which one could make love, he thought with secret amusement.

She took the seat and gathered the skirt of her wedding dress around her, slipping her shoes off. It occurred to her that she wouldn't be able to run away like she had last night. It didn't matter if she'd eliminated the heels, she still had the voluminous skirt and cumbersome bodice to slow her down. She also knew that Hector wouldn't let her get away as he had last night. "Because it just never really felt right."

She wasn't going to run away anyway. She was going to be brave and deal with this head on. It was going to happen and she might as well just get it over with, she thought with resignation.

If only she didn't feel so out of control. Was there a way? Could she tell him what she felt and ask him to help her with that kind of panic?

Hector could see that her mind was flitting around, not still on one thought. "And it still doesn't, does it?"

She looked down at her ring finger that now wore not only the lovely engagement ring but also his wedding band, then at his rugged face that had somehow turned handsome over the past two weeks. She didn't know how to answer his question without irritating him, so she just didn't even try. "Any chance we could just be friends?"

He wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh or growl at her response. But his mind went back to the moment in the church when he'd kissed her. She hadn't wanted to be friends at that moment. And if it had worked one time, it would probably work again. "Not a chance in hell," he replied softly before standing up and pulling her into his arms.

She looked up at him anxiously at first, but he didn't give her time to panic. His arms wrapped around her waist and his mouth covered hers in a deep, passionate kiss that told him everything he wanted to know. Her response was tentative at first, but after only moments, he could sense the change in her, the reaction he'd been waiting for ever since he'd kissed her at the church. When he felt her hands move up around his neck and her body press against his, he knew that he'd overcome her silly and unrealistic desire to remain just friends.

Damn! He wanted this woman with a passion that was relentless but he had to slow down and take it easy. He unbuttoned his shirt and moved closer, not removing the shirt but letting it hang down, giving him a little cool air to try and slow himself down.

With slow hands, he moved his fingers along her waist. Feeling her body tense with the movement, he kept up with the touch until she sighed and relaxed against him once again. He continued to kiss her, his tongue teasing, his lips caressing and, every once in a while, he nibbled at her lip. When she smiled at that and turned her face up towards his, giving in and accepting that touch, he moved on. He moved his mouth across her cheek, stopping at her ear, hearing her gasp as he nibbled along the delicate shell, then moving downward. When he felt her body shift towards him, he controlled his libido and slowed down even more.

Moving slowly, he kissed her neck, her shoulders, teasing her collar bone, all the while, moving his hands along her waist, then up her back and back down to her waist. She stiffened when she felt him loosen one of the pearl buttons along her back, but when his fingers ran along the newly exposed skin, she arched towards his hand, inhaling sharply and closing her eyes with excitement.

Kallista couldn't believe how wonderful his hands and mouth felt. She wanted more, wanted him to move faster, to touch her skin with his long fingers but he kept the pace so slow and she didn't know how to ask him to go faster.

With a need that was pounding through her, she lifted her own hands from his forearms and slid them up his arms, running her fingers along his biceps and reveling in how strong he was. And all of that strength was contained, held back for her benefit so he wouldn't frighten her. This latent power, just under her fingertips made her feel feminine and protected, soft and wanted. Needed actually.

When he stepped back and her wedding gown fell to the floor, Kallista almost protested, her eyes looking down for the fraction of a second he allowed her before he lifted her into his arms and set her down outside the pool of her gown.

She stood there in front of him in only her strapless satin bra, lace underwear and the lace topped, thigh high stockings her mother had convinced her would be perfect for her gown. Why she'd given into her mother, she didn't know. But seeing the heat in Hector's eyes, the intensity of his gaze, she understood the power she might have over him. Instead of lifting her hands to cover herself as she desperately wanted to do, Kallista forced her hands to remain by her sides, although she turned her red face away from him, unable to look at him while he surveyed her almost naked body.

"Please don't shy away from me, Kallista. I find you're amazingly beautiful. And seeing you like this, knowing that no other man has touched you, or even seen you like this, it humbles me." He took her hand and placed it over his chest, letting her feel his heartbeat. "This is what you do to me," he explained. "I want you. And I might be able to make you feel things that are outside of your comfort zone, but be assured that you do the same thing to me."

Kallista's fingers curled slightly in an attempt to feel his heart racing. Her eyes, stunned and amazed, looked up at his face, seeing the truth of his words in his strong features. He wanted her. He was feeling exactly what she was experiencing, she thought.

In response, she stepped closer. Her legs barely stood, but she got as close as she dared. Taking a deep breath, she moved her hand across his chest, feeling his hot skin, reveling in the light coat of hair that covered his chest and smiling when she heard his sharp intake of breath as her fingers touched him. When he groaned, she took a deep breath and, gathering all her courage, kissed him right there, in the middle of his magnificent, muscular chest.

His hands immediately went up to her head, his fingers diving into her hair and pulling her head back while his mouth covered hers again, ravaging this time, showing her without words that he wanted her desperately.

Kallista didn't pull back. In fact, she increased the intensity, lifting her face up to his and kissing him back with her heart pouring out her gratitude for how sweet he was being with her this first time. As he kissed her, she stopped thinking. Her hands were no longer afraid of touching him. It became a compulsion, a need she couldn't quench and her hands moved across his skin, feeling and testing the various textures, her body aching, her stomach clenching even tighter as she explored more. Everywhere she touched, she wanted to feel more. She pushed his shirt off his shoulders and Hector helped her, tossing it over her wedding gown before bringing her hands back up to his chest, encouraging her touch the only way he knew.

When his hands touched her bare skin, she pulled back, her eyes closed and her mouth open as she gasped and moved. Not away this time, but towards him, pressing her soft curves against his hard body, feeling his erection against her stomach but no longer afraid of what it meant.

His fingers expertly released the clasp in the back and her bra came lose. Hector lifted her into his arms, even as she grasped her bra, trying in vain to keep the material in place. He carried her over to the bed and laid her gently in the middle, then climbed in beside her, holding himself above her with his strong arms and looking down at her. He didn't try to convince her with words to let the bra go. Instead, he lowered his head to her fingers that were holding the satin material in place, kissing and nuzzling, biting the tip of one finger, then sucking on the end. It only took a few moments of that kind of torture and her hands were back around his neck, her arms moving around him so her hands could bring his head back to her mouth.

He kissed her deeply, while his hands moved up from her waist. When his fingers cupped one breast, he loved the way her body arched against him, pressing her breast into his palm and crying out with little gasps. He moved his mouth downward, inching ever so closely to his initial goal and when he finally reached her breast, he hesitated. She was completely still, her eyes closed and Hector blew slowly on the tip, watching in fascination as the raspberry nipple peaked before his eyes. She shook her head back and forth, her body moving of its own accord when he didn't take her nipple in his mouth. She arched against him while at the same time, bringing his head down, meeting him halfway. When his hot mouth closed over her nipple, the little sighs and mews turned into a gasp of pleasure which made his body ache and throb.

He paid homage to her breast, teasing the tender flesh until she shook her head, her hips moving restlessly under his until his hands came down to hold her still. A man could only take so much torture, he thought as he moved to the other breast. But because she didn't stop her movements below, his shifted, his knee pressing between hers and he smiled slightly when her legs opened for him, his hips moving between hers.

With careful, slow movements, he pressed himself against her, letting her feel him before he started entering her. One hand moved low, a finger slipping inside her hot, wet core all the while his mouth worshipped her other breast, moving back to the first and ensuring that she was just as driven with need as he was.

When he looked down at her, her eyes were still closed and her body was actually moving rhythmically to his hands. He couldn't believe how sensuous she looked, her body flushed, her hips pressing against his hands and her cute tongue sticking out of her mouth as she focused on finding that currently elusive friction he knew she needed.

With careful movements, he replaced his fingers with his erection, pressing ever so slowly into her heat, groaning as he realized how tight she was, how her body wrapped around his like a tight, hot glove, squeezing him and he felt her nails clench slightly against his arms.

He moved in slightly, then pulled out and almost smiled when her face registered her frustration with that movement. When he pushed back in, she sighed and lifted her hips, knowing instinctively how to move to drive him crazy with the need to pound into her.

He slipped out, then in again, slightly deeper each time until he found the barrier. With tender hands, he held her head and called her name. "Kallista!" he called out when she didn't respond the first time.

"Don't stop!" she begged, her back arching to try and take him deeper inside her body.

Hector groaned and held himself still and shook his head. "Look at me," he commanded, his voice husky with the pleasure she was giving him with her innocent movements.

When she opened her eyes and looked up at him, her breathing rapid and labored, her hips still moving to try and gain more of him, he looking into her eyes. "I don't want to hurt you, but..." he stopped and let her know that he was going to do it anyway.

Kallista had only a moment's notice before he plunged in, deeply filing her up. There was a small ping she felt and a slice of pain, but it was over before she even knew it had occurred. She looked up at him, feeling him so deep, stretching her wide and making her gasp with the fullness. But it wasn't enough, she thought with frustration. "Please," she cried out and lifted her legs to wrap around his waist. "I don't know what to do," she said and shifted instinctively.

Hector shook his head to try and regain his control. But each time she moved, he lost a bit more of that precious commodity. "Don't, Kallista!" he ordered but she shook her head. "I can't stop," she gasped when he shifted slightly.

Hector pulled her close, wrapping his arms around her and moved, following her lead, he moved in and out of her, shifting to give her maximum pleasure as the rhythm picked up. He increased the pace, his body barely able to slow and, as he felt his climax start to build, tried to clamp down on the feeling, wanting to make this last, wanting to give her the release she deserved. But when she splintered apart, her body climaxing around him and throbbing around his hardness, he could no longer hold back. As she cried out with her own pleasure, Hector pounded into her, faster, harder and when his orgasm took over, he thought his entire body was draining into her small, sexy tightness.

Chapter 7

Kallista pushed herself up on her elbows and watched as Hector swam out to sea, then back again. As soon as his feet touched the ground, he shoved off in the opposite direction and started the whole process again.

She was perched on a comfortable chaise lounge with thick cushions and an umbrella overhead, a book on her lap and a cold drink beside her. A casual observer would think that life was pretty good right about now.

She couldn't believe that she'd originally thought he only looked good in a business suit because of a good tailor. That man was built! And he worked out just as harshly, just as relentlessly as he did everything in his life. They were on their last day of their ten day honeymoon and she knew more about sex now than she'd ever thought was possible. Hector was the ultimate lover, showing her what he liked and demanding that she tell him, or show him what she liked. And when she didn't know if she liked something, he tried it out and let her decide. But in the end, there was very little she didn't like that this man did to her.

At least in bed, that is.

Okay, to be honest, they didn't even need to be in bed. He did nothing in half measures. He worked hard, exercised hard and he played hard. And whenever he saw her, he made love to her. It didn't matter where they were in his island villa, she saw the desire in his eyes as he passed through to wherever he was going.

He didn't allow embarrassment or shyness. He demanded her whole body participate in the experience and she was heady with the need for his possession more than she wanted to admit. She loved it when she could entice him out of his concentration. His focus always seemed so intense, so complete when he was working. But when she walked by his office door, stood inside his office or even if she simply were sitting on a chair reading a book and he walked by himself, she knew she could distract him.

She found that she didn't need to be afraid of the power he had over her. All those silly feelings she'd been so concerned about before the wedding were gone now as she discovered the power she had over him. It was a two way street with this sex thing between them. He might be able to drive her insane with need, to make her quiver with a desire so intense that she was actually screaming out with either frustration when he wouldn't give her the climax her body was demanding, or when he brought her over the edge so she was crying out with the extreme pleasure his body could deliver when he gave her that climax. But she could do the same to him.

Not to the same level, she knew. He had strength on his side. He might allow her to have a small amount of control when they were making love. Occasionally he let her be on top and she could kiss and taste him, explore his body. But just when she was really starting to enjoy herself, he would growl out his frustrations and pick her up, placing her beneath him, or in whatever position he wanted her to be in, and he would take her, possess her so completely that she didn't even care that he'd taken her control away.

Although she didn't have a great deal of experience with other men, Kallista was knowledgeable enough to realize that Hector was genuinely the ultimate lover. He was kind, compassionate, passionate and relentless. He never failed to not only satisfy her, but drive her so crazy with desire that she could barely breathe as her climax took over her body.

The man had an entire communications office set up in his vacation home so he might be on his honeymoon, but he also worked more than ten hours each day. She might have felt abandoned and lonely, but she was actually appreciative of the time alone, giving her some precious time to recuperate. She couldn't believe that she actually needed time to regroup, to prepare for the intensity of her husband's next session of making love!

But now the honeymoon was about to be over and she wasn't sure how she felt about it. She'd been with him for ten days and ten nights on an island with soft sand, a beautiful pool, romantic stars and meals cooked by some magical staff that she'd barely seen since they cooked and cleaned so efficiently that the meals just suddenly appeared on the table.

Unfortunately, she still didn't really know him. He worked so hard on some days, and during those periods she tried very hard not to disturb him, not sure what kind of reception she might get if she walked in and asked him...anything. Good grief, she'd be interested just to know what he was working on, amazed at his focus. Unless she walked by, she thought with relish. She remembered the first time she'd walked by his office door. She had just been wandering by, trying to find her way out of the house but their bedroom was at the end of the hallway and she had to pass by his office to come down the stairs. She'd been wearing a two piece, red bathing suit with a sheer, red sarong that day. She'd had a book in one hand and her hat in the other and he'd called out to her. She'd stopped and come back to the door, only to find herself swept up into his arms, carried right back to their bedroom so he could make love to her, taking her breath away and leaving her exhausted.

She sighed at the memory as she took a sip of her cold, tangy drink and watched as Hector made another swath across the ocean, the muscles in his back flexing as his arms tore through the water, the sun glinting off of his shoulders. That had been a good morning, she'd thought.

When she did see him away from his office, he was either working out, pushing himself so painfully hard she often thought he was going to hurt himself, or he was making love to her. Even during the meals, he was aloof and usually distracted. Until he took her into his arms and at that point, his whole focus was only on her and doing things that, in the morning, made her blush.

And the worst part of it was, she was really falling in love with him. He might not talk to her much, but she watched him, saw his reactions and the small emotions that flitted across his face. She definitely respected him, but she wanted to know him. She wanted to share his dreams, to do something with him and not be his sexual receptacle, even if it was incredible sex.

They would return to his home tomorrow. He'd casually asked her if she needed help moving out of her apartment but, since that hadn't even occurred to her, she shook her head and told him she had it under control. That was the end of the conversation on that subject. And on all subjects that day.

She sighed and rolled over onto her stomach, turning away from his relentless, killing swim. She didn't want to see him anymore. She tried reading her book, but it was a mystery that took more concentration power than she could muster at the moment.

Instead, she laid her head down on her arms and let the sun heat her body, enjoying the relaxing warmth.

They were leaving tonight, heading back to Athens and she wished they could stay a little longer here in this private paradise. She wanted so desperately to figure out a way to break through his indifference, to find out what motivated him, how he felt, what he thought about her and life and love.

She bit her lip and closed her eyes. It was hell loving a man who didn't feel anything in return. With a flick of her wrists, she untied her blue bathing suit top, not wanting tan lines on her back. She didn't have a particular dress in mind, but she knew that a backless dress would look better without the tan lines.

She was dosing softly as the sun relaxed her muscles, easing her mind and letting her float along carelessly. She didn't hear Hector come out of the water. Nor did she notice when his large body blocked the sun. In fact, she wasn't even aware of him being close until she felt the water drip off his body onto her sun-heated skin which caused her to rise up in surprise as the cold shocked her system.

"What...?" she looked back and saw him then. Hector was looking down at her, his breathing hard and his body in the same condition.

"Don't move," he ordered as his body slid onto the chaise lounge behind her.

"What are you thinking?" she asked, looking around to see if anyone could see them from the house.

He laughed and kissed her back, right between her shoulder blades where he knew she had a sensitive spot. "I've been watching you, Kallista, and you've been sitting here looking like some exotic mermaid, enticing me out of the water."

"I've been sitting here, innocently reading my book," she contradicted, but she shifted slightly to accommodate his large body against hers, already reacting to just his words, the anticipation of his touch making her bottom rise up to come in to contact with his groin.

"And the topless thing? That wasn't to lure me out?" he asked softly, then whipped her bikini top out from under her, tossing it several feet away.

She gasped and looked towards her top. "Why did you do that?" she demanded.

"Roll over and ask me that," he growled, biting her shoulder, teasing her with the cold dripping along her body and his hot mouth.

"I can't," she gasped, closing her eyes, wanting the pressure to increase.

His hand slipped under her stomach, moving higher and he chuckled as she lifted herself up, giving him more access to her delectable body. "Then I'll just have to be creative to get what I want, won't I?" he asked, his hand sliding lower.

She felt his hands slip the ties off of her bikini bottoms and she shook her head. "We can't do this out here," she said.

"Yes we can. And we will."

"Take me inside," she countered.

"Take me in your body," he replied.

"No."

His hand stilled and he laughed softly. "Love, have I ever let you get away with that response?"

She shivered and shook her head. "Not yet."

"And don't kid yourself that I ever will. Now take me inside you."

When she tried to move away, teasing him and not really disagreeing with him, he laughed again and nipped her waist with his teeth. "So you want to play, do you?"

Kallista thought about that for a moment and nodded her head, then shook her head, denying him. "Let's just go inside," she sighed and tried to turn over.

"Let's see what we can do right here," he countered and he lifted himself up, kneeing behind her and surveying her naked body lying below him. He was merciless and Kallista secretly loved it. That didn't mean she wasn't shocked though when his knee moved between her legs, forcing them apart. And when his fingers ran over the back of her legs, ending at her bottom, massaging the round flesh beneath his hands, she was no longer protesting being out on the beach. "You have a beautiful backside. It's almost as lovely as the front of you," he teased.

After several moment of teasing, where his fingers made her gasp and try to wiggle away, he groaned and took her hips in his hands, lifting her up. "I want you now," he said and his fingers slid inside her heat. "You're so hot for me, aren't you?" he asked and bent over her back, kissing her along her shoulder blades. "Guide me inside you," he said with a deep voice.

Kallista couldn't reach him with her hands, but she was too far gone to deny his command this time. She moved her bottom, trying to find him. When he helped her, pressing his erection against her, she was able to take him, gasping as he filled her up, stretching her aching flesh and making her whole. She continued to guide him with her hips but he grew impatient with her slow torture and took her hips in his hands, pressing himself inside the rest of the way.

Kallista threw her head back as he pushed all of himself inside her. Every time, she wondered if she would be able t take his length but somehow, she stretched and made it work. And then he started moving, his hands at her hips and setting the rhythm. She no longer cared if anyone was watching from the house or the ridge. All she cared about was finding her release, of taking him inside her and both giving him pleasure by moving the way she knew he liked, and taking her own pleasure by increasing the friction, pressing back against him so he filled her more completely.

And when she knew she couldn't take anymore, he pushed harder, faster, deeper and she thought that perhaps even the fish out in the ocean could hear her cries as her orgasm swept over her, wave after wave of pleasure gripping her until she collapsed against the lounge chair.

Afterwards, he took her in his arms and kissed her shoulders, her arms and held her close, making her feel warm and wonderful. He might not be very good outside of this, but he definitely had this side of the relationship down to a perfect trend, she thought as she sighed happily in the sunshine and afterglow.

Chapter 8

Kallista groaned at the irritatingly persistent sound and rolled over in her sleep. "Your phone is ringing," she said sleepily.

Hector watched as his naked wife reached for him in bed and a satisfied grin formed on his features. He was standing at the foot of the bed and considered getting back in to join her, to take that lovely body with his own and have her begging him once again, but he'd just showered and needed to get into his office for a meeting. It wasn't time to play, he told himself. He'd done enough of that last night.

"Sorry Sleeping Beauty," Hector said as he straightened his tie, then snapped on his cuff links. "That's your phone. I'd really like to know who is calling my wife at this time of the morning."

Kallista rolled over and looked for her cell phone, pushing her hair out of her eyes at the same time. "I have no idea," she groaned, her eyes barely slits as she located the vibrating machine and pressing the talk button. "Hello?" she asked weakly, wanting to get the conversation over with quickly so she could go back to sleep. It was still dark outside and her clock told her that her insane husband was the only maniac awake right now. According to her schedule, she still had at least an hour left to sleep before she needed to be awake, as did the rest of the world. How Hector pushed himself like he did, with minimal sleep, a work schedule that would exhaust a normal person and a daily workout that would kill the average male, she had no idea.

A moment later, she was wide awake and trying to sit up while still holding the phone in one hand and the sheet covering her nakedness in the other. "Dana? Where have you been? Sasha and I have been so worried about you!"

She heard Hector's chuckle at her modesty a moment before he kissed her on the forehead. "I'll be home late," he said and left the bedroom looking gorgeously handsome in a dark suit and red silk tie. He'd only been waiting to make sure it wasn't some male calling his wife before he left. The woman's name gave him pause because he didn't know who she was, but Hector admitted that he didn't know any of his wife's friends.

He'd have to resolve that at some point, he knew, but he was still working out all the details of their marriage. One step at a time, he reminded himself. He'd gotten her over her fear of sex, now he had to become her friend and confidant. At one point, he would have been more than satisfied with what he currently had, never expecting to be so fulfilled sexually. But the more he touched her, the more she responded to him, the more he wanted of her. Not just in bed, but everywhere. He wanted her love, her friendship, her trust...he wanted it all.

"You're getting married?" Kallista repeated. "When? Where? And how is all this happening? Who is the guy? Why did you drop off the face of the earth? Do you have any idea how terrified we were for you? I've been using all of my contacts to see if I can find you but no one has heard anything about you."

Hector was almost out the door when he heard that piece. What contacts did she have? And why hadn't she come to him, asked him for his help? He'd already resolved her father's problems. The company was safe, even stronger than before and Demetrius was even coming to Hector for advice on shoring up other areas of his enterprises, to ensure that he wasn't ever in that kind of situation again. Hector had been humbled by his mentor's request for help and had done all he could to strengthen his friend's and father-in-law's business.

And now he finds that his wife has needed help and hadn't come to him. It angered him, while at the same time showed him how much he still had to go to win her over. He didn't just want her body. He wanted her love.

He walked out of their bedroom, determined to start the ball rolling on finding out what kind of trouble his wife's friend was in. Then he stopped himself as he accepted the cup of coffee his housekeeper handed him before he walked out the door to the waiting limousine. He had to figure out a way to get her to confide in him. That was how she learned to trust him. He wouldn't go behind her back and get the information, concerned that any kind of action like that would violate her trust.

Kallista listened, fascinated as her friend relayed the story of how she'd just returned from the United States and had finished testifying against the men she'd witnessed shooting another man in the subway station. She described her "amazing" husband who Dana portrayed as the yummiest man to walk the earth.

"Wait. Are you telling me that you married the Sheik of Odar? The one and only sheik? The man who magazines rated as the sexiest man alive and one of the wealthiest?" Kallista thought about Hector and wondered why he wasn't on the list. Possibly because he shunned publicity so adamantly, but it was a pity.

Then she shook her head. Hector already had enough trouble dodging women who wanted to throw themselves at him. He didn't need a silly magazine list to increase his popularity. And add to her competition, she grimaced. Of course, the average person didn't know what an amazing lover he was. She did, she thought with a secret smile. If only there were more. Surely there was more to this, wasn't there?

Kallista talked with Dana for a long while, catching up and laughing about all the crazy issues her friend had run into. She then relayed her own news, confiding her angst related to her marriage and her problems with her husband. Feeling sad that Dana had a wonderful man who loved her with his whole heart while she made love to a man every night who had no feelings at all, much less the softer ones of love and fulfillment. She was both jealous and excited for her friend, and eager to meet this amazing man.

Hector came home that night and found Kallista still on the phone, although she probably hadn't been on it all day long. She was working out some arrangements, he suspected that he would be taking her somewhere to meet her friend's new husband, the man she'd been discussing earlier this morning.

Not wanting to disturb her, he waved to her over her laptop screen, then moved into the bedroom to take a shower.

Over the next three days, he found himself having those same feelings whenever he found his wife on the phone, which was just about all the time. The only moments she wasn't on the phone was when the two of them were at some formal function or another event. On the one hand, Hector was proud to have such a beautiful woman on his arm who was also working hard at some project that interested her. She wasn't someone who let the world flow by but grabbed it and hung on to the lion's tail. Kallista's smile and her gentle spirit drew people out and she made them feel good just by talking with her. And every time she came out of her dressing room, she looked fabulous. He loved the fact that he could dress her in that way. If anyone had known him fifteen years ago, they would have laughed in his face at the idea of him being able to drape his wife in silk and satin gowns. She needed jewels, he thought and made a mental note to have his secretary pick something out.

As he watched her move about the room that evening, talking with the various groups in the ballroom, he mentally shook his head. Picking out jewels for his wife was something he wanted to do personally. His secretary had purchased baubles for his mistresses in the past when a birthday or significant event came up, or as a parting gift. Having her do that same chore for his wife left a bad taste in his mouth.

Besides, he wanted to personally make sure that, whatever his wife wore, she would both like and the jewels reflected how he felt about her, how proud he was of everything she represented.

Hector took a sip of his bourbon and turned away from watching his wife laugh with a group of women several feet away. He wasn't going to go into his feelings for his wife right now. She was complicated and a free spirit, not someone who wanted to be burdened by his emotions. She'd married him for his help and expertise in extricating her father from a bad situation. He wouldn't complicate her life and his by falling in love with her. She was a good wife and will be a great mother to their children. That was all he could expect from this relationship and wishing for more was asking for something outside the realm of possibility.

The next evening, he came home in time to shower and change for the evening but Kallista was nowhere to be found. He asked his housekeeper and was informed that she'd been gone since only a few minutes after he'd left earlier in the day.

Ten minutes later, Hector was in the shower, contemplating possible places she might be when she breezed into their bedroom. He heard her and spied her though the steamed glass of the shower walls, wondering why she looked so flustered.

"Tough day?" he asked as he walked out of the shower, toweling himself off as he watched her.

Kallista almost jumped when she heard Hector's voice. Of course she'd heard the shower running so she knew he was in the bedroom, but she hadn't expected him to come out so quickly. She'd actually been hoping to have a few more moments to gather her thoughts and figure out what her next move would be with this interminable investigation. She'd lost the man she'd been following earlier today and had been scouring the streets all afternoon trying to find him again. He was one of the biggest drug dealers in the city and she was so close to finding out how he smuggled the drugs in and what his distribution chain was.

She tossed her bag on her dressing table and slumped onto the bed, frustration and anger at losing her prey. Why couldn't this tailing thing be easier? The dealer was a slippery little eel! Couldn't he just walk one way and point to where he was storing all of his drugs? Her feet ached, she was hot and thirsty and, because she'd been out in the sun all day, she felt sticky from the heat and humidity. All she wanted to do was have a cool shower and relax with an icy, cold drink. And maybe rest her aching head on Hector's broad shoulder. A hug would be really nice too!

"Irritating day," she grumped and sighed, turning away and pulling her denim jacket off before tossing it onto the bed. "What are we doing tonight?" she asked and started to take her small, gold earrings out in preparation for getting ready for the next evening event. She was painfully tired and just wanted to crawl into bed, but if Hector needed her, she was going to be there for him. It was the least she could do.

Hector watched as Kallista practically growled in frustration over whatever had occurred during her day. She wasn't normally this jumpy and always had a ready smile but tonight, she was grouchy, tossing her purse and jacket onto the bed and prowling the confines of the bedroom wearily. "What happened?" he asked softly as he moved closer to her.

Kallista's eyes stopped glaring at inanimate objects as he approached. Instead, she noticed his massive chest with water droplets still clinging to his skin. "I...um...." She took a deep breath, trying to come up with an explanation for why she was so grumpy, but the large expanse of bare skin was distracting.

"You...?" he asked, smiling as he realized that she was just as distracted as he was, but for a different reason now. He preferred this excuse, but he also wanted to know where she'd been all day.

Kallista reached out and touched his chest, her fingers diving through the chest hairs, loving the way they tickled the palm of her hand. "You could make my day better," she whispered, then quickly glanced up at his face, trying to determine if he was offended by her request. Did he think she was wanton for asking him to make love to her? Was he horrified?

The dark, intense look in his eyes let her know that he wasn't. In fact, he seemed pleasantly surprised that she had taken the initiative.

"What do you think would help you shake off the day?" he asked and took a step closer.

Her fingers moved slightly, her eyes glazed over and her tongue darted out to lick her lips. "I think that if you....well...," her hands moved down to the towel around his hips and loosened the knot holding it in place. "Could you...?"

"Say it, Kallista," he commanded with a husky, deep voice, encouraging her to tell him what she wanted. "I'd love to hear you say the words."

She let her hands wander a bit more, then pushed the towel out of the way, inhaling sharply when she found him already hard and ready for her. Her fingers moved farther downward, wrapping around his erection and feeling the velvet steel, reveling in the power in her hands. "I want to make love to you," she whispered a moment before she sat down on the bed, his erection right in front of her at this level.

"Kallista!" he said harshly, but his hands were gentle in her hair, pulling the band out that held her pony tail in place so his fingers could wrap around her long, brown tresses. "You don't have t do this," he groaned.

A moment later, her warm mouth covered him and he almost lost it right then and there. She was so tentative, so careful that he wanted to climax but held himself back. This experience was too incredible to be ruined by coming too quickly. But it was sheer torture when her hands explored, feeling her way around him while her mouth tasted, her tongue teased.

After only a few moments, he had to stop her. "No more," he groaned and pulled her up, lifting her into his arms and kissing her deeply.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, loving the way he kissed her, the warmth of his body against her and she desperately wanted out of these clothes.

"I need to shower," she gasped when he picked her up and laid her down onto the bed.

"Damn the shower," he growled and unbuckled her leather belt, then worked the zipper of her jeans. With one swift movement, he pulled the jeans down her long, sexy legs then stood up to survey her. She was too thin, he thought but then he bent and dipped his head, kissing her stomach, his tongue delving into her belly button.

When he smelled her scent, he couldn't resist going lower, wanting to taste as well as smell. She tried to stop him but he simply grabbed her hands and pulled her arms to the side. Moving lower, he nudged her legs open with his knee, laughing at her resistance and winning the weak fight even before it started.

Slowly, with taunting kisses, he worked his way up her inner thigh, trying hard not to move too quickly, but pulled closer by her sweet smell, his mouth desperate to taste her essence. When he finally reached his goal, he blew gently, watching as she arched her back and even tried to scoot away. But he held her firmly, placing one more kiss on her soft skin before his mouth moved to his goal. He smiled when he heard her cry out but didn't relent, smoothing, teasing, licking. With one finger, he slid inside her heat, creating more friction even as his tongue teased harder. She was so close and he wanted this to last, but he was drawn to her more, loving those little whimpers she made each time he moved the way she liked. With two fingers inside her, he bent and sucked her hard nub and watched with amazement as she splintered into her climax, holding her hips steady so he could make it longer, harder.

When he felt her relax, he grinned, then moved up her body once again, making a leisurely trail of bites and kisses as he did. When he reached her breasts, he couldn't resist taking a taste and pushed her shirt higher, unsnapping the front closure of her bra, freeing her beautiful breasts to his view and touch.

Kallista moaned with startled amazement when he whipped her tee shirt over her head, tossing it somewhere in the bedroom. He didn't even bother to remove her bra, simply unclasped the front, then teased her nipples with his fingers and tongue, his teeth and even nudged with his nose and she was once again writhing underneath him, her body alive and desperate once again. "Every time, I'm always amazed that you can get me going again," she said as she lifted her legs higher, running her legs against his hip, trying to encourage him to be inside her. "It isn't supposed to be like this, is it?"

"What do you mean?" he asked as he nipped on her shoulder, positioning himself at her entrance.

"Most women don't like having sex with their husbands," and she gasped when he pushed inside her, lifting her hips to better receive him.

"Are you one of those women?" he asked and moved deeper, pushing harder and watching her face as her eyes closed, her teeth biting down on her lower lip as she pulled him into her warmth.

"No!" she screamed out and her hand slipped down to his hip, pulling him in, showing him what she wanted.

"Tell me," he said and moved slowly.

"I love it when you do this to me," she breathed and shifted her hips, taking him deeper, feeling him stretch her, moving within her and she groaned.

"Like this?" he asked and moved slowly.

"Yes!"

"Or like this?" he asked and moved faster.

Kallista threw back her head, her mouth opening wider. When he moved inside her like this, she couldn't hold back. Nothing was real except Hector and the way he made her feel, the intensity building up inside her and her muscles tightened, her body climbing higher and higher. And suddenly, she couldn't stop it any longer, her whole body exploding, expanding and splintering. Over and over, her body throbbed, until slowly, the waves died down and she floated slowly back to reality.

As he watched her climax, he couldn't hold back his own orgasm. Her muscles tightened around him, he felt the pull, the inescapable drive and then he pounded harder, feeling her body throb around him and he closed his eyes as he lost himself in her beautiful body, collapsing against her and gathering her against his side.

Hector stared up at the ceiling, his heart still beating painfully hard in his chest while Kallista lay draped across his chest. "Must have been a pretty horrible day," he said to break the silence.

Kallista lifted her head and looked down at him, worried now about her action. "Are you upset with me? Do you find me..."

He instantly understood exactly what she was asking and rolled over so she was underneath him. "No!" he growled. "I find you more irresistible now after what you just did." He looked down, seeing where their bodies were still connected and his body hardened again just thinking about what she'd done to him, what she'd given him. "I liked it a lot," he replied with a grimace. "Maybe too much." He'd just experienced a mind-blowing orgasm and already he was ready for another round? Impossible! But he couldn't stop it when his erection grew.

She felt his body harden and shifted, trying to adjust to the feeling of his erection growing inside her. It was an amazing feeling and she wanted to move, but his weight was holding her still. "If you could just lift up a bit," she suggested and let her hands slide down his shoulders to his arms, "then maybe we could continue this exploration?"

Since she'd never expressed an interest in sex before, he was delighted with her suggestions, relieved that she was both taking the initiative as well as letting him know what she was feeling. "You're not too sore?" he said but his body started moving even as he said the words.

"Not at all," she replied, her legs moving upwards in order to take him more deeply inside her, gasping when he filled her up, making her feel whole and complete. "You feel wonderful!" she gasped.

"Tell me what you like," he coaxed, watching her face to try and guess, but he wanted to hear it from her, he wanted her words.

"Faster!" she cried out, and her hands moved to his hips, pressing him faster. The feeling of telling him to do something, and then he gave it to her, was a wonderful, powerful feeling. She loved it when he pressed harder, pounded into her.

"Now what?" he asked, his teeth gritting to control his own climax still. He didn't think he'd ever seen anything so sexy, so beautiful as this woman right now telling him what she wanted him to do to her.

"Just don't stop," she screamed and closed her eyes as she moved her hips up to meet his, shifting her body so that she felt maximum friction against his body and within moments, she felt herself fall over the cliff, her orgasm sweeping both of them through wave after wave of pulsating pleasure.

She was quiet for so long, Hector thought she might have fallen asleep. He lifted himself up onto his elbows and looked down at her, chuckling at the blush that quickly covered her lovely cheeks. "You're gorgeous," he said and shifted down so he could nuzzle her neck.

"You didn't mind?"

His shoulders were shaking with his laughter but he shook his head. "Am I acting like I minded?"

"Well, that was in the heat of passion. What about now?"

His mind clicked in to what she was saying and he lifted up to reassure her. "I guarantee that I still love you."

Her eyes widened and she stared up at him. "What did you say?" she asked, her hand touching his cheek.

Hector was stunned that he'd revealed so much. When he saw the tear fall from her lashes, he ached to think that he'd hurt her. "You don't have to respond. I don't even expect you to reciprocate the feelings, Kallista." He pulled away and turned his back on her, about to get off the bed and shower, to berate himself for saying something that would push her away.

Kallista sat up with him, her hand touching his shoulder but pulling back quickly when he flinched away from her touch. She bit her lip, trying to decide what to do, how to say the same words, the words her heart was aching to scream out to him. "I do too," she whispered, her whole body starting to shake with the intensity of her feelings for this man.

He turned and glared back at her. "You do what?"

She was shy now without his arms around her and she wanted to hide in the blanket at the bottom of the bed. But when his eyes glanced lower, then back up at her face, she felt brave. There was something about his eyes, a wariness. A vulnerability that she'd never seen before. "I love you too," she said tentatively.

He was silent for so long she thought she'd misunderstood. Or that he hadn't heard her.

"Why?"

Well, that wasn't a question she'd expected after that kind of declaration. "Why do I love you?"

He stood up and looked down at her, completely unconcerned that he was still naked.

Kallista saw the tension in his shoulders and wondered about it. Pulling up on her knees, she laid her hands against his magnificent chest, her fingers tangling in the light hair spread across. Her palm felt his heartbeat and the rapid feeling gave her courage. "I love you because you're a good man. Because you're kind and considerate and generous."

"I'm none of those things. Besides, you don't have to say those things, Kallista. I won't back out of helping your father. Everything is fine now anyway."

She smiled and kissed his chest. "I know that. And if the only thing I wanted from you was your help, I know you would have done that no matter what. I don't understand you, but I do love you. You can reject my words, but don't push me away. Please Hector," she whispered.

He couldn't help it. When she said things like that, he couldn't help but pull her closer, his hands tangling in her hair as he pulled her onto his lap, cradling her in his arms and reveling in the amazing feel of this woman's softness, her sweet heart and her goodness surrounding him. "I'm not any of those things. You don't know me at all. You don't know where I've come from, what I've done."

She kissed his bulging bicep and laughed softly. "I don't know anything about your history. But I know about your present. I know that you donate loads of money to charities to help kids in trouble, even animals. I know that you're sweet and tender and you put yourself out there for anyone who genuinely needs help, but shy away from anyone knowing about all the wonderful things you do."

"How do you know these things?"

"Because I'm a reporter." When she felt him tense under her hands, she smiled up at him gently. "I won't tell anyone your secrets. I promise. Just love me a little?"

He groaned and pulled her closer. "I love you so much, it's been driving me insane to not know what you were feeling or thinking." He picked her up in his arms and hugged her close, almost breaking when he felt her arms wrap around him. "God help us," he responded. "Don't leave me, Kallista. I promise I can make you so happy. I'll buy you everything you've ever wanted."

She pulled back and covered his mouth with her fingers. "I don't want anything but you, Hector. I don't need all those material things. I want you. I love you in my arms." She took a deep breath and said the things she really wanted. "If you want to give me something, give me more of yourself. Let me inside. I'm always trying to figure you out, to understand you. If you could just talk to me, I want to know you," she said with her hand over his heart.

He lifted her up and sat back down on the bed, loving the way she felt in his arms more than anything else in the world. "I'll try, but that might be more of a journey for me. I'm not used to letting people know me."

"Is it because of your past?"

He stilled and looked down at her. "Yes."

She snuggled into his arms and pressed a kiss on his shoulder. "If you don't want to tell me, I don't want to pressure you."

"You won't like the answer," he commented lightly.

"I like you," she said softly. "So whatever has made you who you are now, must be a good thing."

He carried her to the shower, turning on the hot water and letting it flow over their sated bodies. Kallista wondered if he was going to tell her anything about his past, but she was happy enough to just be with him, to enjoy his company. She felt stronger about what might happen in the future, simply because he loved her. And she actually felt liberated because she'd been able to tell him how she felt.

She sighed with happiness when his hands moved through her hair, lathering the shampoo through the strands and massaging the scalp.

"My mother died when I was two years old. I never knew who my father was," he said softly.

Kallista stilled and waited, wondering if he would tell her more. When she didn't pull away, he continued. "I ran away from the orphanage when I was four years old and lived on the street, stealing for my food, living in various warehouses or abandoned homes." His hands tightened and she finally understood what he was explaining to her.

She turned around in his arms, her own wrapping around his waist as she looked up at him, tears shining through her eyes. "And look at all you've become? Look at how you're giving back?"

"If it weren't for your father, I would still be out there stealing, or maybe dead from drug use."

That startled her, but after a long moment, she shook her head. "No. You're too intelligent for that. You wouldn't have done that. And my father might have helped you, but you're a magnificent man who has paid back that debt."

"It isn't a debt, Kallista. I owe your father something so much more than a debt that I can never repay."

"You don't owe him your life or your self-esteem. And he would never ask that of you. I've seen the way he looks at you. He's very proud of who you have become." She stilled and pulled back slightly. "You didn't tell me you love me just to make things right with my father, did you?"

"NO!" he said with feeling, grabbing her and holding her close. "Please Kallista. Never doubt my feelings for you. I went into this prepared to just accept you as my wife. I didn't ever anticipate finding myself in love with you."

She smiled brightly and nodded. "I think we're both in agreement there."

They left the shower and she padded out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around her, feeling wonderful and fulfilled in a way she'd never experienced before.

"What function are we expected to attend tonight?" she asked as she looked back at him, about to figure out what to wear.

"We were invited to a charity dinner but how about if we skip it and have dinner here instead? I'd love to get to know you. The real you and understand who you are. How about if we both give each other a bit of our past?"

She smiled, feeling a warm thrill run right through her heart. "I'd love that very much."

Kallista finished dressing, in casual clothes this time, while Hector pulled together something to eat from the fridge. He admitted that he had no idea how to cook, but his housekeeper always left something ready for him to just heat up. So when Kallista came downstairs in leggings and a comfortable shirt, initially concerned about being so casual around him, she sighed with relief when she spotted him in a worn pair of jeans and a shirt, which couldn't be considered old or tattered, but at least it was untucked so he looked somewhat relaxed.

He was lighting a fire in the fireplace when she walked in and shyly smiled in his direction. He immediately walked over to her and kissed her gently, reassuring her that everything was still okay. He handed her a plate filled with a stuffed chicken breast, wild rice and some sort of strange vegetable that Kallista knew she wasn't going to eat, now that she didn't have to pretend any longer. She curled up next to him on the soft sofa and they talked about everything. He asked her about her friends and she openly told him about Dana and Stasha, her best friends from college. He remembered her call so early that first morning back from their honeymoon and she laughed, nodding her head that yes, that had been Dana checking in for the first time in months.

"She'd been hunted by some drug dealers or mafia type people all the way to Odar but after her wedding, her husband helped her track them down. All the hit men, and there had been several, had been flushed out and imprisoned for attempting to assassinate the queen, apparently a vile offense according to the Sheik of Odar.

"I can imagine how Hassan would feel. He's not a man to mess with," Hector mentioned.

Kallista turned her head and looked up at him. "Do you know him?"

"We've done some business together. He's a good man."

Kallista was amazed at how far ranging Hector's business acquaintances are. "I consider him a good friend, actually," Hector admitted. "One of only a few."

That was news to her and she was thrilled. "So you wouldn't mind if we went to visit? I was going to ask if I could travel there for a long weekend, but...." She was suddenly worried about asking for his time. She wanted to be with him, loved having his arms around her, but she also knew he was a very busy man. "Forget it, I know you probably have lots of meetings scheduled." She looked down at her plate, her heart beating painfully in embarrassment.

He smiled gently as he heard her unspoken question. "Would you like to visit Dana? To make sure she's okay?"

Kallista laughed softly and looked into the fire. "That would be great."

"Would you mind if I went with you? I'd rather not have you out of my site for that long," he finally said.

Kallista's head snapped around and she stared at him hard, wondering if he was just being nice. "Are you sure? I don't want to be a burden to you!"

He rolled his eyes and grabbed her hand. "Please, be a burden. I'd love it!"

Then she remembered that Hector was rarely nice. She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. "Oh, you're a wonderful man!" she cried. "I really do love you! And you're a genuinely nice man!"

He chuckled at her excitement, pulling her onto his lap as he held her close. "Don't let that get out to my competitors. You'll ruin my reputation."

She snuggled against his chest, burying her smile in his warm, spicy scented neck. "I promise, I won't let the secret out!"

Chapter 9

Kallista smothered a yawn and snapped a few more pictures. It was dark, she was tired and cold and more than a little irritated that the morning was turning out to be a waste of time. She'd gotten a tip that a large shipment of drugs was coming into port this morning. So far, the best she'd gotten was a few good pictures of the sun rising over the rusted out tankers piled up in the ship yard. No drugs, no shipments, no bad guys. Just boredom and lost sleep.

She slumped down against one of the large, metal containers and copied her digital pictures to her phone, then sent them to her home e-mail address. At least she'd have a few good pictures of rust, she thought. Maybe one or two would be good sunrise pictures she could use as background material.

She slipped her phone back into the side of her denim jacket, into a special pocket she'd created that wouldn't fall out when she was running or jumping around. She'd lost several other cell phones that way, either having them drop into water, crash onto cement or asphalt or just jiggle out with unknown impacts while she was rushing from one place to another. The pocket was padded so she was less likely to knock it against something, and had a zipper over the top to hold the phone in place. Ever since she'd sewn this kind of pocket inside several of her work jackets, the worst that had happened to her cell phone was it running out of power. Usually at inopportune times, but then again, there wasn't really a good time for a phone to lose power so that was sort of a redundant thought.

She was just about to get up and head back to her car, prepared to call her contact and rail at him for sending her on a wild goose chase, when she was suddenly knocked on the back of her head, a spear of pain shooting through her skull. She tried to talk, but the words wouldn't form.

As her eyes blurred, she vaguely saw the cold, hard pavement come closer and closer as she fell. Her last thought before she lost consciousness was that she wished Hector were here. He wouldn't let this happen to her!

When she woke up, her head felt like it had been split open and she was in a dark room with dim lights hanging from above her head, cement walls and cement floors. She would have looked up to check out the ceiling more, searching for an escape route, but her head hurt so much at even the smallest movement so she decided that knowing about the floors and walls was good enough for now.

"So, the little busy body is finally awake," a male voice said from one corner of the darkness.

She thought about turning to find out who was talking, but it took too much energy. When she tried to lift her hands up to find out why her head hurt so much, she realized that her hands were tied to the old, wooden chair she was sitting on. "Where am I?" she asked, her voice scratchy and thin.

"You're in a safe place. At least for now." The voice was coming closer and he didn't sound amused. "Who are you and what were you doing down on the docks?" he demanded.

Kallista thought as quickly as possible but her mind wasn't able to come up with a good reason. "Can you tell me who wants to know?" she asked.

She heard the tsking sound behind her and it sent a shiver down her spine. "So quickly we forget!" She heard his footsteps come around to face her. "Surely you remember me!"

Kallista's eyes widened as Rolf Peterson came into view. "What are you doing here, Rolf? I thought you were out of town this week?"

He rolled his eyes. "So we're going to play it that way?"

She looked back at him confused. "Play it what way?"

She gasped when he backhanded her, snapping her head to the right and another dagger of pain rose through her whole body, making her almost gag with the nausea that welled up in response. "I don't understand."

"You were taking pictures! What were you taking pictures of?" he demanded, holding up her digital camera complete with the zoom lens. "The memory card is empty. The card shows that you just sent the pictures somewhere! Tell me who has them, and maybe you'll live to see your parents again."

Kallista could see the truth in his eyes. There was no way he was going to let her go.

She looked down at her camera and considered her options. She had to protect her parents and Hector. There was no way she was bringing them into this mess. She opened her mouth to say something when the ringing started.

Rolf looked around, his eyes frantically searching her bag and jacket to locate the ringing. "I thought you searched her stuff for a cell phone!" he roared, his hand tossing her camera onto a metal table Kallista hadn't seen before. On top was her denim jacket and her bag containing her other cameras and notebook. Thankfully, the notebook was all in code, looking like a daily schedule of meetings with friends. The names of the friends were coded and were actually the names of the drug traffickers she had pictures of as well as the times she'd seen them and where. The code to interpret the dates and times was back in Hector's house on her laptop.

He ripped open seams in her jacket, growling until he located the phone. When he saw the name on the screen, his eyes snapped to Kallista's face. "Why the hell would Hector Christophe be calling you?"

Kallista swallowed the fear and her chin went higher. "He's just a friend," she lied.

Rolf watched her carefully and, after a moment, shook his head. "You're lying. This man means something to you." He shoved the phone at her ear and pressed the connection. "Answer it," he whispered violently.

Kallista hesitated, wondering how she could warn Hector that she was in trouble, without him coming to her rescue. She didn't want him hurt, needed to keep him safe. "Hello?" she asked carefully.

"Honey, where are you? I've been calling for the past hour trying to locate you."

Kallista closed her eyes, frantically trying to come up with an answer. She remembered their conversation from last night and an idea came to mind. "Oh, just having coffee with Dana. We've had similar experiences so we're just catching up," she said, closing her eyes and praying that he would understand her message.

"Okay," he replied immediately. "Have a good time. But don't forget that we're meeting for lunch today. You promised to talk to the caterers and arrange the dinner menu."

Kallista had no idea what he was talking about. There was no dinner to be organized that she knew about and she hadn't scheduled anything with his caterer. All of his business functions were organized by his events coordinator at his office who was a miracle worker. "I know. I haven't forgotten. Let me finish up with Dana and I'll head over to lunch. I won't be late."

"That's fine. I won't either," he replied.

She almost cried when there was silence, indicating that he'd hung up from his end.

Rolf's sneer told her that he knew Hector was more than just a friend now. "So, you're on sweet terms with Hector Christophe." He walked in front of her, his eyes watching the tears stream unwillingly down her cheeks. "Interesting chain of developments, wouldn't you say? That man just cost me a great deal of money, and there are some irritating law enforcement officers looking into my business affairs because of his interference." He tapped her phone against his chin as he contemplated his next move. "Perhaps it's time that I paid him back for that little irritation, don't you think?"

Kallista shook her head. "Leave him alone. He hasn't done anything to you!"

"Except he forced several of my business acquisitions to collapse recently. They were some of my more lucrative enterprises, which is why I'm here, on these stinking docks right now trying to make back some of my money!" He was screaming by the end of his tirade and Kallista cringed, pulling back as far as her bindings would allow.

"I'm sorry. I had no idea."

"You should know!" he screamed next to her ear, spittle flying onto her cheek and she cringed involuntarily. "I wanted your father's business! He had the delivery routes I needed and Hector Christophe came in and mess everything up. So how about if we figure out an interesting way to....give as good as I got, don't you think?"

A strange man with a bald head and a ripped tee shirt stuck his head into the room. Rolf spun around to glare at him. At the man's nod, Rolf's smile grew wider.

Clapping his hands together, Rolf suddenly looked like an evil kid in a candy shop. "Duty calls, my lovely! I'll be back to deal with you in a few minutes," he whispered, delight and anticipation in every word.

Kallista wasn't sure if the screaming or the whispering was more terrifying. But he chuckled as he left the room, slamming the metal door behind him. Unfortunately, he took her cell phone with him, which she'd heard could be used as a tracking device if it were left on.

She just prayed that Hector understood what she'd told him, but she couldn't wait to find out. As soon as she was alone, she started working on the ropes that were binding her arms. She wiggled her hands just a bit, not even aware when the ropes tore her skin. The chair was an old, wooden type that creaked as she moved, which was even better. Apparently, this was the old style chair that had probably been on the docks for years, decades even. The salt and the years only made things easier for her.

She rocked back and forth until she was on her toes, then she hopped over to the nearest wall on her toes, ignoring the pain as the ropes tore at the skin along her ankles. It took her three tries, but finally, the old wood splintered after she knocked it as hard as she could against the cement walls. Once the wood was broken, she was able to stand up and smack the remaining slats against the wall until the joints broke and she just slid the ropes off the wood, then off her wrists.

Once she was free of the chair, she hurried over to the table, her shaking fingers going through the other items in her bag. Her camera was gone, but they'd left everything minus her wallet. That left her sunglasses, a pen light, some chewing gum and her car keys.

She stuffed it all back in her bag, even taking her jacket along even though she had no idea what use it might be later on. It was just a reaction but she didn't have time to contemplate the issue.

At the door, she listened carefully, trying to hear if Rolf had left a guard outside her door. When she didn't hear anything, she bent down and broke her sunglasses. Using the metal side arms that held the lenses in on her face, she scraped the ends against the rough cement wall until there were two points. With those, she bent down and started working the lock.

It took her longer than she'd anticipated to pick the lock open, but she attributed that to her rapid heart rate and the adrenaline that was pumping through her body. The splitting headache didn't help either.

When she finally heard the lock release, she slowly, carefully opened the metal door, listening to hear anything that might indicate a guard or anyone passing nearby. When she only heard silence, she poked her head out the door, looking around. This room looked to be some sort of warehouse office with an old desk and lots of boxes filled with old documents stacked against the wall. There were windows high up on one wall that let in sunlight and a larger window on another wall that Kallista suspected looked down into the warehouse itself. She immediately spotted her camera sitting on another table but no cell phone.

Duck walking over to the table to keep her head lower than the windows above her, she grabbed her camera, checked the battery and cursed when she realized that he'd taken her memory card. She started to bite her lip, but the pain from his slap made her cringe and stop the movement.

Looking around, she saw the outer door to the office but outside that one, she heard voices. Probably not the way to go, she thought. There were some windows high up on the wall on the other side, but she couldn't reach them.

Ladder. She needed some sort of ladder.

She was just about to push some of the boxes underneath the window so she could get out when something occurred to her. She had a spare memory card in her denim jacket. She'd left it there the other day when she'd been taking pictures of the north end of the ship yard. Ducking down once again, she pulled her jacket out of her bag, praying that Rolf's ripping rampage hadn't gotten caused the memory card to fall out.

Finally, luck was on her side. It was deep down in a pocket, but she finally fished it out. Slipping it into place on her camera, she crawled back across the floor, poking her head up just high enough to see through the warehouse window. What she saw made her gasp in horror. Down on the warehouse floor, there was a forklift unloading pallets of white, shrink wrapped packages. She wasn't positive, but she was guessing this was the shipment of cocaine that she'd been waiting for this morning.

No one was looking up at the warehouse office window, so she was free to snap pictures for several minutes. She was careful to get as many faces as possible, ensuring that she caught them near the white material. She'd let the police figure out what was actually in those packages.

Okay, pictures taken, evidence gathered, time to hit the road. She needed to get out of here and get these pictures to the police so they could investigate. And the police needed to get here before these men got rid of all the evidence. Police were secondary though, she thought as she snapped one last picture of Rolf himself taking down one of the packages. When her camera caught him tasting the material, and in the next frame, he was smiling, she knew she had something important.

Time to get out of here, she told herself firmly.

Stuffing her camera back in her bag, she pushed the boxes underneath the windows. Carefully and as slowly as possible, she climbed the boxes until her fingers were just able to reach the edge of the window, then pull herself up. She was just outside the edge of the window looking down, when she realized that she'd have to go up in order to get away. The roof was really her only option since there were men with large weapons directly below her. Thankfully, the roof was easily accessible from this height and she simply lifted herself up and over, careful not to stand too high and draw attention to herself from the people down below.

After that, it was a simple case of hurrying as quietly as possible across the roof, jumping onto the next warehouse, then jumping down onto the stairs for that building's roof access. She couldn't believe it was that simple. In the movies, it was never so easy and someone always died or was wounded while trying to get away. Even in all the books she'd read, the good guy rarely escaped unscathed.

She was running across the asphalt, dodging view from those guards on the ground and hurrying to the one area she knew was always occupied during the day. The shipyard headquarters.

She was just about to spin around another container when a steel band wrapped around her waist, lifting her off her feet. She almost screamed when her mouth was covered by a strong, but gentle hand. When she stopped struggling and looked up at her captor, she realized that it was Hector holding her against him, his eyes looking down at her without saying a word.

"You're here!" she gasped and wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders, reveling in how wonderful he felt right now.

"And I'd like a very good explanation as to why you are here as well. But right now, I'm going to get you out of here."

"Wait!" she spotted the police behind him, all of whom were relaxing and shaking their heads as they realized that their mission was over and successful. "We can't leave. There's a whole ship load of cocaine being unloaded over there in the warehouse!"

All of the police officers were back on high alert, their eyes straining towards her. One of the men, the one obviously in charge, shuffled over to her. "Are you sure? We can't go in these buildings without probable cause so if you're wrong, we could have a big problem on our hands."

Kallista smiled for the first time that morning. "I have your probable cause," she said and pulled her bag around to the front of her. When she pulled her digital camera out, she flipped on the power, then turned the camera around so the officer could see the pictures she'd snapped about fifteen minutes ago. There were about twenty men, thirty pictures in all of men unloading and breaking down the pallets of white material.

The police officer watched in amazement while she flipped through the pictures. Then he looked down at her with a huge grin and nodded. "That seems pretty probable to me. Much obliged, ma'am," he said and waved for his officers to gather closer. He radioed his superiors and ordered a containment of the shipyard, all gates closed down. Then his men got into position, surrounding the warehouse.

"I need pictures of this," she whispered to Hector as they watched the police surround the building.

Hector stopped her from moving closer. "No way!"

She spun around and looked at him, seeing the fear in his eyes. She realized that he was afraid, for her! She bit her lower lip again, then cringed with the pain. Her eyes scanned the area, then came up with an idea. "How about this? I climb up there on top of this container. I can use my zoom lens to get all the photos, but I'll still be out of range for most of their weapons. Does that sound good to you?" she asked.

Hector thought about it for half a second. "Fine, but you wear my vest," he said and pulled the Velcro off his vest and plunked the bullet proof material over her head, strapping the sides together so that she was as protected as possible. "And you're not moving from that container, understand?"

She kissed his cheek and nodded happily. "I knew you'd be here to save me," she replied with love shining through her eyes.

"You gave me some good clues," he replied. "But it seems to me that you pretty much saved yourself," he grumbled.

She laughed and turned around, putting her foot on the metal closure as leverage. When she felt his hands on her bottom, she looked back down at him. "Don't enjoy this too much," she warned.

"Oh, I am," he came back with a lascivious grin as he watched her from below.

She found a good position on the roof of the container, then felt Hector's strong arms circling hers. She smiled happily as she snapped the pictures of the police officers closing in on the warehouse. She even got some great pictures of Rolf Peterson being led away in handcuffs. Overall, it was a wonderful day, even though Hector eventually forced her to visit his private doctor to make sure her head was okay. At least he waited until she'd filed the story and pictures with her editor, who was astounded by the details and background provided.

Later that night, as Hector held her in his arms and they were both naked and sated, she turned to face him again. "Thank you for this morning."

"You're a good reporter, Kallista. I had no idea you could write that well, but do me a favor." When she smiled and nodded eagerly. "Don't go after any more drug dealers. And let me know what stories you're working on as you're going along from now on. It took me too long to figure out what you meant by having coffee with your friend this morning."

She propped her chin on his chest and grinned. "How long did it take you?"

"Only a few seconds. But those were the worst few seconds of my life. I can't be without you," he said and ran his hand along her bare back.

"You won't have to. I'm here to stay and I promise, we'll definitely communicate better from now on. We've definitely had enough mis-communications to last us the rest of our lives, wouldn't you say?'

"Definitely," he replied back and kissed her gently on her bruised lips.

