Chapter 1

"Not that one," the deep voice said firmly. "The black one."

Marissa's hand quickly pulled away from the beautiful, pink lace lingerie set she was considering while she spun around at the same time to find the voice that had intruded on her favorite pastime. "Excuse me?" she said, moments before her eyes focused on the tall, ruggedly dangerous looking man behind her. When she caught sight of him, she couldn't believe her eyes. He was at least six feet, four inches tall with shoulders a linebacker would envy. And he had dark, amused eyes that were laughing down at her for some reason.

Immediately she swung her arms behind her back, trying desperately to hide the other lacy or satin lingerie she'd been about to try on. She couldn't believe she'd been caught in here! Of all the places for someone to approach her, a lingerie shop should definitely not one of them! "Who are you and why in the world would you think I might be even remotely interested in your opinion?" she strangled out, horrified that this man, or any man for that matter, might see the items she might want to purchase.

Zeke Vaughn considered the lovely woman with lush, black hair that curled softly down her back and the furious, soft chocolate eyes. She was trying to appear confident, but he saw the underlying vulnerability. He smiled slightly, noting the blush that stole into her velvety, pale cheeks.

He moved fractionally closer. "I'm going to be your next lover," he replied, and watched in fascination as her eyes widened, her pulse sped up and her breathing increased. Her full, pink lips opened, then closed while she tried to absorb his comment and her reaction turned him on even more than her sexy, slender body.

Had he really said that? "Excuse me?" she huffed, pulling herself up to her full height which still brought her head only up to the top of his shoulder. Marissa was shocked that any man would dare to be so forward. Men simply didn't approach her in general and when they did, it certainly wasn't with a salacious glint to his dark, audacious eyes.

Zeke moved closer, touching her cheek briefly and realizing that the texture was even softer than it appeared. "You heard me, little one. I don't mean to scare you. I was actually going for a completely different effect."

She sputtered, trying to hide her terror of this man and the shivers his nearness was causing inside of her stomach. "I'm not scared! I'm insulted."

Zeke noticed that her breasts were peaked underneath her silk shirt and he couldn't stop his chuckle. "I didn't mean to offend. Just stating the truth," he said and moved even closer, smelling her soft, subtle perfume. It was light and flowery, just like she was. He liked it, he realized. The women he normally dated preferred the heavier, more cloying scents and he never realized how much he disliked them until he had an alternative. "You're very beautiful. And I think I have to change my mind. The pink probably suits you much more than the black lace would." His fingers ran tenderly down her arm, leaving a trail of fire in its wake.

For some reason, the man's attempt to be reassuring only struck her as a challenge. A part of her knew her reaction was a bit irrational but she couldn't stop the words. She squared her shoulders and faced him, pretending that his touch wasn't causing her knees to tremble. "I could pull off the black!" she asserted firmly, her eyes glaring back up at him. She tried to step back, but the table filled with lacy thong underwear stopped her momentum. "And please stop crowding me."

He took the black lace bra off of the stand and handed it to her. "Prove it," he challenged.

Marissa actually took the bra and was about to step towards the dressing rooms when she realized what she was doing. Turning back to him, she shoved the black lace back at him. "No way!"

His arrogant smile cranked up her anger a notch. "See? The pink would be better." And he actually dared to pick that one up and hold it in front of her, his dark eyes looking at the lace as if he were trying to picture her in it. "Definitely the pink," he confirmed. "I can't wait to see the crystal."

Marissa grabbed the pink lace, just trying to get it away from her chest area. Unfortunately, she couldn't hide her curiosity and held the pink lace up so she could understand his last statement. When she realized that there was a dangly crystal that would sparkle right between her breasts, she couldn't help the pink that suffused her cheeks and neck once again. "Leave me alone!" she growled.

With an urgency she hadn't ever felt before, she stepped around the man. Stomping up to the cashier, she dumped all of her items onto the counter, surprising the sophisticated cashier.

Marissa wanted to turn around and glare at the man, but she didn't want him to see her flushed face or the way her body seemed to be tingling because she knew with absolute certainty that he was still watching her. Was he laughing at her?

She almost jumped a foot in the air when a strong, dark hand dropped a pink, lace thong onto the pile. "She'll need that as well," his deep voice said. "Put it all on my account."

Marissa stared at the lace, horrified that she'd kept the pink bra he'd been examining her in. With her mouth hanging open in horror, she tried very hard to come up with a scathing retort, something to bring the man down a peg. Or ten!

Unfortunately, by the time she'd turned around, he wasn't anywhere in the store. She walked to the front, determined to tell him off, but he wasn't even in the hallway. Where had a man of his size disappeared to so quickly?

"Here you go, Ms. Berutelli," the cashier stated softly.

Marissa's head snapped around and saw the huge bag, the top covered in silver tissue paper. With a groan, she stepped back. "I can't take that," she declared emphatically.

The cashier smiled with a twinkle in her eye. "Mr. Vaughn just called a moment ago and told me you'd say that. He instructed me to tell you that if you didn't take the items today, I was to ship them to your house."

Once again, Marissa couldn't help it when her mouth fell open in surprise. And that annoying tingling started up once again, irritating her beyond anything she'd ever experienced. "He actually said that?" she snarled.

The cashier smiled and nodded her head, still holding the large bag.

"What arrogance!" she snapped, but she took the bag and stormed out of the shop. She had planned on spending the whole day here at the stores, spending her father's money on things she didn't need. But the possibility of running into that man again was too appalling so she quickly walked to the exit, tossing the bag onto the passenger seat of her little, black roadster.

Zooming out of the parking lot, she spent the rest of the drive home coming up with several different ways to embarrass that man just like he'd done to her. Unfortunately, she had no idea how to accomplish most of those ideas because she didn't know who the man was, where he lived or what he did for a living.

With a maliciousness she hadn't known she was capable of, Marissa briefly considered telling her father what the man had done. He wouldn't ever allow any man to disrespect her in that manner. But as soon as she thought of the idea, she immediately dismissed it. She would never tell her father about that kind of incident. Mr. Vaughn, or whoever he was, would be dead. Literally. Joe Berutelli wasn't a man to mess with she'd learned over the years.

"What's wrong?" her sister, Sierra, asked as soon as Marissa had dumped her bag in the closet where her father wouldn't be able to see what she'd purchased.

Marissa flung herself on the bed, staring up at the ceiling in exasperation. "I just had an encounter with a man who really...." She wanted to say something horrible, but her sister was only eighteen years old. "He was just a jerk," she finished.

Sierra tossed her book off to the side, moving so her own face blocked her sister's view of the ceiling. "Tell me what happened," she said with mock earnestness.

Marissa wasn't in the mood to play. She was in the mood to hurt someone. Namely, a big, huge brute of a man who had no sense of how to treat a lady. "I just hate men sometimes."

Sierra pulled back and pushed the pillows into a more comfortable position behind her back. "I can't imagine that. Men usually grovel at your feet," she teased, looking at her older sister's beautiful, expressive eyes and her slender figure draped in a white silk shirt and blue wool slacks. She even had a simple pearl necklace around her neck and pearl stud earrings. Marissa was the epitome of class and sophistication which generally intimidated most of the men they encountered.

Of course, most of the men who socialized with her father thought that the thickest gold chain was the gateway to a promotion. That, or whoever came up with the most creative criminal enterprise. Her father seemed to respect both aspects of their culture, an issue which continued to confound both sisters.

Marissa punched the pillow into a more comfortable shape before pushing it behind her back. "This man was simply horrible! I was just shopping by myself and he came right up to me, talking to me as if he..." she wasn't sure how to describe what the man had done. Especially since she didn't really understand it herself. Sierra didn't have any experience with men and Marissa wanted to help keep her innocent for as long as possible. Marissa was almost twenty-five and she didn't want to expose Sierra's sweetness to something so vile as what that man had said to her. "He just said some inappropriate things."

At Sierra's widened eyes, Marissa knew she'd said something her sister could pounce on with relish. Sierra loved romantic novels, was excited about the idea of being swept away by some magnificent, heroic male who would carry her off to an exotic destination where they would love each other continuously and make babies together. That wasn't the real world and, at some point, Sierra was going to have to face reality. But Marissa didn't want that to happen today. Not for a long time, if possible.

Unfortunately, her little sister understood enough to know that her older sister's experience was more exciting than she was letting on. "Oh, please tell me what happened? Was he handsome? Did he have soft, curling hair? Did he touch you and both of you fell instantly in love?" Sierra fell onto the bed, her head next to Marissa's as she sighed with the fantasy she was whirling around in her mind.

Marissa made an inelegant sound and Sierra giggled. "Not even close." She thought back to the man's rugged, dangerous looking face, thinking that he'd probably broken that nose several times over the years. And his cheekbones were high, but they didn't come across as a pretty boy. They were just....tough. Everything about that man told her that he was strong and...wicked. She shivered at the memory of his callused fingers against her cheek. She wasn't feeling excitement, she told herself. It was simply fear. Fear of what the man might do to her if he ever caught her alone. She didn't want that to happen. She'd lived in fear of her father's violence all her life and she was thoroughly sick of it. She wanted a kind man in her life. One who didn't try and intimidate her for no reason!

Thinking about the man certainly wasn't going to push his memory out of her mind. "What did you do today?" she asked her sister, changing the subject and sitting up against one of the posts on her canopy bed.

"School," Sierra replied with a bored sigh. "I just wish Dad would have let me take calculus this term. It would be so much more fascinating than taking yet another literature class. I hate reading. What's the point?"

Marissa laughed softly, knowing her sister's math abilities were nothing short of brilliant. "What was on the agenda today?" she asked.

"Voltaire," Sierra said, shivering with revulsion.

"Voltaire isn't so bad," Marissa came back, smiling at the memory of how much she'd loved reading Candide so many years ago. "He's actually funny occasionally."

Sierra's response was only a roll of her eyes. "Calculus doesn't need to be funny to be interesting," she claimed. They talked about their plans for the future, how Sierra wasn't sure what she wanted to do but she definitely wanted to study something math related. Marissa had her own business, but it wasn't something she could share with anyone but her sister. They'd kept many secrets from their father over the years and would continue to do so as they figured out how to get away from their father's iron control. The only reason Marissa was still living in her father's house was to protect Sierra. Marissa didn't want to consider what their father might do to Sierra if Marissa were to leave. He had a bad temper and took it out on anyone nearby.

Three days later, Marissa stood by the pool, a cool glass of lemonade in her hand as she surveyed the crowd that had come to party at her father's house. She hid the boredom and irritation behind a serene expression, hoping her father wouldn't demand that she interact with any of his cohorts.

"They're all pretty loud, aren't they?" Sierra observed, standing next to her sister with a glass of iced tea. Neither sister drank any kind of alcohol because they'd observed this scene too many times. The men crowded around the bar, each of them vying to get the attention of the many bartenders working any event. The beer and whiskey were poured out like water with each man trying to show the big boss, namely their father, that they could handle their alcohol.

Marissa glanced around the crowd, letting her eyes move over the men without interest. But as her eyes scanned for an escape, they were unexpectedly caught by a tall, dangerous looking man. A man she had prayed never to see again in her life!

And he was staring right back at her. Those dark, mysterious eyes were watching her, causing her to wiggle because she now felt like some sort of bug under a microscope. When his eyes dropped lower, she could sense exactly what he was thinking and she actually hated him for that. When his gaze focused on her chest, she couldn't believe it when she felt her breasts actually tighten, that obnoxious tingling starting up again, even more intense this time around.

"What's going on?" Sierra whispered, her worried eyes looking at her sister's arrested expression. "Tell me what's happening!" she demanded when Marissa just continued to stare at the man.

Marissa heard the panic in her sister's voice and took a deep, calming breath. "Nothing," Marissa finally replied. "Nothing at all." When she was able to pull her gaze away, she realized that her hand was shaking. She put her lemonade down on a table and started walking towards the kitchens, needing an escape from the man's intense and knowing gaze. "I'll be right back," she explained to her sister.

She hurried through the house, eager to get away from this scene. She knew her father would be furious with her, but at this point, she didn't care. She'd deal with his anger later.

She'd just reached for her purse when her cell phone went off. Digging into her purse, she pulled it out while grabbing her keys and walking towards the garage. The party was still going strong as she raced through the living room and glanced down at the window, praying that one of her friends was letting her know of an emergency that would require her attention. But the words she saw on her small screen made her come to a screeching halt.

"You're wearing the pink set aren't you?" she read.

Looking up, she glanced out of the large living room windows, her eyes colliding once again with the one man she was trying to get away from. He was still standing exactly where she'd seen him before, but he was looking directly at her. From her position in the living room, she was actually closer than before and she gasped when he winked at her, the knowing smile coming across loud and clear.

She was glad she was far enough away that he couldn't see the blush spreading across her cheeks. Because yes...she was in fact wearing the pink lace bra and panty set. She actually loved the crystal that was right now dangling between her breasts, making her very aware of her femininity and of the impact this man had on her.

She watched with increasing panic as he walked off of the pool patio and unswervingly through the living room doors. When he was standing directly in front of her, it suddenly occurred to her that she should have run away. Why in the world had she just stood in place while he approached?

"What are you doing here?" she asked. The overwhelming feeling she had around this man seemed to be anger, but there was a very real sense of disappointment that he was doing business with her father.

"Your father invited me."

She wasn't sure what to say, wishing that he would just turn around and walk away from any business ventures with her father. She wanted to urge him to find legal ways of doing business and, more shockingly, she wanted to help him with those legal avenues, keep him from this side of the business.

The overwhelming sadness and disillusionment were threatening to choke her. She had to get away quickly. "Well, I'm sure that you need to hurry off and finish whatever...business, you have with my father. If you'll excuse me," she said, not even bothering to look up at him.

He caught her arm, holding her in place. "What just happened?" he asked softly, looking down into her suddenly sad, brown eyes. "One moment you're ready to tear off my head for being so rude to you, the next you look like you're ready to cry." He stepped closer, his finger coming up to touch her cheek gently.

Marissa wanted to pull back, but he held her firmly. "I just..." her voice cracked and she cleared it before starting over again. "I don't associate with my father's business partners." She tried to pull away again, but he simply shifted his body so she was trapped between his large thighs and the back of the living room sofa. "Please let me go."

"I don't think I can," he murmured, almost to himself. "You're quite beautiful. I'm guessing your father is in some sort of horrible business enterprises of which you don't approve. Is that it?"

Her eyes looked up at his, startled by his question. "Why are you here if you don't know what my father does?"

He shrugged slightly. "Because I met you the other day and wanted to make love to you." He ignored her sharp intake of breath as he continued, "The only way I could figure to do that was to get to know you, show you that I'm not such a horrible guy, prove that I'm a good lover and that I'll satisfy your every need." He said this so softly, his hand reaching up and pushing her dark hair behind her ear and letting his finger caress her earlobe, causing her whole body to shiver with the contact. "I can, you know. And I think we could be very good together."

"You don't know what you're talking about," she whispered, trying to tamp down the terror that was making her tremble so he wouldn't know just how tempting his words sounded to her ears, or how much she suddenly wanted him to touch her again. His large, muscular body was so close, so tempting and she could feel the heat emanating from his thighs and his chest against her own body. She almost swayed closer, wanting to know what he felt like and she had to keep her hands fisted by her sides so she wasn't tempted to reach out and touch him, to discover the texture of his skin. "Please let me pass." She tried to sound firm, but even to her own ears, the command sounded more like a whispered plea.

"I can't do that, love. You're just too tempting." He bent down and kissed the corner of her mouth, enjoyed the feeling of her trembling which told him that she wanted him almost as much as he wanted her. In fact, he'd never been so fascinated by a woman before. Her soft curls teased his nose as he moved his mouth to her earlobe, kissing the sensitive area right below before taking the lobe between his teeth and gently biting down. He smiled when she jumped, but she didn't pull away. In fact, one of her small hands came up and rested against his chest. He suspected it was initially to push him away, but her fingers curled slightly as if she needed to both hold onto him and touch him more firmly.

"Come home with me, Marissa." He kissed her neck, grazing his teeth against her skin before kissing it. He wanted to taste the pulse at the base of her throat, to wrap his hands around her tiny waist and pull her closer, but he sensed her hesitation and didn't want to frighten her any more than what she was already feeling. He didn't want her fear, he wanted her passion.

"Marissa!" a loud, booming voice came from the doorway.

Marissa jumped, quickly extricating herself from this stranger's embrace and took several steps backwards. "Dad, this isn't what you think," she was quick to assure her father who was glaring at the two of them. She actually stood in front of the tall man, her arms pushing him behind her as if she could protect him. "We were just having a conversation."

"About what?" her father demanded, stepping into the living room and looking as if he were in a towering rage. "And where the hell is your sister?" His short, rotund body swiveled as if he suspected that his youngest daughter were hiding somewhere behind a chair. He looked angry, ready to take that anger out on whoever irked him even slightly.

Marissa blinked, not sure how he could have changed the subject so quickly. "Sierra is outside," she came back. "I just left her by the pool."

Joe Berutelli's hands formed fists by his side and Marissa knew this was a very bad sign. "Your sister left the party right behind you. Care to explain what's going on?"

Marissa hadn't been aware of Sierra's departure. In fact, she'd only been aware of this man and the anger, and other feelings that he seemed to invoke inside of her. "Dad, you don't need to worry about this man. I don't even..." she started to say but the stupid man interrupted her.

"I'm Zeke Vaughn," the tall, mysterious man said, stepping around her and extending his hand towards her father. "I appreciate you inviting me on such short notice."

Marissa was amazed at the transformation in her father at the mention of the man's name. It was as if all of his anger had suddenly dissipated for some reason. And this man named Zeke...who was he and how could he contrive to dissolve her father's anger so quickly?

Her father seemed to be positively exuberant now as he shook the taller man's hand with enthusiasm. "Zeke Vaughn! I've heard a great deal about you," her father effused. "Come, let's go into my office and talk. I think we can do a lot of business together."

Zeke glanced back at Marissa, noting the stoic expression that suddenly came over her lovely features. "I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to take a rain check on that discussion," he said, turning back to the man. As Zeke surveyed the man's bloodshot eyes, the spot of blood on his collar and the florid cheeks, things started to fall into place. Zeke had known that Joe Berutelli wasn't a man to mess around with. But now that he was here, and he understood the fear in Marissa's eyes, he found himself trying to figure out how to get her out of the house.

He was being ridiculous, he told himself as he made his excuses and turned to leave. Marissa was twenty-four years old and had survived living with her father for a long time. He was sure that her father wouldn't do anything to hurt her.

But even as he walked out into the summer heat, something niggled in the back of his mind. For the first time in his life, he felt something more than just sexual need for a woman. He had this strange feeling, as if he wanted to protect Marissa. And was that actually possessiveness he was experiencing? He'd never cared if a woman came or went, as long as they were both mutually satisfied with the relationship. But something about the worried look in her eyes, and the relief when he walked out the door, struck a chord inside of him.

Shaking his head, he realized that he was being ridiculous. Marissa was just another woman. A strikingly lovely woman, but merely another luscious, feminine body. They could have a good time together if she would just learn to relax and accept this mind-blowing attraction that they had for each other.

As he pulled the door to his black Jaguar open and slid into the leather seats, he looked back at the house, surprised that he hadn't made the connection between Marissa's father and the infamous Berutelli family before.

Chapter 2

"You wanted to speak with me?" Marissa asked as she walked into her father's office. She looked around at the room, surprised to find so many books lining the shelves of his office. This was one room in the house where she was forbidden to enter unless she was called in here by her father. All other times, she was to stay away. The office was even separated from the main house by a long hallway with a separate entrance to the garage and outside. Her father could come and go from the house without her or Sierra ever knowing. He was a very secretive man. Marissa had seen people coming and going from this room often over the years, always wondering what happened behind these heavy doors.

She stood awkwardly in front of her father's desk, waiting for him to acknowledge her.

Did she really want to hear what he had to say? She knew who her father was and what he did. She should probably take a more active role in discovering evidence of his criminal activities, but in truth, her father terrified her. She knew what he was capable of. She knew that some of the men who had worked for him in the past had simply disappeared, never to be seen or heard from again. She didn't know if they'd died or gone into witness protection, but she didn't want to find out either.

She was a coward.

But that didn't mean she was stupid. Despite her father's control, she'd gotten an education. He'd wanted her to study literature and history and she'd signed up for all of those classes, but she'd also studied computers and technology and she was pretty good at it. She continued to expand her knowledge of web and graphic design, enjoying creating web sites for her friends' businesses. She wasn't going to be rich, she knew, but she was actually doing a pretty good business for herself. She could be bigger, but she had to work on these projects without her father's knowledge. She wasn't sure if he would forbid her to do the work, or if he would use her business for his own criminal activities. Either way, she wasn't giving him any opportunity to step in and corrupt her work. She pretended to continue with her frivolous lifestyle by shopping and going to lunch with her friends and cousins, but many of those lunches were business meetings.

She even paid taxes on her income! Oh, her father be furious with her for that! She almost laughed as she stood in front of her father's massive, ornate desk, impatiently shifting from one foot to the next as the silence continued.

After several minutes, he threw down his pen and leaned back in his large, leather chair. She suspected that he'd purchased that particular chair with the high back and the sides that came out slightly as a symbolic "I'm a king" message to the people who stood nervously in front of this desk. It certainly had the lines of a throne and she'd noticed several television trying to convey the same image.

She refused to squirm under his steady gaze, waiting patiently for him to convey the reason for his unexpected, cryptic summons so she could get back to her room and finish her work. She had several clients that were waiting on her to finish up their projects and she didn't like to postpone a deadline. She prided herself on meeting every deadline she set with her clients.

"I want you to marry Zeke Vaughn," he said without preamble.

Marissa continued to stand there, not exactly sure how to react to his command, not even sure she'd really heard him correctly. His command seemed so outrageous, surely she'd misunderstood. Had he really just ordered her to marry a stranger?

She blinked and cleared her throat, trying to hide the trembling. She wasn't sure if her nervousness was caused by the mention of the stranger's name or being in her father's office. Both probably. "Excuse me?" she asked, sure she'd misunderstood.

Her father's bushy eyebrows drew together and he almost snorted with disgust. "Marry him!" he snapped out impatiently. "You're a good looking woman. Just seduce him and marry him. Get him into our happy family so I can use his contacts and his business genius to grow my own businesses. I want him, Marissa! Make it happen!"

Marissa blinked one more time, trying to focus. His words and the implication behind his command were making her more than a little dizzy. "I'm sorry, but you want me to just walk into his office and tell him that we're getting married?"

He shrugged his shoulders without concern. "I don't care how you do it. But that man's net worth is about one hundred times my own. He also has powerful, international connections that I want to exploit. Which means, I need him as a son-in-law in order to get him to help me expand my reach. In order to do that, either you or Sierra need to marry the man. So are you going to step in and do it, or am I going to get Sierra to accomplish the deed?"

Marissa felt a hot bolt of jealousy at the idea of her baby sister having anything to do with Zeke Vaughn. She loved her sister, but there was no way she would allow her to have Zeke. It wasn't that she wanted him for herself, she reminded herself sternly. She just didn't think that Zeke would treat Sierra well. Yes, that was exactly it. She wanted someone more kind and gentle for her sister's husband. She knew all too well that Zeke...okay, so he'd been very gentle with her yesterday in the living room. Maybe too gentle. His touch hadn't been what she'd wanted...but she was digressing and she shook her head to focus on the current conversation once again.

"Dad, I can't just casually waltz into a strange man's office and ask him to marry me. He barely knows me. Yesterday was the second time I'd ever met him and yet you want me to just propose to him?"

He shrugged his heavy shoulders once again, his brown eyes hard and unconcerned. "You didn't act like he was a stranger yesterday," he replied with a sneer. "So walk into his office, strip off your clothes and then propose to him. I don't care how you do it. Just get it done."

Marissa couldn't be more shocked if he'd told her that he was going to...nope, not going to think about violence towards the man, she thought. She hated the idea of anything hurting Zeke. Not because she cared for him or anything. It was simply because he was a human being and she didn't want anyone hurt for any reason.

"Dad, I can't marry him," she said softly, but with a firm determination.

Her father leaned forward and picked up his pen once again. "You should have been married several years ago. I didn't get any sons with your mother so I want some grandsons. I need someone to learn the business and follow in my footsteps. That takes grooming and grooming takes time. I can't believe you haven't married already, Marissa, but it's actually good because now I want Zeke Vaughn in the family and either you or your sister are going to make that happen."

"I can't..." she started to say, but he interrupted her once again.

"Either you marry the man, or you marry Jimmy!" he bellowed, so furious she could actually picture steam coming out of his ears. "But one way or another, I'm going to get myself some grandsons! And I want Zeke in the family! Make it happen or I'll make it happen through your sister."

Marissa turned her head slightly, seeing Jimmy walk into the office and hand her father a piece of paper. He looked up and winked at her, his bulky form ambling off through the exit in the back of the house. He knew! The disgusting man with the protruding stomach, the man who was actually shorter than she was, knew what her father was demanding of her. The pathetic jerk didn't even care that he was offered up as second place!

With a cry of outrage, she spun around on her heel and walked out of her father's office, shame, anger and righteous indignation carrying her out into the bright sunshine.

"I want to hear news in a week, Marissa!" he bellowed out to her retreating form. "Your wedding is already being planned. The groom is the only thing not nailed down."

She almost tripped when she rounded the corner as she ran down the hallway, unconcerned that she might stumble and fall in her sling back heels. She ran all the way to her bedroom, slamming the door and leaning her head back against it. She wasn't aware of her heavy breathing or the panic filling her chest. All she could see in her mind was the very possible image of Jimmy Traveri, her father's second in command, looming over her as he pressed her into the mattress on their wedding night.

With a shudder at the image of his maliciously smiling face, she shuddered with horror and revulsion. She couldn't do it, she told herself, squeezing her eyes shut as if she could block out the image.

Grabbing her purse and her car keys, she yanked open her bedroom door once again, rushing down the hallway to the garage. She drove away from the house as fast as she could, wishing she could just keep on driving and never look back. She could do it too! She could just find a small town somewhere, hideaway and never enter this evil house again.

But what would happen to Sierra? She couldn't leave her sister to endure a future with Jimmy. Sierra was only eighteen years old, much too young to be facing a wedding to a man she didn't like. And Marissa knew that Sierra disliked Jimmy. They'd talked about the men coming through her father's house on several occasions and Jimmy just had a look about him, something that told both girls that he was cruel in ways they couldn't even imagine.

Marissa shuddered and pulled her car over to the curb, afraid she might get into an accident as she fought down the emotions that felt like they might smother her at any moment.

She couldn't leave. If she took off and headed out of town, where would Sierra be? Still married to a gross, disgusting man without her big sister to protect her and warn her of the dangers lurking everywhere, but the worst ones being inside their own home.

How could her father order something like this of his own daughter? Oh, yeah. He wanted grandsons! What a chauvinistic pig! Her father deemed that boys were the only ones willing and able to follow in his footsteps. He'd always railed against fate that had given him two daughters instead of sons that he could train to take over the family business. She had to laugh because he was actually right in that area. Both of his daughters abhorred his business.

She leaned her head against the steering wheel, feeling furious and impotent. Why couldn't she and Sierra have been born into a normal family? Why couldn't they have been part of a family where the father cared about his children? Why wasn't her father a man who wanted his offspring to sprout their own wings and fly? Why had her mother had to die of cancer so many years ago? Maybe if she'd been allowed to live, her mother could have stepped in and stopped her father's crazy marriage plans.

That raised a more realistic question, why couldn't her father just pass on his criminal life to one of his lieutenants? Or one of his nephews if he wanted to keep the businesses in the family? He had several, many of whom were eager to learn more about the criminal enterprises they all seemed to thrive on! She probably had ten male cousins, all of whom were currently running some aspect of her father's businesses. It was only the women who weren't allowed to join the gang.

Well, they were actually part of the family business. Their roles were to contribute to the wealth of the family through marriage and giving birth to the next generation of criminals. It was disgusting how this whole business was so dynastic. She knew that other fathers, and mothers for that matter, hoped to pass on their legacy to their children and grandchildren. But those enterprises weren't illegal! They weren't brutal! They weren't teaching their offspring to shoot, kill and maim!

Her head fell onto the steering wheel and she stifled her anger and resentment so she could figure out what to do. She had to come up with a plan so she drove to one of her favorite coffee shops. Once she was sitting by the window, a cup of tea warming her hands, she went through the possibilities, considered all her options. She could ask Zeke to marry her, but of course he would tell her no. The man had been quite clear on his intentions and, although they involved the marriage bed, they didn't include a marriage.

But the alternative, marrying Jimmy, was abhorrent! Fat, disgusting, evil Jimmy was not an option! She couldn't do that. Nor could she leave Sierra and allow her to fall victim to the fate her father had planned out for either of his daughters. The thought of letting Sierra marry Zeke didn't even enter her mind.

She'd just have to do it, she realized. Somehow, some way, she'd have to marry Zeke.

Chapter 3

"Thank you for seeing me on such short notice," Marissa stated, clutching her purse tightly so Zeke couldn't see how badly her fingers were shaking.

Zeke watched the pale, nervous beauty enter his office. He observed her carefully, his eyes noticing that she barely moved inside the doors. It was almost as if she were afraid to enter although why that would be the case, he wasn't sure. His mind took in all of the details and realized that something was extremely wrong. "I was thrilled to hear of your request to see me. But I'll admit, I'm curious as to why. Our conversation two days ago was interrupted abruptly and I didn't think I'd be hearing from you so soon." He gestured to a sofa and chairs set up in one corner of his office, indicating she should sit there instead of in the comfortable looking chairs in front of his desk. "Can I get you something to drink?" he asked.

Marissa immediately started shaking her head, but then changed her mind. "Do you have any water? Water would be nice. I'd really appreciate some water," she replied, then realized she was rambling and forced herself to stop speaking, pressing her lips together as if she doubted her ability to cease.

She looked down at the floor, her mind not seeing the expensive carpeting or the magnificent view of the city's skyline outside the amazing windows. Vaughn Enterprises was located in the heart of Chicago with views of Lake Michigan and the Chicago River. She didn't care about any of this, wishing with all her heart that this man wasn't so successful. If he weren't, her father wouldn't be trying to pull him into the organization, her father wouldn't be demanding that she marry him and she wouldn't be in this painfully awkward position about to do something that violated every one of her moral codes.

Of course, she could also just walk out of here, get her sister and drive away, never to come back to her father's house again. Would he look for her? Would he care? How strong was his desire to have a grandson? If they were gone, would he just accept one of his nephews as his heir? Would her father hurt Zeke to get what he wanted? What if Zeke refused? Other men had died after opposing her father.

"Marissa?" Zeke prompted and she flinched, looking up and realizing that he was sitting on the sofa right next to her looking like he was ready to catch her if she passed out. She almost laughed since fainting in this man's presence might actually happen if she ever worked up the nerve to do what her father had commanded.

Pushing her ridiculous thoughts aside, she focused on her mission. "I'm sorry," she said and cleared her throat. "I just need a moment." She took the crystal glass filled with water, careful not to touch his fingers. She desperately wanted to just run away.

"Take your time, but understand that I'm intrigued. I'm also thrilled that you called me. I wasn't sure how I was going to get you to meet me again, but rest assured, I would have found a way."

She tried to smile, but it probably came across more like a grimace. She took a sip of the water he'd handed to her. She would have loved to swallow all of the cool liquid, just toss it back which might help her overheated skin. But her nervousness was closing up her throat and the best she could do was take a careful sip before placing it meticulously on the elegant, glass coffee table in front of her.

Clasping her knees, she turned to face Zeke, her eyes unable to look at his face so she chose to look only at his hands which were resting casually on the leather arm rest of the sofa. Those hands had touched her, gently but with desire. They were tender hands, she knew but what would he do with her after she proposed? Or should this be more appropriately called a proposition?

She wanted to laugh and realized she was becoming hysterical. The longer she stalled, the more crazy her thoughts were becoming. Better to just blurt out her...proposition. Get it over with and deal with his reaction.

"I wanted to suggest..." she started to say, then stopped, trying to figure out the best way to propose to a man she barely knew. Good grief, she'd just learned his first name two days ago! And she'd barely even heard his last name that day in the lingerie shop, too angry to have absorbed it.

Zeke took pity on the lovely woman, his curiosity ramping up as she sat there working herself into a deeper state of anxiety. "Why are you so nervous?" he asked, taking one of her hands in his large, hard hand, gently rubbing her knuckles in an effort to soothe her. Unfortunately, his touch only made her more skittish, but for slightly different, although connected, reasons.

"I just...that is...I was wondering if..." she sighed and let her head drop. She stood up, relieved to have a reason to pull her hand away from his. Turning her back to him, she stared out the window but then squeezed her eyes shut. "Would you marry me?" she blurted out. Her whole body was trembling now and she was afraid he might be able to see it. She clasped her hands in front of her, gripping them together in an effort to brace herself for his imminent rejection.

Unfortunately, there was only silence behind her and the tension tightening in her stomach increased to an almost painful level. But she'd said it! She'd finally gotten it out. He could reject her or accept it and she could go back to her father with a clear conscience. She'd figure out how to get out of marrying Jimmy somehow. Just one problem at a time, she told herself.

When she finally heard him move, her back stiffened even more and she squeezed her eyes shut to keep herself from crying. She hated for him to see how this little travesty was making her act, but she couldn't completely hide her feelings from him. He wasn't a stupid man. He could see her tense muscles, and probably her shaking as well.

"What's going on Marissa? Do you need money? Are you in trouble in some way?"

With his words, so kind and concerned, she couldn't help the burst of laughter that erupted from her tense body. "Money? No, I don't need money. But thank you very much for your concern. I really just...I need to marry you."

He stood in front of her looking down into her eyes, trying to determine what was going on. She looked like she might snap at any moment, her eyes had dark circles underneath and her whole face was pale. Even her lips were pale and her fingers were clenched together so tightly, her knuckles white and straining.

He lifted her hands and gently pulled them apart, holding them lightly. His thumb rested on her wrist while his mind absently noted that her pulse was rapid. "Need is a far cry from 'want'," he said softly. "Can you tell me what's going on?"

She desperately wished she could confide in someone, but this wasn't a conversation she could have with anyone, and especially not him. She felt trapped, isolated. She shook her head. "No. I just need to marry you. Yes or no?" she demanded, ready to bolt no matter what his answer. She was pretty sure what he would say, but she waited tensely for his response.

He wouldn't let her pull away from him. "Marissa, talk to me. I can help you, I promise."

She laughed harshly, thinking about Jimmy waiting on the sidelines and her revulsion caused her to shiver once again. Taking a deep breath, she shook her head. "Not this time!" she claimed and tried to pull away. "I'm guessing this is a no."

He smiled slightly and let her hands drop since she was trying to walk away from him. He wouldn't let her leave his office though. Not until he figured out what was going on. She was in trouble, he just couldn't figure out the whole issue. And until he had the facts, he couldn't help her solve the problem.

"Maybe we could go out to dinner one night? Get to know each other?" He turned her around so she was facing him again. "Didn't your mother ever tell you that you should never marry a man until you knew his shirt and neck size?"

She laughed, but it came out sounding a bit more like a sob. "My mother died a long time ago," she said simply. "So no, that little gem of advice never made it to my ears."

"I'm sorry," he replied, feeling like an ass for being so cruel. Her mother's status hadn't made it into the background information he'd received from his head of security. "That was heartless of me." He pulled her against his chest, relieved when she curled her body into his. It occurred to him that this slender woman with the softest hair he'd ever felt in his life, fit his body perfectly. He liked it when she turned her face towards his chest, her soft breath tickling his neck. He rubbed her back, trying to soothe the shivering in her body but the more he touched her, the worse it seemed to get.

He pulled away slightly and looked down at her. "Marissa, what's going on? Two days ago, you were spitting fire at me. Now you're proposing marriage. Talk to me."

"I can't," she sighed, feeling warm and protected with his strong, muscular arms around her. At this moment, she knew that nothing could hurt her. Her sister would be safe, she wasn't facing the revolting future of marriage to a man who repulsed her, she had a good business running and she could even see a time in her life when she could move out of her father's home and have more freedom.

And then he let his arms drop and that wonderful mirage faded away. "I'd better go now. Thank you for your time." Zeke didn't want her to go, wanted to pull her back into his arms and carry her over to the sofa, to demand that she tell him what was going on and why she'd proposed to him in such a crazy fashion. But he couldn't hold her like that without scaring her because his body was already hard and aching for her. Holding her close, she was bound to notice his body's reaction and she'd run screaming from the room.

She stepped out of his arms and bent to pick up her purse. With a hiccupped laugh she said, "I was given advice to strip out of my clothes and seduce you into marriage." She laughed again. "As if that would work."

He chuckled, watching her sexy bottom in the tight skirt. "It might," he teased, his eyes alight with the idea of being seduced, especially by this woman.

Marissa stopped, her body frozen in time. Strip naked? Now?

She looked back up at him, saw the amusement in his eyes and her heart sank. But something happened in that moment. He realized that she was serious and the laughter from faded, replaced by something stronger, much more intense. The flame that leapt into his eyes told her that it might just work.

Before she could think about it, before her mind rejected the possibility, she dropped her purse. Lifting her fingers to her silk blouse, her shaking fingers undid the first button. When his eyes followed her fingers, her stomach twisted with something...it wasn't fear or anger so much as...excitement? No, surely not! She couldn't be excited about the idea of him touching her, of him making love to her. She pushed the possibility away, embarrassed that she felt so wanton.

But his eyes were heated as he watched her unbutton the next, and then the next on her blouse. She bowed her head as she reached the bottom of the silk and started to pull the edges away.

Zeke watched in fascination as she released each button. More and more skin was revealed and his body hardened as he received a peek of the gentle swells of her breasts. When the rose colored lace was revealed, he almost sank to his knees with the need to possess her. And then that adorable, taunting crystal danced between her perfect, lovely breasts. He inhaled sharply at the sight of her, thinking she had to be the most sensuous woman he'd ever seen.

He tried to say something, to tell her to stop, but the words wouldn't come out. He was too mesmerized by the glorious sight of her delightful breasts slowly being revealed to him. When she started to pull the edges away, he looked at her face and knew that this was wrong. She was doing this for all the wrong reasons. If she'd been here of her own free will, he would gladly have taken what she was offering. But she looked so nervous, he thought she might just pass out with the fear racing through her.

When he saw her naked for the first time, he wanted her to be ready to pass out with mind-boggling passion and not with mind-numbing fear or outright terror. And he wanted her to be taking off her clothes to show herself to him because she was proud of herself, because she wanted to be as close to him as possible. Not because she had to, but because she wanted to.

So he did the hardest thing he'd ever had to do in his life. He stepped forward and grabbed those delicate pieces of silk and pulled them together, hiding what he most wanted to see. "Stop, Marissa. This isn't right."

Wasn't right? She looked down and saw his strong, tanned fingers holding her hands still, pulling her blouse closed as if he didn't want to see her, didn't think she was attractive. What was wrong with her? Why was he stopping her? She knew he wanted this. She could feel it as he gathered her closer. The evidence was right there against her stomach and it both thrilled and terrified her. "You don't want me?" she whispered. "But I thought..."

Zeke wanted to kick himself for not taking what she was offering. He was all kinds of crazy for rejecting something that he obviously wanted painfully. But he wanted it for the right reasons. He wanted her to come to him of her own free will and he suspected that wasn't the case at the moment.

"You thought right," he growled, gritting his teeth to control the desire that felt like it might just blind him with the need to have her. She felt so soft, so perfect in his arms. But this was wrong and he kept reminding himself of that problem. "I want you and you damn well know it. But I want you to be doing this for the right reasons."

Marissa couldn't take this any longer. She'd used up all the courage she had to get to this point but his rejection was just the final stamp on a perfectly horrible twenty-four hours. Wrenching herself out of his arms, she grabbed her purse and ran out of his office, ignoring his call for her to stop.

She was still gripping the sides of her silk blouse together when she reached the elevator. She pressed the call button, praying that it would arrive quickly.

When she heard him call her name once again, she almost cried out with relief when the doors opened up and she was able to almost fall inside.

They closed just moments before Zeke reached her, his face an angry mask of frustration. She leaned back against the walls of the elevator, grateful for her relatively easy escape.

When she opened her eyes, she looked directly into the eyes of, not just one, but five other people. All of them were on the opposite side of the elevator, and all of them looked almost as embarrassed as she was as she realized that she was still clutching the edges of her blouse together.

Stuffing her purse under her arm, she hurriedly buttoned her blouse, her fingers shaking with the effort to accomplish the humiliating task quickly. She was just tucking the edge of her blouse back into her skirt when the elevator doors opened up to the crowded granite lobby. Praying that her face didn't reveal the humiliation she was currently experiencing, she stepped out and looked around. It took her several minutes to get her bearings and remember where she'd parked her car because she was so flustered and humiliated. Racing towards the appropriate exit, she walked as fast as she could without looking like she was running for her life.

She was almost to the glass and steel doors when someone clamped down on her arm. She was about to protest, but she looked back, then up and saw Zeke holding her arm, leading her towards another door.

"How did you..." she stopped at his glare as he led her across the wide sidewalk in front of the building.

"I have a private elevator," he snapped at her and opened the back door to a limousine. "Get in."

He didn't wait for her to follow his order but nudged her into the dark, luxurious recesses of the vehicle. A split second after they were both seated, the car pulled away from the curb and Marissa angrily folded her slender arms over her stomach defensively. "Why am I here?" she demanded, her chin jutting out defiantly as she tried to brazen her way through this latest confrontation. Would there ever be a time when she wasn't embarrassed while interacting with this man?

Zeke stared at the soft pink staining her cheeks and wished he could eliminate her embarrassment somehow. He didn't mind the blushes when he teased her but he didn't like seeing it under circumstances like this. "You're here because I'm going to get to the bottom of this issue."

Marissa didn't like the determined look on his face and her whole body started to tremble. She feared that this Zeke-on-a-mission attitude might put him in danger with her father. "There's nothing to tell," she said, but immediately she felt the pain shoot from the back of her neck to the front of her forehead.

Zeke saw her cringe involuntarily. "What's wrong?" he demanded, instantly alert.

Marissa shook her head and took a deep breath, praying that the pain would go away. "I'm fine," she replied, pasting a calm smile over her features and forcing her shoulders to relax. A migraine? Great! Just what she needed!

Taking a deep breath, she relaxed her shoulders and as many muscles as possible. A hard thing to do when Zeke was near. She could get through this, she told herself mentally. This latest incident would not crush her.

The vehicle drove into the parking garage of a tall building and Marissa looked around, her worry increasing. "Where are we?" she asked, staring through the darkness and seeing several other cars, but nothing that would give her a clue as to where he'd taken her.

"I live here," he said and took her hand, pulling her out of the limousine behind him. "Come along." He didn't wait for her response but guided her over to an elevator. Once inside, he pressed some buttons and, a moment later, they were zipping to the top. Marissa's stomach dropped and she gripped the wooden railing of the elevator.

"Why are we here?" she asked, staring at the number indicating the floors they were passing. "And why can't you live on one of the lower floors?" she demanded with a great deal of irritation. It wasn't that she was afraid of heights. She just didn't like them.

Zeke chuckled and moved in closer so he was blocking her view of the numbers. "Because there wasn't enough room in the units on the lower floors."

She glared at him. "You're just one man. How much room do you need?"

He shrugged one of his massive shoulders and leaned closer. "I like my privacy. I also entertain a great deal for business and this place has great views."

She didn't like how close he was. "So is it space or privacy that you need more of?" If she kept him talking, he couldn't do anything else, right? Like kiss her? Her eyes dropped to his lips, her mind wandering back to that moment several days ago when she'd felt his lips on her neck and her ear.

"Both."

She blinked when he spoke, losing the thread of the conversation. Both what? Oh, space and privacy. She needed to keep up, she admonished herself silently.

She started to put a hand to his body intending to push him away, but she didn't want to touch him. "Then why don't you respect my space?"

He laughed and took her hand that was still fluttering at her side, placing it right in the middle of his chest. When she tried to pull it away, he covered her hand, pressing her fingers against his shirt. "You don't really want space from me."

She opened her mouth to say something but the elevator stopped and the doors opened. "That's where you're wrong," she snapped at him and quickly slipped around his amazingly large and deliciously muscular body to get out of the small confines of the suddenly tiny elevator. Or more specifically, get away from his large, warm body that was heating her skin and making her feel...strange things. Things she didn't understand and definitely didn't like.

She stepped out into a lovely wood paneled entryway with a gorgeous crystal chandelier twinkling over a huge bouquet of fresh flowers. Her father was an extremely wealthy man and she'd lived in luxury her whole life. But her entire bedroom could fit inside this entryway. "You're..." she started to say something, but whatever it was, she stopped when she felt his strong, unrelenting hands encircle her waist.

"I think we've been missing something in this relationship," he said a moment before his mouth covered hers.

He was kissing her? Marissa couldn't believe the shock of his lips against hers. She'd wondered what it would be like to be kissed by him, even moments before in the elevator, her mind had gone down that road. But nothing could have prepared her for the scalding, moist taste of him on her lips or the instant surge of lust the moment his mouth touched hers.

His mouth was hot! And it was gentle but firm, not giving an inch and demanding that she give up everything. She resisted, or at least tried to resist, which worked for perhaps a fraction of a second. And then it was all over. She wasn't even aware of her body melting against his, her hands grabbing his shoulders and hanging on tightly. Bending one leg, she pressed herself against him, instinctively and unknowingly, wanting to eliminate all space between them.

She heard something that sounded like a cat, but she couldn't focus on the sound. The only reality she could concentrate on was his mouth and the way his tongue teased hers, tantalizing her into participating in the kiss. The instant she did so, there was so much more. She felt his hands on her back, sliding up and down, touching her in places no man had ever dared to touch. She wanted more, her body starting to demand more. She wanted his hands...yes! When his hand moved higher, his fingers touching her breast she thought she might just melt into a puddle of sizzling steam. And then one hand moved lower, cupping her bottom and an ache started, grew from her stomach outwards as she felt the hardness against her abdomen. His hand on her bottom pressed her, moved slightly and she gasped at the contact, not sure what was happening or why her body was doing what it was doing.

"Zeke!" she gasped, her toes curling with a strange restlessness that caused her body to curl into his, to shift against him.

He lifted his head and looked down at her, thinking that his timing was pretty horrible. He'd just wanted to kiss her, to show her that she couldn't make statements like wanting to maintain space because they were a lie. He hadn't realized how strong the passion between them would ignite, how it would flame up out of control. Right now, he was holding onto his lust for this woman with a fine, very tenuous thread and he wasn't sure if he could maintain that control. If it had been any other woman, he would have moved into his bedroom and spent a very pleasurable afternoon exploring this surprising need. But this was Marissa. And there was something about her that kicked in when she was near him. He didn't just want sex with her. He suddenly realized that he wanted so much more.

"You're beautiful," he rasped softly.

Marissa opened her eyes, her teeth biting her lower lip as her body shifted against his, wanting to feel that electric current that had bolted through her body a moment ago. But as her eyes focused, she realized where she was and what she was doing. With a start, she pulled out of his arms and took several steps backwards. "What are you doing?" she demanded, her eyes wide with both confusion that she could let something like that happen and embarrassment that he had been the one to stop their love making.

He leaned forward and grabbed her around the waist once again, pulling her against him and ignoring her resistance. "I was kissing you," he said softly and bent down to take her lips again. She resisted for a moment, but he quickly felt her lips respond.

Zeke didn't take that kiss deeper. He wasn't sure if his body could handle her passionate reaction again and not carry her into his bedroom so he stepped back but kept his hands on her waist. "And now, I'm going to make you something to eat. I know you're ravenously hungry."

Marissa wasn't sure if he was still talking about food, but she followed him into his penthouse, amazed at the stunning views of Chicago from this level. "You certainly enjoy your heights, don't you?"

He looked out and nodded his head. "It relaxes me."

She smiled slightly, trying to imagine him relaxed. "What else do you do to relax?" she asked softly, surprised by how much she wanted to get to know this tall, commanding man. From a distance though! She was sure to keep several feet between them now, knowing what happened whenever he touched her. Apparently, she didn't have much resistance when it came to this tall, strange man. And that bothered her. She felt cheap and naughty.

The wicked gleam in his eyes told her what he was going to say before he said it. "Don't!" she laughed despite her negative thoughts, shaking her head and trying to pull back from him. "I don't want to know."

He threw back his head and laughed, not letting her retreat too far. "I was only going to say that I enjoy cooking," he replied and pulled her through his home.

Marissa looked around as he led her through an enormous living room filled with comfortable but well placed pieces of furniture. "This looks....surprisingly nice."

He glanced back at her, amused by her comment. "Why is it surprising?"

She shrugged even though he couldn't see her. "I would have pictured you in a place filled with uncomfortable, modern furniture. All black or brown and looking like you barely use any of it." His penthouse was the complete opposite with comfortable looking chairs placed near a large, gas fireplace with a stone surround. She could picture herself curled up right next to him on a lazy Sunday afternoon with a fire crackling and the newspaper spread out around each of them as they tossed one section and reached for another.

He shook his head as he pulled her into an enormous kitchen filled with stainless steel appliances and long, granite counters. There were cabinets everywhere and a sleek island surrounding the work area with tall stools pushed up to the edge. "I don't spend a lot of time here with my schedule and travel, but when I come home, I want a place I can relax and enjoy. I don't want to be poked by my furniture."

She had to agree with him. Even his terrace was filled with green bushes planted around comfortable looking outdoor furniture. The railing was actually made of glass so it didn't impede one's view of the skyline. "I'm sure this is magnificent in the evenings. I can imagine sitting out there and enjoying a glass of wine after a tough day."

He pulled down two glasses and grabbed a bottle from a smaller refrigerator underneath one of the cabinets. "Why don't you experience it instead of just imagining it?" He poured her a glass of chilled, white wine and handed it to her.

Marissa stared at the wine, then glanced out to the terrace. "I don't..."

Zeke shook his head, silently interrupting her. "Go relax. Once I've finished making our lunch you're going to talk and I need you liquored up before you'll let yourself do that."

Marissa couldn't help but laugh at his blatant warning that he was going to get her drunk. "Well, at least you give me warning."

He winked at her and led her over to the terrace, opening the door for her. "I'll be out with some food in a moment. I'll just stick something in the oven for us and then we can get down to business."

Marissa took a seat on one of the overstuffed, deep chairs and slipped her shoes off, curling her legs up underneath her. She took a sip of the delicious wine, savoring the fruity, crisp taste and breathing deeply. Another spasm of pain shot through her head and she gripped the edge of the chair until it abated once again.

With a deep sigh, she let her head fall backwards, trying to release the tension of the past several days. She needed to find her sister, she thought and ignored the next stab of pain. This one was shorter so she didn't reach into her purse for the medicine. She could handle this, she told herself. It wasn't too bad and if she could relax deeply enough, she could get through this without the medicine. She hated taking her migraine medicine unless she was sure the migraine was coming on full force. Sometimes she could relax out of an episode. The medicine made her loopy and she didn't want to deal with that today. She had too many problems to deal with and being loopy wouldn't help.

She hated the migraines but if it came right down to it, she'd have to take the medicine despite the fact that it made her groggy and sleepy. Relaxing helped keep them at bay, but only if she could release the tension. After the last few days, the demands of her father, her missing sister and the kiss she'd just experienced, she'd have to work hard not to lose control.

Control was key, she told herself and shifted her shoulders.

Food was probably a good idea as well. She took another sip of her wine, conscious of the possibility that she might need to take her migraine medicine. Mixing alcohol and medicine wouldn't be good at all.

"You need to eat," Zeke said, appearing suddenly and placing a plate of something that smelled delicious in front of her before disappearing back through the tall, elegant glass doors.

She saw him doing something else in the kitchen and thought it might be impolite to eat while he wasn't with her. But he'd told her to go ahead and she couldn't resist the scrumptious smells any longer. Taking a tentative bite, she was surprised at the warm, gooey taste of cheese and the salty pop of the capers. She wasn't sure what this was on the toasted baguette, but it was delicious! She ate half the plate before he came back out with two more plates of food.

"How were they?" he asked, handing her a plate filled with some sort of roasted sandwich.

Marissa blushed, aware that she'd just scarfed down half the appetizers in a very short period of time. "They're delicious," she replied, trying to swallow quickly. "I'm amazed at how well you cook."

"Wait until you try the sandwich. I make the onion balsamic dressing myself. And don't worry. I'll brush my teeth after lunch before I kiss you again."

Marissa was just about to take a bite of the savory, cheesy sandwich when his words registered. Her hand froze and she looked up at him, saw him wink at her and her heart flipped slightly. Was he serious?

Of course he was.

And more importantly, how did she feel about that?

Instead of replying because her reaction was so confusing, she took a bite of her sandwich. "Oh my!" she gasped as she tasted the tartness of the balsamic vinegar and sour apples along with the gooey brie cheese. The way it was all warmed together was heavenly. "This is amazing!" she said, carefully wiping her mouth with the linen napkin he handed her.

"Glad you approve," he said and sat down next to her, taking a bite of his own sandwich. "So tell me what's going on."

She pretended to ignore him as she took another bite of the incredible food. "You're sitting too closely. Scoot over."

He scooted, but the obnoxious man moved closer to her. She turned to glare at him, but she was really too relaxed and the food was too delicious for her to spend time admonishing him for crowding her. She took the plate and held it under her sandwich while she leaned back against the soft cushions. "You're a wonderful cook even if you're a horribly irritating man."

"But you want me," he countered, laughing softly when she blushed.

"I don't." She wasn't sure if she did or didn't, but she absolutely wasn't going to admit anything to him. He was too confident as it was and she wanted to prove that she wasn't just mush where he was concerned. She was dismissing the fact that she'd just started to strip in his office a little over an hour ago.

Zeke wasn't going to take her pushing him away. He wanted her to accept that they were good together. He'd never encountered someone who would ignore an attraction as powerful as what they were enjoying with each other. "Do you want me to demonstrate once again how much we want each other?"

"No!" she almost shouted, then covered her mouth with her napkin, shocked that she'd been so crass as to speak with her mouth full. "Just..." she shifted in her seat, "stay on that cushion and I'll stay here. At least until I finish this sandwich. I'm too hungry for another battle of wills at this point."

Zeke chuckled deeply, thinking she was adorable while she tried to deny her desire for him. Why she was doing that, he didn't understand but he'd get to the bottom of all of her mysteries soon enough. For now, he watched her eat, appreciating that she wasn't one of those women who nibbled at her food. She took actual bites and finished the whole sandwich, even drinking more than half of her glass of wine.

She looked so sexy when she put her plate down on the low coffee table then leaned back against the cushions, letting her face lift up to the sunshine. "That was incredibly good, Zeke. Who would have known that a man like you could cook?"

"What do you mean? What kind of man am I?" he asked, once more leaning towards her. He knew she wanted more space, but there was just something about this woman that drew him closer, wanting to smell her soft, feminine scent and examine her expressive, chocolate colored eyes.

In answer, Marissa picked up his hand, turning it over so her soft fingers could trace the hard contours of his hand. "A man with hands this rough shouldn't know how to roast a brie sandwich. How did you get these calluses?" she asked softly, too curious to resist asking the question.

"I worked construction as a kid."

His explanation made sense if he were still doing that kind of work. But he sat in an office or conference room most of the time. "That was years ago. Why haven't they healed? Most men I know have very soft hands."

He shrugged those massive shoulders, dismissing her observation. He liked her touch but her soft fingers tracing his hand were going to create a reaction that might make her blush again. "I still like to get down with the men and work with them. Its hard work, but it helps me to understand what they're going through and how I can improve the efficiency of each project."

She looked up into his dark eyes, noting the sincerity there. "You take good care of your employees, don't you?" she asked, already knowing the answer. It was the complete opposite of what her father could say. There were employees of her father that just disappeared, never to be heard from again. Their families were worried, she knew. Whenever she realized something was wrong, she tried to send them money or food, keeping track of things so she could try and make things better. Even the men who disappeared with blood on their hands, she tried to help their families. She was one of those people. It could happen to her just as easily as it happened to the others in her father's line of business.

A pain once again shot up from the back of her head and she closed her eyes as the pain tore through her.

"What's wrong, Marissa?" he asked softly, his body tensing as he watched her face squint as if she'd just been hit with something.

She waited until the pain went away, then slowly opened her eyes and took a long, slow, deep breath. "Nothing," she said, breathing hard after that last shooting pain. Her vision was starting to narrow, a sure sign that this would result in a full-fledged migraine. "I'm sorry, Zeke, but I really have to go." She had to get out of here and take some medicine. She'd thought the pain would stop with food, but apparently, the migraine was intent on ruining a perfectly horrid day. Well, except for the lunch. That hadn't been dreadful. It had actually been amazingly good. Even sitting next to him had been...Another pain shot up her neck, almost as if her brain were being squeezed.

Zeke knew something was very wrong and she was trying to hide it from him. He wasn't going to allow her any secrets. In the short time he'd known her, she'd become important to him in ways he didn't completely understand. "Marissa, you're not leaving." Zeke stood up and looked down at her, blocking her path into the house and eliminating her escape. "Tell me what's going on."

Another sharp pain hit her and she grabbed the side of the sofa, not realizing that it was actually Zeke's arm instead. She gripped the only available surface since she couldn't control the migraine that was coming on strong now.

"No sun," she whispered through the haze of pain as it slowly receded.

Zeke barely heard her, but he quickly lifted her into his arms and carried her into the living room, sitting down with her in his lap. "Okay, you're out of the sunshine. Tell me what's wrong." he demanded.

Marissa cringed as his voice caused another wave of pain to hit her. "Quiet," she begged. She leaned down, her body curling into a ball and her fingers gripping his shirt as a new wave of pain slashed through her head, coming down the back of her head this time and radiating outwards. The pain was so intense she thought she might actually lose her lunch.

"Are you having a migraine?" Zeke asked softly, lifting her up once again, cuddling her slender body against his as he carried her into his bedroom. He laid her on the bed, about to cover her up but when her fingers refused to let go of his shirt, he turned around instead, settling her against him as he sat down on the bed.

"Yes," she finally admitted. "Too much light." She wanted so badly to just curl up into a ball, but she also wanted to stay by the warmth, the strength she wasn't even aware was Zeke. All she knew was that she felt safe. "Medicine. In my purse," she whispered, then cringed since talking hurt even more.

Zeke reached for her purse that she'd been clutching, searching through the contents until he found the small vial of pills. He took one out and handed it to her. "Do you need water?" he asked.

She didn't answer, just popped the tablet into her mouth and swallowed, then curled back up, pressing her nose against his neck and inhaling his strong, masculine scent filled with his spicy aftershave.

Zeke pressed a button on his bedside table and the blinds came down from the ceiling, enclosing the bedroom in darkness. There was a small light coming from the hallway but he didn't think that would bother her too much.

He started to slide her down onto the mattress, but as soon as he shifted, she clenched his shirt once again and whimpered. "Please," she begged him. So Zeke shifted back, settling her more comfortably on his lap. He wasn't sure how long it would take for the medicine to take effect, but he didn't want her in pain so he just relaxed against the headboard and listened to her breathing. When her breaths started to slow down, to become longer and deeper, he knew that she'd finally fallen asleep.

His mind started working, going through the details of what he'd learned. She was definitely in trouble. He wasn't sure about her sister, but Sierra might be as well. Her proposal this morning was very strange, almost forced but he would get to the bottom of that as soon as his security director, Dave, got him more information. Everything always came down to information and Zeke was an expert at compiling data and then manipulating circumstances so that things came out better for his companies.

As Marissa snuggled on his lap, his body hard and aching for the woman who sighed in her sleep often enough to have him gritting his teeth with the surging need to feel her soft skin with his hands, not to mention the rest of his body, but he tamped that down. At least for now.

His cell phone vibrated and he lifted it to his ear, talking quietly so as not to wake Marissa. It was Dave, as Zeke knew it would be. Dave was an ex-Navy seal who knew how to get information fast and act on it efficiently. He was head of his security who had recruited other ex-military types, all of whom enjoyed the challenge of breaking through their own security measures. They tested the physical security of his company buildings worldwide by climbing the walls to see if each buildings' security guards were on top of their game, they hacked into the computer systems to ensure that the firewalls were adequate, and they tested the employees at various locations to ensure that they were following all of the mandated security guidelines.

When Zeke ended the call, his mind sifted through the information Dave had relayed to him. With a quick mind, he looked down at the woman still sleeping in his arms and made a decision. She probably was going to rebel at his pronouncement, but he'd get her there anyway. On a related issue, something was holding her back from enjoying the passion they felt for each other but that was going to have to come to an end. He knew he wasn't going to be able to control himself forever. Not the way both of them reacted whenever they touched. It was a foregone conclusion that they would make love. It was just a question of when.

An hour later, he felt her stirring in his arms. He'd been e-mailing associates about various issues but when he saw her eyes flutter, he put his cell phone down on the bedside table and held her steady while she came out of the medicine and pain induced sleep.

"How do you feel?" he asked carefully, his hand holding onto her back while her fingers continued to clench his shirt.

Marissa looked around, trying to get her bearings. She shifted her head slightly and was relieved that the migraine had abated. Thankfully, she'd been able to get to her medicine quickly enough. Her eyes were able to focus although it was relatively dark in this room so she couldn't see very much.

"Better," she said even though her mouth felt out of sorts. She always came out of these episodes a little dopey but if she caught the migraine before it became a full-fledge misery session, the pain left her relatively quickly. "I'm sorry about that," she said, her fingers slowly unclenching the front of his shirt.

She stared at his chest since her eyes were right at that level. There was something very intimate about her position as well as how sweet he was to have taken care of her, especially since she was still basically a stranger to him. "I'd better go." She was excruciatingly self-conscious that he'd seen her at her weakest and she just wanted to get away from him and hide somewhere. Maybe for the next century after the way this day had gone.

"Why?"

She tried to sit up, but he shifted around slightly so that she was laying underneath him, his large body covering hers. She looked up at him and her mind instantly cleared. "What are you doing?" she asked, feeling breathless all of a sudden.

Zeke almost smiled because it seemed pretty obvious to him what he was doing. He'd been holding her in his arms for hours. A man could only be a gentleman for a limited amount of time. "I'm just getting more comfortable. I've been sitting with you on my lap for the past several hours. I need to get some circulation in my legs."

She started to feel horribly guilty, but then felt his leg shift, moving between hers and she understood that he wasn't really complaining. Her eyes looked up at his and she stopped breathing for a moment. With the dim light, she could barely see him but she could feel every inch of him and it made her start trembling again. "You're doing something else."

He raised an eyebrow at that comment, his mouth smiling slightly. "What do you think I'm doing?" he asked, his hand caressing her back and side, reveling in the slender strength of this delicate woman. If she asked him to stop, to move away, he would do so, but there was something about the way she looked up at him which told him that she wanted this as well. Very much so.

Since one of his hands was sliding up underneath her silk blouse, she couldn't speak for a long moment. "I think you're trying to take advantage of my weakened state." She started to put her hands on his shoulders to push him away, but instead, her fingers felt the warmth of his body and just...stayed. Her brain told her to push him away but it felt too right, too warm and....nice.

She felt his laughter this time, the deep sound vibrated through her body, the heat and tingling increasing. "Are you in a weakened state?" he asked and his mouth found her neck, nuzzling the sensitive areas he'd found the last time.

She shifted underneath him, getting into a more advantageous position. Advantageous for what, she wouldn't allow herself to figure out. But when she moved, the friction of their bodies, even through their clothes, didn't create comfort. No, there was no way this position could be defined as comfortable. "Yes," she sighed and tentatively moved her hands on his shoulders.

She wasn't sure if she was confirming her weakened state or if she was saying yes to what he was doing to her.

She felt restless and wanted to touch him. Not make love to him, she asserted firmly. She just wanted to know what he felt like underneath his cotton shirt. She wanted to explore his muscles, to find out if the rest of his skin was rough like his hands or...different. Was he rough everywhere? Or was his skin like hers? Her curiosity, and this spreading heat, made her bold and a peculiar, driving ache was invading her body.

He lifted his body away from her and she whimpered at the loss of his warmth. A light came on and she blinked, initially worried that the light would hurt her head but then she saw what he was doing and her eyes feasted on the sight of his emerging chest. His long fingers quickly unbuttoned his shirt and then tossed it behind him. She was propped up on her elbows to get a better look at him, her tongue darting out to wet her suddenly dry lips and she had no idea how alluring she looked.

But Zeke did. His body was hard and aching for her but he paused a long moment to survey this incredible beauty lying on his bed. Her lush breasts were pushed forward and he could see the soft swells with the silk pulled back. Her legs were twisted to the side, but he knew the warmth of her body, the heat of her legs around him. She even had the cutest, red painted toenails and he wanted to touch every inch of her gorgeous skin.

Priorities, he told himself as he lowered himself down to her. "Touch me, Marissa," he commanded. He watched her eyes dart from his down to his chest, that sexy tongue darting out again and he knew she wanted to touch him but something was holding her back. To encourage her, he lifted her hand, placing it on his chest and felt an enormous amount of satisfaction when her fingers remained. That satisfaction was completely obliterated when her slender limbs moved against his skin, firing a heat within him that almost made him lose control. He'd always enjoyed women's caresses, but something about Marissa's tentative touch made him feel the urgent need to bury himself in her heat.

He held back, pushing the pain of that need to the back and letting her touch him even though it felt like he was going to die a happy death with her slow, curious fingers on his body. When her fingers ran over his flat, male nipple, he sucked in his breath harshly. Her fingers flew away but he gritted his teeth and grabbed her hand, placing it right back where he wanted it. "Don't stop," he ordered.

Marissa watched in fascination as his muscles twitched and flexed under her fingertips. The more she touched, the more spellbound she was with his skin and the way he reacted no matter where she touched him. Her eyes kept looking at his face to determine if she might be irritating or hurting him but his eyes were tightly closed and his bulging muscles straining as he held himself over her. She took the opportunity to do exactly what she'd wanted to do. Her fingers fanned out, noting how erotic her pale fingers looked against his tanned, muscular skin.

"You are amazing," she whispered softly, reverently as she continued to explore him. She felt her body heating up whenever he flinched or groaned and the more she touched, the bolder her fingers became. And even better, his groans grew in intensity until he shook his head, grabbed her hands and held them over head.

"Did I do something wrong?" she asked, her stomach fluttering and her body aching for him to touch her. But she would feel horrible if she'd done anything to hurt him.

"The exact opposite," he growled. "I love the way you touch me, Marissa. And next time, I'll let you touch me all you want, but right now, I can't take anymore." He bent down and kissed her, his mouth possessing hers. Despite being held hostage by his gentle, iron grip, she still felt powerful. When he looked down at her, his eyes lighting on fire as he watched her body writhe underneath him, she knew that she wanted him. She knew that she was making a dangerous decision, but at this moment, it was the only right one.

"Please, Zeke," she whispered, her eyes telling him without words what she wanted.

Zeke hesitated for only a moment before he stood up, grabbing her hands and pulling her up next to him. He didn't let her hide in any way. As he stripped her clothes off of her, he touched everywhere, kissing, nibbling, biting. The feelings he created within her were so powerful, she tried to push him away at times but he wouldn't let her go and he wouldn't stop. When she was completely naked, he laid her down on her back and followed her, his hands worshiping her breasts and his mouth continued on the same path, tasting the raspberry nipple and reveling when her fingers slid into his hair. Her hands held him there for a long moment while he sucked, hard. A moment later, she was pulling him away, the feeling too intense but she just pulled him right back to her, wanting more as soon as the stirrings ended.

Zeke chuckled, but it was getting harder and harder to hold himself back. He moved to the other breast and when he received the response he wanted, he smiled and stood up. With deft, swift fingers, he tossed his slacks and boxers to the side, coming right back to her and moving lower. When he smelled her arousal, he almost lost his control but he took a deep breath, closing his eyes to concentrate on something other than the woman who couldn't keep still when he touched her, then moved towards his ultimate goal.

"Open up for me Marissa," he encouraged.

Marissa didn't follow his instructions. Instead, she sat up and took his head in her hands, kissing him gently but with all the pent up desire that she couldn't seem to control.

He wanted to smile, but she pressed her body against his and he couldn't hold back any longer. As much as he wanted to continue exploring her body, he needed to be inside her. Now!

Looking into her eyes, he pulled her knees up around his hips, his body probing. When he found her core, hot and more than ready for him, he had to close his eyes and regain his control. No other woman had ever been able to drive him so crazy as this slender, shy woman could.

"Are you ready?" he asked softly, even though he knew that she was physically ready. He wanted her to need this just as much as he did.

"If you don't continue, I'll think you're just teasing me," she gasped out between deep breaths of anticipation.

Zeke thought he might have smiled, possibly even laughed, but he was in too much pain, desperate to be inside of her. "A tease, huh?" he asked. He grabbed her arms again, pulling them up higher so she couldn't touch him any longer. He couldn't take any additional stimulation right now and if he was going to make this good for her, he couldn't have her touching him.

"I need you to be honest with me," he said, his body pressing against hers, gritting his teeth when she rubbed her naked body against his.

"What is it?" she demanded, almost screaming out in frustration.

"You've never done this before, have you?" he asked.

Marissa wished she could be more sophisticated about the whole subject but she wasn't. Instead, she was frustrated that he wouldn't get on with it. "No. But I'm still waiting for you to do something about that."

He thought he might have chuckled but he wasn't sure. With infinite slowness, he shifted so he was at her entrance. With a control he hadn't known he possessed, he pressed into her, gritting his teeth as her heat wrapped around him. She was so hot, so wet and he wanted to just slam into her. But he had to take this slowly. Carefully. He didn't want to hurt her and, never having been with a virgin before, he wasn't exactly sure what to do.

When he felt the resistance, he sighed and kissed her, taking her lips with his and bringing her back to that writhing need she'd been at before. When he felt her body moving against his once more, he pressed into her, feeling her flinch as he broke through and buried himself fully inside of her heat.

When he thought she might be okay, he looked down at her, noticing that she was biting her lower lip as if she were having trouble keeping still. Since that wasn't the point, he shifted inside of her and was relieved when she glanced up at him, her eyes filled with the wonder the friction of their bodies created.

"More," she sighed and pressed herself into him.

Zeke was more than happy to oblige. He pressed into her heat, moving in and out carefully, slowly, watching her facial expressions for signs of what she wanted. She was probably too self-conscious to tell him so he had to go with...

"Any chance you could go a bit faster?" she bit out.

Zeke was stunned, but it turned him on even hotter. "Absolutely," he said and shifted so he could move faster, harder. When she seemed to like that more, he lifted her hips and moved even faster. He was just about to start counting backwards from one hundred when he felt her body tighten in his arms. Shifting slightly, moving his hips ever so subtly, he watched in fascination as she screamed out, her fingers clenching against his shoulders and her body arching into his as her climax took over her body.

Only then would Zeke let go of his own control. As she continued to throb around him, he pressed into her, hearing her screams as he himself found his own release. He wished fervently that he could stop, could slow down and help her go again, but his own climax was so intense, so earth shattering that he wasn't really sure if he was still conscious.

Zeke rolled over, taking her with him and breathing in deep, hulking breaths of oxygen. He'd never experienced anything so intense. He had to cover her fingers when he felt them start to move on his chest because, and he couldn't really believe this himself, he wanted her again. Shockingly, the need was just as intense.

"Why can't I touch you?" she asked, sighing with happiness.

He smiled himself even though she couldn't see him. "Because you need to recover."

Marissa laughed, but acknowledged that he might be right. "How long does it take to recover?" she asked softly, still trying to catch her breath herself.

Zeke thought she was kidding but when she looked down at her hopeful expression, he had to laugh because she was absolutely serious. "Normally it takes about twenty-four hours," he teased, rolling back onto his side, tucking her naked body next to him.

She looked at him, not sure if he was joking. She bit her lower lip, taking her hands off of his chest and pulling back slightly. "I'm sorry. I didn't know that it was that difficult."

Zeke threw back his head and laughed. "I said normally. I think with you next to me, it might take significantly less time." He nuzzled her neck, tickling her sensitive skin as their breathing slowly came back to normal.

She smiled slightly, her eyes looking at his chest and wondering if she could touch him. Maybe taste him? What would his skin taste like? She was guessing it might be salty. Maybe just a bit...tantalizing?

"What does that smile mean?" he asked. He might be nervous if he didn't have a very good idea already.

She thought she was laying perfectly still but she didn't realize that her leg was rubbing against his thigh. She was too focused on where his hands might stray. And hoping they would stray to all the right places. Feeling very wanton, she kept her hands still on his chest and valiantly tried to keep her hips from shifting. Maybe if she just...yes!

"Marissa!" he growled, feeling her body stir in a very delectable way.

She gasped when his hand shifted against her stomach, moving higher to cup her breast while his thumb flicked against her nipple. Trying to catch his wrist, she moved away from him but he simply moved on to another sensitive spot, unrelenting in his quest to drive her desire higher.

"You're not getting away from me this time," Zeke said and that was Marissa's only warning. With one hand on her stomach, he held her down and moved southward. Just as he had the last time, he kissed his way to his goal but he knew what she would try this time and he was ready. When she attempted to sit up and pull him away, he put a strong, firm hand to her stomach and moved into position.

"No," she started to say but he wouldn't relent. Kissing her thighs, her stomach, breathing in her scent he grinned in anticipation. "Just relax. I guarantee that you'll like this."

"I won't," she gasped and tried to wiggle away.

"You will."

A moment later, his finger slid inside of her and she stopped trying to get away. Instead, she moved closer, her body shifting towards him, wanting more. And then his mouth covered her and she screamed with the heat and the pleasure. When his tongue moved against her, she couldn't control her reaction any longer. She screamed out, her hands gripping his head to keep him in place. She wanted the sensation to go on and on but then was actually begging for it to end. She couldn't believe how intense something as simple as a mouth and an active, interested tongue could be but, as she slowly came back to earth, her body slowing down slightly, she knew that she was now transformed in her opinion of that activity.

"Don't turn away," he commanded as he slowly entered her, a sweet shyness emerging as she opened her eyes again.

Marissa was gripping his arms, unaware that her nails were digging into his bulging biceps as he easily slid into her. Closing her eyes, she wrapped her legs around him, encouraging him instinctively but also ensuring that he wouldn't stop. She needed this at such an elemental level she couldn't even begin to grasp the pain that might rip through her if he stopped.

"Marissa? Are you okay?" he growled, thinking she might be hurting.

"Later!" she cried out, arching her back to make him push deeper inside of her. "Please, just later!" was all she could say as her hips rose up to meet his.

Zeke tried to be gentle, understanding that she might be tender. But the way she was moving under him, the way she arched against him, moving her hips in that way, he just couldn't go slowly. He shifted his weight slightly and with one final thrust, he was fully buried inside of her. Looking down, he noticed that she was biting her lip and her eyes were still closed tightly.

He lowered his chest, ignoring the incredible softness of her breasts against his hard chest as he tried to soothe her. "Are you okay?" he asked while his fingers dove into her hair when she tried to turn her head away from him. "Marissa, talk to me," he urged.

Her hands fluttered lower, sliding down his arms and then shifting to his waist, feeling the muscles even in his sides under her sensitive fingers. "Would you mind if we talked later?" she asked with a growing sense of urgency. "I don't think talking is at the top of my priority list right at the moment."

Zeke's eyes widened in surprise. He'd thought she was in pain. But the reality was, this slender, exciting woman was just in the throes of passion.

With that realization, he allowed himself to revel in the heat of her surrounding him, gripping him so tightly he wasn't sure how long he could make it. He forced his mind to start listing the capitals of each European country but then her hips moved and he almost yelled out with how good she felt.

"Don't move!" he ordered her as he slid in and out of her once again. Grabbing her hands that had been fluttering on his chest, he held them above her head, watching her face while he moved again and again, gritting his teeth to make this good for her.

"I thought I could touch you this go around," she stammered, gasping when he moved his hips in a way that brought her even more pleasure.

Marissa thought she might have died and gone to heaven. Or maybe it was hell because Zeke was moving so slowly, torturing her with the most incredible feelings she'd ever experienced. She looked up at him and saw that he was holding on to his control with a very thin thread. Well, no more, she thought to herself. She needed him to...yes, just like that and she lifted her hips higher.

With that movement, Zeke couldn't hold on any longer. With one hand lifting her hips, he thrust into her, over and over again, the friction of her heat pushing him beyond control and he only held on until he heard her scream out his name before he allowed himself the release his body was demanding.

When he finally opened his eyes, he looked down at Marissa and something happened inside of him that he didn't completely understand. His only cohesive thought was that he knew that he wanted to do this with this woman over and over again. "Are you okay?" he asked as he lowered himself to her side, pulling her on top of him as he slid out of her heat regrettably.

Marissa couldn't help the giggle that escaped her with his question. Was she okay? She didn't think she'd ever felt this okay before in her life. Stacking her hands on top of his chest, she rested her chin on her hands and watched him curiously. He looked angry. Reaching out, she touched one of his dark eyebrows. "Why are you upset with me?" she asked softly.

Zeke took her hand and bit the tip of her finger gently, almost groaning when she wiggled against him. He'd just had the most incredible orgasm of his entire life. Shouldn't he be sated?

Not happening, he realized as his body hardened for her again.

A thought suddenly occurred to him. "You were a virgin."

She rolled her eyes. "Are we going back to that already?" she asked, not wanting anything serious to mar this moment. She let her hand slide down to his side, wanting to feel those ridges along his stomach that she'd noticed when he'd taken off his shirt earlier.

He raised one eyebrow as if to indicate that she was crazy if she thought they weren't going to discuss the issue of her inexperience. "We are definitely going to discuss that. But more importantly, I just realized that if you are..."

"Was!" she corrected and slipped her hands out from his grip, wanting to explore him more thoroughly.

He smiled and grabbed her hands once again, not willing to let her distract him. "Okay, you were a virgin," he correct, "so I'm assuming you aren't on any birth control?" he asked, then watched her face. When she stilled and looked at his eyes instead of his chest, he knew that his assumption was correct. "And I didn't use a condom. When was your last period?" he asked.

Marissa blushed painfully and wanted to turn away but he wouldn't let her escape. "Um...we should be safe," she said, biting her lip once again as she counted back the days.

"How safe?" he asked.

She sighed and closed her eyes. "My period should be here any day now."

He relaxed slightly but wouldn't let her hands go. "You'll tell me if it doesn't come, correct?"

She nodded her head, painfully embarrassed about the topic.

He had to laugh at her expression. She'd gone from blushing because of desire to blushing because of embarrassment in only moments. And he thought each of those reactions were enchanting. He reached out to his bedside table and pulled open a drawer. "Now that we've gotten that out of the way," he said and placed a box of condoms next to them on the bed.

Marissa turned her head to see what he'd done and her face flamed up once again. She ignored his laughter at her embarrassment and instead focused on what she wanted to learn. Which was what all this skin of his felt like.

"Since you're prepared," she said with a growing smile on her face.

He grabbed her hands once again, shaking his head as he lowered his mouth to her breast once again.

Marissa struggled to get her hands released. "This isn't fair," she cried out, gasping when his tongue flicked against her already pebbled nipple. "I want to touch you."

"Not this time." His mouth moved lower. "I'm not finished with my exploration of your delectable body."

Marissa thought about arguing, but when his finger slid inside of her, she couldn't really form any words. And when his mouth followed his hands, sounds screamed out of her mouth but they still weren't any words. Or at least no words that made sense.

Chapter 4

Marissa rubbed the towel through her hair, a smile on her face as she thought about Zeke and their afternoon that had shifted into evening. And then into night. The man certainly was a passionate lover. It was actually fortuitous that she'd started to get a migraine yesterday because the nap she'd had yesterday was just about the only sleep she'd gotten. Zeke had been relentless and every time he'd touched her, she was just as wanton, just as desperate as the first time. Well, actually, she seemed to get more ravenous for his body.

And when he'd finally allowed her to explore his massive physique...she smiled at the memory.

Her phone rang and she searched through the bedroom to find her purse. When she found it on a chair over by the windows, she had to smile because the only way it could have gotten here was if Zeke had brought it to her.

"Hello?" she answered, hoping it was Zeke.

"Marissa? Are you okay?" Sierra asked.

Marissa instantly felt guilty that she'd completely forgotten about her sister over the past twenty-four hours. "Sierra? Where are you? You've been gone for days!"

She heard her sister sniffle and her panic, as well as her guilt, increased. "I'm fine. I'm at the hospital. It isn't me, Mari," she explained quickly, knowing that Marissa would assume the worst. "It's a man that was at the party several days ago. Dad had him beaten, Mari. Badly. He's barely alive and," she sniffled again, obviously fighting the tears. "And he's fighting for his life."

"Who is he?" Marissa asked, sitting down in the chair next to her purse. Her body had chilled with her sister's words. She was terrified for both herself and Sierra not to mention the stranger her sister was crying for. Marissa didn't even have to ask how badly the man was hurt. Sierra had said the poor guy was fighting for his life. Sierra wasn't into dramatics but very down to earth and realistic.

"I don't know his name," she whispered. "I just saw him at the party and knew something horrible was happening so I followed Don and Jimmy when they drove out of the garage. They just dumped him, Mari," she cried, her voice muffled as if Sierra were covering her mouth from the pain of her words. "They dumped him in an alley as if he were a piece of trash." Sierra stopped for a moment and Marissa could hear her taking a deep, strengthening breath. "But he's not, Mari! I know this sounds ridiculous, but I just know that he's a good man."

Marissa sighed, understanding exactly what was going on. They'd always suspected that horrible things happened in that office but there was never any evidence for them to follow. "Sierra, where are you? Which hospital? And how do you know he didn't do something horribly worse?"

Her sister sniffled once again. "I just know, Mari. And you don't have to come down here. I'm fine. Really I am. I just needed to talk to someone who won't think I'm crazy. Besides, they aren't letting him have visitors yet. Just family and I don't want anyone to recognize me or you. So I'm fine, I merely wanted you to know that I'm fine. But I'm going to stay here and make sure he's okay. Don't tell Dad where I am, okay? Can you cover for me?"

Marissa didn't even hesitate when her sister asked this of her. "Of course. Don't worry about that. I'll make sure to tell Dad something." They'd done this for years, covering for each other when one of them needed to get something done. Because their father was so strict he wouldn't even allow them to stay over at friends' houses to study in the evening or stay late at the library. They'd never had sleepovers nor attended the traditional high school parties unless one of his bodyguards chaperoned. The only way the two of them were able to have a somewhat normal life was with their special system of covering for each other that they'd developed over the years. "Let me know what I can do and check in with me, okay?"

"Thanks," Sierra replied sadly.

With that, she ended the call and Marissa was left to figure out what to do, how to handle her father as well as Zeke. Would Zeke understand her sister's need to protect a stranger? It was odd even for Marissa to understand why the two of them did things.

Marissa gathered up her clothes, shaking her head at the way they were all wrinkled. She couldn't go home in these clothes. Her father would immediately think she'd slept in her clothes. And it wouldn't be a hard leap for him to come to the conclusion that she hadn't actually slept in them, but that they were dumped onto the floor while she slept without them. The next connection would be that she'd slept with a man while said clothes were in a haphazard mess on the floor.

A thought occurred to her. Would he even care if she'd slept with someone? If she told him she'd been with Zeke, the very man her father wanted her to marry, would he be angry or happy? Her father had crassly told her to take off her clothes to get Zeke to marry her, seduce him if needed. So would he care?

She shuddered, not willing to find out. She'd swing by one of her favorite stores and grab some new clothes before going home. As she pulled on her silk blouse and navy skirt, she tried to come up with a reasonable answer for why both she and her sister were out of the house. Their system in the past was to tell their father that they'd seen the other one, or to tell him that she'd seen her sister over at the library or a friend's house or whatever it was that would make him move on to his business. The best story was to explain to their father that the missing one was sick and in bed. Her father was phobic of germs and wouldn't venture down the bedroom hallway when one of them simply had a headache. He prided himself on never getting sick and he couldn't understand why he'd produced two daughters who were so weak and fell victim to germs.

Father of the year was not in the future for Joseph Berutelli, she thought as she ducked under Zeke's bed to find her second shoe. Once she was completely dressed, she grabbed her phone and called for a cab while she wandered through Zeke's house trying to find out how to get out. The place was massive with three levels! As she wandered through the hallways, she was stunned by all the room. Good grief, she was actually lost!

Zeke's housekeeper found her a moment before she turned into the library and showed her to the private elevator where she was able to speed down to the lobby of the building. There she found her cab waiting for her. She was grateful when she arrived at the department store just as it was opening and was quickly able to find a new skirt and blouse, just something to get her into the house.

When she actually walked into the house, after returning to Zeke's office to retrieve her car where she'd left it the day before, she acted as if she'd just returned from shopping instead of returning from sleeping over at a man's house.

Thankfully her father wasn't around, nor did his housekeeper stop her. Betty was a kind woman, but she had never been able to stand up to her father's commands. So if Betty had known that both Sierra and Marissa were gone, she'd never be able to lie to her employer about the issue.

When Marissa was safely inside of her room, she tucked her old clothes into the closet and hurried to her bathroom to put on makeup. She needed to look presentable, although she wasn't exactly sure what she was going to do with herself today. She had some work to do on a website a friend had asked her to create, but she wasn't able to focus on anything important right at the moment.

Laying down on her bed, she stared up at the white ceiling, trying to get her thoughts in order after last night's experience.

First of all, she couldn't believe how sweet and tender Zeke was. When he was making love to her, he was gentle and caring, more giving than she would have imagined. Of course, as soon as he entered her, he was demanding, powerful and...she shivered at the memory of how her body had responded so quickly to everything he'd done to her. He wouldn't let her hide from him either. Inhibitions weren't allowed. Anytime she'd tried to hide from him for any reason, he'd just chuckled and gone ahead with whatever he'd been trying to do. And he had the strength to pin her down and let him take control.

Goodness, she liked that. She hadn't thought she would, but she really loved the way he was so strong and domineering. It made her feel soft and sexy, very feminine.

Should she be worried that she liked a man to take control? Probably. Was she going to worry about it? Try to figure out what it meant about herself? She bit her lip and her fingers twitched on the bedspread. Okay, yes, she was going to worry about what that meant. She couldn't help it. She'd been a feminist all her life, not wanting to be dominated by her father's orders. So enjoying Zeke's commanding presence during sex was something she was darn well going to worry about.

He was a sweet, caring man and....oh no!

She sat up in the bed, every muscle in her body tense as she realized something horrible.

"Impossible," she said out loud to the empty room. "It simply isn't possible!" She refused to believe that she was in love with the man.

She paced back and forth, her mind refusing to accept the truth. But every excuse she came up with for how she was feeling was a lie. She told herself that she'd just wanted to have sex, but she'd never been even remotely interested in any kind of physical intimacy with the men she'd dated previously. She told herself that she simply wanted to rebel against her father, but that certainly didn't strike a chord especially when she realized that she couldn't see Zeke any more for fear of putting him in jeopardy with her father.

With a sigh, and ignoring the tear that seeped out from one eye, she laid back down on her bed and continued staring at the ceiling. She ignored her cell phone when it started ringing, assuming it was just her father. He probably thought she owed him a status update on her mission to marry Zeke. It occurred to her that it might be Zeke calling to check on her, but he'd left her with a kiss this morning, telling her he'd see her later tonight as he rushed off to meetings. So it wouldn't be him calling her. She had a special ring tone for her sister, so right now, she simply didn't want to talk to anyone.

Focusing on the important issues, she realized that she had to protect Zeke. She had to stay as far away from him as possible. She couldn't marry him, even to save herself from a marriage to the repulsive Jimmy. She would marry Jimmy to save her sister and to keep her father from getting his grip on Zeke and any of his contacts. The man deserved better than to be forced into a family like hers.

The sadness that seeped into her body, leaving her cold and shaking, was so intense she wished she could find some sort of escape, some relief. But there wasn't anything she could do about the way she was feeling. She just hoped with time that she would get over Zeke.

Would being married to Jimmy be so bad? There had to be something good about him, she thought as she pictured the man in her mind. He had....okay well, there was his....

She sighed and rolled over, her arm covering her eyes in an effort to block the man's image from her mind. The man was a slug. He had a huge pot-belly and dark eyes that were pure evil. Whenever he looked in her direction, she got the willies. He preferred those polyester shirts that were so famous with the guys on "The Sopranos" and wore not one, but two gold chains.

He had several gold teeth, she remembered sadly. Why would anyone pull out their teeth and insert gold ones?

She stood up and paced her room, walking from the window to her desk in an effort to come up with a plan to get out of marriage to a slimy, gross, cruel individual like Jimmy Traveri. Even her father's opinion about the man was a mark against him since anyone her father liked was a bad sign. Her father respected all the wrong personality traits in her opinion.

Zeke probably would hate the man. Zeke was honest and kind and sweet and gentle. He'd never be able to stand up to the pressure her father, and probably Jimmy, would bring to bear. Zeke would be drawn into the criminal world and would be eaten up by all the problems that kind of business would cause him.

Her phone started ringing again and she walked over to her purse, digging out her cell phone. The number was blocked so she wasn't sure who was calling her. She pressed the button to send the call to voice mail, but realized that she had several text messages and e-mails. Not an astonishing occurrence, since she'd been out of contact with everyone for over twenty-four hours now.

She clicked on the buttons and gasped when she saw that the first four messages were from Zeke. She hadn't known his e-mail address, nor did she know how he'd gotten hers. But there they were.

She thought about deleting them, just cutting him out of her life because being with him was too dangerous. Her finger poised over the button while her mind debated back and forth about how to handle messages from the most incredible man she'd ever met in her life. In the end, she couldn't trash the one link she had with the man.

Clicking the most recent message, she read, "Where are you?!" The first three were milder, but the message was clear. He was looking for her? And all of them had come to her in the last hour and a half. She'd just left his place about two hours ago so why would he be concerned about where she was?

She pressed the reply button and told him that she'd come home, then waited tensely for a response.

She didn't have long to wait. "Coming to get you. Be ready to leave immediately. I'm five minutes out."

She relished the tingle of excitement over the idea of seeing him again, but then remembered her resolve to keep him away from the craziness of her father's world. "Can't. Stay away."

She pressed send before she had a chance to reconsider or before her resolve wore down. She moved to her bathroom and looked at her appearance in the mirror. Her hair was still too frazzled so she quickly brushed it, tying it back against her head so it at least appeared somewhat neat and professional. She didn't bother with makeup, not really caring about her appearance when her heart was actually breaking. How that man had gotten through her defenses so quickly, she couldn't figure out. She barely knew the man.

Sitting down at her computer, she tried to concentrate on work. But her mind was more attuned to listening for a response to her last message. When the silence continued, she told herself that it was better this way. She tried to convince herself that she was glad that he would respect her wishes for him to stay away.

She swiped the tears away, refusing to give in to the sadness that was threatening to choke her. It was better. Much better now. She'd survive. She'd marry Jimmy, protect her sister and read about Zeke in the business news. Surely she didn't have to be married to Jimmy for too long, would she?

But what if she got pregnant? She couldn't ever leave her child. And the whole point of the marriage would be to provide her father with a grandson.

No, marriage to Jimmy would not happen. She'd figure out how to get out of this. There had to be an answer. She could....

The doorbell ringing startled her out of her plans to escape her father's desired fate for her. She wasn't sure what she expected, but the trembling started immediately. It was Zeke. She knew it was Zeke. There couldn't be anyone else who would arrive this early in the morning and he'd just told her that he was five minutes away.

She ignored the singing of her heart when she realized that he'd ignored her order to stay away from him. She'd have to reject him, tell him she wasn't interested, but it certainly was nice that he was at least coming to try and find out why she was rejecting him.

A moment later her bedroom door slammed open and Zeke stood in the center, his head almost hitting the top and his dark eyes slicing through the room until they rested on her. She stood by her desk, her body shaking with both surprise and the normal reaction whenever Zeke was near. "What are you doing here?" she demanded, her eyes glancing out her bedroom window where she could see across the courtyard to her father's office. Had Betty already told him that a man had shown up asking to see his daughter? Would the housekeeper be nervous about someone barging into Marissa's room? Betty had probably never met Zeke before so there was a very real possibility that she had already called her father to let him take care of this issue.

People simply didn't barge into Joe Berutelli's home. It had never happened so Marissa wasn't sure how her father would react.

Zeke looked furious as he walked towards her, his eyes scanning her from head to toe, almost as if he were trying to ensure that she was okay. That silly fluttering in her stomach flared back to life with the possibility. "Pack a bag if you want to, Marissa. But you're coming with me." He stood in front of her, hands on his hips and glaring down at her. "I don't want to hear any more of this crap about keeping me away either."

Marissa tore her eyes away from his magnificent form, her body shivering with excitement just at his close proximity. She tried to hide her reaction though, knowing that she had to get him away from her for his own protection. "You can't be in my room," she gasped, looking behind him, then out the window again. "You have to leave. Please hurry." She tried to push him out of her bedroom, glancing through her window to see if her father had left his office. She could just imagine him and whichever goons were with him storming across the patio to confront whoever had entered his house without permission.

Zeke wasn't going to let her protect him though. Instead of exiting her bedroom, he actually stepped closer to her, his arm wrapping around her waist as he pulled her against his hard, demanding body. "Marissa, let's get something straight. You're coming with me and I'm not waiting for you to agree with me. This is non-negotiable. If you want to pack something, then I'll give you sixty seconds but understand that I'd rather dress you in clothes I've bought you, or even better, have you completely naked. So don't mistake my calm voice for weak determination. You're coming with me in one minute, packed or not packed."

Marissa looked up into his eyes, her hands holding onto his shoulders to steady herself but she knew that he wouldn't let her fall. She also understood that he wasn't bluffing. The man would probably carry her out the door over his shoulder if she didn't hurry along.

"I don't understand why," she started to say and glanced through the window one more time.

"Fifty-five seconds, Marissa."

She was completely confused, but she also knew that she needed to get him out of there. Fast. She definitely didn't want her father to discover him here in her bedroom. She had no idea how her father would react to his presence in his house, much less his daughter's bedroom. Her father might want his daughter married to the man, but he might consider Zeke being in his daughter's bedroom as a sign of disrespect. That would be extremely dangerous.

"Come on," she sighed and grabbed her purse, intending to come back later once she'd figured out what he was talking about, what his purpose was. "Let's get out of here before you're discovered in my room."

Zeke was in whole-hearted agreement. Not so worried about being in her bedroom but about getting him out of this house, with that man as her father. He'd been worried ever since his housekeeper told him she'd left his penthouse this morning. He'd instinctively known she'd gone back to her father's house even though he'd told her he'd see her tonight. He'd meant that she should stay where she was. He had never intended for her to leave the safety and security of his penthouse, especially to come back here where her father could hurt her.

He took her arm and hurried her out the door, almost pushing her into his waiting limousine where his security detail was already on standby for him and Marissa's appearance. "We're in," he said to his driver even before the door closed. "Go," was all Zeke said and the tires were squealing down the street.

Marissa looked behind them and noticed a black SUV right behind them. "One of yours?" she asked.

Zeke only nodded grimly as he took his phone out of his pocket. "We're on the way. Have everything ready. We only have ten minutes at the most."

He hung up and looked out the window. Marissa waited for him to explain now that they were alone, but when it looked like he would remain silent, she shook her head, her patience and worry getting the better of her. Besides, she couldn't contain her curiosity any longer. "So where are we going and why does someone only have ten minutes?"

He swung his head around, pinning her with his almost black eyes. "We're running behind schedule." He looked out the window, his impatience almost palpable. "We're here," he said a moment later. The limousine pulled up outside a small, exclusive boutique and Zeke took her hand in his, pulling her gently but insistently out of the vehicle behind him and leading her into the store.

A tall, beautiful blond stepped in front of them as soon as they entered. She looked cool and sophisticated with a professional smile on her face, making Marissa feel dowdy and homely with her barely styled hair and her just-bought clothes. "Everything is waiting for you, Mr. Vaughn. We're here to help you with anything you need," she explained and gestured for them to follow her to the back of the store.

Marissa gasped when they stopped in front of several mirrors. There were no other patrons, but there were five different wedding dresses in different styles hanging from each of the mirrors. "Pick one," Zeke said, crossing his arms over his chest and glaring at her.

Marissa's mouth dropped open and she stared at the dresses, then at Zeke, whose arms were straining the material of his jacket with his muscular arms crossed like that. "Pick one?" she repeated. "Why would I pick any of them?" she asked warily, unconsciously stepped backwards as if to separate herself from the idea of wearing a wedding gown. It wasn't that she didn't want to marry Zeke. It was that she wanted to marry him too much. Despite their short acquaintance, Zeke was the kind of man she knew only came around once in a lifetime.

Unfortunately, her lifetime would put him in jeopardy.

Zeke stepped forward and looked her up and down, almost as if he didn't know her body intimately. "That one," he said, pointing towards a gorgeous gown with a skirt that billowed out almost magically, as if a group of fairies were dancing around the edge, holding it out and making it flutter mystically. The hem only came to mid-calf but that didn't diminish the elegance of the dress. The bodice would hug her breasts and waist, making her feel slender and feminine. It was gilded with tiny pearls and shimmering crystals, cap sleeves and a sweetheart neckline, looking just as dramatic as the shimmering skirt. "It's beautiful," she gasped, but shook her head. "I still don't understand why you chose that one."

He stepped forward, taking her hands gently. "Would you just try it on for me?" he asked, his eyes soft, but still coaxing.

She was about to shake her head in denial, but something about his gaze told her that it might be a good idea to just humor him on this subject.

With shaking hands, she took the dress and followed the blond woman into a dressing room. It took only moments to take off the clothes she'd just purchased that morning and pull on the fabulous dress. It didn't need any alterations, fitting her perfectly. It was absolutely gorgeous!

The blond woman handed her a pair of white, satin shoes and Marissa slipped them onto her bare feet, feeling only slightly awkward to not be wearing white stockings.

She wasn't sure what was going on, but she loved the dress.

When she stepped out of the dressing room, she peeked up at Zeke and was flattered when his eyes flared in appreciation of her in the dress. "What do you think?" she asked softly, stepping up onto the round staging area. "It's pretty, isn't it?"

"You're beautiful," he said, his voice husky as he looked her up and down. "We'll take it," he said and nodded to the blond. "Let's go," he said and took her hand. "I'm sorry that you can't get your hair and nails done, Marissa. But we really need to hurry."

Marissa was almost running behind him, trying to pull his hand to slow him down, but he ignored her feeble attempt and rushed her out of the boutique. "I can't take this dress, Zeke," she gasped when he didn't even stop to pay for the dress. "I can't..." she wasn't sure what she was going to say but he stopped her by pushing her back into the limousine, which quickly sped off once again as soon as he was in the car as well.

She pushed her hair out of her eyes and looked up at him, pushing the skirt of the dress down so he could see her angry expression. "Zeke, what's going on?" she demanded, hoping he would understand her frustration at being kept in the dark.

He shook his head and pulled out his cell phone once again. "We're on the way. We'll be there in less than five minutes." He waited, nodded his head at whatever someone was telling him and his mouth compressed with frustration. He glanced at her only once before he turned away and nodded. "I understand. Make sure everything is ready. Matt understands what's going on, correct?" Another pause and he nodded. "Good. We're almost there."

"Zeke," she started again, only to be interrupted by another phone call. She tried to wait patiently for him to finish, but she felt extremely silly sitting in the elegant car in a gorgeous wedding dress when it was barely even eleven o'clock in the morning. When they pulled up to a large, sandstone building, a side entrance that seemed vaguely familiar, Marissa was becoming downright agitated. She tried to hide it while he spoke on the phone, but when he once again pulled her out of the car, she became angry that he was treating her like this and not telling her anything. "Zeke, I'm not taking another step until you tell me what's going on!" stated firmly and dug her heels in to stop their momentum. They were standing in the middle of the hallway, the sun shining through the lone window behind him while her eyes revealed her frustration and impatience.

In response, Zeke glanced at his watch, then looked both ways down the hallway. "If you could just hold your questions for another thirty seconds, we'll be in Matt's office and you'll understand." He waited for her to briefly nod her acquiescence before proceeding down yet another hallway. When they finally came to a door marked "Judge Matthew Johnson" Marissa felt her stomach muscles tighten with fear.

"Why are we here?" she asked, but a part of her knew. The wedding dress should have been a tipoff, but she simply couldn't believe that Zeke would hurry through any sort of marriage ceremony in this manner.

As soon as they entered, Zeke nodded to an older man, presumably "Matt", who was standing in the middle of his office along with two older women, one on each side of him.

Zeke nodded to the older, stately gentleman. "Give us just a moment," he said and turned to Marissa. "We're getting married," he stated with absolute finality, then waited to see her reaction. When her eyes widened, he took both of her hands in his and held them steady. "We have to, Marissa. And you know exactly why."

Marissa was already shaking her head. Less than an hour ago, she'd been laying on her bed and had come to the decision that she would marry Jimmy Traveri just to protect Zeke from her father's retribution. Now she was standing in front of a federal judge in a wedding dress and Zeke was asking...no, telling her, that they were going to be married?

"We can't," she said with finality and tried to pull her hands away.

Zeke wouldn't release her. He pulled her closer and rubbed her freezing hands to try and warm them up. "Marissa, I'm not letting you go. And you know exactly why we have to be married. It must be quick. Don't worry about the rest. We can work out the details later. Let's just get this over with and we can talk, okay? I need to make sure you are safe and this is the fastest way I can think of right at the moment."

Marissa didn't agree, but Zeke turned to the older man and nodded.

Matt smiled reassuringly. "Good morning, Ms. Berutelli. This is my wife, Olivia Johnson, and my administrative assistant, Rosemary. They'll act as witnesses for the ceremony if that's okay with you."

"She's fine with that," he said before Marissa could even open her mouth to agree or disagree.

Marissa was about to grumble something impolite about rude men making assumptions, but she noticed the distinguished looking judge was having a hard time suppressing his amusement. The older women also had laughter in their eyes so she stood there quietly in her gorgeous gown, trying to figure out how to stop this insanity.

"Let's begin," Matt said with a general nod to the group.

Zeke agreed but Marissa shook her head. "I need a private word with you," she snapped up at Zeke.

He didn't even bother to look down at her but took her hand in his and nodded to Matt. "We're ready to begin." Without looking at her he bent lower and said, "We'll talk privately later. I know this is strange, but a marriage certificate will keep you safe."

The judge chuckled at their identical, belligerent expressions but looked down at a book he was holding in his hands. "Marissa Desiree Berutelli, do you take Zeke Randolph Vaughn to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, forsaking all others. If so, say 'I do'."

Marissa looked around as four sets of eyes turned and looked down at her. She even looked behind her and realized there were two bulky men standing behind her. Those two men weren't looking at her, but one peered out the door, then back in the office.

"She does," Zeke said when she continued to hesitate.

"Really?" Marissa asked with sarcasm dripping from the one word. "I do?"

Zeke winked at her. "There, she said it. Let's move on."

Matt laughed and shook his head. "She has to sincerely say it, Zeke. You can't railroad her through this ceremony."

Zeke sighed heavily and turned to face Marissa. "I know this is confusing to you, but you're going to have to trust me. Everything will be fine. We won't make any lasting promises today. Just get through the ceremony and we'll figure out the rest later on. Okay?"

She started to shake her head but noticed his warning look and stopped. "Zeke, how do you know everything will be okay? We barely know each other."

"You trusted me last night. And look how that turned out." He looked down at her with arrogance and complete confidence that there would be a repeat of last night.

He would have to bring that up, wouldn't he? She blushed and tried to pull her hand away. "That was different..."

He wouldn't release her hand, but kept it firmly in both of his. "That proved that we're compatible."

"Only..." she glanced self-consciously at the three others who were avidly listening to the conversation. Knowing there was no way around it, she just spat it out. "That only proves that we're sexually compatible. It doesn't mean we should be married."

"That's more than half the battle," he argued with a raunchy grin. "Would you just say the words and we can get out of here and I can explain everything?"

"No."

He sighed and turned to her. "You leave me no choice then." Without warning, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her, his hands holding her against him, pressing her softness against his body and showing her how compatible they really were. He felt her resistance for only a moment before she gave in to the passion that was always just under the surface.

When she was gripping his shoulders, willingly kissing him back with all the latent passion he knew was within her, he lifted his head, still holding her close. "Just say 'I do'," he coaxed softly with that husky voice that never failed to send exciting shivers throughout her body.

With a shuddering breath, she said, "I do."

Zeke bent down and kissed her one more time, gently, but the caress still made her shudder with anticipation. He felt it and almost groaned with the need to possess her, protect her. But he had to get her married to him first. This woman would be his and he needed his stamp on her. It was such an odd sensation for him and he was having trouble dealing with his first bout of protectiveness. And a raging surge of jealousy and protectiveness each time he thought about her father's plans. He silently prayed she didn't know anything about her father's attempts to marry her off to his brutish lieutenant or the alternative plans that had been discussed. When Zeke had heard the news, he'd been livid at the idea.

But here she was, and he couldn't help the possessiveness that shone through his eyes after her declaration. She was his and he wouldn't let anything happen to her.

"It's about time," he teased before tucking her hand in his and turning back to his friend. "We're good to go."

Matt rolled his eyes, but he accepted her answer. "Zeke Raphael Vaughn, do you take Marissa Desiree Berutelli, to have and to hold..."

Marissa heard the words but her mind couldn't comprehend their meaning. Was this really happening? She turned and peeked behind her. Sure enough, bodyguards were still watching the doorway. One of them even whispered something into a hidden microphone just like the secret service people do on television.

The deep voice of Zeke talking caught her attention and she turned back to the judge. "I now pronounce you husband and wife," he was saying. Marissa's stomach just about dropped out of her body and she placed a hand on her abdomen, trying not to hyperventilate at all that was going on around her.

Zeke put a warm, reassuring hand around her tiny waist as he shook everyone's hand, obvious relief rushing through him that they were finally wed. Knowing that Marissa was still in shock, he carefully placed a pen in her hand and told her to sign something and she suspected that she'd done so, but had no idea what he'd had her sign. She trusted him, but it really would be nice to have some sort of memory of what she'd just agreed to, she thought with rising hysteria.

The entire event took probably less than fifteen minutes. She was being hustled out of the judge's office and back down the dim hallway so she couldn't really let herself enjoy a full blown panic attack. It too much effort just to put one foot in front of the other with Zeke's arm around her waist. When they were safely back in the limousine and the driver had pulled away, Zeke didn't hesitated to pull her onto his lap and kiss her. His large, strong hands held her head while his mouth smothered her protests, his lips ridding her of resistance as he coaxed a response out of her numb mind and body.

Just as before, it didn't take long before she was a full partner in the kiss, her hands reaching up so her fingers could tangle in his short hair but it was the way her body curled towards him that gave him hope that this was going to be okay...that he hadn't completely terrified this young beauty beyond anything she'd experienced before.

"You're mine now," he said with grim satisfaction.

"I am?" she asked, still looking dazed and not quite sure what was going on.

"Absolutely."

"What are you going to do with me now?" she asked, slumping against his chest, weary and still confused.

"I'm taking you out to lunch, we're going to have a calm conversation and you're going to tell me what's going on."

Her eyebrows went up with that. Shouldn't it be the other way around? "And if I don't?"

He laughed softly, shaking his head as his hand reached inside his jacket. He pulled out his phone and pressed a button.

Marissa took that moment to look down at her hand. The cold metal around her ring finger startled her. Zeke was wearing a wedding band as well? When had she placed that on his finger? When had he put the ring on her finger?

She looked down and was surprised at how much she liked the ring. It wasn't just a plain, gold band but had scroll work and small, gold flowers etched into the sides. It was lovely and romantic. His was just a simple, gold band though. She'd always thought she'd want matching wedding bands with her husband, but seeing this elaborate, detailed wedding band, she knew that Zeke had chosen this band himself. And she thought it was very sweet that he'd selected something so romantic looking.

She was so confused and she couldn't seem to make sense of anything. This whole day, from the moment she'd woken up in Zeke's bed to the present moment seemed like she was an actress playing some fanciful part. A part she wasn't really sure how to follow, create or improvise.

A moment later, he said, "Dave, any updates on what's going on with Marissa Berutelli?" He listened for a moment, then nodded his head. "I have no idea, but you'll probably need to use your back door resources. Let me know what you hear as soon as possible." With that, he ended the call and slid the phone back into his jacket pocket.

Turning to face her once again, he said, "I doubt you'll trust me enough to actually tell me the whole story, but I'll get it one way or another. So why don't you explain the broad strokes of this drama your father has created and we can fill in the details as we get to know each other?"

She glared at him, her stomach twisting into knots as she tried to figure out how much he might find out. It was humiliating to be in this kind of a position. How many fathers actually ordered their daughters to marry a stranger just so he can find himself an heir?

Okay, so maybe a hundred years ago that might have happened all the time. But not now! She tried to appear relaxed, but she wasn't sure she was able to pull it off completely. "Lunch would be nice," she replied, but she suspected she wouldn't be able to eat anything. Come to think of it, she hadn't eaten any dinner the previous night, nor breakfast this morning. The last meal she'd had was lunch with him yesterday out on his sun-filled terrace. They'd skipped dinner last night, too intent on discovering each other's bodies. And then this morning, she hadn't even thought about the idea of eating something because she'd been too worried that her father might find out about her absence last night.

Another thought occurred to her. She needed to see her sister, just to make sure she was really okay. She pulled out her phone and looked through her e-mail and text messages. Nothing! Looking out the window, she bit her lower lip, trying to decide what to do. She knew Sierra was at the hospital with her stranger, but what if Sierra had been wrong about the man's character? What if he was one of the bad guys? She could get caught in the middle of a tricky and dangerous situation.

"Now what's going on in that pretty little head of yours?" Zeke demanded as he helped her sit down at the table in the lovely, private rooms in one of the city's most exclusive restaurants.

Marissa's eyes snapped to his, her anger evident in the way she held herself back from his hands. "First of all, my head is not little. I'm a very intelligent woman with skills you know nothing about." She wasn't sure why she was being so mean to him when he was actually being very sweet. There was just something about this man that disturbed her. Well...not to mention that he'd just become her husband. That was probably it, she told herself as she fiddled with the linen napkin on her lap.

Zeke smiled slightly, enjoying the fire that had come back into her eyes. "I know that you run a successful business. Why you aren't expanding further, especially with your very good reputation, is a mystery I'd like to understand. Care to tell me why you won't grow your website business further?"

Marissa's panic increased. "How do you know about that?" she demanded, her eyes unknowingly giving him information by the fear that suddenly appeared.

He leaned forward while the waiter poured the champagne he'd ordered. "I know a great deal about you," he said once they were relatively alone again. "For instance, I know that you want me almost as much as I want you."

She shifted uncomfortably in her chair, her fingers wrapping around the glass of ice water as if that might cool down her overly heated body. "And you think that's justification for a marriage?" Why was she being so snappish? The man was only trying to help her, although he might be doing it in an overly domineering manner.

He smiled slightly, his face not changing in any way. Zeke understood that she was confused, nervous and not getting answers quickly enough. If he were in her position, he'd be pretty furious as well. "You know exactly why we're now married. And you should have talked to me last night instead of trying to seduce me." He chuckled as he took a sip of the sparkling wine. "I guess it worked, didn't it? Since we're now married and we're definitely going to be doing more of last night's activities."

She lifted a slim shoulder and took a sip of her champagne, abstractly appreciating the crisp taste. "I don't know what you're talking about. Last night shouldn't happen again."

"Your father, then. Tell me what is going on with him," he demanded and knew he'd scored again when she let her eyes drop. "Why did he want you to marry me so badly?"

Marissa carefully set her wine glass down and hid her shaking hands under the linen covered table. "Don't go there," she whispered, looking down at her plate.

Zeke watched her, his mind sifting through all the information he'd discovered about her family. He wouldn't relent, but he would back away strategically. Obviously, questions about her father's motives were too painful at the moment. "Where's your sister?" he asked gently. Soon, she'd learn to trust him.

Marissa shivered. "I don't know. I haven't seen her since the party. I spoke to her on the phone this morning and she told me that she was at the hospital, helping out someone who was hurt. But I haven't seen her, I don't know who this stranger is and I don't know why she's so adamant that she must be the one to help him. I just know that I needed to protect her."

Zeke quickly pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number. "Dave, I need you to find someone. Sierra Berutelli has been missing for the past three days, probably at one of the major hospitals but we're not sure which one. Get everyone on it, but don't get the police involved. Not yet at least. Report back to me by the end of the day with what you've learned unless you find her sooner."

That command made Marissa's eyes snap right back up to his. She relaxed slightly with the news that she was getting some help from someone. "Thank you," she said softly. "Sierra is eighteen and very responsible. She's never been gone for this long before. She's always careful to let me know what's happening and I do the same for her. She phoned, but I don't have enough details to know that she's safe."

"So you're sister has been missing and you've been ordered by your father to become my wife. I suppose he wants me in the family for...nefarious reasons. Am I correct?"

Marissa shrunk down in her chair slightly, feeling defeated. She hated this aspect of her family's reputation and tried very hard to pretend to outsiders that they might be normal and that her father just worked a great many hours. But when faced with all these issues at once, there really was no way to avoid the facts. "Yes."

Zeke watched her carefully, wishing some of the color would come back into her beautiful cheeks. He wanted the sparkle in her eyes again too. "And if you hadn't married me, what would have happened?"

Marissa was relieved when their food arrived. She leaned back so the waiter could place her salad in front of her. She wasn't hungry, actually feeling slightly sick to her stomach. But she'd do what she always did when faced with these kinds of issues. She'd pretend that everything was perfectly fine.

"Nothing will happen," she stated firmly, feigning a casualness that she didn't feel. "My father will continue with whatever it is that he does and I'll continue with what I do. Our lives rarely intersect unless he needs me and my sister at some social function."

Zeke didn't say anything for a long moment, considering how to help her without demolishing her sense of self-worth and confidence. "Marissa, I know more than you think. Why do you suppose I rushed you through that ceremony in Matt's office? He's a good man and even he understood the issue. So why not be honest with me and let me help you?"

Marissa looked at his strong, broad shoulders, wishing desperately that she could rely on him to help her out of this mess her father had created with her as the prime player. But she just couldn't do it.

Although, now that they were married, what did that mean about his future? How could she protect him? The panic increased and she desperately wished she could escape, or maybe throw her arms around his neck and spill out the whole, disgusting story.

When his phone rang, Marissa startled slightly, but continued to nibble on her salad while he answered his phone. "What did you learn?"

Marissa stared at him, her whole body tense and wary as she waited for him to say something, to acknowledge the information the caller was conveying. But he just continued to nod his head. "Thanks," he finally said and ended the call.

Picking up his fork, he glared at her. "So if you hadn't married me, you would have been forced to marry Jimmy Treveri so that your father can get a son. When were you going to tell me that? After your first anniversary?"

She shivered at the idea of Jimmy as a husband, hoping he didn't notice. "It's none of your business," she said, her fork sifting through her salad as if she were trying to find something interesting to stab but in reality, she was simply trying to fight the tears of humiliation that threatened to fall over her lashes.

"Your sister is safe. She's been helping your brother at the hospital. Apparently, he was beaten up rather badly in a bar fight and is now in intensive care."

Marissa blinked and looked back at him curiously. "We don't have a brother." That just increased her sense of foreboding. Or was it actually good news? If the hospital thought that Sierra was the man's sister, wouldn't she be protected if someone might come to finish the job?

Zeke shrugged. "Okay, the man isn't your brother and is just some guy she feels strongly about. His name is Drake Harrison. I've met him a couple of times but I don't know him personally. Dave says he was beaten up pretty badly. He's in intensive care but the information Dave received was that he was going to survive."

Marissa tried to process all of that information, including the fact that Zeke had found that out in less than twenty-four hours all of the secrets she'd been trying to hide from him, and had located her sister in less than ten minutes. Even her father couldn't gather information that quickly. "How did you find out all of that information so quickly?" she asked, amazed at his resources.

"My investigators are better than your father's," he stated succinctly. "Now would you please eat something? I know you didn't eat any dinner last night and I doubt you've had anything since I last saw you. Then we'll head over to the hospital and find out what's going on with your sister."

Marissa looked down at her salad and shook her head. "I can make my way to the hospital for Sierra. I'll be okay." She fluffed up her beautiful dress awkwardly. "I just need a change of clothes. Do you still have the other outfit I was wearing earlier today?"

"Those clothes are in the car I believe. Although I think you look stunning in that dress," he said, his eyes flaring with heat and she couldn't deny that she liked it when he looked at her like that. He then shook his head at her other issue. "About you going to the hospital alone, not a chance. I'm coming with you," he stated firmly.

Marissa didn't want to slow him down, so she picked through her salad, eating as much of the protein as she could swallow under the circumstances. "I'm ready," she said when she'd finished all of the salmon from her salad and most of the vegetables, leaving only the lettuce behind.

He looked at her plate and nodded, apparently accepting that she'd eaten enough. "Fine." He signaled to the waiter and handed him a credit card, indicating that the waiter should hurry with their check. The waiter practically ran, obviously understanding their urgency somehow, coming back only moments later with the check to be signed.

"Let's go," he said and took Marissa's hand in his large one.

She knew she should probably pull her hand away, but it felt too wonderful to be held by his. He was strong and secure, warm and gentle but firm all the same. One of his bodyguards was standing at the lobby to the restaurant with her clothes. She was truly grateful for the change, feeling very awkward and conspicuous in the wedding dress. No matter how lovely it was, people stopped to stare, some of them smiling with a knowing grin and others, mostly women, glaring at her with jealousy. Marissa preferred to be a bit more circumspect, not liking to be the center of attention.

It took his driver less than fifteen minutes to make it across town to the hospital where the mysterious Dave had mentioned Sierra was visiting her stranger.

When they found her in one of the waiting rooms, Sierra took one look at her sister and burst into tears. "Mari! I'm so glad you're here!" she cried, throwing herself into her sister's arms as if she were a lifeline.

Marissa wrapped her arms around her sister and guided her over to one of the waiting room chairs. "Tell me what's happening," she urged, trying to infuse her voice with strength. Sierra cried for about fifteen minutes, telling Marissa about the man going into their father's office, then the black Lincoln driving away and her frantic chase to keep up with them. By the time she was finished, Marissa knew more about the man's injuries than she ever wanted to know. She couldn't believe that her father could do something like this, but apparently, he was just as cruel and heartless as they'd suspected.

When Zeke handed Sierra a cup of coffee, she smiled gratefully up at him.

Sierra sniffled and took a sip of the coffee and a tissue, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. "Okay, I'm fine now," she said. Looking at Marissa, she said, "I think most of those tears were just due to stress so please don't think I'm breaking down, Mari. I just..." she searched for the right words. "I can't believe that the man who did this is our father. It's just too horrific to believe."

Marissa looked suspiciously at her sister, not sure if she believed her mental state or not. "What are you going to do?" she asked soothingly.

Sierra was quite firm about her plans. "I'm going to stay here and make sure no one else hurts that man. He didn't deserve any of this."

Marissa eyed her sister cautiously. "How do you know he wasn't part of the problem?"

Sierra was already shaking her head, denying that the man fighting for his life in the hospital bed was like their father. "No. He's innocent in all of this. I can't explain it to you. I just know it, Mari."

"His name is Drake Harrison," Zeke explained. "And according to Dave, he has no ties with your father or any other criminal enterprises. He's a good man," Zeke assured Marissa.

"See?" Sierra said triumphantly, as if Zeke's statement was fact simply because it coincided with her own opinion of the stranger. "Listen, Mari. You have to trust me. I'm going to be okay. I'm going to make sure this man survives, I'll pay for all of his hospital and doctors' expenses on the credit cards Dad gave to us and then I'm going to head off to school. I don't care what Dad says about my education. I'm done listening to him and following his commands. As far as I'm concerned, our father is dead to me." Her chin jutted out stubbornly and Marissa prayed that Sierra's instincts bout the man were on target.

"And if he has other plans for you?" Marissa asked worriedly, thinking about the predicament she was currently in.

"Then I'll go into hiding. I don't care anymore. This was the last straw, Mari. I'm moving out and I'm not going to watch as Dad does these kinds of things. Nor am I going to live off of the largesse of his criminal enterprises anymore. I'm out," she stated emphatically.

Marissa knew that Sierra would have a fight ahead of her. She wasn't sure what she could do, but Sierra was strong. "We'll do this together," she said, deciding that her sister was right. It was time for both of them to move on with their lives.

Sierra smiled slightly. "You're a great sister, Mari. But I don't want you involved in this."

Marissa shook her head adamantly. "I'm not leaving you."

Zeke cleared his throat at that moment. "I'm sorry to contradict you, Marissa, but you're coming with me." Turning to Sierra and before Marissa could contradict him he said, "Sierra, I'm going to leave some bodyguards with you. They will be here to protect you and help you with whatever you need. Do you understand?"

Another tear slipped from Sierra's eye. "Thank you. But could they guard Mr. Harrison? I don't think..."

Zeke smiled gently as he interrupted her. "I know this is going to come as a shock, but you're my sister-in-law now and I won't allow anything to happen to you. They'll protect both of you." Zeke wasn't going to leave this young girl on her own, especially if what he suspected was true. "Call me if you run into any problems and especially call me if you decide you don't want the guards. Will you do that?"

Sierra tearily looked into Zeke's eyes, a man she'd never met. Her eyes went to Marissa's hand that was in the stranger's, saw her sister's wedding ring, then back to the man's eyes. With a fast decision, Sierra accepted this person her sister obviously trusted. "I'll call you. And thank you," she said with heartfelt sincerity.

Turning to Marissa, she looked at her with obvious surprise. "Mari, you have a lot of explaining to do. So as soon as you can, give me a call and tell me everything that has happened since that horrible party, okay?"

Zeke put a hand on Sierra's shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "I have to take your sister away for a while. And I'm sorry to do this at a crisis point..."

"Don't worry," Sierra interrupted. "I think I understand. Just keep her safe, okay?"

Zeke's respect for his new wife's sister grew exponentially in that moment. She wasn't as fragile as she looked. "I'll protect her with my life."

Marissa glanced between the two of them and a touch of jealousy flared up, surprising her. She'd never felt jealous about anyone before. Why would she feel threatened by her sister and the man she'd just married?

Maybe it was because Sierra was looking at the man she....no, not loved, but definitely wanted for some strange reason...and there was something in her eyes. Some indefinable emotion she'd never seen before.

With one more squeeze, Zeke stood up, taking Marissa's hand in his and pulling her out of the waiting room. "Watch her and the man she's watching over," Zeke said to the two men standing outside the waiting room doors.

"I'll call Mr. Hamilton and get more men here, Mr. Vaughn," one of them said, already pulling his phone out of his pocket to call Hamilton Securities, one of the best security agencies in the world.

"No. I'll call Mitch myself and get more people to cover myself and Marissa. He just got married a few months ago so I need him to focus on this and not Claire. At least for a few minutes." He was only half joking and the guards all knew it. Mitch Harrison wouldn't disappoint but they all knew about his new wife who could be a distraction. Especially when she was trying to break into their home. "You stay here. Don't' take your focus off of either of them until this gets cleared up."

It looked like the man was going to argue but Zeke didn't wait around to hear the issues the bodyguard would bring up. He had to get Marissa out of there. His personal guards were becoming anxious which meant that they knew something they couldn't tell him around Marissa.

After a reassuring nod and a smile of agreement, Zeke led Marissa back out of the hospital. He got her back into the protection of his limousine as quickly as possible, needing her safe. He caught Dave's eye a moment before he ducked into the car and nodded. Dave understood the message and instantly reacted to the unspoken communication.

Marissa watched the interaction between Zeke and the unnamed man and she knew something was terribly wrong. "What's going on?" she demanded as soon as Zeke was sitting next to her again.

Zeke took her hand, squeezing it gently. "I just want you safe," was all he would say.

After a lifetime of living with secrets, she knew something was significantly wrong. She considered her words carefully, trying to figure out what she could say that would reassure him that she could handle whatever was happening. She didn't know what was going on, what his perception of their relationship might be or what their future might hold, but she didn't want any secrets between them.

Then again, did she really want to start an argument with him? If she only had a small amount of time with Zeke, did she want to spend that time arguing with him? Even if he was gallantly trying to protect her?

Thinking that she needed to know information more than she needed to keep the peace, she squared her shoulders and faced him, trying to put as much confidence and assurance into her tone so he would understand that she was fully capable of handling whatever was on the horizon. "Zeke, what's going on? What aren't you telling me?" she asked.

Zeke looked down at his new wife and felt his chest expand with pride. She was beautiful, intelligent, compassionate and kind. She loved her sister who was trying to protect and heal a stranger. What had these two women dealt with while growing up in the household of Joe Berutelli? He couldn't imagine how such a messed up childhood had created caring, loyal sisters. Zeke never wanted her to have to go through anything like that again.

"Don't worry about it," he said as he caressed her cheek gently. He glanced out of the window and nodded to his thanks to his driver who had maneuvered around the busy Chicago streets in record time. "We're here."

Marissa wanted to pull him back and demand answers. She was thoroughly sick of being told that they were some place and then being dragged out of the limousine without any explanation of where they were or what they were doing, why they were here and, more importantly, what the rush was all about. She knew it was because of her father and the very possible threat of whatever retribution he might pass along because of the morning's events. But since no one was talking to her and explaining, she could only go with her imagination. That was probably scaring her more than the reality could.

Or maybe not. She'd passed by the stranger's room and he'd looked pretty badly beaten with his face mostly purple from his recent pummeling, not to mention all the bandages covering various parts of his body.

She shivered at the horror of what the poor man must have endured.

"What's wrong?" Zeke demanded, obviously having felt the shiver as he pulled her along behind him. They were standing in an elevator going up to the roof for some reason. "Are you okay?" he asked, his thumb tracing the curve of her jaw.

"I'm fine. When are you going to tell me what's going on?"

"Never?" he suggested with a twinkle in his dark eyes.

She pulled back, shaking her head. "Not a good answer," she countered. "Tell me what's happening and maybe I can help."

He looked like he was considering her comment, taking her seriously. But the moment he seemed like he was going to say something to her, the elevator doors opened. "Let's get out of here," he said instead of whatever he was going to tell her.

Marissa hesitated at that moment but he pulled her along behind him anyway. That was when she realized what was waiting for them. When she saw the small helicopter that was already prepped with the pilot standing beside the machine with the door open, she dug her heels in.

"I'm not getting into that machine," she said with a very firm voice. She didn't look up at Zeke, just stood there on the windy roof of the building with her arms crossed, glaring at the helicopter.

Zeke stopped and turned around, looking at her as if he wanted to laugh. Fortunately, he held his humor at bay when he realized that she was genuinely nervous about getting into the machine. "Are you afraid of flying, Marissa?"

She looked up at him, stubbornness showing in every cell of her body. "I'm not afraid of flying in an airplane. But that is not an airplane." He'd tricked her into the marriage thing, there was no way he would trick her into getting into that machine.

Zeke realized that she was genuinely terrified and felt horrible that he had to force her into this situation. "If I promise to get you through this, that you'll be okay and that this is a very short flight, will that help?"

She was already shaking her head. "There's nothing you can do that will get me through that flight. I've never been in a helicopter and there's nothing you can do to get me onto this one."

Zeke smiled, eager to take on the challenge Marissa had just tossed down. "Is that a fact?" he asked softly.

Marissa wanted to back up, but the elevator door had already closed behind her. "Zeke, if this is a short flight, then it's probably a short drive as well and we can get there just as easily in a car." She was starting to wonder just who was more stubborn; her or Zeke. She was terrified that he might win this one. How could he do that though? She didn't think he would toss her over his shoulder and stuff her in there. He was too kind and gentle for that.

Wasn't he?

Zeke brutally suppressed the fear for her safety in order to address her fears as much as possible. But if it came down to protecting her from harm, he would carry her in and strap her down. He kept an eye on his bodyguard who had an earpiece that communicated any threats from the street.

With a patience he didn't know he had, he stood in front of her and spoke calmly. "It's a short flight because we'll be flying over buildings to get to our destination," he explained as he reached out, easily reaching her even when she tried to twist out of his arms. With his strong arms wrapped around her waist, he felt her shivers and his compassion increased. But his need to protect her from the very real threat of her father overrode the comparably less likely threat of the helicopter crashing. He paid this pilot very well and knew him to be an extremely adept pilot so he had no concerns about taking Marissa in the air in this machine.

At a nod from his bodyguard, Zeke knew he'd just run out of time. One of his guards had seen something on the street and he had to get Marissa out of there. He sincerely regretted what he had to do but...

Marissa wasn't sure what he was going to do, but she knew enough to be wary of the fire that instantly started in his eyes. "What are you going to ...?"

She wasn't able to finish the sentence because his mouth covered hers. She resisted for all of two seconds, knowing he was only kissing her to distract her. But as soon as he touched her, she was lost to this kiss. She loved the way his mouth made love to hers, the way his tongue touched her lips, demanding entry and, when she gave in, his whole body entered into the seduction.

She was pulled against him, his arms curling her softness against his hard legs and chest. She wanted him instantly and her whimper of desire, of the lust that surged through her arms, legs and her entire being was something she wasn't sure how to control. She was too inexperienced with this type of passion to fight him. Not that she wanted to, actually. As soon as he'd touched her, she was a willing participant in the kiss.

She was completely unaware of what was happening. She didn't realize that Zeke had lifted her up, was carrying her with her legs wrapped around his waist, nor was she cognizant of him settling into the seat. She didn't see the wary look of the pilot as he closed the door, his concern that the two of them weren't wearing a seatbelt. But he was ordered to take off and fly them as fast as possible to their destination. So he flipped the switches, did his last minute flight check and took off of the roof of the building. The whole time, he focused on his gauges and his flying while Zeke kissed Marissa, touching her in all those places that made her shiver with need, with a desire so intense she was focused only on him and not on the flight.

When they touched down fifteen minutes later, Marissa was aching with the need for Zeke to take this to the next level. So when he pulled back and lifted her back into his arms, she was startled to see that they were at an airport without a tall building or skyscraper in sight. "Where are we?" she asked, trying to gain some control but the trembling was making her aware of the fact that Zeke hadn't finished what he'd started.

They were walking towards a private jet, a very large one and Marissa looked back, seeing the helicopter flying away once again. She couldn't believe that Zeke had gotten her through that terrifying ordeal without her even being aware of what was going on around her. How had he done that? Oh, yeah, the kiss. Yes, the man was an excellent lover. She'd known that last night. But now jealousy surged through her for the second time today because she understood that the man had learned so much about making love by being with other women.

With that realization popping around in her brain, she stopped on the tarmac, furious and emphatic. Enough was enough, she needed answers. "Zeke," she said with an angry face, "I'm not taking another step until you tell me what's going on and why there's such a horrible rush!" She knew that some of her anger was due to her jealousy and some due to fear. But there was also a significant part of her that just wanted him to respect her enough to tell her what was going on.

Zeke looked down into her angry eyes and knew that he couldn't trick her again. There was just something about her demeanor that told him that he wouldn't get away with kissing her a second time. But boy, it had been nice to feel her reaction to him during the helicopter ride.

He tilted his head and took a step closer to her, proud of her when she stood her ground even when he could tell that she was nervous with him so close to her. "First of all, I want to get you onto that plane because we're going to some place safe where your father can't find you for at least a week, maybe longer if I haven't had enough of you by then."

"A week?" she asked, swallowing past the lump of desire that was almost choking her with the same need he'd stoked in the helicopter.

"At least," he confirmed.

"And secondly?"

He considered his words carefully. "I'm not sure there's really a second point I wanted to make. I'm still stuck on the first one."

Her trembling increased as the heat in his eyes ramped up. She had to be firm though. "What's this all about?"

One of his strong, callused hands moved up to touch her cheek. He debated how much to tell her against how much he wanted to protect her against all the bad things she'd had to face in her life so far. "It's about me wanting to protect you. And if you could just deal with this for a little while longer, I would very much appreciate your sacrifice."

"Why?"

He shrugged slightly. "Because this is a novel sensation for me. I've never experienced these new feelings and I'm not sure how to deal with them right now. All I know is that I have a place where I can keep you safe, far away from your father where I can have my wicked way with you."

She bit her lip and looked at his chest. As she tossed his words around in her head, she thought that perhaps she needed to take baby steps with this man. She could tell from the tension in his shoulders that he'd just taken a huge step by confiding that much to her. They'd known each other for such a short time and, if she really was honest about the situation, she knew she wasn't sure how much longer she'd have with him. The wedding ceremony this morning didn't seem real to her. And even if it was legal, which she suspected was actually the case, she wasn't sure why he'd married her, how long they would be together or even what he expected from the quick ceremony.

In the end, she once again decided to go along with the craziness of the moment. She'd rarely been spontaneous in her life, knowing that things needed to be planned out so her father either wouldn't know about her activities, or she could prepare him far enough in advance so he wouldn't restrict her from her plans.

Here she was, about to get onto a plane without her father's knowledge for the first time in her life and she felt liberated, more than a little crazy and just downright exuberant. That feeling, along with Zeke's amazing sensuality and passion, were a powerful influence. She decided right then and there that she was going to ride this sensation until it burned out.

"Will you at least tell me where we're going?" she whispered, raising her face and showing him that she was accepting his plans. At least for the next week, she thought even if she didn't say the words.

The look on his face when he saw her acceptance of his plans was well worth the anxiety she'd feel later once she had to return to reality. He swept her up into his arms, kissing her deeply as he carried her onto the plane. He set her down on one of the soft, leather seats and strapped her seatbelt, making a great show of adjusting the fit when really, he was just caressing her skin, his knuckles "accidentally" rubbing against her breasts causing her to gasp with the touch. Their eyes met, conveyed the promise and the anticipation, and then Zeke took the seat across from her. He lifted the phone. "We're ready," was all he said before he lowered it down again, his eyes never leaving her face as he waited for the plane to take off.

It took less than five minutes before they were airborne and the pilot called Zeke back letting him know that they could move around. Zeke didn't hesitate any longer. He almost slammed the phone down again, then stood up and, in one swift move, unsnapped her seatbelt and pulled her back into his arms. He carried her through a door Marissa hadn't even known existed, setting her down on her feet at the end of a very soft, very comfortable bed.

Zeke didn't give her a chance to survey her surroundings. His mouth covered hers as soon as her feet were touching the floor and he lifted her up against him, showing her how much he wanted her.

This was one decision today that she didn't hesitate to make. She wanted this man. He'd kissed her at their wedding, he'd kissed her on the short helicopter ride and her whole body wanted this like an obsession. After last night, she was starting to get to know his body and she was determined to learn more about him and the things that he liked.

When he lifted her into his arms and laid her onto the bed, she smiled, excited that she would have this man completely to herself for an unknown period of time. At least right now, wherever they were going, her father wouldn't know anything about her activities and that released her passions even more.

Chapter 5

Marissa watched with delight as the wind whipped Zeke's hair across his forehead. It was too short to get in his way but he looked so strong and capable as he steered the sailboat through the waters. They'd landed in San Juan, Puerto Rico three nights ago and had spent the most amazing few days driving around the island, exploring the rain forests, climbing El Yunque and listening to the birds and lizards move about through the trees. Right now, they were almost flying across the water with both sails filled with wind. She had no idea how fast they were going, but it felt very swift. She hadn't felt this carefree in a long time.

Marissa had been able to check in with Sierra every day and Zeke had received reports from the guards on both her status as well as the stranger's recovery. Thankfully, the man was going to be okay but it would be a long, hard fight back to complete health. He would make a full recovery though and was currently in and out of consciousness but he had to remain in the intensive care unit until more of his wounds had healed and he could maintain consciousness for longer periods of time.

With the reassurance that her sister was in good hands, she was free to explore this time with Zeke. They'd dined on fresh fish and the local produce, enjoying the Puerto Rican dishes such as mofongo, a starchy recipe created from mashed plantains but seasoned with various savory toppings. She couldn't believe it when he'd driven them about a half hour's ride out of San Juan, only to pull up outside a line of hole-in-the-wall restaurants and bars that didn't even look like they were permanent fixtures. They were called "kioskos" but they looked like huts or shacks. As soon as she sat down at the restaurant called "La Padilla", she fell in love with the foods. Everything seemed to be fried, but it was amazingly delicious. She had a cheesy dish filled with freshly caught seafood including fish, shrimp, scallops and some other unidentifiable shellfish.

He had the red snapper, but that came with the head and eyes still intact. She was so horrified, she made him eliminate the head before she would let him eat the spicy seafood. And even then, she had to laugh when he continued to steal her own meal. Each time he reached for her food, she would try to stab him with the fork. Unfortunately, her heart wasn't in the threat. And since he'd ordered several appetizer samples, she wasn't very hungry and could only eat half of her cheesy seafood anyway.

At the moment, he was helping her relax by pouring her a delicious, fruity drink. She should have been suspicious when he called it a "painkiller", but she'd taken a careful sip of the frothy drink topped with nutmeg and just enjoyed the cool flavors of orange, mango and coconut. After her third one, she knew that he'd spiked the drink with the excellent Puerto Rican rum that he'd taught her to enjoy over the past few days.

So now she was leaning back against the teak decking of a fabulous sailboat, watching him steer over the shimmering water. Every once in a while he called out an order for her. He just yelled, "Trim the sails, Marissa!" Marissa simply looked over at him and, with complete honesty, asked, "What does one do to trim the sails?"

With a roll of his eyes, he tied up the wheel so the boat wouldn't go too far off course, then he pulled the sails up slightly with one of the many levers on the sailboat, adjusting the tension so that they were catching the wind more effectively. With a great deal of patience, he pointed up to the smaller one he called the "jib" and told her to watch the red pieces of string along the edge of the sail. "When the green ones on the main sail are going in the same direction, yell for me to stop. Okay?"

Marissa shaded her eyes and looked up at the green and red strings. "Okay. I can do that," she assured him, then took another sip of her drink and relaxed even more.

"They're matching," she called back to him, still lounging on the cushions.

She didn't hear anything after that, so she assumed she'd completed her task and closed her eyes to enjoy the heat of the sunshine more completely. That had been her first mistake. Always keep track of Zeke Vaughn she'd learned. When he topped off her drink, she smiled back at him. "Are you trying to get me drunk, Captain?" she asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"I am. Do you have any objections?" he asked, leaning down to bite the sensitive spot on the back of her neck.

She sighed with happiness, considering his question. "I don't think so. But could you tell me your plans before I fully commit to them?"

As he walked back to the wheel and untied it once again, he looked at her through his dark sunglasses. She might not be able to see his eyes, but she could feel the heat of his gaze and it was hotter than the sun on her slightly tanned skin. "I intent to sail us to a private area I discovered a long time ago, banish your bathing suit and jump into the ocean with you naked. How's that for an afternoon?"

She took another sip while her toes curled with anticipation at the possibilities. "I believe I'm prepared for that sequence of events."

She heard his chuckle even though the wind took the sound away. "You're a very sexy woman, Mrs. Vaughn," he called out to her.

She shook her head. "I never took your last name, Mr. Vaughn."

"You will," he countered with complete confidence.

In response, she took a long, refreshing sip of her rum-spiked beverage, not bothering to contradict him. Why bother when their wedding hadn't been real? She suspected that he was keeping her here on this beautiful island to protect her until whatever was happening back in Chicago simmered down. She was in complete agreement with that solution, reveling in it actually. She didn't want to think about returning to her real life because it wasn't as relaxing or as exhilarating as these days had been.

Leaning back against the striped cushions, she closed her eyes and enjoyed the relaxation of the sun and the rum, both of which were working their magic.

When she felt his hands on her, she slowly opened her eyes and smiled. He'd anchored off the shore of a small cove and was looking down at her with his intent clear. She felt her body instantly respond to that look that she'd come to know extremely well over the past several days.

"Is this your secret place?" she asked, her arms reaching up to wrap around his neck. She felt his fingers deftly removing her bathing suit and thought it odd. The man usually took great pains to arouse her while undressing her. A talent she actually loved in him.

When her bathing suit was tossed to the side, instead of coming down beside her, he stood up and tossed his own swimming trunks off and on top of the string bikini he'd bought her the first day. Since it had taken him quite a long time to convince her to wear the bathing suit outside of their hotel suite, she was surprised he was treating it so casually.

And even more surprised when he reached down to pull her up instead of coming down to join her on the very comfortable cushions. "What's going on?" she asked, more than willing to go along with him in whatever idea he suggested. The man definitely had a creative mind when it came to making love. Not that he wasn't very good at the basics too!

"We're going swimming," he said as if that were the most obvious thing in the world.

"Swimming?" she asked, blinking as she looked out around the boat. "Without a bathing suit?" Okay, so this is exactly what he'd told her they would be doing. She just needed to catch up a bit faster, she thought with a smile.

He laughed softly but pulled her over to the side of the sailboat. "Of course. Do you think the fish care if you have those tiny scraps of material over you? I promise, none will even blink."

She had to laugh right along with him, but in all honesty, she had no idea if fish actually had eyelids to blink.

She knew she was in trouble when he stopped on the edge of the decking and wrapped his arms around her waist. With both excitement and trepidation, she pressed herself against him, wrapping her own arms around his broad, muscular shoulders and took a deep breath. In the next moment, she came up sputtering, laughing at how he'd just plunged both of them into the water. "I knew you'd do that," she said and pushed her hair out of her eyes.

He grabbed her once again, pulling her over him so she floated on top of his length while he swam backwards. The friction of his body and the water against her skin caused her to gasp. It wasn't the touch that got to her so thoroughly. It was more the lack of a touch. Or the swift, barely there touch. With her eyes wide open, she tried to deal with the instant, intense need that rocked her body. But she knew that he could tell what was happening within her. And the beast only increased the friction, spinning her around so that more of her skin was in contact with his while his hands were free to caress her breasts, her waist, her back.

He was a strong swimmer, but even he was affected by their activities. And after only a few minutes, he growled and pulled her closer, kissing her as he swam right back to the boat. He lifted her up out of the water and set her down on the teak platform at the end of the sailboat. "Move woman," he growled when she just sat there wiggling in anticipation. "I need to be inside of you now."

Since Marissa was having just as much trouble waiting, she didn't hesitate any longer. Pulling herself up, she walked quickly to the middle of the boat but then stopped. She didn't know where he wanted her to go. And at this point, she didn't care. Walking right back to him as he emerged over the back of the ship, muscles bulging as he pulled himself up out of the water and making her mouth dry up with need, she raced right back to him, throwing herself into his arms.

He easily caught her, wrapping a strong arm around her tiny waist, the other hand pulling her leg up so it was wrapped around his own waist. Shifting only slightly, she felt him probe at her opening and wanted to press down onto him. But he growled once again before grabbing something out of the bag he'd brought along. He laid her down on one of the benches, then sheathed himself with the condom before coming right back to her.

Marissa was only slightly embarrassed that he was taking charge of the birth control on this adventure. But right now, she didn't care. She needed him desperately. And when he swooped in and pressed himself into her softness, she arched against him, taking him deeper and deeper until she was filled with his incredible heat. It always took a bit of adjustment when he first entered her but she was quickly learning how to shift her hips to take all of him.

As he moved, shifting his weight ever so slightly each time, he took her higher and higher. When Marissa desperately wanted to fall over the edge, he suddenly stopped. She opened her eyes and looked up at him, frantic to find that release that he was now denying her.

"You're mine, Marissa. Say it," he commanded, his muscular chest heaving with the effort of keeping still.

"I'm yours," she almost screamed, trying to shift slightly so she could find her release. But he was too strong and he knew her body too well by now. He wouldn't let her have that final climax until he was good and ready. It was frustrating, but it also felt so incredibly wonderful to be with a man who knew her and cared about making her soar with happiness. And with his next move, he did exactly that, sending her spiraling over the cliff into blissful pleasure that surged through her over and over, wave after wave. She cried out so loudly that she was sure the other boat on the next island could hear her.

And when it was all over, she curled her arms around him, nuzzling his neck and kissing his shoulder while they both floated slowly back to earth. In that moment, she accepted that she loved this man. He was tender and caring, sweet and fun. He made her laugh and drove her crazy, but she couldn't seem to get enough of him.

There was a small moment of sadness when she realized that she couldn't have this kind of happiness forever. As soon as they returned to the mainland, she knew he would go on with his life and she'd have to figure out how to go on with hers.

She'd already determined to move out of her father's home. She wasn't sure how she was going to accomplish that, but she'd make it happen. She didn't want to know what was going on with his life. She didn't want him to have any control of hers either. She didn't want to hide her business, or adhere to his rules or even live off of his money a moment longer. She wanted to be free of the shame of being his daughter.

Zeke had given her this sense of freedom, this confidence that she could separate, finally, from the man who had controlled her for too long. And she would always love him for that. And for many other reasons. He had given her so much and she wished she could figure out how to repay him.

Chapter 6

Zeke came into the bedroom while Marissa was standing in front of the closet, trying to decide what to wear for the day while holding a towel around her. She'd just showered but the process of making a decision was difficult. First of all, she didn't want to get dressed. She wanted to lure Zeke back to bed and make love to him for the rest of the day. She loved exploring his body and learning more about him. After making love, he would hold her in his arms and they would talk about anything and everything. And after every conversation, she fell more in love with him. She'd discovered that he had a wicked sense of humor and could make her laugh at simply a well-placed, dry comment.

But also, she wasn't sure what they were doing today so she couldn't figure out what would be appropriate to wear. He'd taken her to so many places, including a tour of the most amazing telescope. She hadn't even known that the Arecibo Telescope existed. When he'd told her two days ago that they would be touring a telescope, she'd almost rolled her eyes. The idea of visiting something like that hadn't appealed to her. Until she'd arrived and Zeke walked her through the place. Before seeing the actual telescope, they walked through all the exhibits that explained the technology behind the telescope as well as what it could actually do. She'd loved it when Zeke showed her, in sometimes painful detail, all the different technology. But she found it fascinating to just look up into his handsome features while he explained the science to her, watched his long fingers as he worked the gadgets or just wrapped his arms around her from behind while they stared in awe at the massive sphere that captured the tiny sounds coming from space.

She'd thought it was cute that he was so interested in science, sort of as if he thought of space technology as a hobby. But she'd been very wrong about her impressions. He wasn't interested in just science. His mind captured everything. He'd been to Puerto Rico so many times on business that he knew the island well and he showed her all of his favorite places. The hike up to El Britton, the highest lookout point in the National Forest known as El Yunque, was much more fun than she'd ever had on a hike only because Zeke talked to her about the various plants, pointed out the different orchids and other epiphytes or strange, rain forest points. Their hike to the different waterfalls became an adventure, both scientific as he showed her the different ways the land had evolved and then sexual when he'd pulled her under the waterfall and made love to her with the cold water rushing down around them.

What was just as fascinating was to listen to how he used each of his interests in his business. After their tour of Arecibo, she'd heard him on the phone talking with one of his business acquaintances about the idea of using the technology he'd seen in the museum in other areas of his business. After sailing, he contacted another business associate about testing wind energy in some of the factories. Anywhere they went, Zeke's mind would apply the adventure to business. As she listened to him one night, she accepted that the man was truly a genius. He was the complete package.

When Zeke walked into the bedroom, breaking through her contemplation of clothes, her heart sank when she instantly recognized the grim expression on his face. "What's wrong?" she asked, turning to face him as well as accept his embrace.

Zeke put his arms around Marissa, looking into her fresh, alive face with resignation. "I just got a call. We need to head back to Chicago."

She tensed but tried to hide it from him. She'd kept him away from his business long enough and felt selfish for being so needy. "Why? Is everything okay?" she asked, the relaxation she'd been feeling only moments ago vanishing and she ran a hand up his muscular arm.

"Yes. But there are some business deals that aren't moving the way I want them to. One of my vice presidents messed up on a negotiation."

She tried not to frown, but she couldn't completely hide her disappointment. "This has been extremely nice. Thank you for taking me here and showing me around."

He bent lower, his mouth kissing her neck. "There's a whole lot more I want to show you," he replied, his voice husky and lower than normal.

She smiled, still feeling sad but ready to give him up once they were back in Chicago. "I look forward to whatever you have the time to show me."

He chuckled. "Wait until I get you home."

She didn't want to think about that so she said, "Can you tell me about the negotiations?"

He shifted slightly and Marissa thought she saw a flash of something in his eyes that might be important. But knowing the man for a little over two weeks didn't make her an expert at what he might be thinking. She'd have to watch him carefully, learn to...No, she wouldn't have time to get to know him much better.

With a sigh, she stepped out of his arms and took out the clothes she'd worn down here. The butler's service in the hotel had arranged for the clothes to be cleaned at some point over their stay. "I guess this couldn't last forever," she said as she stepped out of the closet.

Zeke was already on the phone again but winked at her as he sat down in one of the chairs by the window while he spoke on the phone.

On the flight home, Zeke took several more phone calls, all of which sounded very complicated while he discussed the details of the acquisition that had gone awry. She listened to him while she flipped through a magazine, amazed once again at the details he was able to maintain in his head. He could even quote people's words back to them during the conversation when they started to change their point of view and he had to contradict them.

The flight was much faster than she was expecting and before she was ready, the plane was taxiing to a stop. Marissa fought to keep her tears hidden as she gathered up her purse, prepared to figure out her new life. She wasn't going back to her father's house, although she suspected she should be prepared for a confrontation with him.

She stepped down the stairs that had been pushed up against the plane. At her back, she could both hear Zeke behind her as well as feel the heat of him. As soon as her feet hit the hard cement, she felt his hand on her back, leading her towards a waiting limousine. They stopped in front of the man he'd called Dave before they'd left for Puerto Rico. "Everything okay?" Zeke asked.

Dave nodded his head. "We've had the discussion and there's no noise about any retribution now. We've assured him that Ms. Vaughn is well protected."

Marissa looked at the man who apparently had amazing resources. He wasn't tall, had sandy brown hair and wore a tan jacket. His eyes were hazel, his face good looking but not handsome, his face freshly shaven. In other words, he was a very average looking man.

She suspected that image was a carefully constructed lie. The way he moved and the intensity of his gaze as he spoke to Zeke told her that he was much more physically powerful than one might think after only a casual glance. And his eyes might be bland, but if one bothered to look, they were sharp and caught everything with barely a shift in one direction or another.

In other words, he wasn't a man to mess with. A very comforting thought as she headed back to her old life. If she needed him, Marissa was pretty sure that this Dave fellow would be able to help her out with any problems stemming from her father's wrath.

Zeke accepted this information without any expression on his face. "Did he accept the message?"

Dave hesitated for only a moment before he said, "It took some convincing, but we'll continue to monitor the noise and will take steps if anything comes up."

Zeke nodded, dismissing Dave who walked in the opposite direction. Marissa looked around and noticed that there were several large men who were looking out into the perimeter. Her heart clenched with the normal anxiety she felt anytime she suspected her father was doing something harmful.

"Zeke, you need to tell me what's going on," she urged, her hand touching his arm lightly, trying to connect with him both verbally and physically so he would understand how worried she was becoming by all the extra security.

Zeke pulled her closer. "Nothing you need to worry about."

She waited only until they were in the back of a limousine before she turned to face him, putting several inches of space between them. "Zeke, this isn't good. Every time I bring up the subject of the extra security, you basically pat my head and tell me not to worry my pretty, little brain about it. You've even said those words once and I have to tell you that I find them very offensive." She waited just a moment to emphasize her message before continuing. "I want to understand what's happening. If there's a threat against me, or if I've put you in danger by being close to you, then I need to know. You're not responsible for me. And if I'm going to continue with my life, I need to be aware of the dangers I'm facing."

He didn't like the way she'd phrased that at all. "What do you mean, 'continue with my life'?" he demanded, his eyebrows pulling down low over his black eyes. "That sounds like you're going off and doing something completely on your own."

She shrugged, not sure what he was telling her. "Well, eventually, I'll have to deal with this myself. You have your own life to live, Zeke."

He pulled her closer, almost roughly dragging her onto his lap. "You're my wife, Marissa! You're not doing anything on your own!"

Marissa wasn't sure how to deal with his statement. "We aren't really married, Zeke."

She could actually feel the anger increase in his body but he didn't do anything to hurt her even though his hands were still wrapped around her upper arms. "What the hell does that mean? I was there, Marissa! So were you. And I can guarantee that we were married and you're my wife!"

Her mouth fell open with that adamant statement. "Yes, I know the ceremony was legal and all that, but you didn't actually..." she stared at his face, almost cringing as his eyebrows went from low over his eyes to angrily higher as he waited for her to finish. "Well, I mean, you didn't really mean to marry me, did you?" Despite her anxiousness, there was still a small ray of hope, a small prayer that he might feel a tiny amount of the emotions that coursed through her whenever she thought about him.

"I damn well did mean to marry you! What were your intentions?"

She sighed and placed a calming hand on his chest. "Zeke, I didn't have any intentions. If you'll remember correctly, I was pulled out of my bedroom and practically dragged to the courthouse. You didn't even mention the ceremony until we were standing in front of your friend who just happened to be a judge."

"And?"

She was really confused now. "And," she emphasized with a large dose of patience, "I know you were marrying me to be kind. To help protect me from whatever was going on with my father." She looked at him meaningfully before she said, "And you still haven't told me anything that was going on before you took me to Puerto Rico, by the way."

He shifted slightly and their new positions seemed vaguely more menacing. "You mean, when I took you on our honeymoon?"

She was startled and looked up at him, pulling back as far as his hands would allow so she could see into his angry eyes. "That trip was supposed to be a honeymoon?" she asked in almost a whisper.

Zeke couldn't believe what he was hearing. He had to remind himself that he'd had to kiss her just to get her to agree to her vows. But the past week should have shown her that he was completely serious about their wedding. "What the hell did you think it was?" he demanded.

She tried to shrug, but he was holding her upper arms and she couldn't really move. "Zeke, you haven't told me anything that was going on since I showed up in your office," she said, blushing at the memory of how inept she'd been that morning. "So no, I don't know what you're thinking and since you haven't told me anything, I can't read your mind. So I'm asking yet again, would you please talk to me? Tell me what's going on and what was happening before we left."

Zeke sighed and shook his head. "All you need to know is that you're safe now and I'll continue to keep you safe."

She shook her head, trying to soothe him with a gentle touch. With a softer voice she said, "No, Zeke. All I need to know is what you know. I won't allow you to keep me in the dark. If there's something that impacts me, then I want to know the truth. Not some prettily varnished version of the problems I'm facing. But everything you know."

Zeke had to fight against all of his protective instincts even though her words made sense. He didn't want her to hear what a bastard her father was. He didn't want her to have even the slightest concept of how harsh the world could be. "You're my wife and I protect what's mine."

Her shoulders slumped in defeat. "I don't really feel like your wife. I don't know why you want to even be married to me."

The limousine pulled up outside of his headquarters building and Zeke looked out the darkened windows with frustration. "Look, I need to head into a meeting. Can we discuss this tonight?" he asked.

Marissa nodded her head, wondering how she was going to get through the afternoon with all of her worry sparking around inside her head. "Yes. That's fine," she replied softly, moving off of his lap to the other seat. "I'll see you tonight," she said with resignation. She looked out the opposite window, feeling like she'd just lost a major battle in a war she hadn't realized had been declared.

"Marissa," Zeke started to say, but his driver opened the door for him and he ran a frustrated hand through his hair. "We'll talk tonight. I promise." With that, he slid out of the car and strode angrily into the building. Marissa watched him, fascinated by how strong he looked, how his muscular legs ate up the distance between the curb and the entrance where he disappeared.

When the driver stepped back into his seat and pulled away from the curb, Marissa bit her lower lip, trying to figure out what she was going to do with her life now. She was so completely in love with Zeke but she hadn't a clue what he might feel for her. She wanted desperately to throw herself into his arms and beg him to love her, but he was too strong and women probably threw themselves at him all the time. He was so wonderful, so handsome and amazingly intelligent. That all combined with the most amazing lovemaking skills and she wasn't embarrassed to have fallen in love with the man in such a short period of time. Who wouldn't, under those circumstances?

She called her sister and checked in with her, hearing Sierra's voice turning happy once again because her stranger was recovering quickly. Even the nurses were impressed with the man's ability to heal. They chatted for several minutes, Sierra telling her about the man's recovery progress and Marissa talking about their trip to Puerto Rico. She wished she could talk to her sister about the turmoil of her relationship with Zeke, but Sierra had enough on her mind at the moment. She didn't need to hear about her older, and supposedly wiser, sister's romantic problems.

Zeke's driver pulled up outside Zeke's home building and Marissa wearily stepped out onto the pavement. She wasn't sure what she was doing here, feeling like a fraud because she didn't feel married to Zeke. She didn't even feel like a significant girlfriend. Should she really be here? Shouldn't she be trying to figure out where to live?

She walked inside, not sure if she had an alternative at the moment. When she stepped into his penthouse, the first thing she noticed was her laptop and monitor, plus all of her other hardware, was set up by the window of his massive great room. She looked around, not sure how her equipment had come to be here, but she was thrilled to sit down at the very comfortable desk and chair that he'd arranged for her to use and sift through her e-mail. By late afternoon, she'd gone through all of her messages, responded to anything urgent, put the finishing touches on several of her current projects and even printed out apartment listings that she wanted to visit the next day. She'd worked up a budget, estimating some of her expenses and her business income history to show to the rental agents. She didn't want anything standing in her way of moving on with her life.

As she worked, thoughts filtered through her mind. She wasn't sure what the future would hold, but she knew that she couldn't go back to her old life.

Should she stay here with Zeke until he grew tired of her? Or should she move on, coming back to him when they both had the time? Isn't that was lovers did? Would he be satisfied with that kind of a relationship? Would she?

It was so complicated since she wasn't sure where he stood on the issue of their relationship. He might claim that they were married, but she didn't feel married. And this wedding ceremony just really boggled her mind with the implications. Surely it had just been a means to an end and he didn't meant to have a real marriage with her. That was crazy since they'd known each other for such a short period of time.

By the time Zeke walked into his penthouse later that evening, she still wasn't sure what she was going to do. The expression on his face when he saw her warmed her heart though. Sliding the rental properties under some other files, she stood up, eager to greet him and finish the discussion they'd started earlier this morning.

Zeke walked through the doors, eager to check on Marissa, wanting to know that she was still safe. Or at least that's what he told himself until he spotted her by the window, her beautiful features lighting up when she saw him walking towards her. At that moment, he tossed out all the other excuses he'd been building up in his mind. He just wanted to see her, he accepted. He'd acknowledged that he'd fallen head over heels for her that very first afternoon he'd seen her in the lingerie shop, as outlandish as it seems. No one falls in love with someone at first sight, but here he was. Every time he saw her, there was something more about her that fascinated him, something more he wanted to learn. He couldn't get enough of her and the more he was around her, the more intense his feelings grew. And even not being around her, he found himself thinking about her all day, wondering if she was safe, hoping she'd like the office setup he'd told his housekeeper to create, thinking of other things he could do to help her business or make her smile. He'd thought about stopping to get some flowers, wanting to show her exactly how much he liked having her in his home and being there when he arrived, but in the end, he didn't want to take the time to stop and get the flowers. He just wanted to hold her, feel her in his arms once again.

And here she was, smiling up at him while his hands reached out to pull her closer.

"Hello, gorgeous," he said before he bent to gently kiss her soft, pink lips. "Did you have a nice day, dear?"

Marissa laughed, just as he'd intended. "It was wonderful. I love the office setup, but how did you get all my equipment out of my father's house?"

Zeke smiled. "Dave went over and asked for all of it, explaining the situation."

She knew that wasn't all of it, but the idea of someone going over to her father's house made her nervous. "And what happened?"

Zeke hesitated and Marissa knew that he was going to try and distract her once again. She pulled out of his arms, moving to stand behind one of the overstuffed chairs. "Zeke, you can't keep things like that from me. I don't really understand what you want from this relationship..."

"Stop right there!" he snapped, whipping his tie off from around his neck and leaning against the chair. "That's the second time you've alluded to the fact that we're not genuinely married and I want to get that idea out of your mind. We're married. You're my wife. We're going to stay married."

Her whole body heated with delight at his words, but until he said the right ones, she wouldn't feel completely sure of him. And she couldn't ask, afraid he might tell her what she wanted to hear just to appease her. He was a sweet, kind gentleman and she didn't want to force anything from him that he didn't feel. He'd been too generous already, she didn't want to take that away from him. "I appreciate that. And it sounds...wonderful," she finally said, afraid to reveal too much about how she was feeling. "But in the end, how are we going to make a marriage work if you're not willing to be honest with me?"

He pushed away from the chair, hands on his hips. "What the hell do you mean by that? I've been honest with you and I'll always be honest with you."

"No, you've been keeping things from me. There's something going on with my father. You think you're protecting me, but the lack of whatever information you're hiding from me is terrifying me." She waited to see his reaction before continuing. "I know my father. I don't know the details, but I know what he's capable of. He's a horrible, brutal man and I wish there was some way I could put him in prison for the rest of his life. But he doesn't trust anyone. Not his family, not his lieutenants, no one. That's the one way he's stayed out of prison for so many years, doing what he does."

Once again, Zeke ran his fingers through his hair, feeling trapped. He knew she was right, but every instinct in his body told him to protect her from what her father had said. He didn't want to hurt her and anyone who had to hear that their father wanted to kill her if she didn't comply with his commands would feel betrayed.

He turned back to her. "Will you promise to talk to me about what you're thinking?" he asked, walking around the chair, approaching her with a stern look on his features.

She backed up slightly, not wanting to muddy the conversation with the passion that seemed to take over whenever he touched her. "Zeke, stop right there and finish this conversation," she commanded.

He chuckled, relieved that he could still do this to her. Every time he touched her, they both seemed to ignite. "Why would I do that? I don't want to talk about this. I want to make love to you until we both can't speak any longer." He started to reach for her, his intent clear in his eyes.

She twisted around, deftly able to avoid his hands but laughing herself at his look that somehow just struck her as funny. "Zeke, this issue is not going away. So let's just have this out and tell me what you're keeping from me."

He raised an eyebrow, continuing to follow her but he let her get slightly farther away this time. He knew he could easily catch her whenever he wanted to. He'd never let her get too far from him, either physically or figuratively. "Marissa, we're going to make love, so let's just get that out of the way and we can talk later."

She couldn't help but laugh again at his logic. "Zeke, stop doing this. Sit down in that chair and tell me what you know."

Zeke halted and looked down at the chair, examining it from various angles. When he sat down, actually following her command, she was so surprised that she took the seat across from him. "Thank you," she said with a sigh, smothering her amusement when his eyebrow went up higher.

"Okay, so now that we're talking like two normal people," she said and pushed her hair out of her eyes, "would you please tell me what is going on? What was the rush before Puerto Rico and why the rush to get married?"

Zeke leaned back in his chair, one finger rubbing his lips as he looked across at her. But his eyes weren't watching her face. They looked down at her breasts covered in the silk shirt she'd worn that day. When he noticed her nipples tighten so he could see them through the thin, delicate fabric, he smiled slightly and looked at her eyes. "Your father's an ass, Marissa."

She was having trouble breathing after that visual caress. He definitely knew what he was doing. He was trying to distract her but she wouldn't let it work. She focused on his words, pushing the image of what he had on his mind out of her imagination. Taking a deep breath, she said, "I know that. Tell me what he threatened."

Zeke paused and noted the determined expression in her eyes. He thought about taking her hand and showing her exactly what he could do in this chair. But in the end, he knew she would persist until she had the whole story. Accepting that he had to tell her everything, he sighed and leaned forward, his hands clasping in front of him while his elbows rested on his knees. As carefully as possible, he said, "Dave heard through the grapevine that, if you didn't get pregnant by me, he'd send someone to do the job for me. Someone who was more able to accomplish the mission."

All the blood drained from her features and the sexual tension that had been building since Zeke had walked into the penthouse vanished. "He was going to get someone to rape me?" She shivered and wanted to hide in shame. But instead, she stood up and walked over to Zeke, sitting down in his lap without asking. When his arms tightened around her body, cradling her with his strength, she immediately felt better. "What a bastard," she whispered but she wasn't sure if he heard her since she'd buried her nose against his neck, needing to smell his wonderful, masculine scent. "What did you do to get him to back off?"

"Dave explained firmly that I was working diligently on the project and it would be detrimental for his business survival to interfere." Again, he hesitated, wondering how much to tell her. But he wanted it all out there for her to understand and maybe it would make her feel safer. "Marissa, I'm a very powerful man. I'm not the police, but there are many ways I can manipulate outcomes, legally, that the police can't do. I pointed out several problems that could crop up if he were to interfere with either you or Sierra again."

Marissa froze and pulled back. "What do you mean?"

He shook his head. "Marissa, this is where you need to trust me. You're looking at me as if I might fall into your father's disgusting plans but there's absolutely no chance that your father will have any contact with any of our children." When he felt her relax against him, he started to feel better. But it wasn't enough. He wanted to know that she trusted him completely and without the hesitation that would require him to explain himself. "Why didn't you trust me?"

She relaxed back against him, knowing she was probably too heavy to stay like this for long. But it felt perfect with his arms around her and his body almost protectively holding her. "Because I don't trust men at all. You're the exception so far."

"So far?"

She shrugged slightly. "Zeke, I don't understand what you want from this relationship. It's hard to trust a man that's as confusing as you are."

"What's confusing about me? I love you. I want you to bear my children and grow old with me and never speak to your father again. I want to protect you with every fiber of my being and make sure that you're deliriously happy every moment from now on."

She listened to his words, surprised at how delicious they sounded to her tentative heart. "You love me?" she asked softly, almost reverently. "How? How can you love me after so little time together?"

Zeke squeezed her slightly. "Marissa, I think I fell in love with you when you picked up the rose colored bra."

She shook her head, not letting him get away with such a trivial explanation. "That's just lust."

He threw back his head and laughed. "You think so? Do you know how many women would have immediately picked up the black lace after I suggested it? You ignored me. It was love at first sight."

She sat up and looked down at him. "You're kidding me," she laughed, rolling her eyes.

"No joke. And every moment since then I've been more fascinated by everything you do."

"I don't really do anything," she replied, wary of this declaration from him. The words were too sweet, too wonderful.

"You protect your sister, you started your own business and hid it right under your father's nose. There aren't many people who have the courage to stand up to your father, but you do it every moment of your life. You challenge my beliefs, argue with me every step of any conversation, sometimes just to annoy me."

She laughed softly. "You like it when I annoy you?"

"I love it when you show me you have your own opinions and a spine."

"That's just respect. That isn't love," she countered, afraid of believing him.

He looked down at her blouse once again. "I want to rip your clothes off of you just about any time you're in the room. That's not respect."

"Now we're back to simple lust."

"It's powerful lust," he argued firmly, pulling her close and gently nibbling at her neck where he knew she liked, even though she wiggled, trying to get away from him. "And I want to protect you with every resource I have."

She smiled, her hands gripping his shoulders while she tried to control her breathing. It was difficult with his mouth moving down to her collar bone. "You're a very kind man."

He shook his head. "Marissa, if anyone in any of my companies heard that, they would laugh you out of the building. I'm not kind. I'm demanding," he said as he shifted her in the chair to better prove his point. She was now in a better position for him to remove her clothing. "Now would you please tell me that you love me so we can get on to better activities for the evening?" he asked a moment before his large, callused hands slipped underneath her silk blouse.

She pulled back, shock replacing the desire clouding her thinking. "Why do you think I love you?" she demanded, her hands grabbing his wrists. Her grip had no impact on slowing down his hands though.

He pulled her forward, his mouth nibbling on her shoulder. "Because you do, first of all. You never would have had sex with me if you hadn't been in love with me. And you've been worried that your father was after me all this time instead of worrying about yourself." He lifted his head and looked down at her. "I'm right, aren't I?" he grinned at her outraged expression.

Marissa wasn't sure how to answer him. She didn't want to give him all the power in the relationship, but this feeling of love was practically bursting out of her. She wanted him so badly and not just sexually. "Yes, but that's a bit irrelevant," she told him, trying to pull back. But the expression on her face told him otherwise.

"I don't think it's irrelevant," he countered. "I think it makes all the other problems workable." He bit her earlobe then. "And if you don't tell me you love me pretty soon, I'm going to do something quite drastic."

"What might a drastic action be?" she asked breathily, gasping when his fingers slipped higher, his thumbs rubbing against her pebbled nipples.

He lifted her higher, his hand ripping the silk off of her body, revealing her lace covered breasts to his heated gaze. "This might happen," he said and covered her nipple with his hot, demanding mouth, sucking hard while his hands held her exactly where he wanted her so she couldn't wiggle away.

She cried out, trying desperately to control what he was making her feel but it was too intense, too amazing. In the end, she didn't have to control anything though. He took her higher and higher and when he finally gave in to her pleading, she screamed out her feelings for him as he loved her so thoroughly she couldn't deny him anything. Even after they came down from that incredible climax, she still whispered how much she loved him, her fingers running through the light layer of rough hair on his magnificent chest.

"I do love you, you know," she sighed happily later that night as she lay next to him in bed.

He squeezed her gently. "I know. I love you too."

"But you have to tell me what's going on. I appreciate you trying to protect me. Unfortunately, I've been living with this for my whole life. I can handle it."

He looked down at her with all the love and respect he was feeling for this woman who had stormed into his life and sighed. "I think you're more than capable of handling anything that is thrown at you." His hand moved up her naked back and she loved the touch, wiggling against him.

"If I can handle you, I can handle just about anything," she said, her fingers sliding south with a secret smile on her face.

Epilogue

"Make her stay, Momma," five year old Duncan said, hiding his teary face in Marissa's jeans clad leg.

Zeke came up behind her, lifting him into his arms and holding him close. "Your Aunt Sierra will come back very soon," he assured his young son. "But she has a job in Denver and she has to head back home." He put an arm around Marissa's waist as well, pulling her close to comfort his very lush, very pregnant wife. "Are you going to be okay?" he asked her carefully, seeing the tears in her eyes as well.

Marissa smiled brightly up at her son who looked so much like her husband that it scared her at times and made her chuckle other times. "I'm okay. Just sad," she said as she put her hand over his, telling him without words how much his touch and his support meant to her. "I worry about her."

Zeke kissed the top of her head. "She's okay. I promise."

Duncan grinned through his tears. "Daddy calls Dave to check on her sometimes."

Marissa stiffened and turned to look up at her husband. "Zeke? Do you have something you've forgotten to tell me?" she asked.

Zeke almost groaned out loud at having been caught. "Now Marissa..." he started to say but she shook her head.

"Zeke Raphael Vaughn, tell me what you've been doing," she demanded, pulling out of his arms.

Zeke pulled Duncan closer, ignoring the little man's giggle at his mother's stern expression. Zeke tried hard not to laugh either but he really loved it when she took that tone of voice with him. He thought she was the sexiest woman alive during normal times. And her pregnancy only made him think she was a goddess. But when she spoke to him like that, he wanted to pick her up in his arms and carry her to their bedroom to make love to her until she was gasping with his name. He loved it when she tried to be stern with him. Even pregnant, she couldn't outweigh him, but she just looked so sweet.

Strong men trembled when he lowered his voice, but nothing terrified his wife. Especially not her husband when he'd been doing something she disagreed with.

"You know I love it when you talk to me like that," he said, reminding her that he would take on her challenge whenever she tossed it out to him, like she was doing now.

"Stop stalling, Zeke. Tell me what you've done!"

He shifted his giggling son in his arms. "I haven't done anything but make sure that Sierra is protected."

"All the time?" Marissa asked, horrified at the idea. Being protected in Zeke's mind might be an invasion of her sister's privacy and that was a treasured commodity.

Zeke lifted his free hand as if in surrender. He wondered if she'd get angrier if he told her how beautiful she was when she was acting all stern and mean like right now. "No. Only occasionally. And she's doing extremely well for herself."

Marissa threw up her arms in exasperation. "I know that! I knew she'd be okay the moment she stepped out of our father's house and went off to college on her own."

Zeke took a step forward, only stopping when Marissa put a finger to the middle of his chest. As if that could stop him if he wanted to hold her! He laughed softly and shook his head. "Listen here, woman. I love you and you come with a great sister who is our son's favorite aunt. If I want to send someone in to look out for her occasionally, I'm going to do it."

"Yeah!" Duncan piped up, his adorable face scrunched up with his eyebrows drawn down over his grey eyes, just like his father did occasionally.

Marissa refused to laugh because it would only encourage both of them. Even though they looked so similar that it sometimes made her heart ache with love for both of them.

Her hand absently rested on her unborn daughter. "Zeke, don't you dare teach Duncan to be like you."

Of course, Duncan laughed and hugged his father tightly.

Zeke threw back his head and laughed as well, delighted with his wife as always. Putting an arm around his wife's non-existent waist, he led her back up the stone steps to their home. "Honey, would you really have it any other way?"

She thought about that for a moment before sighing with resignation. Laying her head on his broad, muscular shoulder she said, "No. I guess not."

Zeke loved this about her. Besides being gorgeous and sexier than any woman had a right to be, she was also honest and loving, with a gentle heart that continued to astound him. She was also an amazing business woman. Now that her father was out of the picture, she'd been able to expand her web design business and had an entire office filled with designers working on assignments from all over the world. And she was all his.

"How about if we agree that you'll take care of our daughter and I'll make sure everyone is safe?"

She snickered at his obvious attempt to gain permission to sneak around. "Not going to happen big guy. You have some explaining to do." She peered up at him through her long lashes. With a grin she said, "And we're going to have a very serious discussion about all of this as soon as Duncan's nanny takes him for his afternoon nap."

Duncan stiffened in his father's arms, suddenly worried. "Are you in trouble, Daddy?" he asked, putting his chubby arm protectively around his strong father's neck.

Zeke looked down into Marissa's eyes, understanding her silent message. With a grin, he said, "Oh, I certainly hope so."

Duncan relaxed when he heard his mother's laughter. Even though his Aunt Sierra had left to head back home this morning, he suddenly felt that all was once again well with his world.

