Prologue - One Year Earlier

Jessica Mallory stared at the man, stunned by what he'd just told her. "Please, tell me you're kidding." She wiped the tears from her eyes so she could focus more clearly on the tall, thin man sitting behind her father's desk.

The man straightened his yellow tie nervously. "I'm afraid it is no joke, Ms. Mallory."

She let out the air in her lungs and slumped back against the chair in stunned horror. "Fine. Just sell it all off. His assets don't mean much to me anyway. Let someone else run the factories."

Her father's irritating lawyer again shook his head. "I'm sorry, but that's not allowed."

Jessica couldn't believe what she was hearing. It had been a horrible week that started with her parents dying in a car accident. There had been so many details to figure out and all she wanted to do was curl into a ball and cry out her grief. But every time she resolved one issue, someone came to her with yet another. Their death had occurred on Monday. The exhausting funeral had been Thursday morning and today, Friday, she was sitting with her father's lawyer discussing her parents' will and trying to figure out why her father had done something so insane.

"What century did my father live in?" she whispered, shaking her head as she tried to absorb the terms of her father's wishes.

The man blinked. "Excuse me?"

Jessica looked up, not realizing that she'd spoken out loud. "I was just wondering what century my father lived in," she said more clearly. "This will would be more appropriate for someone who lived in the eighteenth century. The terms of this will are so outrageous. It's like the plot to a really cheap novel!"

The man smiled briefly because he agreed with the exquisite women. But he was only the messenger and it wasn't his job to offer his opinion. The will had been drawn up by one of his colleagues six years earlier. "I agree that the terms are....unusual," he stated as he looked down at the document, his mind whirling with the bizarre provisions. "But unfortunately, they are legal and binding."

Jessica thought through her options but she didn't really appear to have any but one. "Okay, so let me get this straight. If I'm not married by the time I'm twenty-five years old, the three factories in Scotland, the one in Manchester and all the other entities my father accumulated over his lifetime will be shut down, the equipment inside each factory will be dismantled and sold for parts, the actual buildings in which these factories are house in will be blown up and over one thousand families will be out of a job."

The lawyer hesitated, but in the end, Ms. Mallory's summation was complete. He pulled a piece of paper out of the filing folder and handed it to her. "Here's a list of the contractors that have been retained to accomplish all of what you've just mentioned. So yes, your father was quite serious. He wanted you married and this was his way of accomplishing that."

Jessica couldn't believe that her father...a memory came to mind, the day her father had picked her up from boarding school so he could tell her that he'd gotten her into one of the finest finishing schools in Great Britain, a school which would set her up perfectly for a well placed marriage.

It was also the first time she'd ever defied her father. She'd sat in the back of the car next to him and told him that she wouldn't be attending the finishing school of his choice. She'd calmly explained that she'd already applied to the University of London and would be attending that institution in the fall instead. She'd challenged him to disown her back then but he hadn't. He'd waited. And now he was getting his revenge for her defiance.

Why couldn't he just be proud of her? She'd finished at the top of her class, had interned at some of the finest hospitals under great psychologists and psychiatrists. Didn't he even care that she was following her heart? That she could help people and heal people?

Apparently not, she thought as she looked out the large picture window, noticing the last of the catering trucks pulling out of the driveway of her father's London home. A home which she now owned, or at least was allowed to live in until she married, at which time, ownership would then be transferred to her husband.

What a mess, she thought. "I supposed I have some thinking to do, don't I?" she finally replied to the lawyer who was calmly sitting at her father's massive desk, looking painfully awkward.

With those words of dismissal, he gathered up his papers and shoved them quickly into his leather briefcase. "Let me know if I can assist you in any way," he said, taking her hand and bowing slightly before departing the house.

Jessica didn't stay in that room, disliking the dusty, musty smell. Her father had smoked cigars in that office with his cronies and the smell was still there so she wandered into the living room. Where her father's office was bleak and dingy with dark wood paneled walls and heavy leather chairs, the living room was where her mother had held court. It was the opposite in every way. The walls were a soft cream color and the sofas were all done in a robin's egg blue shade as were the curtains. There was a large fireplace where her mother used to curl up in front of on cold winter days or where she served tea to the various wives of her father's business interests.

She curled up on that sofa, pulling the cashmere throw down over her as the night descended. She still had no idea how to get herself out of this problem. But her mind refused to function. She was too hurt over everything she'd learned today. Her parents were gone now so she couldn't even ask for an explanation. She had lots of friends, but no one she could really turn to for help with this kind of a predicament. There had been the name of the executor of her father's will, but she didn't think she'd ever met the man. At least she didn't recognize the man's name, but there were many people in and out of her father's life so it could have been any one of his good friends.

She fell asleep that night curled up on her mother's sofa, the blue throw blanket wrapped around her. She didn't sleep well though. Instead of a sound sleep after the exhausting events of the past week, she was plagued with dreams of wedding dresses floating around her head, taunting her and laughing because she couldn't wear any of them. Nor could she reach the alter because a chain was wrapped around her ankle, keeping her from succeeding.

The following morning, she showered and pulled on a pair of jeans and an old sweatshirt, trying to shrug off the disturbing dreams. One thing was clear, despite her groggy state of mind, she had to make a decision about what she was going to do about her father's will and she couldn't make that decision without facts. She had the directions to her father's factories in one hand and an overnight bag in another. She was on a mission!

It took her three hours but she finally found the first factory. Sitting outside in the parking lot, she smiled as she watched several of the workers wander out during their break. They sat on one of the low walls and sipped coffee or soda while punching each other on the shoulder as they joked about something. At the other end, there was a delivery door with suppliers coming and going, the whole operation looking very industrious.

On the one hand, she was proud of her father for running such a smooth operation. But on the other hand, she really hated him for putting all of these peoples' livelihoods at risk simply so he could get back at her for defying him that one time. And really, why would he care if she was married or not? It wasn't as if she could guarantee that the man she married would be good at business. What if she married someone who liked history or maybe a scientist? Or just a simple accountant? That wouldn't help lead these businesses to bigger and better things! Or even stability!

What a mess, she thought as she drove away. It took her two days, but she went to every business her father had owned at the end of his lifetime. With some, she went inside, introduced herself and asked for a tour of the facility. At other times, she just sat in her car and watched, noticing small things about the workers and the industriousness of everyone around it.

She realized two things during these tours. First of all, if she failed to find a husband, she wouldn't just be putting her father's workers out of business. She would be hurting hundreds of suppliers as well, not to mention the businesses that depended on the output of these factories.

The second thing she realized was that she couldn't let them down. She had to accomplish this mission, regardless of how much she disagreed with her father's mandates. He'd done this to her, not to the workers. If she'd been a better daughter, she would have gone to him and worked with him to find a compromise. Instead, she'd simply gone off to school, ignoring his preferences because she'd considered this to be her life. Not anymore. Her choices for the next twelve months would result in so many people being able to pay their mortgage and put food on their tables.

She wasn't opposed to marriage. She just hadn't thought she'd be married so young. But it wasn't unheard of to be married by twenty-five. Her mother had been married by the age of twenty and had given birth at twenty-one.

Oh, if only her mother had been able to conceive of another baby, she thought with a deep sadness that left tears streaming down her face. She curled her legs up underneath her and pulled the soft, blue cashmere blanket around her. Where would Jessica be right now if her father had been able to raise a son as well as a daughter? Or what if she'd been born a male instead of a female? What if she'd just given in and gone to finishing school as her father had wanted? If her marriage to...whoever he'd chosen hadn't worked...would he still be angry with her?

As exhaustion took over and her eyes closed, she accepted that these scenarios didn't really matter. Because she had been an only child, she'd been born a female and she'd gone her own way at eighteen. So all her musings were pointless because, in the end, she was still here and she still had to face the hard reality that her father had distrusted her so much and been so angry at her defiance that he'd created a will that trapped her into looking for a husband over the next twelve months.

The last thing she thought about before she gave in to sleep was that she needed to contact this Charles Livingston, the man named as executor of her father's will, to see what he could do to help her through this problem of finding a husband quickly and under bizarre circumstances.

Chapter 1

Edward Livingston, Earl of Locton, straightened his tie as he walked down the central stairway of his ancestral home, accepted the steaming hot, black coffee from his butler and walked out of the house, his mind already reviewing his busy schedule for the day. As he was every morning at this time, his driver Tim stood at the bottom of the stone stairs, the door to the back of the limousine open. Tim bowed ever so slightly as Edward descended the stairs. "Good morning, my lord."

"Good morning, Tim. How is Martha?" Edward asked, referring to Tim's wife who helped out in the kitchens occasionally.

"Very well, thank you, my lord." And that was the end of Edward's socializing with his staff for the day. He was already pulling out a file folder for his first meeting by the time Tim closed the door and walked around to the front of the vehicle. Edward pressed a button on the panel of his door to call his executive assistant and instantly a crisp, efficient voice greeted him.

"Good morning, my lord," Alice replied.

Edward didn't even acknowledge the greeting, nor praise her for being in the office before him and prepared for the day. He paid her a very good salary and he expected her to be professional, punctual and detailed. He called her precisely at seven-thirty each morning for any updates to his schedule or events that had occurred overnight. Alice rarely disappointed him and on those rare occasions when she did, he never raised his voice. He found that a pointed look was sufficient to gain the expected results he required of his staff. His companies ran like a well oiled machine and he expected results from everyone on his team, or they could find other employment.

"Good morning, Alice." He didn't ask for the updates. Alice knew to simply deliver them since that was the exact purpose of this call.

"I've already updated your schedule and it is on your blackberry and there is a printout in your morning file." Edward pulled the printout from the file folder that Tim had ensured was on the seat before Edward walked out of the house. He glanced over the information, asking questions and handing out directions on several of the items.

By the time the limousine pulled up to the headquarters building, he was fully briefed on the day's upcoming events and walked straight into his first meeting.

By ten o'clock that morning, he was passing by Alice's desk, heading towards his own office when she called out for him. "I'm sorry, my lord," Alice said, standing up and handing him a sheet of paper. "Your uncle has been calling every few minutes for the past two hours. Apparently, he's been in a skiing accident in Switzerland and needs to speak with you urgently."

Edward didn't show any outward sign of his irritation with his schedule being interrupted. He glanced at his watch and nodded. "Put the call through. I'll take it in my office." He walked into his office and sat down behind his large, steel and glass desk. The difference between the way Edward ran the Livingston holdings and his father's methods was that Edward's financial acumen had tripled the family's net worth in the past 5 years whereas his predecessors had simply maintained the status quo. Edward enjoyed business and making deals, had a ten year plan to expand his holdings even further. He wasn't satisfied with just maintaining. Expanding, creating, figuring out the next move and what his enemies and competitors would do before they even knew it themselves, that was the challenge that pushed him on each day.

Some would consider the enormous weight of his responsibilities to be crushing, but he took everything in stride, analyzing the data and making rational evaluations based on facts and leaving emotions out of any equation and decision. He didn't consider it to be a weight of responsibility, but more of a contest as to what he could do better, or bigger.

His uncle, on the other hand, was not of the same opinion. After his father's death ten years ago, Uncle Charles had urged Edward to have more fun, to take time off and go on genuine vacations. Edward didn't need to take time off, he needed to get to his next meeting. And finding out why Uncle Charles was in the hospital, from skiing no less, was an irritation that would create several shifts in his schedule that weren't appreciated. But family was important, and that had been drilled into him from childhood. Family, responsibility and the Earl of Locton title were what he had to constantly keep in mind during everything he did throughout each day.

"Uncle Charles, why are you in the hospital?" he asked, looking down at the papers Alice had efficiently arranged on his desk.

"Eddie, my boy! How the hell are you?" his uncle cheerfully answered, completely ignoring Edward's question and using the hated nickname. The man didn't sound like someone who had just been in a skiing accident, Edward thought absently.

Edward's mind was focused more on the contract Alice had place in the center of his desk, the contract he would be discussing in his next meeting that would finalize his company's purchase of a business worth more than three billion dollars. "Busy. What's going on and why are you in the hospital?" he asked, repeating his question, pushing the contract back after checking the clauses he'd been concerned about while his mind already started going over the details for his next meeting.

His uncle wasn't fazed by Edward's impatient tone at all, used to it from years of experience. "Look away from all of your papers Eddie. I have something important to discuss with you, my boy."

Edward sighed and did as his uncle asked, taking a seat in the large leather chair and spinning around so that he was looking out at the London skyline instead of the contracts and reports. "Okay, you have my undivided attention. Now will you tell me why you are in the hospital? Alice mentioned you'd broken your leg while skiing but surely that doesn't require a hospital stay, does it?"

Charles chuckled softly and Edward heard some music in the background. "Not normally, but when an old man like me gets knocked down while racing, that creates a bit of a nuisance break. Apparently, the leg needs to heal a bit before I can put any weight on it. They also said something about my heart, but that's pointless at this stage of the game."

That caught Edward's attention. "What's wrong with your heart, Uncle Charles?" he asked, more alert and concerned than he had been a moment ago. Uncle Charles might be outrageous and irresponsible, but he was family. The only family he had left and he didn't like hearing that something might be threatening the man's health.

"I'm an old man, Edward! That about sums it all up."

"Nonsense," Edward countered. "I'll have Dr. Mamford arrive in the morning. He's the best cardiologist in the world. Let him examine you and he'll get you fixed up."

Charles laughed again, emotion filling the sound. "You're a wonderful man, Edward. You just need to loosen up a bit and have some fun. Don't worry about Dr. Mamford. The doctors here are taking wonderful care of me. But I have a favor to ask. I've committed to something and with my broken leg, I won't be able to fulfill that commitment. I was hoping you could take over and finish up the issue."

"Of course. Send me the documents and I'll wrap up the issue for you." He was still going to have the doctor review his uncle's medical files, already making a note to Alice to have the hospital send the medical information over to the renowned cardiologist.

"Well, it isn't really a document but it's a legal matter."

"Just send it over. Don't worry about anything, just concentrate on getting healthy again."

"Slow down. Before you take on this challenge, understand that there's a deadline of only a matter of weeks."

Edward shook his head. "No matter, Uncle Charles. Just send me the details," he said patiently.

"She's twenty-four years old, a stunning beauty, lots of fun and she needs to get married in two week's time."

Edward was completely confused now. "Excuse me?" he replied after a long pause while he absorbed his uncle's statement.

Charles laughed again, delighted that he'd been able to stun his always calm and collected nephew. "I'm the executor of her father's will. And her father demanded that she get married by the time she was twenty-five or she loses all of her inheritance. But she turns twenty-five in two weeks, Edward. And she hasn't found anyone who sparks an interest and she's willing to marry a man who is kind and generous who has already proposed. Unfortunately, they don't love each other and this little woman deserves something better. The only reason her father is doing this to her now is because she defied him about his plans for her future. There are a lot of jobs at stake and this little beauty is distraught over the fact that she can't save everyone. She's willing to marry a man she doesn't love at this point just to save those jobs. I can't let that happen."

"Is she that obnoxious?" he asked, wondering what could be so difficult about finding a groom for a wealthy heiress. It should have taken days, not months.

"On the contrary. Everywhere we go, she meets people and they are instantly part of her social group. She loves all of her friends and they return the feelings. The men's feelings are significantly deeper than just friendship, but she sees all of them only as friends and nothing more, even though they tend to fall all over themselves to gain her attention. Not that she'd notice though. She's too kind and generous to hurt their feelings, thinking they're all her best friend. Unfortunately, just not husband material. Like I said, she's beautiful and lively and she has a love of life that's contagious, hence the reason I'm in a hospital bed instead of home reading my boring books. We've been trotting all over Europe looking for the ideal groom and having a wonderful time, but she hasn't found anyone with whom she would want to marry."

"And that's where I come in?" Edward asked, already mentally lining up eligible bachelors for the woman in question. He had several social engagements over the next few days. He figured he could introduce her to some appropriate men and have this finished by the weekend. It was Wednesday, perhaps Alice could arrange the wedding by the following Saturday. He had to be in Rome by the following Monday so that would work out well.

"Exactly. If you're up for the challenge. She's vivacious and charming, but she has a mind of her own."

"Don't worry Uncle Charles," he said, ready to lay down the law to whatever irresponsible party girl had attached herself to his uncle. "I'll handle her and get her married off quickly. Just heal up and I'll see you for the wedding."

"I knew I could count on you. She's on her way already and should be there soon."

"I'll have Tim pick her up at the airport then."

Charles chuckled at Edward's offer. "Don't worry about picking her up. She can get to your office easily."

Edward grimaced, picturing several things in his mind on how she would obtain a ride from the airport to his office. "That's fine. What's her name?"

"You might even know of her," Charles replied. "She was much younger, but I know your father and hers socialized occasionally. Her name is Jessica Mallory and she's an absolute delight! Be kind to her, Edward. She's been through a great deal, losing both of her parents just over eleven months ago. Apparently she was very close to her mother even though they were very strict and possibly a bit old fashioned, but she's moved on with grace and dignity, embracing life with both arms."

Edward refrained from rolling his eyes. "Understand, Uncle Charles. Send over her parents' will and I'll ensure that she fulfills the obligations of their provisions."

"I know you will, dear boy!" he chuckled. "The documents should already be on the way. Good luck! Remember, two weeks and she has to be married."

"Understand," Edward repeated. "I'll check in with you this weekend."

Charles shook his head as he hung up the phone. His plan was in place and he almost laughed out loud at how easily Edward had fallen into the trap. It was all for his own good, he told himself. Jessica would breathe some life into Edward's dreary existence if his nephew would just allow her to work her magic. She'd definitely done it for him and he already thought of Jessica as an angel. One that he wanted in his family more than anything.

The only obstacle was Edward's monumental stubbornness, he thought with a small kernel of concern. But he knew that Jessica was perfect for Edward. If anyone could break through that tough, hard exterior Edward showed to the outside world, it would be Jessica's kind, gentle and loving touch.

Chapter 2

Edward picked up his phone and looked at the number. He didn't recognize the number, but answered it anyway.

In response to his abrupt greeting he heard, "I'm sorry to bother you, my lord, but are you awaiting the arrival of a Ms. Jessica Mallory, by chance?" the voice asked.

Edward glanced at his watch impatiently. "Yes. Are you her boyfriend?" he asked whoever it was that called for her.

The man chuckled. "I wish. But no, my lord. I am calling on her behalf to tell you that she's at the police station at the moment, a bit detained but she'll be there as soon as she can."

Edward closed his eyes and sighed inwardly. The woman had been arrested? Good grief! He hadn't even met her and he knew she was going to be trouble. "Where is she being held?"

The man shook his head. "She's not really being held at the station, my lord."

"Just tell me where she is," he snapped, already thinking of acquaintances who owed him favors so he could extract a pitiful rebellious woman from a prison sentence which she probably deserved.

"She's down at the Seventh Street Station, my lord. She's perfectly fine. She says she will meet you as soon as she can."

"I'm sure she thinks so. Tell her I'm on my way and not to do or say anything until I arrive." Edward didn't wait for a response before he snapped his phone shut, cutting off the caller. He pulled on his jacket and walked out of his office. "Tell Tim to meet me downstairs immediately. I also want Tony Davenport at the door waiting as well. Tell him to drop everything now!"

Edward had barely raised his voice, which made his commands so much more terrifying. Alice took it all in stride though. She was already on the phone with Tim conveying instructions and by the time Edward reached the elevators, she had Tony, Edward's corporate attorney, on the phone with instructions to be in the lobby in thirty seconds for some crisis.

Edward could not believe that Charles had spoiled this woman for so long. Right now, all he wanted to do was spank the woman who had disrupted his day and caused several meetings to be rescheduled.

"What's going on?" Tony asked as he stuffed papers into his briefcase, breathing heavily as he raced to keep up with his employer's longer stride.

"I have no idea actually. A woman I've just been charged with dealing with has been arrested and is being held at the police station. I don't know what she's done or any of the details. But I need you to get her out of whatever mess she's landed herself in."

Tony nodded and quickly ducked into the back of the limousine behind Edward. By the time the car was moving, Tony was on his cell phone trying to get more information from his police contacts. "You're telling me that she isn't in lockup?" he asked into his phone. "Hold on," he said and covered the mouthpiece as he turned to Edward. "My source at the station says she hasn't been arrested."

Edward rubbed his forehead. "Good. I guess that means she hasn't been booked yet. We might be able to push this all under the carpet in less time than I thought."

Tim was already pulling up outside the police station and Tony jumped out, leading the way into the station with Edward right behind him.

It was one of the smaller stations in London, but it was still bustling with activity.

"I need to speak with Jessica Mallory," Edward said with menacing authority to the first officer he ran into.

The officer immediately smiled at Edwards comment, then burst out laughing. "You and all the rest of us!" he guffawed. "She's in the back robbing us blind." The man turned around and pointed to a back door. "Go through there. And have your money out. You're gonna need it," he said with another snicker as he moved through the cubicles towards another door.

Tony and Edward looked at each other with confusion. Tony shrugged and led the way, walking through the door the officer had indicated. When both men entered the conference room, six other officers all turned around with equally irritated expressions at being disturbed. There was only one female face and Edward felt like he'd been punched in the gut when she lifted her head and smiled towards him.

"Who the hell are you?" one of the officers asked belligerently.

Tony stepped forward with all of his lawyerly mannerisms. "I'm here to represent Ms. Mallory. Please explain the charges against her and why there are so many men interrogating her at once."

There was a moment of stunned silence, then as one, all six police officers burst out laughing. The woman was also smiling but she stood up and placed her cards on the table quietly, putting a gentle hand on the two officers nearest to her until they quieted once again. "I'm Jessica Mallory. And I believe there's some confusion here." She looked to Tony, narrowing her eyes before she shook her head. "You're not Edward." She glanced behind Tony to survey Edward, taking in his tall, muscular appearance with the angry, irritated expression and nodded. "You're Edward Livingston, right?"

Edward stepped forward and examined the woman standing on the other side of the table. "You're Jessica Mallory?" he demanded.

She smiled brightly and nodded her head. Edward couldn't believe what he was seeing. Could this bright, beautiful woman really be so outrageous that she was arrested as soon as she'd walked out of the airport?

"What are you being charged with?" he asked, more gently now that he'd seen her. Her curls bounced around her face and her eyes danced in....amusement? She was stunningly beautiful and something happened to his stomach when her smile widened. His eyes even traveled down her figure, pretending to check for abuse or handcuffs, but all he saw was a knockout figure in a white, peasant blouse and jeans that hugged her figure. She wasn't tall, was in fact significantly shorter than the officers who stood up as if they were trying to protect her.

"The lady isn't in any trouble, my lord," one of the officers stated firmly. "In fact, most of us are in trouble so if you'd like to take her off of our hands, we might end up with a few bucks in our pockets tonight when we head home.

Edward's eyes snapped from the woman to the table. Sure enough, there was a poker game going on. And most of the money was sitting right in front of the lady in question.

Jessica's eyes went from smiling to worried as she looked around. "I'm not really going to keep all of this," she declared. "We were just having some fun. You all need to take back your money." She pushed it all into the center of the table, mixing it in with the pot that had been building from the most recent round. "Besides, I was going to win that pot as well," she said and turned her cards over to show three kings.

Six men stared in horror at her cards, ending in groans and guffaws as they smacked each other on the back, arguing on how they were going to split the money now that Jessica had comingled all of the funds.

She noticed Edward's thunderous expression and knew that she needed to get out of this situation quickly so she could diffuse his anger somewhat. "Okay, I think I need to leave now," she said brightly and moved around the table. "I think Nate should be here by now anyway." She reached out and hugged each man, giving some a kiss on the cheek and others a punch on the arm. Each burly officer took her kiss or her jab with good humor, but he could tell that every single one of them wanted to claim her for his own.

"Thank you so much for the ride from the airport, guys!" she called out as she pulled open the conference room door and walked out. She turned back slightly to Edward and Tony. "I'm really sorry about the confusion," she said. "I told Officer Mike to just let you know I would be later than anticipated meeting you at your office."

Edward turned to Tony, both of them looking a bit shell-shocked by what had just happened. Edward was the first to snap out of it and he followed the young woman out of the room, determined to find out exactly what was going on. Unfortunately, by the time he caught up with her, he found her chatting up a man who had his hands handcuffed behind his back, a leather strap circling his neck with metal studs coming out in every direction and tattoos on every visible piece of skin. Since he was only wearing a leather vest, there was a lot of skin to be seen!

Looking down, he noticed one more thing about her. She was wearing red cowboy boots! He wasn't sure why, but of all the things that surprised him most about today, the boots actually hit the top of the list. They worked somehow, but they were so unexpected, especially when she looked so sweet and....delectable...everywhere else.

Jessica smiled at Joe and patted him on the shoulder, careful to not punch him on his most recent knife wound. "You're a lawyer, right?" she asked as Tony approached.

Tony hesitated, once again at a loss which was extremely rare. "Umm...yes," he finally answered, looking from the slender beauty to the huge, tattooed man and then to Edward, his employer.

"Good!" she smiled brightly. "This is Joe and he's been completely misunderstood," she explained.

Edward already knew where this was going. "Absolutely not!" he grumbled and pushed Jessica towards the exit. "Move," he commanded.

Jessica glanced up at the tall man nervously. She didn't want to leave with him when he looked this angry. She remembered him so differently from his mother's funeral!

Her dreams had definitely not come close to the reality of the man, she realized quickly. He was well over six feet tall with thick, black hair cut short and neat. His hazel eyes were no longer filled with pain, thankfully, but they were definitely filled with anger over something, although she had no idea what that could be. And the intensity of those eyes was almost terrifying. Over the past several years, she'd compared every man she met to the sixteen year old boy she'd remembered from the day of his mother's funeral, the man who had been so filled with emotion and a love for his mother but with an inner strength that had impressed the five year old girl. Standing before her now, she knew that he retained that inner strength and deeply bred integrity and paired that with a killer body that made her mind freeze in surprise and....well just something she couldn't really define.

Shaking her head suddenly, she reminded herself that she needed to forget about him and focus on finding someone more suitable. Unfortunately, all other men paled in comparison, seeming weak or pallid, not nearly as intelligent or honorable. And now that she'd been face to face with the man, she could add 'sexy' to her list of adjectives other men didn't match up to.

With a bright smile, she turned to fully face the man, not allowing him to scare her with that scowl that created interesting indentations between those intelligent, hazel eyes.

"I know we've met before, but it was so long ago that we should probably introduce ourselves again." She stuck her hand out and said, "I'm Jessica Mallory. And you're Edward Livingston. Your uncle said you might be able to help me with my problem."

"We're not discussing anything here," Edward said with finality and took her arm to lead her out of the building. When they were out on the street, he started to turn to face Tony, about to tell him to catch a cab back to the office so he could have a private conversation with this woman, but she stopped him.

"There's my ride. I was going to head over to your office, but since I've already interrupted your day enough, how about if I let you get back to work and you can come over to my house for dinner tonight?"

Edward stopped her with a hand on her arm. "Let's discuss the issue on the way back to my office."

She looked up at him warily, wondering why he was so angry with her. "Let me just go talk to Nate, okay?" she suggested.

Edward looked at the guy on the curb leaning against a motorcycle and nodded sharply.

He walked over to his car which had been waiting in the front of the station while he and Tony were inside.

Tony was watching the woman as well but also noting the way his employer scrutinized the woman in question. He understood what was happening and decided to make himself scarce. "I'll catch a cab back to the office, unless you need me for anything else?"

Edward didn't take his eyes off of Jessica when he shook his head. His muscles relaxed slightly when she turned back around and headed in his direction. Tim held the door for her and she ducked down into the back seat and Edward followed her in.

Jessica took the seat opposite so that her back was towards the driver and she could face Edward, wanting to see the expressions on his face as they conversed. The man was filled with confidence and authority, and the intelligence shone out of those hazel eyes. It was quite a turn-on! She even liked the way he moved, with conviction and determination. Goodness, this man was sexy!

He picked up the papers he'd brought with him, the documents his uncle had e-mailed to him earlier in the day. "So you've been gallivanting about Europe with my uncle instead of seriously trying to get down to the business of fulfilling your father's provisions, am I correct?" he asked as he forced his eyes to skim through her father's will instead of watching her elegant, temptress-like figure sway while Tim drove through the London streets. He refused to look up as she crossed those long legs. How could her legs be that long, he wondered. She wasn't that tall. His first impression of her was that she was barely five feet, five or six inches so her legs were just an optical illusion created by the line of her jeans and those ridiculous red boots.

He wondered if she painted her toenails red as well.

Jessica was slightly taken aback at his negative portrayal of her efforts to find a husband. She bristled, but reminded herself that she'd interrupted his day and he was probably a very busy man. "I wouldn't really describe my time as 'gallivanting'. That seems to have a negative connotation."

One of those dark, interesting eyebrows went up and she forced herself to sit still, to not wiggle at his implication. "Are you telling me that you applied yourself diligently and exclusively to the task of fulfilling your father's will over the past eleven months?" he asked.

Jessica blinked, and shook her head. "Of course not," she said softly.

His eyes snapped back up at her, waiting a moment for her to elaborate on her denial. Most people would know that they were in trouble by this point because of his tone of voice. But this woman sitting in front of him didn't seem to be aware of the danger. That only irritated him further and he decided to ramp up the intimidation, pushing his amusement and fascination aside. It was rare that he met someone who didn't react as expected and the fact that Jessica Mallory was not following the predictable pattern gave him pause. "Would you care to expand on that comment?"

She folded her hands in her lap. "The first few months, I was a bit preoccupied since I'd suddenly lost both of my parents. I didn't think it was necessary to marry immediately following the funeral."

Edward looked at her soft brown eyes and felt like a complete ass. "I'm sorry. That was rude of me," he apologized. He looked across the back of the limousine, steadily watching her face as the color slowly returned to her beautiful features. He'd hurt her and all he could think about now was how he could get the sparkle back into her eyes. "I know your parents died suddenly and it must have been horrible for you."

Jessica looked down, pushing away the pain of her loss. It was over now and she couldn't bring them back. Her strict father had been a good man, if undemonstrative and very opinionated about how to conduct oneself in the world. His will aside, she understood him and they got along reasonably well. Her mother had been soft and gentle, always there for a hug. Both of them had given her a strong sense of who she was and her place in this world and she would miss them every day of her life. But now was not the time to dwell on her loss. She had to marry and this man sitting in front of her was ready and willing to help her.

"Thank you for that." She cleared her throat and shook her head, unaware that the man in front of her was watching her curls shimmer around her head with fascination. "As for the other part of the year, I honestly have been trying to find someone who would suit me for a husband. I know there are thousands of people in my father's companies that will be out of a job if I don't marry soon." She forced a smile to her face. "But I'm interrupting your day and I know you have a very tight schedule. A trip to the police station probably wasn't on your agenda so I know I've taken up an inordinate amount of your time. The offer of dinner tonight still stands. How about if we meet tonight at my house for dinner to discuss the terms of my father's will? I'm so sorry that your uncle broke his leg, but I'm truly grateful that you're willing to step in and help out with all the technicalities. My father was a good businessman, but he was a huge chauvinist and refused to allow a woman to have control of his financial issues. So accepting the responsibility is truly a very kind thing from you. I promise that I will endeavor to apply myself to this task with great efficiency," she said the last part with mock seriousness.

Edward didn't realize he was glaring at the woman. He was still reeling from the impact of her smile and was furious that he was so undisciplined that he kept losing his focus any time she smiled. There was something about her mouth that just distracted him, made him think of....

Dammit!

He cleared his throat and leaned forward, disgusted with his body that was reacting to her perfume and that damn smile of hers. "That's very kind of you. I'll be there tonight with any help I can muster."

Jessica looked up at him, startled by his comment. What did he mean? What kind of help would he need for this?

She smiled and glanced out the window, realizing that they had just pulled up outside of what she assumed was his office. Reaching across the short expanse of the car, she extended her hand as she said, "Thank you, Edward. I appreciate all of your help."

When he took her hand in his, she felt the jolt of electricity, the stunning heat that swarmed over her hand, up her arm and throughout her body. She held on for a moment longer than necessary before pulling back. That touch...she'd felt it so thoroughly, so intensely, and it scared her into jerking her hand back.

She stepped out of his car quickly, eager to be freed from those intimidating eyes of his. What rotten luck, she thought as she opened the heavy door leading out to the street. How could she be so attracted to a man who was completely inappropriate for her? The man was a grouch who was probably painfully rigid in his mindset and so disciplined in his day that any kind of disturbance would irritate him to no end.

Edward cursed under his breath as he watched the slender woman step out. Her long legs, round bottom and tiny waist were all he could see besides her dark curls but it was enough to singe his eyes and fill his body with need. When the door finally closed on her, he swore once again and pulled out his cell phone. Pressing a number he had on speed dial, he waited the few seconds before his call was answered, spending that time trying to get his body back under control.

"Julianna, I'm glad I was able to reach you," he said as soon as the woman picked up.

"Good afternoon, Edward," she said with her well cultured voice. "It's good to hear from you."

Edward was irritated that he wasn't picturing Julianna's blond elegance but continued to mull over Jessica's brunette boldness. He would someday take Julianna as his wife and he should give her the respect of focusing on her when he was conversing with her. "I'm sorry to spring this on you, but I have a favor to ask."

"Of course. You know I'll do anything I can to help."

Edward was counting on it. "I know we don't have plans tonight, but I was wondering if you might be able to accompany me to a dinner tonight. Nothing formal, but I need to help out a friend."

"Of course. What time?"

He was relieved that he wouldn't have to meet Jessica for dinner tonight alone, not examining his need for 'protection' too closely. "I'll have Alice send you the details."

"That's fine," she said and they hung up after a few more pleasantries.

Edward spent the rest of the afternoon going through meeting after meeting, becoming more angry when his normally intense concentration was tested by images of a round bottom and long legs...of soft, red lips and twinkling chocolate eyes. As he made his way to pick up Julianna that evening, he resolved to get the woman married as quickly as possible so he could get on with his life.

Julianna was the woman in his life. She was cool and sophisticated, and everything his business life needed. She was a supreme hostess with all the right connections. They had been dating for the past several months but nothing serious and not exclusive, which was the main reason he hadn't made their relationship more intimate. Julianna wasn't the kind of woman he could have sex with and then move on to a new relationship. Once they took things to that level, he would be fully committed to a long term relationship.

No, when he needed sexual release, he would go to his mistress who was happily living in an apartment on the other side of London. Those two worlds did not mix.

The thought occurred to him briefly that he couldn't imagine needing a mistress if Jessica Mallory were in his life.

Chapter 3

Jessica looked at the table, noting the soft, pink roses and candle light. It looked perfect. Romantic, but not overwhelming, warm without being too cozy. She could sit across the table at Edward and spell out all the things she wanted in a man, all the things that he wasn't such as fun-loving, gentle, eager to smile at the silliest things. She wanted a man who would dance after dinner with her - just because a fun song came over the stereo.

He'd looked so angry earlier in the day which told her that Edward was an old stick in the mud. She definitely couldn't picture him dancing anywhere, much less in the kitchen or dining room.

What she'd done to make him angry, she had no idea. Initially, she'd gone through the whole conversation to try to determine what she might have said or done that would offend him. But in the end, there had been so little conversation, she went with the idea that he'd just come from a frustrating meeting and his attitude had nothing to do with her.

Of course, there was the misunderstanding about the police station. She thought it was terribly sweet that he'd raced down to the police station, more than ready to step in and help her out of whatever predicament he imagined she'd fallen into. Yes, that was very sweet and countered a lot of the negatives she'd come up with in her mind about his personality.

The doorbell rang and she smoothed her pink dress over her hips, ensured that the gold chains were smooth and she still had both gold earrings in her lobes.

"Do I look okay?" she asked Beth, the housekeeper who had been with her family since before she was born.

Beth looked back at the lovely woman and smiled. "You look stunning," she replied honestly. "Just a touch demure, but nothing to hide your sparkling personality." Beth loved this exquisite young woman like she was her own daughter. She wasn't sure why Jessica was making such a fuss about this dinner tonight though. "I'm sure the dinner will go exactly as planned," she assured her nervous friend.

Jessica took in a deep, calming breath, then nodded her head, giving Beth permission to open the door. "Thanks for the pep talk," she whispered a moment before the door opened. She wanted things to be perfect tonight with Edward. She didn't want to make any mistakes that might irritate him. She needed his help to get through this maze of finding a husband.

Jessica had anticipated this moment all afternoon, hoping that Edward would walk into her house, see her dressed in a more demure style and her appearance tonight would counter his previous impression of her. He'd said that she'd been gallivanting around the world so this was her chance to show him that she wasn't flighty but could be earnest and take this legal issue seriously.

So when the door opened and she saw Edward, her eyes sparkled with anticipation and she smiled brightly. She took in his tall, muscular frame in the dark suit and a shiver of awareness flashed through her. Good grief, why did he have to look so amazing? Those broad shoulders and his height were intimidating enough but those hazel eyes looked like he could see right through her facade and know her darkest secrets. Could he know that she didn't like him? That she thought he was a fuddy duddy? Okay, an incredibly sexy and attractive....yes, even a yummy fuddy duddy but still....

Why on earth was she trying so hard to impress this man? She didn't even like him! She shouldn't care about his opinion of her. He was here to help her find a husband, not hire her for a job opportunity.

It took her several moments before she realized that he wasn't alone.

When she noticed the gorgeous, cool, blond woman standing beside him, she stumbled mentally, completely unprepared to host another woman in her propaganda night. Blinking rapidly, she searched her brain to try and catch up with what was happening. Who was this woman and why was she here? It was embarrassing enough that she was trying to impress Edward with her seriousness. Did she have to have another witness if she messed up somehow?

Thankfully, her mother's training snapped in at the last moment and she stepped forward, her hands extended to the lovely woman as the couple entered the foyer together. Edward had his arm around her waist in a proprietary fashion and Jessica suddenly and unexplainably wanted to scratch the woman's eyes out. Instead, she extended her hand and introduced herself.

"Good evening!" she managed to say with just the right amount of warmth in her voice. "I'm Jessica Mallory and I'm so grateful that both of you were able to make it for dinner tonight."

Edward stepped in and made the introductions. "Jessica, I'm sorry about the surprise guest. I just thought that Julianna might know more eligible bachelors who are ready to settle down than I do so I brought her along for the conversation. I hope you don't mind," he said, letting the question hang in the air.

Jessica looked back and forth between Edward and the blond woman, her mind confused. "Of course I don't mind. I'm truly appreciative of any assistance."

He turned to the blond woman slightly while he said, "This is Lady Julianna Holbrook. She's about your age and I've briefed her on the situation."

Jessica was furious with Edward. How could he do this to her? How dare he reveal her family secret to a stranger! She was so hurt by his betrayal that she wanted desperately to slam the door and run up to her room to cry out her humiliation. She couldn't believe he was so crass, so insensitive! What a jerk!

Julianna stepped forward and took Jessica's cold hand. "I'm very honored to meet you, Ms. Mallory. And please don't be angry with Edward for telling me of your predicament. I completely understand that discretion is of the utmost importance right now. And I promise that none of this will leave your house. I'm only here to offer my assistance and I hope that we can be friends and allies in this challenge."

Jessica hated the woman on sight, but there was no polite way to reject the woman's kind words. She just wished that the blond would go away and leave her alone to wallow in her own pity party.

Was this jealousy she was feeling? Jessica went through the motions of being a good hostess, but the whole time, she was examining her feelings towards the other woman. Julianna was a beautiful female who looked exactly right standing next to Edward. Her delicate beauty and her gentle mannerisms indicated that she and Edward were a perfect match. So why was she so angry that Edward was touching her as if they were intimate?

Pull yourself together, old girl! She admonished herself for the crazy and inappropriate jealousy she was feeling and mentally shook herself to get back on track.

And unfortunately, Jessica couldn't even say that Julianna was mean or cruel. The blond goddess was kind and sweet and looked as if she were genuinely sincere in wanting to offer her help and discretion.

With a deep breath, she regrouped as quickly as possible, not daring to look at Edward for fear that she might break down in tears over something that felt like a betrayal. So he'd told another person about her father's absurd will. She had a very short period of time to meet the deadline. Get over this anger and move on to accomplishing the task.

Turning to her housekeeper who had been hovering in the background, she said with as much dignity as her strange emotions would allow, "Beth, would you mind adding another place to the table?"

Beth nodded her head and disappeared. "What can I get everyone to drink?" Jessica offered, motioning her hand towards the living room where Beth's husband, the groundskeeper John, had started a fire in the large, stone hearth earlier in the evening. The room was cozy and warm now that the fire was crackling away at the logs.

The three of them moved to the living room and Jessica stepped behind the highly polished bar, taking down several glasses and looking towards her guests.

"A glass of white wine would be lovely," Julianna said.

"Scotch, if you have it," Edward replied.

Julianna nodded and pulled out her father's twenty-five year old scotch and a bottle of white wine. She had to trust Beth that the vintage was a good one, because Jessica preferred the more plebian beer or a heavy duty martini. She'd drink the white wine simply because it was more appropriate, but it wouldn't be her preference.

As they all took a seat in front of the fireplace, Jessica wracked her brain to come up with something to talk about. She definitely couldn't discuss the things she'd previously been prepared to chat about, the desired qualities in a husband being the main issue on her mind. So what was there to discuss?

Thankfully Julianna came to the rescue. "So you've been traveling for the past several months, I understand?" the blond woman asked with a polite expression.

Jessica sighed with relief, grabbing onto the conversational lifesaver with both hands. "Yes. I've been wandering all over Europe, discovering small cities and wonderful restaurants, sites off the beaten trail to explore." She related some of the smaller cities she'd visited and found that Julianna wasn't as cold as she appeared. In fact, they'd visited several of the same cities, although for different reasons. Julianna was an antiques dealer who loved to find out of the way shops and venues to add to her gallery's inventory. Jessica had traveled to several of the same cities, just in search of a husband instead of antiques.

They were laughing about some of the smaller Swiss villages they'd visited when the doorbell rang. Jessica jumped a bit as she looked around, not sure who could possibly be at the door now. She was startled to see that Edward was glaring at her as if he intensely disliked her for some reason and she was hurt by the look. He hadn't known her long enough to dislike her and if anyone were going to abhor someone, she should hate him!

Julianna turned to look at Edward. "Did you invite someone else, perhaps?" Jessica thought she detected a frosty tone but she didn't know the other woman well enough to make that determination.

Jessica set her wine glass onto the coffee table and stood up as gracefully as possible, trying to hide her surprise and the misery that comes from irritating and disapproving men. "I'll just go see who it is. I'm so sorry for the intrusion," she said, feeling like her feet were filled with lead. She actually dreaded to open the door and wanted to cry out to Beth to shut off all the house lights and pretend that no one was here. The last time she'd opened the door, she had failed miserably in altering Edward's impression of her. What was next?

But she couldn't reach Beth in time and the door was already being opened by the time she reached the middle of the living room. The big booming voice made her stop in her tracks and her spirits instantly lifted.

"I'm looking for Jessica Mallory. Is she in tonight?" a deep voice said from the doorway.

Her eyes lit up as she recognized the voice and her spirits soared. "James?" Jessica called out, her pace increasing as she tried to peer around the door. "Is that really you?"

"Of course, darlin'!" James called out, his arms open as Jessica threw herself against his large, solid body and he held her close for a brief hug. "Good to know you haven't forgotten about me so quickly!"

Jessica pulled back and smiled up at the handsome man, laughing at his taunt. "How could anyone forget you? Even when we all try, you're just too obnoxious to get out of our minds!" They both laughed at her jibe but James didn't take offense. Instead, he wrapped his arms around her again, even lifting her up off of her feet while he hugged her.

"Damn it's good to see you! And don't you look incredible!" he said as he set her back onto her feet and held her at arm's length. "I think you should reconsider my offer, my love. I could make all your problems go away!"

Jessica laughed and hit him on his shoulder. He proposed to her every time he saw her, but they both knew that they would always be just good friends. There wasn't any spark between them, but she'd sometimes wished that she could love him. He was a brilliant real estate developer from America who was brash and obnoxious and went through life grabbing on with both hands. She loved him, but not in the way she wanted to love her husband. Her affection for James was more along what she might feel for an older brother.

"Can you stay for dinner?" she asked, her eyes begging him to stay.

"I thought you'd never ask," he laughed, putting his hand around her tiny waist and turning to face the other two people in the room as Jessica led him into the living room.

She was surprised when she felt James' arm tighten around her waist when she brought him further into the room. She glanced up at him, wondering what was wrong, and noticed that he was staring at the very lovely, very cool Lady Holbrook. Interesting....

"All, this is James Cavanaugh. His company headquarters is actually in San Diego, California, but he's been in Europe for the past several months working on some real estate deal that's going to horrify the business world with his magnificence." She said it to everyone, but it was a definite jab at Edward since the two men could probably be competitors in some areas. She was desperate to show Edward that she was desired by other men and he could just stop his disapproval of her.

She watched Edward glance at Julianna, wondering again what the relationship was between the two of them. Was he in love with the blond woman? What wasn't to love? Jessica liked her even though she really wanted to hate her. The lovely Lady Holbrook was just too nice and too beautiful with her calm, sophisticated demeanor and her perfect manners.

Jessica introduced the others to James, then stood back and watched as James took Julianna's hand in his, a light entering his eye that she'd never seen before. Little did he know that the dainty Lady Julianna was already taken by the Ever-So-Perfect-And-Controlled Edward Livingston.

After performing the introductions, she turned to James. "Be good," she admonished.

James turned to the blond, his eyes flashing as he said, "Ah darlin'. I'm always good," and enjoyed the lovely blush on those beautiful cheeks of hers.

"Bourbon?" Jessica suggested, offering his favorite drink.

He finally released Julianna's hand and glanced back towards Jessica. "Of course!" he answered with relish.

As she poured the amber liquid into a tumbler, she explained to Julianna and Edward, "James does some weird things with real estate. Aren't you looking at some new property in London now? I thought I remember you mentioning that while we were in Switzerland recently."

Edward almost rolled his eyes. "James is one of the preeminent real estate developers in the world, tackling projects that others think are too risky. I wouldn't describe what he does as 'weird', Jessica."

"I guess that makes your fortunes rise and fall precipitously," Julianna stated, her blue eyes suddenly lit by an inner fire that hadn't been there before.

Jessica laughed, her curls dancing once again right along with those gold earrings that made her eyes sparkle even more brightly although she had no idea what was going through Edward's mind. He tried to push the anger aside and focus on the evening but from the moment the blond man had entered the room, Edward's anger had grown exponentially. Especially witnessing the easy going camaraderie he shared with Jessica.

He didn't want to have that with the brunette, he told himself angrily, so why was he so furious with the other man? He preferred the calm nature of Julianna versus the exuberance of Jessica. Despite those thoughts in his head, he couldn't he pull his eyes away from Jessica's lush figure and beautiful, smiling face. And why was he so furious that another man was touching her? Touching her exactly how he'd like to be doing.

Well, not exactly. He'd like to be doing a whole hell of a lot more than just hugging her, he thought grimly.

Jessica handed James the glass, then came back around the bar to resume her seat. "James is the only one I know of that can take a risky project and consistently make it profitable. Investors beg for the opportunity to do business with him even though many of them don't understand the complexities of the project themselves. They just know about his track record and don't care about the risks. James can overcome just about any challenge."

James was uncomfortable with her praise, so he decided to change the subject. He took a seat next to Julianna and questioned Jessica about her marriage predicament. "Tell me how many hearts you've broken since last we met," he said as he took the offered drink.

Jessica glanced over at Edward, then quickly away and sighed. "Alas, I've been a very good girl since we last met."

James lifted an eyebrow in her direction. "Why do I find that hard to believe?"

She grinned right back at him, refusing to admit she'd done anything inappropriate. "Perhaps because you have a very suspicious mind?"

He laughed and he shook his head. "That's true enough, but I've also witnessed you in action. Those men in Belgium were fawning over you left and right and you didn't even notice."

Jessica waved that aside. "You're being ridiculous, James. No one fawned over anyone."

He looked at her with concern. "You really don't know how many men were in love with you, do you?"

She blushed and rolled her eyes. "You're exaggerating. Tell me about the house you're building in Aruba. Last time we were talking you said that you were having problems with the pool. Have you been able to resolve that issue?" she asked changing the subject because the last one was making her uncomfortable and causing Edward to become even angrier for some reason. Did he think she'd just been sitting back and waiting for the men to come to her? She had a deadline! The man needed to understand that his uncle had gone out of his way to introduce her to as many men as possible. He had no right to judge her in that way.

They spoke about various problems with adding a pool to an arid environment such as what Aruba experienced most of the year. Jessica had to laugh at the foibles James was having with some of the workers. Apparently, James wanted to help with the building of the house but the workers were horrified that someone who was paying them would want to do the work as well. James had all three of them laughing at his hilarious stories of the workers' expressions and their dismay when he started doing manual labor right alongside each of them. Only Jessica knew that James had made his start in life by working as a construction worker in high school, which eventually moved him into creating his own real estate company.

"Dinner is ready," Beth said from the doorway once the laughter died down.

Jessica looked over at the kind housekeeper and sighed. What might happen over dinner, she wondered. "Thank you Beth," she replied with more enthusiasm than she felt right at the moment. She wished she could stay right here and listen to James talk about his funny stories and ignore Edward's grim expression. She'd snuck a peek at Edward often and thankfully he was chuckling over the tales. She loved to see him laugh, even his eyes crinkled when he laughed which she suspected was very seldom.

He wasn't ever looking at her, though. He kept his eyes on James or Julianna the whole time, avoiding her as if she were some sort of ugly duckling that was abhorrent to him.

With a sigh, she stood up to indicate that they should move into the dining room. James immediately stood and took Julianna with him and, as Jessica watched him pull the blond woman out of the room, she felt as if her only friend had just abandoned her. She'd hoped to have a private word with James, ask for a bit of help in pushing Julianna and Edward out the door since their presence wasn't really helping and only hurting her the longer they stayed here. She'd rather just hurry up to her room and lick her wounds, start to heal and find a way to overcome her fascination with a man who didn't want her and was currently in love with another woman.

"I'd like a word with you, Jessica," Edward said, taking her elbow and stopping her when she started to follow behind James and Julianna.

He waited until they were alone before turning to look down into her brown eyes. "Keep away from James," he said as soon as the others were out of ear shot. "He's not marriage material and you have a deadline. A very short deadline, I might add."

Jessica was instantly offended that he would assume she was in any way interested in James. "James is a good man and a great friend. I really don't want you saying anything disrespectful about him."

Edward glared right back down at her, moving into her space in an effort to intimidate her. "You heard me, Jessica. He's not right for you. Stay clear."

"Or what?" she challenged, turning to face him and giving as good as she got.

"Or I'll make sure that you are unavailable for him. He won't marry you," he said. "You have a mission and I'm here to ensure that you accomplish that mission. If you're going to give up on that and just let your inheritance go to charity, then let me know right now so I can move on to other issues. If not, then you'll heed my warning and steer clear of the man." Edward had no idea if James was marriage material or not, but he didn't like him hanging around Jessica. There was just something about the man that irked him.

"You can't decide who I marry, Edward."

He leaned down with a growl. "Want to bet?"

"Yes!"

"As executor of your father's will now, I have approval authority over the man you finally marry. And I'm telling you right now that James Cavanaugh is not acceptable. Forget about him."

His words infuriated her, especially since she and James were just good friends. "You are an arrogant jerk!" She poked him in the chest but he didn't back up an inch. "For your information, he's already proposed!" She didn't mention to him that she'd laughed off James' proposal which she hadn't taken seriously. She knew that James would marry her if things came close to the deadline. She just had to ask and he'd be there for her. But she didn't want to go down that route, knowing that he would soon fall in love with someone and become a wonderful, loving husband to a lucky lady. She just wasn't interested in him that way.

"So you're resorting to name calling?" He backed her up a step, wrapping his arm around her waist and trapping her against the chair. "Why would you even consider marrying a man who doesn't make you feel something more than friendship?" he asked. "Look for someone who..." he started to say one thing, then changed his mind and said, "makes you feel pretty and desirable." He looked down into those soft, vulnerable eyes and swallowed. "You need someone with a firm hand to keep you in line, but also someone who is willing to put up with your somewhat unconventional way of attacking life."

She couldn't breathe, couldn't look away. The way he was looking down at her, with reverence and...wonder? It was almost as if he were wishing that he was the kind of man who could put up with her temperament.

When he reached up and slid a finger down her cheek, she couldn't stop the shiver.

Jessica looked up at him, startled out of her anger by his touch. As he looked down at her, she knew that he was feeling the exact same thing. She looked up, their eyes caught and she held her breath, wondering if he would lower his head and kiss her. For that moment, she wondered what it would be like to be kissed by him, to feel his mouth cover hers with the intent she could see in his eyes.

Just as abruptly as it started, Edward released her and stepped back. He continued to stare at her and Jessica wasn't sure what he was thinking. She thought she saw the surprise in his eyes but it could just be wishful thinking on her part.

"Dinner is waiting," he said softly and turned to face the doorway. As the ultimate gentleman, he extended his arm and waited patiently while she decided to take it or ignore it, apparently unconcerned what her decision might be.

Jessica declined his arm and started out of the room, refusing to give in to his feigned manners. If the man was going to be a cad, he needed to be consistent.

Dinner was delicious, but she sensed a great deal of tension although she wasn't sure why it was so thick or how to dissipate the feeling. She refused to look at Edward, smiling graciously in Julianna and James' direction as they discussed the weather, recent travels, various neighbors and friends who all were acquainted with. There wasn't a single subject of consequence uttered during the entire meal and Jessica was relieved when Beth finally brought in dessert, a fluffy chocolate mousse with a raspberry syrup drizzled over the top.

Unfortunately, no one really did justice to the dessert and by the time coffee was served, the tension had increased exponentially.

"I'm sorry to leave so early," James said around ten o'clock. "But I have an early meeting that I need to prepare for." He set his coffee cup and saucer on the low table and stood up. "Will you see me to the door?" he asked.

Edward immediately stood as well. "I'm afraid we have to head out as well, Jessica. But thank you for an interesting evening," he said politely. Jessica thought he hesitated at the word 'interesting' but wasn't sure.

With a sigh, she walked everyone to the door, thanking them for coming to dinner. When the door closed, she leaned against the thick wood and looked up at the sparkling chandelier that had graced the foyer for decades. "What am I going to do now?" she whispered to the empty room.

Jessica trudged to the dining room and smiled at Beth. Afraid to reveal too much, but needing the advice of the older woman, she decided to get help, at least on how to handle a man who was a completely mystery to her. "So what did you think of Edward?" she asked softly as the two of them cleared the table of the dessert plates.

Beth smiled and picked up the tray. "I think he was a very handsome gentleman."

"And horrible."

Beth shook her head as she shouldered her way into the kitchen area. "I wouldn't be too hasty to dismiss the man. I noticed the anger as well, but I don't think we should jump to conclusions about the man. Also, I'm not so sure he's completely committed to his relationship with the very lovely Lady Holbrook."

Jessica didn't want to hear things like that. She wanted Edward to be marrying the woman tomorrow so that these odd feelings of anger and jealousy, not to mention all those other strange feelings that confused her whenever he was around, would just go away. She mulled the situation over in her mind while the two of them washed the dishes and set the house back to order. Jessica wished she could dismiss Edward, but there was just something about the man that got under her skin.

Lying in bed that night, Jessica went through all the other men she'd met, thinking of any that she might have dismissed prematurely because she was just too preoccupied or might have been comparing the man to....not to Edward, but perhaps someone along the same lines as Edward. Unfortunately, of the ones she remembered, none lived up to her hopes for a man of integrity and strength combined with that shocking awareness. She knew that Edward might be brusque and probably a bit more chauvinistic than she would prefer, but he really was the only man she'd ever met who made her body tingle just from being in the same room with him. She hadn't even known that feeling existed until she'd met him earlier today.

Which didn't bode well for her future marital bliss.

How was she going to do without that spark of excitement? She'd have to double her efforts because she had less than two weeks left. Maybe she should just pick a man and get it over with. Surely there was someone out there who might be interesting? Someone who could give her the same sense of excitement without the disapproval and angry disposition? Or maybe she should just marry a friend with an agreement that they would simply be friends without the intimacy of a normal marriage.

She rolled over and sighed into the darkness. She could do that if she had to, but her sense of right and wrong made that option unpalatable. Marriage wasn't something one went into with that kind of attitude. But did she have an option?

She remembered the day her father had picked her up from school. She'd been eighteen and he'd taken the two hour drive back home to explain that he'd selected her finishing school, after which she would be perfectly prepared for a good marriage. He even had her prospects picked out for her.

Her father thought that, because she was a woman, the best she should aspire to in life was a well placed marriage. Jessica hadn't bowed to his pressure. In fact, she'd already been accepted to the University of London on a full scholarship. She'd defied him that day, telling him that she would attend university even if he disowned her.

This will, his dying declaration, was his final retribution for her defiance. And boy had he gotten her with this one! The man was positively diabolical. She couldn't even yell at him and express her anger and horror over his retribution because he wasn't alive to listen. She was well and truly trapped.

If she married, he would have his final wish and win their argument. If she didn't marry by his deadline, she would prove that women weren't strong enough to handle the responsibility of business. Although how he translated her marriage into women being strong enough was ridiculous.

She rolled over to the other side, kicking the sheets and blankets out of her way. Either way, she lost. All those families, all those people who would wonder how they would pay their mortgage. Her father had preferred hurting people he didn't even know just so he could win this argument and put his only daughter in her place.

And that thought brought her right back to Edward.

Dammit why did her heartbeat have to speed up just thinking about him?

How could she be both excited and furious at the same time about the same man? And why did he have to be so angry all the time? What had she done to provoke his ire in such an extreme way? He didn't appear to be angry when he escorted his previous lady friends to various social functions. At least he didn't appear angry in the photos that she'd viewed on the internet. This was an absurd and untenable situation she was in.

No more ridiculous than her father and his horrible stipulations. She punched her pillow and rolled onto her back. Marriage for her or unemployment for so many families. Her father had worked his will perfectly. He'd tried so hard to control her while he was alive, but he'd always known she had a soft spot for anyone she'd met. He knew she'd never let those people lose their jobs.

Her father honestly thought that a husband would keep her safe and out of trouble. He'd known all her life that she had a rebellious nature. He'd tried to quell it so often throughout her life. But she'd caused too much trouble at boarding school with her antics. Her first taste of freedom and she'd revealed her true nature, one that loved to be free and do crazy things like dancing down the hallways or building secret forts with exclusive club memberships, where she would instigate pranks on the teachers or the boys' school down the street.

This whole mess was her own fault, she thought angrily. If she'd only comported herself befitting her father's wishes, she wouldn't have this deadline, she wouldn't have the weight of all those workers on her shoulders and she would be able to find a job, settle down and live out her life on her own terms.

Chapter 4

Jessica opened her eyes, staring at the phone on her bedside table. Why on earth was the man calling her so early? She stared at the name on the handset, wanting to just ignore the call and go back to sleep. Instead, she pressed the button to accept the call. "Hello?" she greeted the enigmatic man who had haunted her sleep with his dangerous, all-knowing eyes.

"What are your plans for the day?" Edward asked in a demanding, fully awake voice.

"Excuse me?" she asked sleepily, glancing at the clock on the side of her bed. It was barely five o'clock in the morning and she hadn't gotten to sleep until the early hours of the night. She wanted to sleep until noon and then figure out what she was going to do today. She wanted to toss her phone across the room and pull the pillow over her head so she could go back to sleep. What she definitely didn't want to do was force her brain to work and her eyes to open at this crazy hour of the day. Or night, she thought as she peered sleepily at her windows and noticed that the sun wasn't even up yet.

"I asked what your plans were," he repeated, keeping the amusement out of his voice. He'd called her early enough so that he could shift his own schedule if needed. "I have a luncheon today where I can introduce you to several eligible males. Can you be ready by noon?" he asked as he increase the speed on his treadmill. What was it about talking with Jessica, especially when he knew that she was still warm in her bed, probably covered in thick blankets and soft sheets? Did she perhaps sleep in the nude? He cranked up the speed several more notches at that thought, trying to work out his frustration on the treadmill.

Jessica yawned and rolled onto her back, pushing her hair out of her eyes. "Lunch," she repeated, still trying to interpret the word and make sense of this conversation. Did she have lunch plans? She forced her mind to wake up and think about her schedule. She had planned to learn to shoot a handgun today, suspecting that the shooting range would be filled with men who might be strong and interesting. "Umm....no. I don't think I have lunch plans." She wasn't positive about that though. She sighed and rolled onto her back. "Actually Edward, I'm not sure what my lunch plans are today. I'm not even sure if I'm going to eat lunch. I can't look that up because even electronic devices don't work this early in the morning. They need sleep too, you know." She had no idea if they did or didn't work before sunrise and had no intention of finding out.

He smothered his laughter but the amusement at her declaration came through in his tone. "All evidence to the contrary."

"Huh?" she said while yawning at the same time.

"Never mind," he said, unable to stop the laughter. "How about if you pull your cell phone away from your ear for just a moment and check your calendar? I bet it might be up to the challenge of providing your schedule even this early in the morning."

Jessica had no response to that so she did exactly as he instructed. When she'd tapped up her calendar, she peered at the words, finally focusing enough to read what she'd entered for today's schedule. "I was going shooting today," she said with yet another yawn.

There was a long silence while Edward processed that news. "Shooting? As in cameras?" he clarified, pressing the incline button several times, suddenly feeling his stress level increase once again.

She tried to straighten the sheets and blankets on her bed but she wasn't ready to come fully awake yet so she gave up the effort.

"No. Shooting bullets, not a camera."

Another long pause and she pictured him closing his eyes in irritation. "Jessica, are you telling me that you are going to head out and learn to shoot a rifle today?"

She rubbed her eyes, but still wouldn't open them up. If the sun wasn't up, there was no point in her being up either. Sun and Jessica, they were a team, she thought sleepily. "Well, handguns, actually. I wasn't going to tackle rifles. At least not yet."

"You're going to a shooting range?" he asked and increased the speed several more times.

Edward was not going to let her sleep. And truth be told, she was wide awake now, picturing Edward without a shirt on, in just those tight shorts that some runners wore. That image definitely woke her up. "Sure," she sat up, pushing the pillows behind her. "I've always wanted to learn to shoot. Besides, mostly men go to a shooting range, right?" It wasn't just to meet men, she admitted to herself. She wanted to learn to shoot just because she thought it was interesting. What woman wouldn't want to break into the secret world of range shooting and experience all the testosterone in the air? It sounded thrilling, a bit like entering an exclusive men's club. She knew there were many women who knew how to shoot, and she was determined to join their ranks. Today!

Edward shook his head but knew she couldn't see his exasperation over the phone. "You don't need to go to a shooting range, Jessica," he said firmly. "I'll introduce you to eligible men. Just look over your choices and see if anyone sparks any interest."

"I'll do that as well, but this sort of kills two birds with one stone, no pun intended," she joked. "I'm looking for a man and what better way to find one than to go to places where they are the main consumers?"

Edward would have sighed if he had the breath but since he was sprinting now with a fifteen percent incline, he had to concentrate. "Jessica, just meet me for lunch."

She smiled as her brain started waking up. She could hear the worry in his voice and it warmed her heart. "Look, I have less than two weeks until this tedious deadline comes to an end. I have to maximize my time. I can still meet you for lunch and I sincerely appreciate the offer. But I can get to the shooting range this morning and still be ready for lunch by noon. How does that sound?"

"Dangerous. Just meet me for lunch," he repeated. "I'm not kidding, Jessica. No shooting range, understand?"

She laughed out loud, delighted for some reason to disconcert the man who seemed so cool and collected at all times. "You sound like my father, Edward. Don't worry." She paused, hearing a strange sound in the background. "Why are you up so early anyway? And what's that sound?"

"I wake up early in order to work out. The sound is probably my feet hitting the treadmill. I'll see you at noon, Jessica. I'm serous, no shooting range."

"Right, noon," she said and hung up the phone.

Edward tossed his cell phone into the holder next to his water and thought about the conversation he'd just had. He didn't know Jessica very well, but he suspected that she would completely ignore his instruction to stay away from the shooting range. With frustration, he picked up his phone again and dialed Alice. "I need you to find me the shooting range closest to Jessica Mallory's house and cancel my morning appointments," he said when she answered.

Thankfully, Alice was too professional to question his instructions, even bizarre questions like finding a shooting range at five fifteen in the morning. He knew that she would e-mail him the address within the next five minutes, probably along with driving instructions for Tim and various other information about cost and hours along with whatever additional information she suspected he might need.

At seven-thirty, Edward walked down the stairs, took his cup of coffee from his butler and walked out to his car.

"To the office, my lord?" Tim asked, looking at a piece of paper in his hands. His mind was obviously confused by the instructions he'd received from Edward's executive assistant earlier in the morning.

Grimly, Edward shook his head. "Alice has probably sent you the address of a shooting range. We'll go to the office for my eight o'clock meeting, then I'll need you to be ready to head over to the shooting range at nine o'clock. I don't know what time Ms. Mallory will be there, but I need to arrive before her and inspect the weapons to ensure that she is safe and not about to kill herself with some ridiculous idea about learning how to shoot a pistol."

Tim nodded his head, looked back down at the piece of paper, then hurriedly closed Edward's door. He was completely confused, but more than willing to follow orders. He'd worked for Lord Locton for twelve years and never had the man deviated from his schedule except when he took vacations in his Caribbean or Greek homes. And those changes to the man's schedule were even on a schedule; the Caribbean in the springtime and the Greek house in the fall.

Walking around to the driver's seat, Tim went through all the times the man's schedule had changed and could count those instances on one hand with fingers left over. With a smile, he started the car and pulled out from the driveway. This Ms. Jessica was going to be good for Lord Locton, but he suspected there would be fireworks before it was all said and done.

Jessica bit her lower lip, looking up at the sign above the building. It was just a shooting range, she reminded herself.

And this feeling of nervousness, it made her feel alive! She had no idea what was inside that building. It looked benign, but anything could happen. She played this game when she was nervous about something new. She would imagine the worst possible thing, then scoffed at where her ridiculous scenarios would take her. For instance, the worst possible action from her walking into the shooting range was for someone to turn around and shoot her for entering. Since this was a business, and the owners wanted people to come inside and learn to shoot, to use their range in order to increase their skills, she doubted that anyone would shoot a newcomer to their business.

Having gone through that ridiculous scenario, she reached for the handle of her car door, then just about jumped a foot from her seat when someone knocked on her window.

She looked out and saw Edward, surprised and excited despite her admonitions to forget about him after this morning's call. He'd sounded grumpy on the phone and he looked even grouchier now. Looking at him, though, had her mind spinning out of control with crazy ideas about beds and kissing and all sorts of silly things that never should be considered. How could a girl help it though? The man looked like a well dressed Adonis with his expensive suit and Italian blue silk tie knotted precisely at his neck, not even a peek of his white shirt above the knot.

When her lungs were burning, she gasped out, remembering to breathe as he waited for her to open her car door.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, grabbing her purse from the passenger seat and slinging it over her shoulder. She'd dressed for the luncheon today in a red and blue patterned wrap dress with small red earrings and a small, red and blue beaded necklace at her throat.

"I'm here to make sure you don't get killed trying to learn to shoot a gun," he griped and took her arm, pulling her into the building that housed the shooting range. "You're going to have to go home and change before we head to the luncheon anyway."

Jessica looked down at her dress, then back up to him. "Why do I have to change?" She thought the dress was perfect for meeting various men at an old boy's networking luncheon.

He paused at the doorway to glance back down at her lush figure, then pulled his eyes away again. The dress clung lovingly to her full breasts, then tied at her tiny waist before clinging to her sensuous hips. It didn't leave too much to the imagination, in his opinion. He'd seen other women wear dresses like that in the office before but they'd never sparked this kind of lust in him. But then again, no woman sparked this kind of a feeling in him other than Jessica, so it could just be her and had nothing to do with the dress. "That one is too sexy," he growled out before pulling the glass door open for her. He was very proud of himself for not glancing down at her adorable bottom, perfectly on display in that red and blue dress.

He approached the cashier at the counter who was obviously intimidated by the tall, powerful looking man approaching him with a grim expression. "We need two pistols and ammunition," he said to the man behind the counter. "What do you have in a nine millimeter Beretta and..." he paused and picked up Jessica's hand, looking at her fingers and palm, "and maybe a Glock Seventeen?"

The man recognized an authority figure in Edward and quickly reached for the two weapons and two boxes of ammunition. "Do you know how to load these?" he asked, his eyes wide with concern.

"Yes." Edward took one of the weapons, field stripped the piece and laid each part out on the counter while he examined the parts. Once he had seen all the pieces, he re-assembled the pistol and did the same to the other one. The whole time, Jessica stood by, watching in fascination as Edward's hand worked the weapon.

She knew it was primal, but there was just something erotic about a man who could handle a weapon so confidently. She supposed it was survival of the species. If a man knew how to use a weapon, he was more likely to be able to protect his offspring, ensuring that the species continued. But Jessica wasn't a fan of gun ownership. She didn't want one in her house, nor would she ever own a gun. This was all an effort to find a man to marry with the unexpected insight into yet another aspect of Edward's personality. And there was the added adventure of learning a new skill.

"Hold this," he said and handed her the smaller Glock pistol."

Jessica took the black, dangerous looking weapon, then glanced down at the larger Beretta. "Why can't I have that one?" she asked. "It looks more interesting than this one."

Edward refrained from rolling his eyes. "You have a smaller hand. The Beretta is too big for your grip."

She peered over his arm at the larger weapon, then back down at the one she was holding. "I still think the other one would be more..."

"Pay attention, Jessica," Edward commanded and slapped the empty magazine into the magazine well. He pulled the slide back and examined the parts carefully.

She knew when to leave well enough alone, but smiled conspiratorially at the man behind the counter. He immediately smiled back, even blushing slightly and shuffled his feet nervously.

When Edward had done the same examination with the reassembled Beretta, he turned back to the cashier. "These will do," he said grimly. "Come along," he said and led Jessica through the maze of hallways to the back where the aisles were located. "Do you know how to do this?" he asked.

When Jessica only stared up at him and shook her head, he nodded and positioned himself behind her. "Look straight down the barrel through the top two points. They're called sights," he explained and positioned her correctly with her feet staggered and her shoulders angled just slightly. He gave her instructions and Jessica tried very hard to pay attention, impressed with the way he knew all the ins and outs of shooting a pistol. But the problem wasn't with his instruction. It was with his proximity. The way he touched her made her nervous. He stood directly behind her, showing her how to aim, what to look for, how to breathe, to watch her pulse rate.

It was almost as if he were embracing her with his arms around her so closely, but not really touching. It was very erotic, almost in a tantric sort of way. She could smell his spicy aftershave that mixed so well with the smell that was completely Edward and male and just....hot!

When she fired the pistol for the first time, she almost dropped the weapon but Edward was right there to steady her. He stepped behind her, his arms going around her, hugging her as he helped her sight down the pistol. She smiled, feeling warm and secure as he went through the exercise of shooting the pistol. Over and over again, he patiently gave her tips, coming closer to her when she needed help, stepping away when she wanted to try something on her own, but always there to help and advise.

When she got her first bullet on the target, she was so thrilled but remembered to carefully place the weapon on the table in front of her before she spun around, then threw her arms around Edward and jumped up in excitement. He laughed and held her against him, looking down at her with equal excitement.

"I did it!" she exclaimed, so thrilled with her newfound knowledge. "I can't believe I actually hit the target! This is so thrilling! I think I might have to come out here more often."

Edward groaned and shook his head. "Only come out here when I'm with you. Promise me that?" he asked firmly.

Jessica nodded her head, then realized what they were doing. The smile left her face, replaced with surprise, and then awareness. He too changed from amusement to understanding and her body felt his reaction. She knew she should pull away, but they were the only ones in the area this early in the morning and it was ominously quiet after all the shooting moments ago.

"Yes....well..." she said, stepping back and smoothing her skirt down over her hips. "That was quite....exciting," she said awkwardly. She wanted nothing better than to stay in his arms, maybe have him bend lower and kiss her gently. To feel his arms tighten around her. But he wasn't the man for her and besides, he also wasn't a free man and Julianna was a nice woman.

She cleared her throat and stepped back, letting her hands fall to her sides. "I guess that's enough for today," she said and glanced down at her watch. "Goodness! It's already eleven o'clock. Where is this luncheon?" she asked.

Edward also looked down at his watch, wondering how they could have spent two hours shooting this morning. Time had definitely gotten away from him.

"We need to get out of here," he said and slid the magazine out of the pistol, ensuring that there weren't any rounds chambered before he took both pistols back to the front of the store. He handed them back to the manager who inspected them, then led Jessica out into to the autumn sunshine.

"I'll follow you?" she asked.

Edward looked at her Mini Cooper and considered their options. "How about if Tim drives us to the lunch? I'll have someone bring your car back to your house. That will save a bit of time."

Jessica wasn't sure how it would save time, but worse, she had other activities tentatively scheduled for the afternoon. "I'm not coming back to my house this afternoon. I have plans," she replied, not looking up at him now.

Edward looked down at her with something akin to trepidation. "What kinds of plans do you have this afternoon?"

She smiled up at him, feeling proud of her next idea. "I'm going to learn to box."

Edward groaned and shook his head. "You are not going to learn to box, Jessica," he commanded. He took her arm and led her over to the back of the limousine, Tim already holding the door open for the two of them.

Jessica tried to pull her arm away but he held her firmly. "And just why am I not going to learn to box? Lots of men box which means there will be plenty of men at the gym to meet. I think boxing is a very manly sport and it would be exciting to box even if I don't meet any men."

Edward sat down and rubbed his forehead, wondering how he was going to get through the next two weeks if she continued to come up with ideas like boxing and shooting. What might she come up with next? Sword fighting?

"Jessica, can't you just take the traditional route and meet me at social functions?" he asked, his concern for her safety and well being causing a pain to run through the bridge of his nose.

She put a hand on his arm, trying to comfort him, but the intensity of the electricity that shot through the two of them was instant and powerful. She immediately pulled her hand back, but not before Edward looked down at her hand, then into her eyes. The heat was there once again, passionate and obvious and it terrified her. She quickly pulled back and looked out the window, not sure of what was happening between the two of them.

"Of course I can," she said softly, still reeling from the impact of her simple touch on his arm. "But as you're so quick to point out, I have a deadline. I can't mess around with this issue, Edward. I need to meet as many men as possible."

"Not boxing," he countered. He was determined to keep her from going into a boxing ring, his mind already picturing her soft, gentle skin with black and blue bruises all over the lovely surface caused by some idiot trying to show her how to box.

Jessica crossed her arms over her chest and sighed heavily. She wasn't sure what she should do about Edward. Just sitting here next to him was distracting and she couldn't come up with an argument for why boxing would be a good idea. All the things she'd thought about this morning were out the window because he was nearby. Maybe she shouldn't tell him what her plans were each day. He looked a bit anxious about her ideas.

Besides, she had liked him showing her how to shoot the pistol too much. She liked the way he came close, his body almost pressing against hers as he wrapped his arms around her. She moved in her seat and looked out the window, sighing at the scenery passing by.

She wanted to question him, to see if he felt any of the tension she was feeling or if it was all one sided but in the end, she didn't want to know. She might have the courage to pick up a conversation with a complete stranger, but she didn't have that kind of courage when it came to Edward. He was just too big, too intimidating and she cared too much about his answer.

The luncheon was a total waste of her time. The men at the meeting were older, the youngest being in his late fifties. It was a meeting of chief executive officers of various companies around the city who congregated occasionally to talk shop. There were several other wives that Jessica could talk to while the men discussed business, but even Edward realized that the meeting wasn't a productive atmosphere for her purposes. She smiled to him each time he looked in her direction, but for the most part, she sat and talked with the women, listening to their stories about their grandchildren and the issues of being married to a man with so much responsibility. Many of the women complained that they rarely got to see their husbands, and some even relished the nights he was gone or the weeks when their husbands were out of town.

Jessica looked over at Edward, surrounded by several other older men, none of whom were even close to his height or had his air of confidence. All of them seemed to be asking his advice and she admired him for his patience in dealing with people she suspected he didn't really like.

But she also knew that, if she were married to Edward, she wouldn't be excited when he was gone. She thought back to the shooting range only hours ago, the way he held his arms around her and how it made her feel. She shivered at the memory, wondering what it would be like to have his arms around her for other reasons, personal and intimate reasons. If anything, she would resent his time away from her, the times when he wouldn't come home and put his arms around her or hold her at night while they slept.

She sighed, despondent that she had so little time and only one man who attracted her. And that man's personality was just....wrong for her. Completely right for some woman, but not in her case.

By the following evening, her sentiments were completely different. Jessica wished she'd never even heard of Edward Livingston. As she descended the stairs in her black evening gown, her eyes searched for and found him at the bottom of the staircase. But instead of the look of admiration she was hoping to find on his handsome features, all she saw was...irritation?

She wanted to run back up the stairs, or run down them and kick him in the shins for his reaction. What was wrong with her dress? The simple, black crepe was perfectly appropriate for the evening.

She'd tried so hard to look nice tonight and all he did was glare at her as she continued to approach. She'd thought the black crepe dress with the unadorned neckline was exactly what he would prefer, something that made her look respectable and, hopefully, elegant. So why was he staring at her like she'd just slapped him across the face.

"What the hell are you wearing?" he demanded when she reached the bottom stair.

Jessica looked down at the black dress and glared right back at him, refusing to be intimidated by him any longer. She crossed her arms over her chest, leaning forward slightly to emphasize her anger at his reaction to her wardrobe choice. "I thought we were attending a charity ball tonight."

With his hands on his hips, he glared down at her. "We are. So why are you dressed for a funeral?"

That infuriated her. "What's wrong with my dress?"

He stepped forward and shook his head. "Are you the same woman who showed up in red cowboy boots just a few days ago?" he demanded.

She gasped and leaned back, her anger increasing to fury at the possibility that he might be insulting her favorite shoes. "What's wrong with my cowboy boots?" she growled back at him. Her arms were no longer crossed over her body, they were by her sides, her hands fisted beside her while she tried to control her anger.

"Nothing is wrong with them. They fit your personality perfectly. So go put them on!" he snapped right back at her.

Jessica was so stunned by his command that she simply looked up at him for a long moment before she burst out laughing. "Red cowboy boots with a black crepe dress? Seriously?"

He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "You know what I mean," he replied. A moment later, he grabbed her hand and pulled her back up the stairs. It took him several tries but he finally located her bedroom. "Why aren't you sleeping in the master bedroom?' he demanded when he finally opened the door where she obviously was sleeping.

"That's my parents' room," she said softly, standing in the middle of her bedroom, afraid of what he might deduce from the crazy riot of colors all over every available surface in her bedroom. "What are you doing?" she asked when he started picking up one dress after another. She'd had so much trouble trying to decide what to wear tonight, afraid of being too brash, but not wanting to look dowdy either. She wanted so badly to impress Edward and now he was staring at the results of her angst.

"I'm trying to find something that is more 'you'," he snapped. When he saw the green and butter yellow dress that had been tossed onto the back of a chair, he lifted it into his arms to survey the design and then nodded. "Here, put this on."

Jessica absolutely loved this dress but knew it was slightly outrageous and the low V in the front might raise some eyebrows. "This isn't really a charity ball kind of gown," she said cautiously, looking up at him with concern as she held the soft material in her hands. "Are you sure that you want me to wear this one?"

Actually, he didn't want her to wear it. He wanted her to be wearing nothing at all. He wanted to slide his hands over her figure and learn all the places on her body that made her gasp with excitement. "Yes. Go put it on. I'll wait and see if it works. If not, then we'll get something else."

Jessica waited for him to leave her bedroom, but when he simply stood there waiting, eyebrows raised in challenge, she huffed and walked into her bathroom.

Jessica put the dress on, letting it slither over her figure. The top was a bit risque, with her larger than average breasts pushing against the fabric, the low cut of the V neck revealing the inside swells before it flowed down in gentle waves to the floor. She loved the way the dress made her skin look soft and pale while it deepened the color of her hair. But wasn't it too sexy for a formal charity ball?

She shrugged and decided to enjoy the night. If someone else didn't like her dress, they could just gossip behind her back. She loved dancing and maybe there would be some man at the event tonight who would get her mind off of Edward's obnoxious behavior. At the very least, she'd find someone who would treat her with more respect! He'd practically shoved her into the bedroom and ordered her to take off the dress.

She stepped out of the bathroom, taking a deep breath as she waited for his reaction. She was braced for him to tell her to change back into the boring, black dress. But as she stood in the bathroom doorway, all he did was look at her. From the top of her hair to the tips of her toes peeking out underneath the chiffon hemline. She actually blushed when his eyes hesitated at the cleavage revealed by the low neckline, but he only nodded his head when he was finished. "That's better," he finally said. "Let's go."

She pulled her hand out of his and shook her head. "Why didn't you like the black one?" she asked, seriously wanting to understand this man. "I thought you would like it and approve of it, although why I would even want your approval is beyond me!"

He stepped closer once again, his eyes hot and angry. "Why are you trying to be someone you're not?" he demanded with a low, terrifying voice. "You're a beautiful woman. You shouldn't be hiding in a black dress."

She was so stunned by his comment she wasn't sure exactly how to respond. She stood there looking up at him, her eyes confused. "You think I'm beautiful?" she asked softly.

He reached up, his fingers about to touch her but he hesitated. "You know that you are," he replied with a husky voice and let his hand drop back to his side. He stood there looking down at her without moving for a long moment. When she didn't push him away, his head lowered slightly. Then another fraction of an inch and Jessica's breath froze. She should pull away, she should run and hide. But she did neither. She just stood there, her mouth open slightly in anticipation of whatever he might do. And she was very much hoping he would kiss her, that she could find out what it would be like to be kissed by Edward.

When his lips finally touched hers, she gasped and pulled back slightly. He watched her, saw her eyes widen, then drop to his mouth. That mouth was more temptation than a man should ever have to endure, he thought. He watched in fascination as her tongue slipped out and touched her lips, moistening the enticing bottom lip and he felt like a man drowning. He couldn't pull back, but bent lower once again and kissed her with all the passion that had been building up since she'd bounced through the police station with those cowboy boots on.

She was freshness and light in what had suddenly become a dreary life. It hadn't been dreary until she'd burst into his office and gave him sunshine. He hadn't even realized that he'd been missing this kind of light. And now, standing here, experiencing those soft lips moving against his, tasting her sweet nectar, he couldn't stop himself from taking another taste. And then another.

When he reached down and pulled her closer, he almost groaned at how perfectly she fit against him. Her soft breasts pressed against his chest and her stomach cradled him perfectly as his body reacted almost violently to her incredible softness. He wanted her and in the back of his mind, he knew that there was a bed right behind them. He could lift her up and he could bury himself in her sweet body, to find out what she tasted like all over.

He pulled back and looked down at her. Those lips were glistening with moisture and he just about went back for another taste. But at that moment, sanity returned to him and he remembered where they were, who she was and what they needed to accomplish.

She was freshness and light. He was darkness and schedules. He couldn't do anything with this woman because he would just drag her down and she would eventually lose that light that was so important to who she was.

No, it was better if he got her married. Fast. To someone who would suit her better.

"We have to go," he said and cleared his throat. He stepped back, watching hungrily as her eyes focused and she remembered their evening ahead. "Julianna is probably wondering where we are."

Jessica shook her head, trying to regain her composure. Never in her life had she ever experienced a kiss like that. And here he was, stepping back as if nothing had changed. As if nothing had really happened.

He took her hand and led her down the stairs quickly. Thankfully, she was wearing gold, strappy sandals which matched the dress. They had been her one resistance to the old world decorum of the boring black. Not that he would notice, she thought with confusion and rising anger. Why had he kissed her, only to turn around and just pretend like the embrace hadn't happened?

They drove through the night and Jessica tried desperately to figure out what to say, to start some sort of conversation with the strange man sitting next to her in the darkened limousine. She wanted to ask him why he'd kissed her and....no, she didn't want to know if it would happen again. Where was the gentle man of the day before? The man who had coached her through her first pistol lesson and winked at her when he caught her staring at him during the luncheon? This man was a grouchy stranger who she couldn't figure out, who had kissed her as if he wanted more, then turned around and acted so....she sighed, not really understanding what had happened.

He was staring out the window into the black night, looking pensive and absorbed in his thoughts. So she gave up the struggle and just sat there, occasionally looking over at his strong profile but unable to figure out what he might be thinking.

"I'll go get Julianna," he said as the vehicle pulled up to another house. "I'll just be a moment." He didn't wait for her response, but stepped out of the car even before Tim could move around to open the door for him.

Julianna opened the front door when he answered and Jessica had to sit there seething with jealousy as he spoke to the lovely blond woman for a long moment. What were they saying? She wanted to rush out and rip Julianna's hand out of his, but she remained silently still in the vehicle. She didn't even scream when Edward bent to kiss Julianna on the cheek. It was a chaste kiss, but Jessica was still furious that he'd dragged her up to her room when he first saw her and demanded that she change dresses, kissed her senseless while the lovely Julianna received a much more gentlemanly reception.

And to make matters worse, Julianna was wearing a perfectly elegant black dress with a rhinestone collar. Jessica had to admit that the woman looked exceptionally lovely tonight and the black was an ideal foil for her blond beauty. Edward seemed perfectly content to have Julianna in a black dress while he'd forced her to change clothes. The nerve of that man!

"Good evening, Jessica. You look absolutely stunning tonight," Julianna said as Edward helped her into the back.

Jessica smiled, wishing she could hate the woman but she was just too nice. "You look pretty fantastic in that gorgeous black dress. Black seems to be the perfect color for a formal event, don't you think?" she said, turning to Edward with a pointed look.

Julianna laughed and caught the look Jessica shot towards him but didn't understand what was happening. "I'm guessing there's a hidden meaning to that question, but yes. Black does seem to be the easiest color for a formal night."

Edward's only response was a raised eyebrow in Jessica's direction before he turned back to Julianna. "How did the auction go?" he asked, referring to the antiques she'd put up for auction as a way to generate interest.

"It went wonderfully, as you fully know," she laughed. "Thank you for suggesting the venue. It generated a great deal more interest than usual so I'm again in your debt. Is there anything you're not impressively good at doing?"

They discussed the details of the auction and the aftermath of interest it generated during the rest of the drive to the ball. Jessica knew almost nothing about antiques except what was contained in her father's house. She preferred viewing people versus objects, finding their emotions and reactions much more interesting.

The event was in full swing when Tim pulled up to the stairs leading to the museum where the ball was being held. Jessica realized that she had no idea what the event was about and was ashamed. She should be more involved in the world and she should at least be aware of what charity was helping her find a husband. Jessica accepted that she was being a bit too self-centered lately. She wasn't the only one with problems and she needed to be more aware of what was happening in the world.

If only her father hadn't given her this dratted deadline, and he hadn't put the weight of so many workers' employment on her shoulders! Every time she thought of it, she wondered how her father could be so archaic. Just because she had defied him, he'd trapped her in this horrible situation.

Tim was standing beside the door, offering a hand to Julianna and then to Jessica. Edward stood on the first step with Julianna's hand on his arm and he turned to wait for Jessica to step out of the car.

Jessica stopped before stepping onto the curb to talk to the driver. "Thanks Tim. How's Jeremy doing today? Will the doctors let him get the cast off yet?"

Tim bowed his head, maintaining his stiff demeanor, but Jessica saw the emotion in the older man's eyes. "He's doing much better, Ms. Mallory. His cast came off today and he's chomping at the bit to climb that darn tree again."

Jessica laughed and laid her hand on his forearm. "Goodness, that must be a chore for Samantha to deal with. I'm sure she's going just a bit insane from Jeremy's constant questions, isn't she?"

Tim laughed softly and nodded. "That she is!"

"Tell her I'll stop by and give her a break tomorrow so she can go out and have some question-free time, okay?"

Tim's eyes showed his appreciation for her offer but he shook his head. "No need Ms. Jessica. But I appreciate your offer."

"Nonsense. Everyone needs some time alone. I'll be over about noon so she can have a lunch out. Jeremy and I will have a great time together. He's a great kid."

Edward looked from his driver to Jessica as she approached. "Who is Samantha and why does a boy named Jeremy have a cast?" he demanded as he extended his other arm for her.

Jessica slipped her hand onto his arm, allowing only her fingertips to touch the expensive material of his tuxedo. "Samantha is his daughter and Jeremy is his ten year old grandson who was climbing a tree last month and fell, breaking his arm in two places. He's pretty rambunctious but he's extremely bright."

Edward looked down at the stunning woman on his arm and shook his head. He hadn't even been aware that Tim had children, much less grandchildren. Nor was he aware that the man's grandson had been in an accident. "How do you know this?" Tim had been his driver for as long as he could remember so it would make sense that the man had a family and a life outside of driving him around the city.

She looked up at him, her chocolate brown eyes hurt and still confused by that kiss followed by the way he had basically ignored her completely afterwards. She didn't understand the rules he played by, which was yet another reason to stay as far away from him as she could. "I had breakfast with Martha yesterday and Jeremy came by, excited to show his grandmother his cast-less arm. He's very funny."

Edward made a mental note to tell Alice to send over additional help for Tim's daughter. But before he could say anything else on the subject, even a thank you for giving him the information that one of his employee's grandchildren was out of sorts, the lights and music of the ballroom broke through. He went through the introductions to the host and hostesses and all the formal rituals of any event, slowly making their way into the main ballroom.

As soon as he entered the crowded room, he spotted the one man he'd been trying to avoid. Before he could even lower his head to Jessica's and warn her not to dance with James Cavanaugh, the man approached Julianna.

He bowed to Jessica and winked at her with a teasing look. "Good evening, Jessica. You look ravishing tonight." He turned to Edward and nodded politely, but then his eyes immediately skimmed to the blond on Edward's other arm.

"Lady Holbrook, I was hoping you might be able to assist me with an important issue," he said to Julianna before turning to Edward. "Do you mind if I take one of these lovely ladies off of your hands for a moment?" he asked.

Since he'd already taken possession of Julianna's free hand and was pulling her into the crowd, there wasn't much Edward could say. Edward had to admit that he was mostly relieved that James wasn't trying to take Jessica away from him. He would have had something to say about that, he knew. Julianna could take care of herself though. He'd been with her when other men had been too forward and she had them all eating out of the palm of her hand, apologizing profusely for being impertinent or out of line. James would be putty in her hands in moments if he did anything obnoxious.

Jessica on the other hand, she had those soft, brown eyes that showed her innocence. She liked people too much, he told himself. James would take advantage of her kind and generous nature. Edward had to prevent that, especially after the previous dinner when the man had been hanging on her every word.

He refused to admit that the kiss less than a half hour ago had changed his perception of the woman. He wasn't being possessive, he told himself. He hadn't liked James the first time he'd met him so this was nothing new. Besides, he'd already told Jessica that the man wasn't right for her.

After that kiss, he wished that he was the right man though.

"Let's move over here to the side," Edward said gruffly, leading Jessica to a relatively clear area. "I know there are several men here tonight who would be good candidates for you."

Jessica sighed wearily. Wasn't there any way to avoid this idiocy? How could he kiss her one moment, then push her towards other men the next? But even as she stood there next to Edward, several people wandered closer. Everyone wanted to talk with Edward it seemed and Jessica stood by his side, watching everyone interact with him. She had to admire the way he handled everyone. They all wanted tips on which stocks to buy or which companies to watch. But Edward wouldn't give them that information, carefully steering the conversation towards various other subjects.

Jessica's boredom was already well established as she sipped champagne and looked around the room. There were so many people, all dressed up and eager to pretend that the world could be righted by their simple presence and donation here tonight. She wondered how many people even remembered what the charity was for.

"William," Edward was saying to one man about Jessica's age who looked like he was three inches taller and twenty pounds lighter than she was. His tuxedo was well made, but there was really no way a tailor could make a man that thin look good in anything. "Jessica is bored by all of this business talk. Would you mind taking her out onto the dance floor?" he suggested.

William was more than eager to dance and Jessica looked back at Edward as if he'd lost his mind. He was actually thinking she could be attracted to a man like this? Maybe if he gained fifty pounds of muscle and had a fabulous orthodontist! The man's teeth had gaps and angles that just shouldn't be in a grown man's mouth!

William took her hand and tucked it into his elbow, excited to be leading her out onto the dance floor. He chatted on about so many subjects it was hard to keep up but at least it was better than standing next to Edward as the other women flirted outrageously with him. Even the older women were batting their lashes in his direction and she really hated that.

Besides, she found that there was something wonderful and interesting about everyone. She looked at William and smiled, trying to keep up with his almost stream-of-consciousness conversation.

Dancing also gave her a chance to look around at the other guests. Standing next to Edward, he was so tall and his shoulders so broad that it was hard to see around him. He also protected her, consciously or not, by placing her against the wall and his large body to the side of her so the only people she could see were the ones directly in front of her.

She was startled when she looked around and found Edward. That in itself wasn't so strange since he was so much taller than everyone else in the room. It was the fact that he was standing with that pretty brunette woman and they were having a very heated discussion. The woman appeared to be just as angry as he was but Edward's body language was much more intimidating. When the woman gestured towards Jessica's direction, she felt a strange sense of tension float her way. What was going on between those two and why were they arguing in this crowd?

Jessica felt mildly reassured when the other woman walked away, storming out of the ballroom with her head held high. She had no idea who had won the argument, but the brunette was leaving with her dignity intact.

She had lost the thread of what William was saying but, when the other woman was gone, she turned back to the younger man and tried to listen. Thankfully, his conversation didn't really require any kind of response from her end, so she surveyed the other guests, smiling to some that she knew and nodding to any of the handsome men she passed by. When the song ended, she was flattered when a handsome, dark haired man approached. "May I have the next dance?" he asked.

Jessica immediately put her hand into his outstretched one and agreed, leaving the chatty William behind. "I'm Jerry," he said as he swung her out into the crowd.

"Jessica," she replied with a smile. The man was only about two inches taller than she was so it was easy to look at him while they danced. She found out that Jerry was an up and coming lawyer who was in town on business, staying with his aunt and uncle. While they danced, she heard about his case load and several of his family members and Jessica laughed with him about some of his stories about growing up with a large family.

They were talking about their latest vacations when someone tapped Jerry on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, but she's with me tonight," Edward said with finality.

Edward didn't wait for the man to respond, but simply took Jessica's hand and spun her around so that she was in his arms.

Jessica gasped as he pulled her close and she tried to focus, but her mind was spinning out of control. Being this close to the man was shocking and she absolutely loved being in his arms. His spicy aftershave made her heart race and her nostrils tingle. She worried that he would notice her breathlessness, but tried to hide it by staring straight ahead, which happened to be the middle of his chest. Not good, she told herself. She wanted to pull her hand out of his and rest her palm against his chest, to smooth her fingers down the front of his silk tuxedo shirt, feel his muscles.

Her mind whirled with the possibilities and she almost stumbled as he turned unexpectedly. He didn't let her though, his strong, muscular arms tightening around her waist and pulling her closer, exactly where she wanted to be. And unfortunately, exactly where she shouldn't be.

"Relax," he said softly, his voice deeper as he held her slightly closer.

She tried, but it was impossible to relax in this particular man's arms. He was too strong, too muscular, too overwhelmingly male for her to relax. And she'd longed for this moment for so long, she wanted to both savor the feeling as well as move closer and revel in the way his arms wrapped around her. She wanted to remember every moment so when she was married to a man she only liked, and was barely attracted to, she could curl up in the dark and re-live this moment.

As the music ebbed and flowed, she loved the way Edward held her, moved her and guided her through the steps. She knew exactly what he was going to do moments before he did it and she felt as if they were somehow connected. Their dancing was so perfect, so smooth and wonderful she didn't want to ever leave this ballroom. She could be happy for the rest of her life just dancing in his arms and feeling like she was dancing on a fluffy, white cloud.

"I should introduce you to Michal Fitzhugh," Edward said, his deep voice vibrating against her body.

His words were so counter to what she'd been thinking that they snapped her out of her dream and her wounded eyes looked up to his. "Michael?" she asked, not sure how he could possibly bring up another man at a time like this.

"He's the son of Lord Fitzhugh, a very old and distinguished family," Edward continued. He cleared his throat and looked over her head.

Jessica was more hurt than she wanted to admit. She pulled back, her face trying to hide the pain she was feeling. The music stopped at that moment and she stepped out of Edward's arms, giving herself space and time before she reacted to Edward pushing her back into another man's arms.

"Michael," Edward called out and Jessica was startled that the introduction was going to take place immediately. She'd assumed that there would at least be time for her to recover while Edward found the gentleman in question but apparently the man had been standing directly behind them.

A younger man with blond hair and a bright smile turned to face Edward. "Good evening, my lord. It's a pleasure to see you again," the man said as he took Edward's hand, bowing to ingratiate himself.

"Good to see you again." Edward paused and looked down at Jessica. "I was hoping you could do me a favor. I need to discuss something with an acquaintance I just saw but would you mind dancing with Ms. Mallory in my place?"

Michael looked over at Jessica and his eyes lit up even more brightly. "It would be my honor, my lord," he said and extended his hand to Jessica.

Jessica looked up at Edward and realized that he was already moving off, not even looking at her so she turned back to Michael and placed her hand in his. "I guess you're the unlucky sap who gets the chore of dancing with me next, eh?" she joked, trying to make light of the way she'd basically been dumped unceremoniously onto another man. She glanced at Edward's retreating back and wished she had something to throw at him. Wouldn't that be embarrassing, she thought with a secret smile?

"I consider it a huge honor to dance with such a beautiful lady," he replied, smiling and bowing over Jessica's hand in a very old fashioned manner.

He took her into his arms and held her about as far away as he could while still touching her and she almost laughed at how ludicrous they looked. "So what do you do, Michael?" she asked, trying to put him at ease.

"I...uh...manage my family's estate," he finally said, reacting as if she'd just thrown him off of his count. Which she had, she realized a moment later when the man stepped on her toes, then bent down to apologize profusely.

Jessica felt sorry for the man and smiled, pretending that her toe wasn't in pain. "And where is your family's home?"

"In Westchester," he nodded.

"Do you like it out there?"

"Lovely area," he replied succinctly.

Jessica finally took the hint and stopped talking. The man really did need to count to the beat of the music in order to dance. She liked him in a sort of wounded puppy sort of way. When the dance ended, Jessica took his hand assertively and thanked him for the dance. "You're wonderful and I sincerely appreciate your time. I'm off to find Edward again," she lied and left before he could argue with her, or start up a conversation that might cause him to lose count of his toes this time.

She was heading towards the bathrooms, wanting just a few minutes alone to check on her toes when a man stepped out in front of her. "Michael is an idiot," the handsome man said. "I'm Jacob Maloney," he explained and took Jessica's hand in his warm one. "I apologize for my classmate and hope that you'll give me the chance to help you recover from his ineptitude."

Jessica laughed and shook her head. "Whereas Michael might be a wee bit awkward, I believe you might be too smooth for my taste, sir."

He took it with good humor, and slapped a hand against his chest. "Say it isn't so! You're too gorgeous to just ignore though. So give me a chance and maybe I'll bumble along for a few steps. Will that make you feel better?"

Jessica laughed again, delighted with his charm even though she wasn't falling for it one little bit. "If you step on my toes, I get to stab yours with my heel," she warned, putting her hand into his in a non-verbal agreement to dance with him.

He glanced at her feet and viewed her spike heels with trepidation. "You drive a hard bargain but you're beauty is too amazing for me to not risk personal injury. I accept your terms," he said and tucked her hand on his elbow, leading her out onto the dance floor once again. They had gone only one circle around the dance floor when Jacob looked over his shoulder. Once again, Edward stood there, looming over the smaller man like a furious mountain.

"Your father is looking for you Jacob," Edward said and didn't even wait to be polite but took Jessica's hand. Without another word, he took Jessica into his arms and danced away from the stunned younger man. No explanation, no teasing to ease the situation, just an abrupt end which left the man standing in the middle of the other dancers, leaving him to awkwardly make his way to the side of the dance floor.

"That was rude!" Jessica snapped at him.

"Jacob is a notorious flirt. He's completely wrong for you."

She couldn't believe what she was hearing. She pulled out of his arms and left him standing there just as he'd done to Jacob a moment later.

Edward wasn't the same kind of man though and she should have known better to try it with him. Edward grabbed her arm and pulled her right back into his arms, locking her in place and continuing the dance. They were getting curious stares from the other dancers, but Jessica didn't care. She was so furious with him she couldn't speak for a long moment.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" she demanded when he pulled her closer to him.

"Keep your voice down. And realize that we're dancing if it's such a mystery to you."

"We are not dancing! You are dragging me around against my will. I'm sure there's an issue with kidnapping here."

"In public?" he laughed and shook his head. "Be real, Jessica."

Jessica tried to pull out of his arms once again but he pulled her tighter, molding her against him and she gasped, looking up into his eyes. She saw the fire in his eyes and shook her head. "You're not playing fair."

"I never play fair. I play to win." He glared right back at her and finally said, "Please explain to me why I leave you with a perfectly acceptable man and every time I turn around, I find you with a man who is the complete opposite of who you should be conversing with? The two men I've pulled you away from would be more than happy to share your bed, Jessica, but they won't marry you. Not even for all of your father's money. So focus on the assignment!"

The music ended and in typical Edward fashion, he turned to politely applaud the musicians. She took that moment to escape, walking away from him as quickly as she could in the opposite direction.

Before she could get more than a few steps, Edward was right beside her, guiding her over to the edge of the ballroom. "What's going on with you, Jessica?" he asked, his face a mask of indifference but she could see the anger in his eyes.

She stared up at him for a stunned moment, then it came to her. He really didn't get it. He had absolutely no clue what kind of man she was interested in. She was twenty-five years old, forced to marry or have thousands of people lose their jobs and the only part of this situation that can make it palatable is to find someone she's attracted to. And he was intent on shoving boring or irritating men in her direction.

"Do you honestly believe that either of the men you've pushed on me might be interesting companions for the rest of my life?" she asked, wondering what he might think about marriage and her prospects in general.

"I think they are good, solid men who would be happy to have you."

She blinked. "Okay, do you think I would be happy to have them?"

He crossed his arms over his chest, shrugging slightly. "I honestly have no idea what kind of man interests you. But I think you should stick to probable candidates instead of the ones who are just out for an easy conquest."

She was fed up with him and his obtuseness. Poking him in the chest with her forefinger, she leaned up to him, trying to emphasize her anger. "Why don't you just leave me alone and let me go about this my own way. I refuse to let you convince me that I'm some sort of horrible leper or an ugly bug that needs to be married off to the first available man who can stomach me. I put more value on myself than you do and think that my prospects are much better than men who step on my toes and can't dance and talk at the same time, or some guy who has mother issues. So just stay out of this!"

She started to turn around and walk away, but once again, he stopped her and turned her back so she was facing him. This time though, he had her back up against the ballroom wall and he was looming over her. She tried to pretend it didn't impact her, but this side of Edward was downright intimidating. "No, Jessica. This is the way it's going to work. I took on this task and I'm going to see it through whether you like it or not. We're going to get you married to someone who will treat you well and who you have a small amount of affection for and you're going to go about your life making babies or traveling or whatever else it is that you want to accomplish in this world. While that is happening, you're going to listen to my advice and honestly assess the men I introduce you to."

"And if I don't like them at all?"

"You mean after you've given them a fair chance to represent themselves?"

She bristled at the implication that she hadn't given the previous two men a chance to show off their best sides. But she didn't think either of them had a good side so she had no qualms about dismissing them. "I think I give everyone a fair chance before I know whether I am attracted to them or not."

He looked at her lovely features, those soft, brown eyes looking up at him like he'd just kicked her new puppy and he felt like an absolute heel. Relenting slightly, he stepped back and rubbed a hand over his face briefly. "How about if we get through tonight and I'll introduce you to as many men as I know? You can also point out any men who look interesting and if I know them, I'll make the introductions. If I don't know them, I'll find out who they are, do some research on them and get back to you. Tomorrow, I'll pick you up for lunch and you can go into more details about the kind of man you find attractive and we can continue this search. Is that acceptable?" he asked wearily.

"No! That's not acceptable! I refuse to be a charity case, Edward," she hissed.

She started walking out of the ballroom, grateful that most of the other guests were already in the dining room so her exit was easier since the crowd had thinned so much.

She made it all the way out of the building before Edward stopped her. "Where the hell do you think you're going?" he demanded.

Jessica glared right back at him, but refused to answer him. Instead, she stepped to the curb and raised her hand, intending to catch a cab and go home. A good book would be more pleasurable than this kind of treatment.

"Stop it," Edward growled. A moment later Tim pulled up and Edward almost pushed her into the back seat. When the limousine was pulling away, he turned to face the spirited woman beside him. "Now explain to me why you're so upset!"

Jessica wasn't sure how she could explain it if the man really were that obtuse. "I can't believe that you could kiss me one moment, then shove me into the arms of another man the next. Doesn't that seem like a bad sort of evening to you?"

He rubbed his hand over his face in frustration and nodded. "You're right. I apologize."

She was so livid, she didn't even see the warning signs. All she knew was that she was hurt and confused and she wanted to be away from the man who was causing these feelings to overwhelm her. "Just leave me alone, Edward!" she snapped and turned away from him.

"That's just the problem, isn't it?" he snapped right back at her.

Jessica was just about to turn back to him and ask him to explain but she felt his hands on her upper arms. The next thing she knew, she was on his lap, his hand dislodging the pins in her hair as he grabbed her and kissed her as if there were no tomorrow. Jessica wasn't sure what was going on. She just knew that he was kissing her and everything else was secondary. Her own hands reached up and held his head, needing something to steady herself while the hurricane of Edward's kiss hit her full on.

While one hand stayed in her hair, pulling her head back so he had better access, his other hand reached down, his arm circling her waist. She gasped when she felt his body against hers once again. It was one thing when they were dancing but when she had the double hit of him kissing her as well she was breathless and that crazy desire swelled up within her, almost choking her with the need to touch him as well.

She moved her hands from his head to his shoulders, sliding underneath the black dinner jacket, feeling his muscles move and flex against her hands. Down his back, his chest, she felt him everywhere but it wasn't enough. She unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt and slid her hands inside, stunned by the heat of his skin and the light layer of hair spread across his chest.

Suddenly he was no longer kissing her. The air around her was cooler and she didn't understand. They had arrived back at her house apparently. But she didn't need to think about it too much since Edward practically lifted her out of the back of the car, carrying her inside. He unlocked the door for her, then slammed the door as soon as they were inside. He didn't stop there though. He lifted her into his arms, bringing her back up the stairs and into her bedroom.

Jessica should be embarrassed by the mess of dresses all over her bedroom, but he didn't give her a chance for anything other than himself, his touch and his kiss. He slammed her bedroom door as well, then carried her over to the bed, placing her beside it and then pulling her against him as he kissed her once again.

This time, he didn't stop at her waist when he touched her. His hands deftly found the zipper on the side of her dress and lowered it, looking into her eyes the whole time as if he were waiting for her to tell him to stop. But she couldn't say a word. Of all the times he'd touched her in the past few days, there had been some crazy feeling that swamped her, made her cry out and she wanted him so painfully despite how different they were. Those issues didn't rise up to her consciousness. All that she knew was that Edward was touching her, kissing her and making her mind more than a little crazy.

When her dress fell to the floor, she stood before him in just her underwear and her gold, strappy sandals. Initially, she was embarrassed but as she looked up at him, the heat in his eyes changed her feelings to pride. He wanted to look at her, his eyes were touching her and the feeling was almost physical.

And then his hands were on her, his fingers sliding up her stomach, along her ribs and his palms cupped her breasts. She gasped when his thumb gently rubbed over her already hardened nipple and she swayed, her hand reaching out to hold onto the bed post. "Don't stop," she whispered, her eyes closed and her mouth open slightly in amazement that one's body could feel so incredible.

"No chance of that," he growled and lifted her into his arms, placing her in the middle of the bed and his hands slid down her sides, touching her everywhere along the way. She wiggled as he smoothed down her stomach and gasped as his fingers left a trail of fire along her legs.

Edward couldn't believe how incredibly sexy Jessica looked right at this moment. She was perfect, her long, slender legs, her tiny waist and those breasts that a man could happily die for a taste. He didn't hesitate a moment longer, leaning down and taking the nipple in his mouth, sucking, biting, loving the hard nub. He didn't relent until she was groaning and her fingers actually knotted in his hair. But he stopped only long enough to move to the other breast, giving it equal attention.

She was rocking her hips slightly, her legs moving along his sides and he quickly realized that this whole process would be much more enjoyable if he didn't have this dinner suit on.

He lifted himself up and tore his clothes off, adding them to the colorful rainbow that was already scattered about the room although his landed on the floor while at least her dresses were on the chair and the other furniture.

As he looked down at this amazing beauty, his hand slid up her leg starting at the arch of her foot, across her calf, higher and higher until he reached his goal. "Open for me, Jessica," he commanded with his deep voice, made huskier with the lust surging through him. "I need to touch you everywhere."

Jessica didn't think about his command, she reacted to it. Her legs opened slightly, almost embarrassed by what he was asking of her but she'd read enough to know how this works and she was so turned on by the way he was looking at her and the way he touched her that she soon became more confident. She gave him the access, then arched her back, closing her eyes as his fingers slid inside her body. When his thumb rubbed against that nubbin, she gasped and her hands fisted on the thick comforter below her.

As his fingers worked their magic, Jessica's mouth dropped open again. She tried to make a sound, but she wasn't sure if anything came out. Her body was in control and everything seemed to be spinning, every particle focused on his fingers and the movement, the friction as he slid them in and out and her legs widened to give him better access. As soon as she tilted her hips, pressing against that magic thumb of his, her body exploded shooting sparks of fire and electricity to every cell in her body. The throbbing went on and on, nothing in focus, just pure bliss.

When the wave slowed to a dull throb of pleasure, she opened her eyes and looked up, only to see Edward's face looking down at hers. He wasn't smiling. In fact, he looked just as grim as he normally did but with small beads of perspiration forming on his upper lip and forehead. She reached her hand up and curled her body into his side, smiling at him despite his grouchy expression. "That was incredible," she sighed and kissed his neck.

The feeling of their naked bodies pressed together made her previously sated self feel no longer quite so sated. Her fingers flew across his chest, exploring the textures that had been out of reach just moments ago as he'd stood beside the bed looking down at her. Now that he was on her level, she was taking her pleasure in discovering what he felt like and the interesting sounds he made as the air slipped through his teeth when she pressed a kiss to the center of his chest. Hmmm...she thought and moved to another place on his chest.

When her mouth closed over his flat nipple just as he'd done to her, he groaned and rolled on top of her, grabbing her hands and holding them above her head. "No more, Jessica," he said and moved so that his hips were between her legs. "Lift your legs, honey," he told her and when she didn't move fast enough, one hand slid down to her knee and pulled her legs up so that he was cradled by her hips. He tore the foil wrapper he'd grabbed out of his pocket and sheathed himself quickly before moving right back to where he wanted to be.

As he slid inside her, he watched her face, seeing the wonder as he stretched her. She shifted her hips slightly to accommodate his size and he gritted his teeth tighter, dropping his head down to her forehead and resting there for a moment. "Don't move, honey. If what I suspect is true, then you can't move at all."

"I'll try," she gasped out but she wasn't feeling very blissful or comfortable right at the moment. "Just hurry, okay?" she said and her free hand went to his shoulder, her hand gripping the muscles there. She wasn't liking this part too much at all.

"You're just so tight," he said and took a deep breath, sliding in and out, then in again a bit deeper. When he felt the resistance of her body, he shuddered and released her other arm. His strong hand reached up to touch her cheek. "I'm sorry," he said a moment before he plunged into her.

Everything in her tightened and her eyes were wide with the pain as her virginity became a thing of the past. Her nails were biting into his shoulders. It took only a moment and the pain was gone, leaving her left with a fullness and a wonder, the likes of which she'd never experienced before. She took a deep breath, then opened her eyes and looked up at him.

What she saw melted her heart. Edward was completely still, his eyes concerned as he waited for her to open her own eyes. "I'm okay," she said with tenderness. Her hand reached up and touched his face gently. "I'm really good, in fact," she said and laughed because it was true.

"You're not," he growled but his face turned into her palm, kissing it right in the middle. His mouth then took her finger in his, biting the end gently before taking it into his mouth.

When Edward sucked on her finger, a jolt went through her, right down to her core and she gasped, shifting beneath him. That actually caused him to move deeper inside her and her eyes rolled back. Her legs wrapped around his waist and she wiggled, wanting him to move.

He got the message and shifted slightly, watching her face for signs that he should stop. But she smiled, biting her lower lip in that sexy way while her hips rose up and pressed him deeper, back inside her.

He could only hold back for a few strokes before he had to release his control. She just felt too incredibly good like this and he let himself go, watching her face the whole time while he moved inside her tight sheathe. When he felt her coming closer, he reached down and helped her over the edge, and when her throbbing took him over as well and as he pounded into her body, he couldn't believe how perfect she felt.

A long time later, Jessica curled up and laid her head against his chest, her fingers playing with the light hair scattered across that fascinating expanse of skin. "That was unexpected," she sighed and kissed his chest. If her mouth just happened to be close to that fascinating male nipple, was she to blame? She laughed when he rolled her over onto her back again in reaction.

"Are you saying you are expecting something now?" he asked, his hands shifting her so that he was right back where he wanted to be.

Jessica yawned. "I just wanted to explore," she said, her eyes wide and innocent.

He shook his head. "Go to sleep, Jessica," he said and lay back down. His long arm reached out and turned off the bedside light.

"What if I don't want to sleep?" she said, but the question was ruined by yet another yawn.

He pulled the comforter up and over them, then pulled her closer to him, pulling her bottom against his stomach and holding her in place. "Sleep now," he told her gently. "You're too sore for anything else."

Jessica had to admit that she had a certain amount of discomfort in areas she hadn't really known existed before. But she doubted she could get to sleep. The whole night, especially these last few hours, had been just too exhilarating and she wanted to think about everything, to relive the excitement.

Next thing she knew, the sun was coming up over the horizon, spilling onto her bed.

Jessica looked around, wanting to talk to Edward, to question him about last night.

Unfortunately, he wasn't there in bed with her any more. Nor were his clothes still scattered among hers on the floor.

With a sigh, she laid back down in the bed, her mind furious that he could be so horrible after all the tenderness he showed her last night.

Another horrible day faced her and her mind went through all the things she had scheduled. Lunch with Edward was definitely going to be awkward. Did he regret what had happened last night? Obviously he did or he would be here this morning, sharing the experience with her all over again.

Throwing off the covers, she trudged to the bathroom. There was nothing she could do but face the day because it wasn't going to go away. And she needed to face Edward, to figure out what to do about him and how to handle him.

Chapter 5

Edward glared at the door, wishing he could get this task over with more quickly. He was standing in front of Jessica's door, hesitating to knock. He had scheduled lunch with her and now he regretted the decision. They would have to get married, he thought. A week ago, he would have been horrified at the idea of marrying someone like Jessica with all of her flightiness and disregard for tradition.

Now, the idea of having her in his life, of waking up to her soft, incredible body every morning, of seeing her smile at him as he walked into the house at night, the idea made him feel....more than good, he acknowledged. Yes, Jessica was the woman he was going to marry.

So why did he feel so guilty about the whole situation?

Because he'd been an ass last night. He should have avoided her. He never should have kissed her. Or argued with her. But seeing her in another man's arms had made him more than a little crazy with jealousy.

He'd never been jealous before. He'd been in relationships and they'd ended without bad feelings from either party. At least, he didn't think any of his previous relationships had been emotionally invested in him. He dismissed the idea as ludicrous because they simply hadn't been those kinds of women. In the past, he had entered into relationships with women only with the understanding that it was not a commitment, that either party could leave any time without hard feelings.

He smiled as he thought about Jessica's anger with him over her dress last night. Yes, Jessica was emotional, but he found that he liked that about her. He thought it was cute and her anger turned him on. Hell, everything about her turned him on, he thought.

Facing her for lunch was probably a good idea. They could talk, discuss the wedding plans and get things moving in the right direction. She'd have to concede, he thought. Last night he'd taken her virginity and it was now the time to do things correctly. Marriage first, sex later, he told himself.

He never cowered from his responsibilities so why was he not knocking on the woman's door instead of bracing himself to see her? Because he wasn't sure what she'd thought about last night, he told himself. She was mercurial to say the least and he wasn't sure what to think, what to expect.

Which was definitely part of her allure, he thought with a slight smile.

He was being ridiculous, he told himself and forced his hand to reach up and knock. It was instantly opened and Edward glared down at a smiling face, Jessica's chocolate brown eyes ignoring his anger as she pulled on a sweater due to the cooler weather today.

"All ready," she said and stepped around him.

Edward turned and watched her bounce down the stairs, his eyes hungrily taking in her sexy figure in the tight jeans that hugged her round derriere and long legs. The leather boots came up over her calves, ending just above her knees in the front and made her legs look even longer somehow. He had no idea what color shirt she wore because her cream sweater covered it up, but he suspected it would be something that perfectly suited those expressive eyes of hers. She always wore colors that made her look soft and luscious. The woman definitely knew how to play her features to their best advantage with a daring sense of style and flair. He'd never dated a woman who could pull off wearing knee high boots before, but he found that he liked it.

They drove a short distance to a small restaurant with only about fifteen tables that he knew served excellent food with relatively good privacy. He didn't really want others to overhear this conversation. The brick walls of the converted courtyard gave the tables a sense of old-world style and coziness while the sun created a dappled pattern over the tables.

Once they'd ordered, Edward sat back in his chair and looked across the table at the lovely young woman who had been placed into his charge. He watched her carefully while he said, "Jessica, I'm sorry about last night. It never should have happened, but now that it has, we need to deal with the consequences."

Jessica blinked, barely breathing as the pain of his comment struck her right in the heart. "You're sorry?" she whispered, suddenly fighting back tears.

He sighed and leaned forward. "Yes. I was supposed to be helping you and last night...well, I obviously wasn't much help, was I?"

She didn't want to talk about his obligations. She wanted him to tell her how much last night meant to him, that he wanted to do it again and again. She wanted him to tell her that he was in love with her.

Okay, so that last one was a bit too much to ask, but the other desires were completely reasonable, she thought.

What she didn't want was to sit across this lovely table and have him tell her that he regretted what they'd done. It was bad enough that he'd left her this morning without even a goodbye, but to say that he was sorry?! That was beyond horrible!

Jessica blinked hard and turned away. She wanted to scream at him, lash out to give him the same kind of pain she was feeling, but that wasn't fair. Of course, the big question was, did she want to be fair? She thought about it for a long moment, then sighed inwardly. It wasn't Edward's fault that she was now having trouble separating a physical attraction from the emotional ramifications of that attraction. She should know better, but she'd fallen into the same trap as so many other women had over time.

"Last night was a one off, I suppose," she said and looked at the brick wall behind him, desperate to not embarrass herself by breaking down into ridiculous girly tears over the incident. When she'd started thinking about last night as an 'incident' was a mystery, but she grasped onto that as her escape. "We should just move on and pretend like last night didn't happen."

Edward's eyes narrowed. Something in the way she was sitting so still, the way her eyes looked abnormally bright, was telling him that she didn't really feel that way. "Jessica, last night..." he started to say, but Jessica interrupted him.

"I know, it was pretty good. But I still have that deadline, right?" she said, trying to anticipate his words and get them said herself. Somehow, coming from her mouth, they weren't so hurtful.

"That wasn't what I was going to discuss, but if that's really how you feel about the issue..."

She pasted a smile on her face and looked at his nose, not able to look into his eyes right at the moment. Besides, 'issue' seemed inordinately worse than 'incident' so he was on her bad boy list right now. She didn't feel like being sincere and honest with a man who referred to a mind blowing sexual experience as an 'issue'. "Yes, we should put it behind us."

Edward didn't like that at all. He didn't want to put it behind him. He wanted very much to put it in their future. In their very near future if he had anything to say about it. But apparently he didn't have much say if Jessica wanted to ignore the chemistry that was almost palpable. "If that's what you want," he said after a long moment. Something in her face told him to challenge her assertion. Something wasn't quite right, but then he recognized that he didn't know Jessica well enough to know what was right or wrong about her expressions. Her beautiful features were so animated most of the time, he had a hard time keeping up with whatever she was thinking, which was usually right on her face or in those expressive eyes.

With a sigh, he leaned forward, ready to get this over with. "Okay, tell me how you want to move forward." The thought occurred to him that he would prefer moving forward with her legs wrapped around his waist, her body arched against him....but she must have different ideas. He mentally braced for her explanation.

She never thought she could hate a man as strongly as she felt right now about Edward. She thought her heart might be breaking in two but she refused to play the needy girlfriend to his distant one-time lover routine. With a deep breath, she girded herself for the conversation. "I don't really have anything other than what I've been doing. It might not be working too well, but I don't have an alternative." She reached out and touched her water glass, her finger tracing the rivulets flowing down the side as the ice melted.

"And so if it isn't working too well, perhaps we could move on to a different plan. Maybe you have a plan B in case things get too close to the deadline?" he suggested. He actually wanted to suggest that she consider him for her husband. He could provide for her, keep her safe and she'd never want for anything. There was also this tension between them that would certainly help on those long, lonely winter nights. He wouldn't mind coming home to her warm smile instead of the nothingness he'd be facing without her in his life. He thought of Julianna and their mutual assumption that the two of them could make a good marriage together. That was completely shot to hell now. Julianna was a beautiful, elegant woman who deserved better than a man who was waiting for another woman.

Damn, could this get any more complicated he thought?

"I don't have a plan B. I only have the current idea of finding a husband as quickly as possible."

"So what are you looking for in a man?" he asked, resigned to push through this responsibility regardless of how distasteful it was becoming. He hated the idea of Jessica in the arms of another man. She was his! She'd given herself to him last night!

Jessica looked back at Edward and forced a smile. "Well, he definitely has to be tall. I know that shorter men are just as nice, but I want a man that I can snuggle up with while dancing. And he has to be strong. I don't want to sit on his lap and feel like I'm going to crush him with my weight." She squinched up her nose and shook her head. "Not a sexy feeling."

"You're not heavy in any way, Jessica. So those concerns shouldn't be an issue." Edward wanted to slam his fist against the table and demand that she just marry him and forget about all this ridiculous search, but refrained and focused on trying to find someone that was willing to make her happy. "Tall and muscular. Anything else?" he demanded. Most women would have said they wanted a man who made them laugh or who was intelligent.

She tilted her head to the side as if thinking, but in reality, she was looking at him, trying to determine what qualities she admired in him the most. "I think a man who accepts responsibilities with ease would be a great asset. My father will be placing a great burden on whoever I marry and he'll need to manage all of those businesses. So someone who is good in business, who is mindful of the employees and takes care of their welfare and won't be abusive."

Okay, that criterion surprised him. It was more selfless than he would have thought of her. And he actually admired her for that. Among many other things, he thought grimly. "Someone who can manage a company. Got it. What else?"

The waitress arrived with their drinks and Jessica took a sip, smiling her thanks before she continued. "I've thought about this a great deal and I know that most women want a man who makes them laugh but I really want a man who makes me feel pretty and sexy and someone I can admire. I want someone with an inner strength who will listen to my problems and talk to me about his. Someone who likes who I am and won't try to change me."

Edward looked at her and thought those were pretty easy requirements to fulfill. "I don't think that will be hard to find," he said softly.

Jessica's heart stopped when she looked across the table at him. Was that admiration shining back at her from his eyes? Impossible!

She took another sip of her ice water, trying to clear her mind and focus on other characteristics that she would want in a husband. "I want someone who is nice to pets and wants to eventually have children."

Again, that wouldn't have been the items he thought she would want. She seemed like the kind of person who didn't want to be weighed down by the heavy responsibility of children. She appeared to him as one who wanted to have more freedom, so this was a refreshing insight. He liked it, he thought with that same warm feeling that he normally felt when he was around this woman. "How many children do you want?" he asked, curious despite himself.

Jessica smiled and shrugged one shoulder. "I don't know. I think I'd like to have several, but I won't know that until I've had one or two. I know lots of people want a whole clan of kids, but that gets to be pretty chaotic. But definitely more than one. Being an only child was pretty lonely at times, wasn't it?"

Edward had to admit that she had a solid idea of what she wanted. "Do you have anyone in mind?"

Jessica hesitated to answer. Since she was staring at the man she wanted to marry, she couldn't really tell him no. "I think I should ask for professional help," she finally answered. "You know....after last night...maybe it would be better...." She finished off lamely.

Edward was furious at her response, but tried to hide his reaction. "Can you explain to me why? And what kind of professional help would you obtain?"

She shifted uncomfortably in her chair but had to wait until the waitress put their lunch in front of each of them and left before she could answer him. When they were once again alone, she picked up her fork and stabbed at some of the salad in the bowl in front of her. "There are agencies around that specialize in these kinds of things."

Edward already started shaking his head even before she finished her statement. "That's not appropriate, Jessica."

"Why not?"

It actually was probably a pretty good idea. But that would eliminate her need to see him and he wanted to postpone the elimination of Jessica from his life for as long as possible. That was an odd thought since he'd just met her a few days ago. How had she worked her way into his world so thoroughly in such a short period of time?

Then he looked across the table at her and knew exactly how it had happened. It probably happened to all the men, and women, she ran into. Jessica loved life, and she loved people. That beauty shone out from everything she did and everyone wanted to be a part of her life. She was special, but more to the point, she made everyone else around her feel special.

He grasped at the first thing he could think of to discourage her from going to a professional agency. "Because those social sites are filled with men who are just looking for a woman of your wealth who is ready to take it all away. No, you need me to help you sift through the bad seeds and find the genuine article."

For the next thirty minutes, she and Edward argued about the merits of an agency versus using his help, the men he knew and why they would or would not be appropriate for her to talk with. As much as she hated arguing, there was something so stimulating about arguing with Edward.

She actually laughed at some of his points, even when he didn't see the humor. "You're very serious most of the time, aren't you?" she asked softly when there was a pause in their conversation. "Why is that?"

Edward shook his head. "Life isn't a round of parties," he replied.

"I know that." She looked at him carefully. "But I don't think I've ever seen you relax. What do you do for fun?"

Edward's mind was stumped. "I like my work. I find it interesting."

She smiled at him. "I imagine that your work is very stimulating, but what do you do to just relax and have fun? What makes you stop thinking, or puts your whole body at rest?"

The image of her, naked and looking up at him with those chocolate eyes on fire for him popped into his mind. Yes, that would definitely shut his brain off to his next business meeting, he thought. "I enjoy working out. I attend several social functions each week. There are many things that interest me."

She had to allow that the man was driven. "When was the last time you took a vacation?" she asked, testing a theory.

He raised one eyebrow. "I take a vacation twice a year."

She looked at him with a challenge. "How about a vacation where you don't have a cell phone or computer nearby? A place where there's no technology connecting you to your office and your scarily efficient assistant isn't updating you with information three or four times a day... any period in your adult life when that has happened?"

Edward shook his head. "I am always available to my staff."

"Hmmm...." She hummed. "I think it would be interesting to tie you up so you couldn't be in control."

That got his attention! He looked across the table at her with a lascivious grin. "I think the opposite might get my mind off of work more effectively," he replied.

Jessica looked up from her salad, her eyes wide and innocent as she tried to understand his reply. When she saw his look, she blushed painfully, finally understanding what she'd just said. "Oh....um...well, no...that wasn't really what I was saying..." she stammered out, but when he only chuckled at her distress she sighed and smiled back at him. "You know what I meant!"

He laughed again and shook his head. "My comment stands."

Jessica saw the heat in his eyes and gasped slightly, her water glass halted midway to her mouth but she was frozen by the look. She'd never seen Edward so forward and her heartbeat increased, her mind went dead and the noises of the restaurant disappeared. It was only herself and Edward and that comment hanging in the air between us.

He broke the moment by shaking his head slightly and looking away. He picked up his glass of wine and took a sip as he surveyed the other patrons nearest them. "But since that's not on the agenda, how about if we get back to the issue at hand? Finding you an appropriate husband in a painfully short period of time."

Jessica sighed. "Maybe I should just take James up on his offer. He's a very nice gentleman and he would be a good husband."

Edward's glass snapped back onto the table. "Absolutely not. I'll marry you before I'll let that man into your life like that."

Jessica stared at him, her eyes wide with the hope his words struck within her. She didn't say anything though. And Edward continued talking about the various men he had in mind to introduce her to, but she didn't hear them. Her mind was racing, her body reacting to the idea of Edward as her husband.

As they were leaving the restaurant, Jessica looked up into his eyes, amusement apparent as she observed his frustration. "Let's face it Edward. We really don't make a very good pair," she teased.

Edward looked down at her, furious that she was pulling away from him like this. He wanted her close and she was just pushing him away. "Why would you say something like that?"

She laughed and leaned against his car. "Because we don't agree on a single subject. Besides, you're old world stuffy and I'm annoyingly new age. You don't even like the way I dress most of the time."

He leaned towards her, one eyebrow raised at her comment. "Who says I don't like what you wear?"

She chuckled and shook her head. "Those red boots on that first meeting? I love those boots and you just kept looking down at them and scowling."

He put a hand to the hood of his car and leaned closer. "I never said I didn't like the red boots."

"And you hated that black dress."

He'd give her that much at least. "I hated the black potato sack you wore because it didn't fit your style. I've already told you this."

"Same thing." This time her response came out a bit too breathily for her taste. But he was so close, so strong and tall and...just so male!

"Not the same thing at all," he countered.

Jessica realized that she was looking at his mouth and looked up into his eyes, her heart racing as he slowly closed the distance between the two of them. "What are you doing?" she whispered.

"I think I'm trying to convince you that I don't dislike your wardrobe choices."

"Double negatives are too hard to decipher, Edward. What are you trying to say?"

"I'm going to kiss you. Is that hard to decipher?"

She inhaled sharply and looked up at him, her body straightening slightly in anticipation. "I understand the words, possibly not the motive though."

"My motives are pretty clear. You think I don't like you. I'm going to kiss you to prove that I do. As if last night wasn't enough proof."

"Wanting to kiss me and liking me are two different issues."

He conceded her point with a slight tilt to his head. "Fair assertion. But I'm going to kiss you anyway."

"Why?"

"Because I remember what it feels like and I want to do it again. If memory serves, I think I really liked kissing you but I need more evidence in order to jog my memory," he replied.

Jessica would have said something, but he covered her mouth with his, his hands moving to her waist and pulling her against him. She pressed her hands against his chest, feeling his heart beat fast under her fingertips.

Chapter 6

Edward looked down at Jessica, her legs curled around his and her breathing soft and even as she slept. He felt like a complete cad for what he'd done, but couldn't regret it. She was so responsive and he loved the way she felt in his arms. The kiss outside the restaurant had led to another. Then another. Next thing he knew, he was stuffing her back into his car and driving her home. The whole way, he'd anticipated hearing her tell him that he should stop and let her out, but she hadn't. And now she was his. No more fooling around, this woman was going to marry him. He hadn't figured out how but he'd get there.

He loved the way she cried out his name and eagerly trusted him, turning to him over and over again. Even in her sleep, she had one hand wrapped around his arm and her other hand was laying on his stomach. He ignored the growing desire that hand created within him, wanting to just savor how perfectly she felt against him.

He never should have left her bed early this morning. He'd been trying to give her space after her first night of sexual activity, but he understood now that it had been a mistake. He should have stayed in her bed and told her what was going to happen as soon as she'd woken up, saved both of them the lunch where they'd danced around the giant gorilla in the room.

The doorbell rang downstairs and he looked at the clock on his bedside table. It was still relatively early, he realized, but that's what happens when one stayed in bed for the afternoon. With a sigh, he extracted himself from her long, tangled limbs and jumped into the shower. He had no idea who would arrive on his doorstep unannounced, but he supposed he needed to find out. His housekeeper would let him know who it was in a few moments, but he didn't want to be smelling like he'd just had sex when he greeted whoever had been rude enough to interrupt his perfect afternoon.

Ten minutes later, he was showered and pulling a soft, cotton shirt over his head. His jeans were well worn and casual. He should probably put on some slacks, but when a person showed up unannounced, they had to expect a lower standard of dress.

"It's Lady Holbrook," his housekeeper announced as soon as he stepped out of his room.

Edward knew that he should have called Julianna and guilt made him feel horrible. There was no formal relationship between the two of them, but there was an understanding. He'd even brought up the idea of marriage with her on a previous occasion and they'd both tentatively agreed that they would eventually get married. He just hadn't been ready for that step.

Actually, he'd be married probably by this weekend, which was ironic since he now had to break off his relationship with the woman he hadn't wanted to be tied down to just yet. He'd have to break it off with his mistress as well, he thought as he stepped into the formal living room where his housekeeper had told him Julianna was waiting for him.

As soon as he stepped into the room he realized that Julianna was crying. Had she found out what had happened this afternoon? That seemed impossible, since even he hadn't really absorbed the chain of events, but there was no doubting the tear stained cheeks she turned in his direction as soon as she heard the door open.

"Julianna, are you okay?" he asked, moving over to her quickly. He took her hands and pulled her down onto the sofa with him. Was she more invested in their relationship than he'd thought? He knew they were fond of each other, but he'd suspected that she hadn't really been in love with him. Their relationship had been more convenient and brought about by common interests and shared social networks.

Julianna looked up at him with her pretty blue eyes and took a deep breath. "Edward, I've done something terrible," she said with a deep sigh. "I'm begging you to forgive me and I hope we can move past this...." She dropped her head into her hands and sobbed delicately. "I know that we had a sort of....agreement...of sorts. That we were both thinking that eventually we would marry. Not soon, I know, but at some distant point in the future when we were both ready."

"Yes...well," he started to say, thinking of Jessica still sleeping upstairs in his bed.

"No, please don't say anything. I've messed everything up."

Edward's eyes widened at that declaration. Surely she couldn't have messed things up as much as he had. "Julianna, please, there's nothing that you could have done...."

"I slept with James," she whispered, then covered her mouth as if she'd said something truly horrifying.

Edward stared at the woman he'd always assumed was a virgin. A virgin he hadn't really been looking forward to initiating, he actually realized right at this moment. "James Cavanaugh?" he asked, still processing the news. Jessica had been a virgin though, and that thought filled him with a great deal of pride.

Julianna nodded her head silently.

"And...."

She wiped her eyes with a handkerchief and looked away. "Twice," she admitted, and a fresh wave of tears took over and her shoulders shook with the emotion she was trying to control, and failing.

"I'm so sorry, Edward. I've ruined our relationship and it's all my fault."

Edward almost laughed, but knew that she was truly upset. "Julianna, I'm happy for you and James. He's a great guy and I'd even like to do business with him. If he's the man you want to be with, then I think you should go after him." Actually, Edward was suddenly interested in doing business with the man since he now realized that James was interested in Julianna instead of Jessica.

Julianna laughed humorlessly. "I don't want James. He's.....just...."

"Annoying?" he suggested, thinking of Jessica and her arguments over the agency plan. Okay, so she was also sweet and refreshing, she made him happy just by arguing with him, he thought, thinking about their lunch this afternoon.

"Yes." She shook her head, her hand reaching out to him. "And yet...."

"There's something about him that you just can't ignore?" he offered.

She nodded. "I can't marry you, knowing what I've done."

Edward took her hands and covered them with his larger ones. "Julianna, you haven't done anything wrong. And I think it's probably for the best." He watched her for a moment then said, "Are you in love with him?"

She reared back, shaking her head to vehemently deny that. "Absolutely not! The man might make me....feel things, but I definitely am not in love with him. Nor would I allow myself to be so silly as to fall in love with a man who is completely unpredictable, thrives on being as inappropriate as possible and can't have a serious conversation to save his soul."

Edward laughed, since he thought of Jessica in exactly that manner. He wasn't sure what he felt for Jessica right now. He just knew that he wasn't going to let her out of his life. And he'd be dammed if he'd let her marry some other man. The crazy woman was his and he damn well protected what was his! "Well, when you finally admit it, I hope you and James will be very happy together."

Julianna waved that away. "James and I won't work," she reiterated. "But I am very sorry that you and I won't either."

He smiled and patted her hand. "Everything works out exactly as it's supposed to, I think."

She smiled back at him, relieved that he was taking this so well. She thought about it for a moment, then looked at him more closely. "You're in love with Jessica, aren't you?" she guessed.

Edward grimaced, but nodded his head. "Crazy in love," he admitted.

Julianna sighed, more relieved than she could have thought possible. "I should be furious with you, I think," she said as she broke into a laugh. "Isn't this about the time that I start raving about how horrible you are for letting me go on and on about sleeping with James when you're...." she stopped, blushing prettily as she hovered over the issue at hand. "Well, you know...."

"Yes," he laughed right along with her. "And yes, this is the time when we both should be screaming at each other for the other's infidelities."

Julianna giggled slightly. "Well, I guess things did work out pretty well after all, eh?"

Edward sighed. "We're still in a bit of a mess though. I've got to get her to marry me."

Julianna patted his hand this time. "I don't think you'll have to do much convincing."

"She'll hate me in the morning."

"Just be your normal, charming self and she'll be the happiest woman on earth."

He warmed to her reassurance, but he wasn't exactly sure how to go about making all of this happen. Jessica wasn't the kind of woman he was used to. He thought about just ordering her to pick out a dress and meet him at the church, but he suspected that Jessica would have some issues with that mandate. She didn't strike him as the kind of woman who would take orders very well.

Julianna stood up and took a deep, cleansing breath. "Well, this was much easier than I was expecting."

Edward stood up with her, his thumb catching a tear that escaped and was traveling slowly down her delicate cheek. "Are you going back to James?" he asked.

Julianna shook her head. "He's definitely not the man for me. I don't want to be bogged down in his craziness. I need a bit more control over my world."

Edward considered giving her some advice, but since he had a beautiful, naked woman upstairs in his bedroom and he had no idea how to make that permanent, he didn't feel up to offering her anything. "I'm here for you. Always." They were in the foyer now, standing underneath the dimmed lights and he gave her a hug. "You'll be fine. And if not, I'll punch his lights out for you. Okay?"

She laughed and laid her head against his chest. "See? There's that incredible charm," she teased.

Edward closed the door behind her, then wondered how he was going to get Jessica to the altar.

He walked back up the stairs, ready to crawl right back into bed with his sleeping beauty. When he reached his room though, the woman in question was nowhere to be found.

"Jessica?" he called out, checking the bathroom. Even her clothes were gone. He raced down the stairs, calling out her name and feeling as if something was wrapping around his chest and tightening. Something told him to find Jessica. Fast! Calling out her name, he raced through the rooms, checking each to see if perhaps she'd just decided to curl up somewhere and read or have a cup of coffee. Tea, actually. He knew that Jessica didn't drink coffee, preferring tea. Why he was thinking about her beverage preferences at a time like this, he had no idea.

"Jessica!" he called out and rushed into the kitchen, an area he'd rarely seen. But she wasn't here either. His housekeeper stepped out of her bedroom which was off the side of the kitchen, curlers in her hair, her right hand holding the neckline of a quilted robe closed and fluffy slippers peeking out from the bottom. "Have you seen Jessica?" he asked, unaware that he was scowling worse than his father ever had.

The woman stepped back involuntarily and nodded. "She went out the back door about fifteen minutes ago, my lord. And she didn't look very happy."

Edward cursed and hurried back through the rooms. He grabbed a set of keys from the bureau in the foyer and ran down the stone steps out to the garage. He actually had no idea which bay the sedan was parked inside so he entered through the side door. There was a Bentley, a BMW and a Mercedes besides the limousine Tim usually drove him around in. He swung around to the BMW, not wanting the pretentiousness of the other two cars right now. They served a purpose, but the Bentley had been his grandfather's and was still in perfect condition. He needed speed right now, and agility. Glancing at his watch, he noted that it was still relatively early but he still felt the need to hurry.

He wanted this marriage issue settled and Jessica running away after their afternoon in bed was not helping the situation.

He reached into his pocket and dialed her number. Of course she didn't pick up, but he suspected that she'd gone straight to her house. He went there himself, seething with fury, both at her as well at himself. He couldn't believe she'd just walked out after the afternoon they'd shared. And he couldn't believe that he hadn't put his ring on her finger the moment he had her in his bed.

He made one stop though. He had to make this official because Jessica wasn't the kind of woman who would accept a tentative commitment. He needed a firm promise and a plan of action.

The jeweler had exactly what he was looking for. He had the ring wrapped up and in his pocket in less than fifteen minutes and he was back on the road. He'd left Tim back at the house, preferring to speed through the London traffic. This was too important to meander in the back of a limousine so he was driving himself in his black BMW.

At her house, he banged on the door, instinctively knowing that Jessica was inside. Something also told him that she was hurt and trying to avoid him.

When Beth opened the door, he pushed his way inside, ignoring the housekeeper's astonished and offended look. "Where's Jessica?" he demanded.

Beth stepped back, her hand coming to cover her throat in outrage. "Excuse me, but Ms. Mallory isn't available."

Edward wasn't having any of that from Jessica's housekeeper. "Which means she's here somewhere. Go get her," he said and stared at the woman with his hands on his hips until she started moving.

Jessica had heard the whole interchange and, before Beth could move out of the foyer, she stepped out from the living room where she'd been curled up with a cup of tea. "I'm right here," she said, wishing she could hide her red-rimmed eyes from this man.

"Why did you leave?" he asked, stepping closer but most of his anger dissipating at the sight of her sad eyes. Those chocolate eyes should never be sad, he thought. She was just too....alive...for sadness. He reached down and touched her gently, caressing that soft skin and wondering how he could make it better.

Jessica didn't want to admit that she'd seen green when he was in his living room talking with Julianna. The other woman had invaded her dreams and now she was working on building up her defenses once again. "Your company didn't need me to stick around."

He looked confused for a moment, then realized that she must have seen Julianna with him. That explained a lot. It also told him that she was jealous which, normally he would feel bad about, or even irritated, but with Jessica, it told him that she was emotionally invested. That was a start.

Not that he wanted her to continue to feel that horrible emotion. He wanted her to feel other things for him, but not jealousy. It was a gut wrenching emotion that he'd experienced enough of each time he'd seen Jessica in another man's arms, or even contemplating her in another man's arms. He was quick to disabuse her of the notion that Julianna had been at his house for anything other than the real reason.

"Jessica, Julianna wasn't there about me. Not really anyway."

"I saw her there. And she was crying. What did you say to her?" she asked, her body angry and stiff with both curiosity and frustration.

"She came to tell me that she'd been.....intimate with James Cavanaugh," he said, carefully watching her face to see if there was more to the relationship than he'd thought. But when her face only brightened, her eyes clearing up at the news, he breathed a little easier. "I don't know what's going to happen between them, but it's up to them to work things out."

"She was there to break up with you?" she asked, her voice whisper soft with hope and relief.

"Yes. But I was never as attracted to Julianna as I instantly was with you. Hence the reason we ended up in bed both last night and today." This was the strange part. They'd been together for too short a period for him to think she might feel something for him. Even knowing how he felt about her, he still didn't understand it. But he had to get her married. It was that important to him right now.

He took out his ring and shook his head. "Now about that other issue we've been working on. I think I have the perfect solution. "

Jessica watched with curiosity as he took her hand. With a gruff voice, he pushed a startlingly beautiful ring on her finger, then said, "We're getting married this weekend. And there's really nothing you can say that will change the situation, so you might as well just accept it and get used to the idea."

Chapter 7

Jessica wasn't really sure what was happening. She looked down at her hand, saw the ring and blinked. Took a breath. Then looked down at her hand again.

She would never have expected a ring like this. From Edward, she imagined a solitaire, possibly an emerald cut or a similar ring with elegance and old-world beauty.

This ring was the most incredible set of diamonds set in a flower arrangement, with the center stone being the largest. There were tiny swirls and miniature leaves but the setting was actually magnificent. It was the perfect ring and she couldn't believe how much she instantly loved it.

Jessica stood up and walked over to the fireplace, wishing that there was a roaring fire that was snapping and crackling. The silence of the room was haunting because she knew that all of her problems could so easily be solved by a simple yes. But she didn't say that word. She couldn't put her finger on the issue, but something just didn't feel right.

She fiddled with the ring, then turned back to face Edward, noticing that he stood in the center of the living room, his arms crossed over his chest and looking like the ultimate alpha male with confidence oozing out of every cell. He might be elegant and handsome, but the man was high test testosterone, a lethal problem for her.

"Thank you very much for the offer, but I don't know if this is a very good idea. I've thought about this over the past hour, worrying about what we'd done. I know we discussed this over lunch and you disagreed with the idea, but I still think it would be best if I simply went to an agency that will help me with this problem. I'm sure they have a very good process for doing background checks on the clients. I've also contacted my father's lawyer. He will draw up a prenuptial agreement that will eliminate any possibility of my future husband gaining control of my father's money." She looked down at the ring, still unable to take it off of her finger. "I appreciate the sacrifice you're willing to make to help me, but I just can't let you do this."

Edward watched her carefully, not sure where she was going with this. Not that he was going to allow her to marry any other man, much less go to an agency to find a husband. He moved to stand next to her, looking at her face as she looked into the blackened fire area. "We're getting married, Jessica," he declared firmly. After yesterday and today, he wasn't letting her get away from him. He stood there, arms crossed over his chest waiting for her to argue with him. As soon as she offered whatever objections were in her pretty little brain, he'd refute them easily.

Jessica almost laughed at how he stood there, looking so strong and confident, absolutely sure of his ability to win her over. "We're not, but I sincerely appreciate your offer."

Edward shifted slightly and shook his head. "That wasn't an offer, Jessica. We're getting married. Saturday. You're an extremely smart woman but you're not grasping that I will win at this argument."

She did laugh at that, but it came out to her ears sounding a bit more like a sob. "I have to go now."

He wanted to stop her but the sad look in her eyes held him back. "What are you planning to do?"

She put her hand on the doorknob. "I'm going to go find a wedding dress, I suppose. And then I'm going to try and find a job. I have a degree in a field that I love, I think I could do well at and I'm going to take my career and start building."

"Your degree is in psychology, am I right?" He wanted her to stay and tell him more about her plans, but she seemed determined to leave the room.

"Yes." She pulled the door open and walked out, not even looking back at him. "Thank you very much for your proposal."

Edward stepped out himself and watched as she walked slowly up the stairs and turned to the left, heading down the hallway to her bedroom. Edward didn't accept her rejection. As he stared at the now empty hallway, he smiled and worked things through in his head. Jessica was only saying the words she thought he wanted to hear, but she hadn't taken his ring off of her finger. He noticed that her fingers were closed into a fist, as if she didn't want to lose the ring he'd just put there.

He chuckled and walked out of the house. Her car was still parked in front of her house and he smiled at the Mini Cooper. The style fit her, he thought. It was relatively new, but he made a mental note to have Tim look over the car to make sure it was running properly. He was suddenly finding himself very protective of the woman who only a few days ago seemed like an irritating burden.

Well, to be honest, she'd only felt like a burden when he'd been discussing the situation over the phone with his uncle. The moment he'd seen her sitting so prettily at a table full of police officers, she'd become something completely different. What that was, he still wasn't sure how to define.

But he liked it. And he liked her.

Chapter 8

Jessica left the luxurious offices feeling horrible, almost as if she were betraying Edward in some way. She had an envelope filled with eligible bachelors, all of them handsome and wealthy, all wanting a wife who was on an equal social and economic footing and had contacted the agency to find a wife. There wouldn't be any issues with a prenuptial agreement with any of them. All gentlemen who had signed on with this particular agency would require that original funds from each party would stay with that person in the event of a 'dissolution of the partnership' as the contract put it.

Her cell phone rang and she lifted it absently to see who was calling. She considered just ignoring the call, not wanting to talk to anyone right at the moment. She didn't like any of the men in the envelope and all she wanted was to curl up on Edward's lap and sob out her heart to him.

Unfortunately, she just couldn't talk to him right now. He would know that something was wrong and she couldn't face his inquisition, even over the phone. Once she felt better and could think more clearly, maybe she could go to him and ask him for advice on the gentlemen in question.

She pressed the ignore button and moved back to her car, tossing the folder onto the passenger seat. Driving home, she thought about the men the agency had brought up. The lady she was dealing with was very smart and had a sense of confidence that would probably rival Edward. She smiled as she thought about the two of them together. They would probably make a perfect match.

No, not nearly as perfect as he and Julianna. She still thought about them that night despite Edward's assurance that they'd broken up. They were such a perfect couple, could their disagreement last? Was James involved, or was he just with Julianna as another one of his women? She thought of that evening when she'd slipped downstairs after waking alone in bed. Edward's dark head bent low to listen to whatever she had been telling him and the concern in his eyes as he helped her through whatever she was saying.

Her honey blond hair looked perfect next to his darker hair. Besides, Julianna was perfect; her manners, her speaking, the way she could sit perfectly still for what seemed like hours. Edward would need her by his side to grow his business. Jessica hated sitting still and had vowed she'd never do that again once she'd become an adult. She smiled at that memory, remembering that she'd been sitting in Edward's house on that horrible, dreary morning of his mother's funeral when she was five and vowing that she'd never sit still once she left her father's house.

Well, she'd learned to sit still...when it suited her. She had loved her classes in school and had listened to the professors, enraptured by their insight into the human mind and human behavior. She'd do that all over again if she could and she hadn't minded sitting still during most of her classes.

As she drove into her driveway a half hour later, she thought about her degree and tried to come up with a career plan. She'd been so intent on getting through school, then her parents had died. So she hadn't had a chance to figure out what she wanted to do now that she didn't have school. Well, besides get married.

Why had her father done this to her? What a waste! Women were perfectly capable of running enormous empires. Okay, so she didn't really want to do that herself, but there were women out there who did.

So why couldn't she just sell the factory to someone who would keep it intact? She didn't want the workers to lose their jobs, which would happen if it was broken up and doled out to charities. He'd definitely mandated this.

No, her father's will had been a horrible way to ensure that his daughter got married. He knew she'd never let people down. He had certainly come up with a nefarious plan to get his way. She should visit his grave some day, but right now, she was too angry with him. Even a year after the reading of the will, she still was furious with him for his ridiculous terms.

She heard something behind her and glanced in her rear view mirror. When she saw Edward's furious face glaring at her as he walked up beside her car, her heart instantly started beating faster.

"Get out!" he ordered and opened the driver's side door for her, grabbing her hand and pulling her out.

He pressed his whole body against her, pushing her back against the car and Jessica looked up at him, wondering why he was so furious. "Is this just because I didn't take your phone call a half hour ago?" she asked, pushing against his chest, her traitorous body already reacting to his touch and her breath caught in her throat.

"Where have you been?" he demanded.

Jessica stared at his chest and when that didn't help her state of mind, she looked to the right, trying to focus on the trees out in front of her house. "Where I was is none of your concern, Edward."

"Since we're getting married tomorrow, it damn well is my business. So tell me where you were."

She took a deep breath, but that was a mistake because her whole body tingled with the reaction of his male scent filling her lungs. "Let me go and we'll talk about this."

He looked down at her curly head but rejected her suggestion. His hands moved from the top of her car down to her waist, sliding sensuously along her ribs and then down to her hips. "I don't think I'll do that."

"Just....give me some space," she pleaded.

"The last time we were like this, all of your reactions were honest and sincere. But I left you that evening and ever since, you've gone out of your way to avoid me, and I have a feeling that you're trying to figure out a way to be dishonest with me. So if it's all the same to you, I think I'll keep you just like this."

"I've never been dishonest with you!" she came right back, grabbing his wrists when his hands moved too high on her waist. They were still, but precipitously close to her breasts which were aching to feel his hands move higher.

She closed her eyes, her mind instantly remembering what his hands felt like when they cupped her breasts, when his thumbs rubbed against her nipples or, even better, when his mouth took a nipple and sucked or nibbled. She could barely catch her breath as she thought over those memories.

"What do you want, Jessica?" he asked softly, his hips shifting slightly, his knee moving so that it was between her legs. He moved it higher and she gasped. Her hands were no longer holding his wrists but instead, were sliding up his arms, feeling the bulging muscles of his biceps and shoulders underneath his suit.

"Not this," she sighed and her head moved back and forth as if she could deny what he was doing to her. He was practically making love to her in the driveway of her father's house!

"Yes this," he countered and his leg moved higher, pressing against her and she couldn't help it when she shifted against his leg, rubbing her core with the pressure.

His hands moved to her neck, a thumb on each side of her head slid against her jaw, tilting her head backwards so he could kiss her.

She was no longer in control. Her body was riding his thigh and she pressed harder while he kissed her, his tongue mimicking the sexual act and she couldn't fight him, just went with his ministrations. On tip toe she pushed, moved, wiggled, holding onto his shoulders as if her life depended on standing in this exact position until she found satisfaction.

Suddenly, he was no longer there, the air cold around her. She opened her eyes and looked up, only to find herself lifted into his arms. He took the stone stairs to her front door two at a time. How he had her keys in his hand, she had no idea, but within moments, he had the door unlocked and he kicked it closed behind him.

He was at the bottom of the staircase when he put her onto her feet and pressed her back against the wall, kissing her like there was no tomorrow. And she was kissing him back just as passionately. She wanted him so intensely, it was like an aching need inside of her, desperate to be fulfilled.

He pressed himself against her and this time, her legs didn't need his invitation. She grabbed his shoulders and lifted her legs, wrapping them around him. He helped her by putting his hands on her bottom, holding her there while he kissed her.

Jessica didn't like the inequity of this position and she tore at his tie, pulling it out of her way so that her fingers could undo the buttons of his dress shirt. She didn't even care about his suit jacket as long as she could reach the skin underneath all of that refined, tailored fabric.

He shifted her weight and brought her the rest of the way up the stairs. When they finally tumbled onto her bed, she felt freed and more than eager to tear his clothes off. She tried to slap his hands away when they got in her way, but he only grinned and shook his head before grabbing both of her hands, holding them over her head so that his free hand could lift her shirt up, pull her bra out of the way and his mouth devoured her breast.

Jessica cried out, arching into his mouth while her hips shifted under his, her legs wrapping around his waist in a desperate attempt to find the satisfaction that he was continuously denying her.

"Let my hands go," she almost yelled at him.

He only laughed and shook her head. "Not a chance," he said and his hand moved down her waist, quickly working the buttons on her slacks before he pushed them down and off her legs. He finally released her hands when he had her as naked as he needed her, but only so that he could get rid of his own clothes. With swift movements, he tossed his clothes off, uncaring of where they landed.

Jessica watched for all of one second before she sat up and pressed her mouth against his nearly naked chest, doing to him what he'd just done to her. Her mouth covered his flat nipple and she almost smiled when he groaned at her caress. She felt his hands on her shoulders and knew that he was about to push her back so she wrapped her arms around his waist to delay him.

When he allowed her the time, his hands diving into her hair and she reveled in how glorious it felt to feel him with her hands and her mouth not to mention the rest of her body. She moved her mouth downward, wanting to explore the muscles lower down on his abdomen but he growled and took her hands off his back, pinning them up above her head once again.

With a swift movement, he entered her, filling her up completely while he watched her face. He didn't want to hurt her, but he needed her almost violently and she took all of him, shifting slightly to accommodate his size but the look of rapture on her gorgeous features told him that she was fine. More than fine, actually. As he moved inside of her, he reveled in how perfectly this little woman fit him. She was the perfect size for him and he loved it when her legs moved higher, wrapping around his waist once again.

He pushed deeper, watching her face to gauge how slow or fast he should move. Her face was so expressive but when she was about to climax, he knew exactly what was going on because her eyes opened up, her hands on his shoulders curled up and she arched her back. The keening sound coming from her was so incredibly sexy that he couldn't hold back his own orgasm any longer even though he wanted to push her higher, make it better for her. As she throbbed around him, he knew that he'd never find any woman who fit so perfectly and made him feel so absolutely, incredibly good.

A long time later, Jessica looked around, startled to find her bed a complete mess. How had the comforter come up like that, she wondered, trying to slow her breathing down. She didn't want him to know how completely he rocked her world. If she was going to pull away from him, she had to be firm.

She could almost laugh at that admonition to herself since she was still attached to him intimately. She hadn't done a very good job of staying away from him yet, had she?

He shifted his weight and walked to the bathroom, coming back a moment later to look down at her as she curled up into the bed covers. "You didn't answer my question," he said and leaned down over the bed once again, those soft, chocolate eyes looking back at him warily.

"You can't stay here. This was a mistake," she said, but gasped when he tore the comforter away from her hands so she couldn't hide her nakedness from him anymore.

"Since we're going to be doing it a lot after our wedding, I don't see any need to abstain from the activity now. We're getting married tomorrow, by the way. Eleven o'clock."

"No," she gasped and tried to move away when his hands slid along her skin once again. She rolled over to stop his fingers from finding her breasts and tried to distract herself by looked out the window at the diffused sunshine coming in through the sheer draperies. It didn't work though. Edward even in a one hundred foot proximity seemed to have her blood pumping and her body doing all those rocket-like things. She just hoped her reaction to him was a secret. Probably not though. The man knew a woman's body well, and he definitely knew how to play her like an instrument. Not that she minded, of course. Well, she minded, but she just wished the issue were....different.

Edward just laughed softly at her new position and softly stroked her back, enjoying the way she gasped and her mouth opened, a good indication that she was just as turned on as he was. "Wanting to try something new?" he asked and grabbed her ankles, pulling her slowly down the bed so that she was back underneath him.

"What are you talking about?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at him.

His fingers left a trail of fire down her back and she tried to wiggle away when they reached her bottom, but he held her hips and continued doing what he wanted. "If this is what you want to try next, I'm all for it," he murmured his mouth following where his fingers had just been. He found several spots on her back that were almost as sensitive as her breasts and he teased her unmercifully, his body already hard and ready, aching to be inside her again.

"Edward, we can't do this," she said, but she prayed that he wouldn't stop, her hands gripping the bed covers as the desire spiked within her body, making her crazy once again. When he kneeled behind her and pulled her hips back, she didn't understand. But as he entered her from that angle, she gasped out loud, completely in agreement with this new position. And he didn't relent until she was screaming out his name, her whole body throbbing and exhausted.

Edward finally gave himself permission to climax when he felt her body shivering with her third climax. But his mind was already coming up with the next position he wanted to show this responsive, incredible woman.

Chapter 9

Jessica felt as if her stomach were tied in knots. She and Edward still hadn't agreed that they would be married today but here she stood, in a fabulous white wedding dress that he'd sent over last night. She never would have guessed that he had such incredibly good taste in wedding attire, but the man had selected the most gorgeous, slightly outrageous dress that she'd fallen in love with from the moment she opened the box.

The shimmering organza was gathered at the waistline with a wave of shimmering flowers along one side of the waist. The fabric then flared out with embroidery along the scalloped edge of the hem that ended just below her waist with layers and layers of organza to poof it out like a tulip. It was perfectly white, but the fabric made it almost glow with energy and beauty.

When she'd opened the box, not sure what to expect after he'd left her yesterday afternoon, she'd almost been afraid to look inside. As she'd pulled the tissue paper back, she gasped in surprise and delight. She picked up the gown immediately and held it against her, peering into the mirror to see how the fabric would look against her skin. With a laugh and a skip, she raced up to her bedroom and tried it on. As soon as she saw herself, she knew that this was the dress she wanted to be married in. She twirled around and looked at her figure from various angles, amazed at how the bodice made her waist look so tiny. The bust was a bit snug and perhaps too much of her ample breasts were visible from the top, but she loved it regardless.

Edward had come to her house that morning, just to ensure that she would be ready on time. Now, standing outside the judge's office, she felt as if she should say something, as if she should call this whole charade off and tell Edward that it didn't make sense for the two of them to get married.

Why was he doing this anyway? Unless they were having sex, Edward appeared to truly dislike her.

"Are you ready?" the judge asked, a paternal smile on his face as he looked at Jessica.

"I guess so," she replied, wishing she could come up with a perfect argument to stop this ceremony. Turning to Edward, she said, "I still have seven weeks before the deadline, Edward. You really don't need to make this sacrifice. Won't Julianna be hurt when she hears about this wedding? I mean, I know that she and James sort of....well, you know....but getting married so soon after breaking up with each other might be....hurtful."

The side of his mouth lifted in amusement and a sense of pleasure that she had so much concern for people she barely knew. "I guarantee that Julianna will not be hurt by our marriage. In fact, if I'd thought you were worried about that, I would have asked her to be here as a witness just to put your concerns to rest." He paused and took her hand in his and led her into the judge's chambers. "As for the rest, I don't consider this a sacrifice at all and there's no way you could have met someone I would have approved of you marrying in seven weeks. So let's get this done, shall we?"

Jessica wasn't sure she liked the fact that Edward wanted to 'get this done' but she couldn't seem to stop him. He was like a bulldozer, plowing through the days and dragging her along with him. When Edward wanted something, he really didn't take no for an answer. No matter how many times she said it, he just ignored her and continued on with his plans.

Unfortunately, she wanted this too much to put any real heat into her refusal. She'd longed to be in this position ever since he'd held her in his arms during that evening of dancing. She'd tried to fight it, but he really was an amazing man. He was her dream man. And where other girls found their dream man and were disappointed, Edward just continued to surprise and impress her. She'd found him fascinating before. Now she was completely and utterly in love with the man, mysteries and all.

She had no idea why Julianna wouldn't be upset by the wedding, but that was a question for another day. Edward had to nudge her when it was her turn to say "I do," and fifteen minutes after walking into the office, they turned around and left, husband and wife, forever bound by the laws of the courts.

She knew that he'd kissed her to seal the vows, but she didn't remember the kiss happening. She knew that the others in the room had offered her congratulations and wished her a happy future with Edward, but she didn't know what they'd actually said or even who they were. She felt dizzy and confused and scared. Why had she done this? She'd worked hard to be crazy and outrageous since leaving her parents' house for university, wanting to live her life on her own terms but had she just made the biggest mistake of her life?

She could feel the shivers start but couldn't do anything to stop them. She and Edward were back out on the street and she could see Tim grinning in the distance as he held the door for her and Edward but she was so terrified of what she'd just done she couldn't smile back at him.

"Congratulations, my lord," Tim said and bowed as the two approached.

"Thank you, Tim. I'm not sure Ms. Livingston has really accepted the reality though. Give her time," he said as he nudged her into the back of the limousine."

Jessica sat in the back, staring straight ahead, her gorgeous dress floating around her. The vehicle wasn't as dark as normal, her mind thought. She looked around, forcing her mind to come out of the stupor the ceremony had put it under, trying to make sense of everything. When she focused on her surroundings, her eyes widened and she gasped in delighted surprise! There were roses everywhere! Red roses on every seat except the two she and Edward were occupying. There was even a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket nestled off to the side.

Her lips were numb, her mind barely functioning, but she looked over at Edward and realized that he was just staring out the window himself. He was holding himself stiffly, his fist underneath his jaw as he rested his elbow against the door. The image popped into her mind of the day of his mother's funeral, the first time she'd seen him and the similarities were painful to view. Was he just as confused and overwhelmed as she was? Her fingers twitched as she attempted to work up the courage to touch him, to comfort him just as she needed to be comforted right now. She wanted his arms around her and she wanted to hear his deep, strong voice tell her that he loved her, or at least that they would be happy and could make this marriage work.

Edward looked out the window feeling like a fool for wanting this day to be special. Jessica was barely going through the motions, so stunned and out of it that she might not realize where she was. He wondered if she even realized that they were married, she'd barely acknowledged the judge and his wife who happily agreed to stand as their witness. Edward had tried to make light of Jessica's wide eyed gaze throughout the ceremony, but she had barely even blinked when everyone laughed. She just bowed her head as if she'd just been sentenced to the gallows for the rest of her life.

Now, sitting in the back seat and smelling all those roses, she'd barely realized what he'd done. Well, to be fair, he'd instructed Tim to do it but it had still been his idea to fill up the back seat with roses. It had been such an abrupt ceremony and Jessica was an emotional little woman, he'd wanted to do something as outrageous as she was to help her through the day, to show her that they could get through this together.

But he hadn't realized that she viewed their marriage as a punishment. A lifetime sentence to be dreaded and endured through stoic aversion.

He'd never seen her this still. She was always moving, always smiling and turning her head to see what someone else was doing. Her curls bounced around her pretty face and her lush body moved with sensuous grace as she took in the world around her.

But not on her wedding day.

He sighed and pushed all thoughts of their marriage to the side, thinking about the business deal he was working. He was just about to pick up the phone to tell Tim to take them home instead of the hotel he'd arranged for the night when he felt her move beside him.

He was stunned when she settled her adorable little bottom on his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck and looking at him with a slight smile. "The flowers are amazing," she whispered. "Thank you."

He couldn't stop his hands from coming up and holding her in place. It was like her body was water and life and he'd been in a desert for years with no sustenance or liquid. Every time he saw her he wanted to touch her, to feel her and make love to her. And now she was his wife and she was touching him first. He wasn't one to ignore this kind of invitation, especially when her lush breasts in the strapless gown that could barely contain their fullness were so close his mouth.

"You're welcome," he ground out, waiting to see what she would do next. He'd seduced her into their previous intimacy, was she going to take the initiative this time? And would that ease his guilt over railroading her into this marriage? Probably not, but when her slender arms wrapped around his neck and she leaned against his chest, he groaned and took advantage of what she was offering.

Jessica leaned over and kissed him, not sure how to initiate the kind of kiss she wanted, especially when he looked so grim. But she wanted to try, she wanted to make him feel better and make up for the sacrifice he'd made for her.

She kissed him with all that she was feeling, all the sweet and passionate emotion that was welling up within her and she was overwhelmed with his response. He took her breath away and made her dizzy so she didn't even realize when the vehicle stopped. Tim was opening the door before they pulled away from each other.

Edward lifted her up and set her onto the sidewalk, then took her hand and led her through the brass doors of a strange building. "Where are we going?" she asked, skipping to keep up with him.

An older man was standing in the middle of the marble lobby, an ingratiating smile on his face as he handed Edward something. "Everything is as you requested, my lord," he said with a slight bow. "And may I say...." He was still talking when Edward stepped into the elevator and took Jessica into his arms, kissing her just as the doors closed.

Jessica was only vaguely aware of the elevator ride taking them to another level of what she now suspected was a hotel, but while Edward was kissing her, she couldn't think about anything other than him.

The doors opened with a soft swish and he lifted his head, smiling at her dazed expression. This one was similar to what she looked like after their wedding, but this expression had a different feel to it. He knew that she was looking like this because of the way he could make her feel and not because she'd just gone and done something monumentally stupid like marrying him.

He led Jessica out of the elevator straight into the penthouse of the hotel and waited for her reaction. The limousine had only been the beginning and the hotel manager had done an excellent job.

Jessica looked up at Edward, wondering why he wasn't taking her back into his arms. She stepped forward, not willing to wait any longer. When he was touching her, everything felt right and wonderful. But when he stopped, she felt cold and the insecurities starting infiltrating her mind. She didn't want to worry today since it was her wedding day. She wanted to celebrate and pretend like everything was going to be wonderful for the rest of their lives.

Standing on tiptoe, she reached up and kissed his jaw, her hands sliding up his shirt and reveling in the feeling of his muscles underneath her hands.

Edward wanted her to see his surprise, but the way she was touching him made him just a bit out of control. He wasn't going to do that this time though. No more insane tearing off of clothes and heated rush to be inside her. He was going to take his time, be in control and show her that he wasn't an animal. He could do this, he told himself as that surge of lust started to blind him to his goal. He lifted her into his arms and carried her through the penthouse living room and into the bedroom, laying her carefully on the bed. As he looked down at her, his hands slipping her shoes off, he vowed that tonight would be different. He could bring her to the peak of her pleasure and show her things she never thought possible.

Chapter 10

Jessica woke slowly, her body still content to lie in the large, fluffy mattress. As her eyes opened and started to focus, she thought she was seeing things. There were flowers everywhere! On every possible surface, there was a bower of perfect, red roses. She turned her head and looked to the other side of the bed and sure enough, there were roses there as well.

She sat up and realized that the entire room was filled with roses and she finally understood what she'd been smelling last night. The lights had been too dim and Edward's hands so overwhelming that she hadn't had a chance to look around, but now that she was, her heart swelled with love for the man who would take the time to do this. She had to smile and shake her head, because he probably just instructed someone else to do this, but it was still an incredibly sweet gesture.

She stepped into the shower, hurrying through so she could find the man who had done something so sensitive and caring. Slipping her arms into the fluffy robe with the name of the hotel embroidered on the top, she padded barefoot through the penthouse, her mouth dropping open as she saw that it wasn't just the bedroom that held the flowers. They were everywhere!

She touched one flower gently, afraid to mar the perfection of the petals as she twirled around, looking at the hundreds, possibly thousands of red roses. She finally pulled one free and took it with her as she searched the rest of the penthouse. She eventually found him out on the balcony in an identical robe and she stood in the doorway watching him for a long moment, just admiring his strong profile and the intelligence as his eyes swiped through the newspaper. She couldn't even look at things that quickly but she suspected that he was reading every word and memorizing the information for future use.

He must have heard her move or something because he turned and saw her standing there. He didn't smile or change his scowling expression as he took in her wet hair and makeup free face. She touched her skin and realized that this was the first time he'd ever seen her without makeup.

"You look beautiful," he said, sensing her insecurity over her lack of facial enhancement. "I ordered coffee and tea. Are you hungry?"

Jessica glanced at the table and saw the silver tea pot and her heart melted a bit more. "I'd love some tea," she said and walked over to the chair next to him. "The flowers are incredible. Thank you," she said shyly.

He reached out and poured her a cup of tea, then re-filled his own coffee from the other silver pot. "I'm sorry that we won't have a traditional honeymoon. I have some meetings that can't be shifted this week. But I'll take you on a trip soon." He snapped his newspaper back, folding it in half so he could read the back side while he picked up his coffee with the other hand. "Do you have a preference on where you'd like to go?"

Jessica wasn't sure what was going on. How could he be so stiff and formal after last night? He'd taken her higher than she ever thought possible and then she'd woken to a room full of flowers. Where was the romantic man that had to be underneath that gruff exterior?

Come to think of it, where was the passionate man she'd had sex with the previous nights? Last night, he'd made her cry out until she was completely out of control, but he hadn't even let her touch him, had been in complete control throughout the whole interlude. Every time he'd touched her last night he'd made her so desperate for release that she was begging him to just let her climax, but he'd been grimly determined to not lose himself in the experience and almost a different person than he'd been before.

"I don't think I really have a preference," she said, trying to think of something to break through the stiff formality of the conversation. "Do you?"

He shook his head while he read through another article in the newspaper. "I'll have my assistant contact a travel agent tomorrow and she will give you some options."

That didn't sound very romantic. She fiddled with the handle to her china cup, wondering what she could say, how she could break through. "Do you have a lot of work this week?" she asked.

"No more than usual," he replied, not even looking up.

She bit her lower lip and glanced around at the views off of the balcony. "This is really lovely," she finally said, wondering if she should just leave him to read.

Edward glanced up briefly, looked at the views of the other buildings and the trees in the distance, then went back to the newspaper. "I suppose so." After a moment, he looked back at her curiously. "If you'd like to live in a place higher up rather than a house, I'll buy you a place in London."

Jessica immediately shook her head. "No, there's no need for anything like that." But that brought up a very interesting question. Where were they going to live? Was she supposed to move in with him? And if so, when was that going to happen? Not to mention the fact that his parents hadn't shared a bedroom. She'd discovered that little fact the last time she'd spoken to Tim. Were they going to share a bedroom? It seemed archaic for a married couple to have separate bedrooms, but she didn't know his thoughts on the subject. He might prefer to have his own bedroom. In his present mood, she hesitated to say anything to him, much less ask about their living arrangements.

He seemed preoccupied with his newspaper so she sipped her tea quietly, her mind racing through all the repercussions of her marriage yesterday. She just glanced to the side and gasped.

"What's wrong?" he asked, the corner of the paper flopped down so he could see over to her.

She pointed to the picture in the gossip page, the one that clearly showed Edward in the elevator with his arms wrapped around her. Jessica's face was obscured but it was obviously a very passionate embrace. Edward's eyes went to where she was pointing and the scowl on his face deepened. She heard a faint curse before he snapped the paper around to read the caption.

He tossed the paper to the side with disgust. "I'm sorry Jessica. There will probably be a media circus outside when we leave."

Jessica smiled, thinking that she had the perfect solution. She curled her legs up underneath her, glad to have the previous Edward back, the one who occasionally showed emotions and passions. "Well then, I guess there's only one thing to do."

He looked at her as if she were only halfway sane. "What do you propose? I dislike having my name in the newspapers, much less my picture taken during a public display of affection."

She had to laugh, excited to see him showing something besides that intimidating impassiveness even if it was anger. "We should just stay here until they go away."

Edward's scowl immediately left his face and a small smile formed on that handsome and oh, so talented mouth of his. He took the hand that had been laying on her lap and pulled her out of her chair, then directly down onto his lap. "And what did you have in mind to do while we hide out here?"

Jessica looked out at the skyline and shrugged. "Oh, I think we could just sit here and stare at the view for a long time. What do you think?"

He laughed softly while his hand snuck inside of her robe, glad to find that she hadn't put anything on after her shower. "I don't really like the skyline. Nothing changes. I like it when things move."

Her smile broadened, relieved that he was thinking along the same lines.

Chapter 11

Jessica stared at the screen but her eyes didn't absorb any of the information there. At least her questions about where they would live had been answered. By the time they'd left the hotel on Sunday afternoon, all of her possessions had been packed up, moved to his house and unpacked by his uber efficient housekeeper.

There were no separate bedrooms she was relieved to know. But right now, she almost wished she could have her own bedroom. At least then she'd have some relief from Edward's constant rigid control. Thankfully, he never tried to control her except when they were in bed. Every night, Edward would take her into his arms and make love to her until she was screaming out, begging him for release. He was relentless in his pursuit of her pleasure, but he wouldn't let her touch him except towards the end. He would release her hands and she'd grab his arms or his shoulders while he drove into her and for a few moments, she was allowed to touch him anywhere she wanted. It was almost as if her touching him would make him lose his control, which is what happened whenever she started to climax. It was odd, and more than a bit scary.

She was applying for jobs ostensibly, but in reality, she was thinking about her marriage and what it was like to live with a man who was so rigidly in control of his life and his world that nothing ever happened that wasn't scheduled. Even when she lost her keys, he always knew exactly where they were. Yesterday she was searching through her makeup, trying to find her favorite lipstick but because she hadn't taken the time to set up all of her makeup on the dressing table he'd had built for her in the sunny side of the massively large master bedroom, she couldn't find the particular color she wanted. That day she'd been muttering to herself about messes and missing lipsticks when he'd walked up behind her.

"What's wrong?" he asked, his hand skimming over her back, his sure fire way to get her attention. Well, it didn't have to be on her back. He really just needed to touch her anywhere and she lost track of what she was doing or thinking and was completely focused on him. She suspected that he did that at certain times just to see if he could, as if he wanted to know he still had that kind of power over her mind.

That day, she'd told him about the missing lipstick and how she knew she'd put it in her makeup bag last time. Edward, in all of his cool, calculating and impossibly logical way, peered into her makeup bag, stuck his hand in and then a moment later, pulled out the shade she'd been looking for.

"Is this it?" he asked.

Jessica had been so irritated she'd almost forgotten to thank him. He'd walked away chuckling and she'd nearly thrown her brush at his back. She didn't because she would have either missed his back completely, which would only infuriate her further because he would laugh at her again, or she'd have lost the brush as it landed someplace she couldn't see and both scenarios would have irritated her.

He left for work at exactly the same moment each morning, arrived home at almost exactly the same minute each evening, dinner was served thirty minutes after he arrived home, just enough time for him to shower, change and relax with a drink. To Jessica, it seemed that the only changes in his daily routine were how he made love to her each night. The man was a genius at that and more creative than she'd ever thought possible.

The rigidity of his schedule was driving her a bit up the wall. At least she knew she could count on him at a specific time though.

And she was starting to hate the way they made love at night. It was as if he was filled with an obsession to maintain the same rigid control over himself in their bed as he did in all other parts of his life. She climaxed with his expertise, but it was starting to feel empty, as if he weren't a part of their sex life but more like a rigidly robotic male who came to her each night to service her.

She wanted the passionate man back. The one who ravished her and was as completely taken away by the moment as she was. Unfortunately, she had no idea how to find him.

She walked over to his dresser, looking at the sparse objects laid out on top. The man was incredibly handsome, but he certainly wasn't vain. He had a comb, hairbrush and a small wooden box on top of his dresser. She knew that he kept his cuff links in the box, having seen him go through them before when he was getting dressed.

She lifted the lid, wondering how many he had. Not many, she realized. They were all good quality, but there was a gold pair, a black onyx pair and a silver pair. Hmm...she thought. Just like shoes. Sort of. She laughed at how silly she was since she owned about fifty or more pairs of shoes. She probably had three pairs of black pumps so those already outnumbered his cuff link collection.

Something was tucked underneath all the items though. She bent low and pulled out the smaller wooden box. When she opened the box, she found a pressed flower. It was flat and white with brownish edges and it took her a moment to figure out what it was. When she finally made the connection, her heart almost melted with the love that struck her at that moment.

The flattened whitish object was the rose she'd snuck to Edward the day of his mother's funeral. He'd been sixteen, she'd been five and she'd cried for him and for his loss. They'd watched each other during the funeral and she had sent her aching heart to him, crying those tears for the young man who had been admonished to not show any emotion.

Well he had, and the evidence was right here. Whether he'd saved this rose because she'd given it to him or because it had been from his mother's funeral, she didn't know. But the rose had been preserved and cared for all this time.

The love for the man she was married to burst in her chest and she could no longer deny how she felt. The man was impossible sometimes, but he was hers and she loved him for all of his human frailties that he refused to show. Except with these small gestures, she thought as she twirled the rose carefully in her fingers.

An idea occurred to her and she blushed at the possibility of even asking someone else how to break through this issue. Would Edward be angry that she'd discussed their personal relationship with another man? But James was her friend and they'd talked about so many other things over the course of their friendship, wasn't this just more of their confidences?

They'd laughed and talked about politics and economics, science and numerous other subjects, but this was much more personal. And she didn't want Edward to be offended by her talking to someone outside of their relationship.

But she really didn't want to go through another night like she'd had over the past week. There was no doubt that he could manipulate her body so that she was a marshmallow when their lovemaking was finished, but it was a lonely process. She never felt like he was her partner in the sex act. It was more like he was the maestro and she was the orchestra, making all the music by herself, but somehow separate from him at the same time.

She nibbled on the pad of her thumb, trying to figure out the best way to handle this. In the end, she couldn't come up with an alternative. She reached for the phone and called him.

The following day, Jessica smiled at James as she crossed the restaurant, giving him a big hug before she sat down across from him.

"This was a surprise. What's the occasion?" he asked as he sat down as well.

Jessica took the menu from the hostess and smiled before setting it to the side. "I need your advice," she said and leaned forward, crossing both of her arms across her stomach and looking at him intently.

James did the same, his watchful eyes trying to decipher what was going on. "Okay," he said and noticed her blush and the way her eyes looked downwards. "What's up?"

She fiddled with her fork and opened her mouth to start to speak, but the waiter arrived to tell them about the specials for the day. Jessica quickly looked at her menu and ordered a salad, then waited while James put in his order. She was relieved when the waiter finally left them alone once again.

"Okay, spill it," he said, leaning forward on his arms as he watched her carefully. "You obviously have something very important to discuss and I'm dying to hear all about it." He paused for a moment and stilled. "Edward isn't mistreating you is he?"

Jessica shook her head, letting her breath go in a whoosh. "No. Of course not. He's a very gentle and considerate man. It wouldn't occur to him to do anything abusive to me or anyone else."

James laughed and shook his head. "You don't know his business practices. The man is brutal."

Jessica grinned. "Coming from one brutal real estate mogul about a brutal financier?" she quipped.

He conceded the point with a shrug. "I don't let the small things stand in my way."

She laughed, but moved on, not wanting to critique his business style which she knew to be completely ethical and legal. Both Edward and James were financial geniuses and if someone else had a weakness of which either man manipulated, that was none of her business.

"No, this is something else I need your advice about."

"Okay. Tell me."

James was nothing if not blunt. He didn't beat around the bush about anything and became irritated when anyone else wasted his time while they dilly dallied around the subject. "I need your advice about sex," she said with a blush.

James was silent for a moment before he burst out laughing. "I had it all wrong about the old man I guess. Not that I thought about it long and hard, but Edward was probably the last man who would need advice on moves for a lady."

Jessica shook her head. "Not that way," she whispered. "Edward is very.....adept," was the only word she could come up with.

"So he always leaves you satisfied, right?" he asked with his usual bluntness.

Jessica wasn't exactly sure how to respond. "Yes," she started off. "Well, no, not really." She sighed and shook her head. "It's more complicated than that."

James covered her hand with his, trying to reassure her. "What's on your mind?"

She looked into James' kind eyes and took a deep breath. "Well, you see...Edward..."

When she still had trouble forming the words, James took pity on the lovely woman and urged her on, trying to be open and honest about a subject many found embarrassing. "Because of our previous comments, I'm guessing this has something to do with sex, am I right?"

She nodded her head.

He tried to hide his amusement at her blush as he continued probing. "Something about it you don't really like."

She nodded again.

James laughed softly and squeezed her hand. "I can't guess any further. You're going to have to give me some specifics if you want me to help you out."

Unfortunately, the waitress arrived with their meal at that moment and Jessica took the time to figure out exactly how to ask him the question. By the time the woman had left after offering fresh pepper and grated cheese, both of which were impatiently declined, Jessica decided to go about this a bit differently.

"So...if I wanted to make a guy crazy, what would I need to do?" she asked, picking up her fork and stabbing a tomato almost violently.

James was looking down at his plate but her words caused his head to snap up. "Are you telling me that Edward isn't interested in you? Because if that's the case, I'll definitely have words with him. I thought he was more intelligent than that."

Jessica quickly shook her head. "It's without doubt nothing like that. He's very interested. Almost too interested in....well, you know, satisfying me." She sighed and took a long swallow of ice water. "It's not right," she finally got out.

He looked at her curiously. The images that popped into his mind regarding sex that might not be 'right' were disturbing because everything he did regarding sex was definitely 'right'. He knew that there were some troubled people in the world though. "What's not right?" If Edward was doing something that made this woman uncomfortable...well words would not be adequate to appease the rage he was feeling at the idea.

Jessica sighed and put her head down on the open palm of her hand. "The way he makes love to me now. It's not....passionate," she finally got out. "He's so focused and intent. So precise about the whole process. But before we were married, it was passionate and crazy and wonderful. Now it's just....controlled and almost methodical." She grimaced and put down her fork. "I want to know what I can do to drive him crazy, so I can get the other lover back."

There was still a moment of confusion, but as she spoke, understanding dawned in him and he smiled, intensely relieved that there wasn't anything dysfunctional going on. "So Edward likes to control the situation and he's not letting go and enjoying the fun, is that it?"

Jessica raised one shoulder. "Well, I'm pretty sure he enjoys everything, just not with the kind of...wild abandon he used to have."

"And you want the crazy lover instead of the controlled one. Am I right?"

"Exactly." She sighed, enormously relieved that James finally understood even though she'd completely jumbled the explanation. "So what can I do to change this?"

James sat back and stared at the lovely, vivacious woman who was nervously playing with her fork. He had gotten to know Edward over the past couple of weeks and was already working on a business deal with him so he had a great deal of respect for Jessica's husband. He didn't want to intrude, but he also knew that he had to help Jessica with her problem. And hopefully help Edward as well.

"Not to get into details, but have you thought about doing something to get him into that crazy passion before he touches you?"

Jessica thought about that for a moment. "No, not really. There's not much of a chance to do that," she explained carefully. She didn't want to reveal too much about her personal life, but she wanted James to be clear about what was happening.

James nodded, having the same issue whenever he was around Julianna. And he really loved breaking her out of that cool, composed facade she liked to portray to the world. When he got beneath her control, she was like a different woman and he loved it!

He thought of all the things that might work, ideas that she could actually do without too much embarrassment or inhibitions. "Be more suggestive from a distance. Tease him more. Get him to a place where he can't maintain the control he constructs around his whole life. You want him to be the man he is underneath that rigid control, right?" he asked, knowing he wanted the same thing with Julianna.

"Right."

"So do things he's not used to. Things he won't expect. And do it at a time when he can't control the situation so that when there's more privacy, he's already to the point that you want him to be."

Jessica laughed, her mind already going into overdrive as she thought about different ways to push Edward over the edge. She'd done that over and over again in the beginning but she hadn't even been aware of it. But to do it on purpose?

She took a bite of her salad and her shoulders relaxed. "I like the idea. I think I'll stop by the book store and get some specifics."

James raised his eyebrows and shook his head. "I have a funny feeling that you could come up with ideas all on your own. I shudder to think of what crazy ideas books might give you. They have the basics, but you tend to put your own spin on everything."

Jessica was about to take another bite, but his comment stopped her and she smiled, tilting her head to the side. "James, that's probably the nicest compliment anyone has ever given me."

James rolled his eyes. "Shut up and eat, you strange woman. And tell me what else is happening in your life."

She did as he said and explained her job search, the strangeness of living in Edward's house when she'd been living in her father's house her whole life except when she'd gone away to school and the events coming up this weekend.

By the end of the meal, Jessica was so eager to come up with different ways to drive Edward crazy so that he would lose that horrible control of his she practically jumped up once the bill was paid, gave James a huge hug and hurried out of the restaurant.

She went directly to a bookstore and bought several titles that seemed like a good start, then headed back to Edward's house to read them. Ensconced in the middle of their bed, she read through one idea after another, becoming more and more turned on as she read through their suggestions. She couldn't wait for Edward to come home so she could try out some of their ideas.

When he walked in that night, she jumped off the bed, unaware that the afternoon had passed by so quickly. She smoothed down her grey dress and slipped her red shoes back on, then gathered up all the books that were scattered over the bed, hiding them in her closet way in the back so he wouldn't find them.

She hurried down the stairs, smoothing her hair as she went, hoping that Edward wouldn't notice anything out of the ordinary.

"Hello Edward," she said and reached up to kiss him on the jaw.

Edward saw her and bent down low, so the kiss that had meant to be just a peck turned into something more. When he lifted his head, he noticed that her cheeks were a bit more red than usual. "What's wrong?" he asked, holding her close as he looked at her eyes. "Are you feeling well?"

Jessica's hands immediately went to her cheeks and she stepped back. "I'm fine. Why?"

"Because your cheeks are flushed and your eyes look like you're about to cry."

She laughed and shook her head, her curls bouncing around her head and shoulders. "Nope. I feel wonderful. How was your day?" she asked, her fingers fiddling with the tiered, colorful necklace around her neck. Her mind was going over and over the things in the books and she wanted so much to try them out, but wasn't sure how to approach the issue.

Edward poured himself a scotch and a glass of white wine for her. "What did you do today?" he asked as he took a sip.

Jessica fiddled with her wine glass, still nervous. "Um....I went out to lunch with James," she said, not wanting to reveal that she'd read a bunch of books on sex because of that lunchtime conversation.

"How is he doing?" Edward asked, knowing that Julianna was fighting her feelings for the man. James would win, though. Julianna should just give up the battle because James was just like him. Edward always got what he wanted. Well, almost he thought as he stared at his beautiful wife. Right at this point, he wanted Jessica in bed, on her back and screaming out his name but that would have to wait until later tonight.

And he wanted her to love him. With a sigh, he accepted that it probably wasn't going to happen. Maybe in time, he told himself. Be patient.

"He's doing really well. Apparently he's bought up the whole side of the waterfront with all the abandoned buildings. He's going to make them into apartments and condominiums."

Edward already knew this since he was a partner in the deal. "It's going to transform the waterfront," he said, nodding his head. "I'm going to go take a shower. I'll be back downstairs in ten minutes, okay?"

Jessica nodded, her mind feeling deflated since he was following his normal routine. But what could she expect as she watched his retreating back. Jessica hadn't given him any alternative. She'd just stood there looking up at him and wishing she had the courage to change things.

Well, it was time to seize the day, she told herself and she set the unwanted glass of wine onto the countertop of the bar, squared her shoulders and followed the man in question. She was going to drive him crazy even if it drove her up a wall as well!

In their bedroom, she considered her options. Thinking back to all the suggestions she'd read about in the books, she thought of one that she really wanted to try. He'd never even let her come close in the past but the idea was so tempting she decided that tonight was her chance. Especially when he was in the shower, it was the perfect opportunity.

She slipped the zipper on her dress down, leaving the necklace in place since it made her feel sexy, decadent. She wanted to leave the shoes on, but they definitely weren't waterproof so they were left behind as well. Walking into the bathroom, completely naked except for her necklace, earrings and her wedding rings, she found him lathering himself down with that incredible soap he preferred. As soon as he saw her, his hands stilled and he watched her approach.

She opened the glass door of the shower area and stepped inside, the steam instantly making her hair curl even more than normal. She watched his eyes and smiled, enjoying his surprise.

"What are you doing?" he asked, his voice already deep and husky, his eyes moving over her nakedness, hungry and devouring her.

"I thought I'd break up the routine a little bit tonight," she said by way of explanation. She continued moving towards him, her eyes watching him carefully, just as he was watching her. She knew the moment he realized what she had planned because that very part of him that was her goal was no longer relaxed, but standing at attention for her. Good, that would help her with what she had planned.

When she was close enough, she kissed the middle of his chest, her hands sliding down his soap-slick body. She watched him carefully, her eyes not leaving his while he stood there, stunned by her ministrations. Jessica felt sexy and powerful as her fingers wrapped around his manhood, not tightly but firmly and watched as his eyes closed. Gaining confidence, she let her fingers explore the textures of that part of him that gave her so much pleasure. She slowly lowered herself down until she was kneeling in front of him. She opened her mouth but before she could get her first taste, Edward lifted her into his arms and took over. He kissed her so passionately, she thought she might be getting her wish, but he stepped back, rinsed off, then dried her sweetly after carrying her to the bed. He laid her there and kissed her everywhere, making her writhe underneath him. And only then would he move inside of her, filling her up and moving until she was once again crying out his name as her release washed over her.

A long time later, when their breathing was slightly back to normal, he shifted so that he was leaning over her and looked down into her exhausted, brown eyes. "What was that about?" he asked gently but with a stern expression on his face.

She reached up and touched his cheek softly. "I just wanted to do that to you."

"It's not necessary," he said and kissed her neck.

She wanted to talk about what had happened, but he stood up, pulling her along with him. "We need to hurry or our dinner will be cold," he said and disappeared into his closet. She grabbed her robe and considered following him, but she was just too angry right now.

Instead of putting her dress back on, she pulled on a pair of yoga pants and a tee shirt that skimmed along her waist, making her feel pretty with an athletic twist. When he emerged from his closet in a pair of slacks and a sweater, she looked him up and down. "Don't you own a pair of jeans?" she asked.

"Of course. I don't wear them to dinner though."

She put her hands on her hips and glared at him. "Is someone coming to dinner?" she demanded.

He smiled down at her murderous expression, finding her irritation with his clothes cute. "Are you angry that I won't wear jeans?"

She released her breath, blowing her hair out of her face. "Of course not. You can wear whatever you are comfortable in. I was just wondering why you thought it was necessary to dress up when it will only be the two of us in the room."

He kissed her on the top of her head and walked towards the door. "Let's go have this argument over dinner, shall we?"

She almost screamed when he walked out of the room, whistling as he descended the stairs. He didn't get it but that was also her fault. Her mood had nothing to do with why he was more comfortable wearing slacks to dinner verses jeans. It had everything to do with why he was more comfortable doing everything to her during sex and not allowing her to do anything to him.

Slowly, she followed him down the stairs, wondering how she was going to bring up the subject. She was getting desperate, afraid that this might be the way it is for the rest of their marriage if she didn't say something quickly. He might start to think she was fine with what he did during her moments of passion, but she was truly starting to hate sex, wanting more of a functional role in the activity versus simply a passive recipient.

She hated his irritating, annoying and downright obnoxious control!

By the time the weekend rolled around, she still hadn't had the courage to try again, but things were getting desperate. Saturday night, she stood in front of her mirror, almost gritting her teeth with frustration. She pinned an earring in, a pretty pair of diamond earrings that Edward had given her earlier in the evening. Since they were getting ready to attend a dinner party with his business acquaintances, and the earrings went well with her black, sparkly cocktail dress, she decided to wear them instead of the glass beads she'd been intending to wear for the evening.

Unfortunately, Edward had been in and out of meetings so often lately, even coming home late from work so she hadn't had a chance to talk to him, or even try out some of her new tricks on him. She'd poured through the books she'd bought, trying to come up with various ideas but everything she did seemed to backfire on her.

She had a plan tonight though. And if it didn't work, she was going to stand up to him, maybe even handcuff him to the headboard. And yes, she'd bought a pair of handcuffs this afternoon, just for that purpose, her frustration reaching new heights after last night's lovemaking.

Edward came out of his dressing room, distracted and talking on his cell phone about something with numbers so large she couldn't even fathom what he was working on. He walked by her and bent low to give her a kiss, almost missing her cheek which showed how distracted he really was.

"Did you need to skip tonight?" she asked when there was a break between calls. She leaned back against her dressing table, crossing her arms over her chest.

He looked at her through his mirror as he straightened his bow tie. "Why would you ask something like that?" He grabbed his tuxedo jacket and pulled it on. "Are you ready to go?"

Jessica watched as he walked out of the bedroom, taking another phone call on his cell phone.

As she saw this situation, she had two choices. She could be angry with the obnoxious man and start yelling at him, making a scene to show him how frustrated she was. In which case, she suspected that Edward would become mildly irritated by the change to his schedule and walk away anyway and Jessica still wouldn't be able to make him understand her preferences.

Or, she could make him understand in her own manner. She could distract him in her way, in her time when he was least expecting it. Once she had his full attention, she could explain her frustrations and show him what she really wanted from their intimate relationship.

Plan B seemed like it would have a bigger impact. And thinking back to one of the suggestions in a tiny little pink book, she thought she had the perfect way to get Edward's attention. And hopefully she could eliminate that horrible control issue he had when it came to sex. At least she hoped so.

She walked down the stairs, the plan forming in her mind. It would have to be at the perfect moment. And early enough in the evening that he would have to think about it for a long time before he could do anything about it.

By the time they arrived, Jessica had her plan all worked out. The party was in full swing and she greeted the hostess with enthusiasm. About a half hour into the night, while everyone was sipping cocktails and nibbling on appetizers, Jessica excused herself from her group and moved off into the bathroom. There, she wiggled out of her underwear, specially chosen underwear with lace around the edges that looked so pretty on, but would look much better very soon.

She tucked the underwear into her clutch purse and left the bathroom once again. As she entered the living room, she looked for Edward. Thankfully, because of his height, he was a head taller than most of the other guests in attendance. She made her way towards him and smiled up at his handsome face when she reached him. She was warmed when he automatically put his arm around her, pulling her close and making her feel welcome even if he continued his conversation with another couple.

Her chance came when the hostess announced that dinner was to be served in the dining room. Jessica pulled him back a moment so that they were in the back of the crowd. There, she turned to face him so that no one else could see what she was doing. She took the piece of lace out of her clutch and slipped it into the pocket of his dinner jacket, then patted the place outside to make sure it was flat. "There," she said and turned around.

He grabbed her elbow and spun her around again. "What did you just put in my pocket?" he asked, opening the jacket while his free hand started to pull it out.

She shook her head and tucked the lace back down. "Don't do that. It's my underwear." She stood up on her toes and kissed him quickly. "I don't want everyone else to know that I'm not wearing them and I definitely don't want anyone to know that my underwear is in your pocket."

She patted his chest once again, then moved into the dining room to find her place. Thankfully, she was right across the table from Edward and so she could see the stunned expression on his face. He looked like he'd just been hit with horrible news and he was struggling to decide what to do about it. As she pulled her chair back, he looked down at the hem of her cocktail dress, making sure that it was long enough and wouldn't reveal anything while she sat down.

Jessica watched him, a secret smile on her face. She even put her hands on her thighs, letting him know that she was wiggling around on her chair. Edward glared at her, his face no longer an indifferent mask or even a socially amused expression. He was furious and wasn't afraid to show it.

She smiled at her dinner companions, both men who were relatively handsome but nothing even close to how glamorous Edward was. He was like a movie star with his tuxedo and his dark skin, those intelligent eyes that saw and understood everything.

As the dinner progressed, Jessica became more distracted by Edward's heated glances. She wasn't exactly sure about his reaction, but she was pretty sure she would experience a bit of Edward's passions, although she wasn't completely sure in which emotion that passion would manifest itself. She was eager for both, hoping she could turn the negative one into the one she actually wanted to see.

The dinner seemed endless, especially since Edward continued looking her way. Each time he did, she moved slightly, her body responding to the touch from his eyes almost as if it were his hands. Unfortunately, by the time the second course was served, Edward was back to his normal rigid control. He spoke to the people on both sides of him, even the woman who had a bit too much of her ample bosom showing over the top of her low cut dress.

There were so many courses that Jessica wanted to throw her dessert across the room at Edward. She wanted a reaction, she wanted him to be looking at her like he had at the beginning of the meal. She wanted his anger or his passion or anything other than this complete indifference. He was paying more attention to the women on both sides of him than he did to her.

Jessica moved over to Edward, her mind working on Plan C as everyone walked slowly out of the dining room for coffee in the living room. Unfortunately, she hadn't really formulated a Plan C since she'd been so excited about Plan B. So when she felt his hand on her bottom, his fingers obviously trying to determine if she had really taken off her underwear, she gasped and looked up at him, seeing the heat in his eyes. His touch had the normal affect on her and she almost jumped with his touch, her pulse increasing exponentially and she glanced up at him. "What are you doing?" she asked, her mouth slightly open when he pulled her closer. She suddenly felt that he wasn't as immune to her pre-dinner action as she'd thought. He hid the impact well, but he growled into her ear, "You're going to pay for this." His voice was rough and gravelly, sending both excitement and fear down her spine.

As she stared up at him, she whispered, "I certainly hope so."

He grabbed her hand and dragged her over to their hostess. "I'm sorry, Lana, but we have to leave early." He reached down and air kissed her cheeks, then turned around and dragged Jessica behind him, not even allowing her to say goodbye to their hostess. Jessica waved goodbye as she tried to keep up with Edward's long strides while he pulled her out the door and into the night.

Since Edward had just sent the message to Tim letting him know that it was time to pick them up, he wasn't outside like he normally was when they left some place. So Edward took the opportunity to press her back against one of the long columns on the front steps of the house. The night air was cool, but with Edward's lips on hers, kissing her as if he wanted to punish her in some way, she didn't feel anything other than the heat of his hands and his body as it pressed against her, his hands almost lifting her off her feet.

She wasn't even aware of Tim's arrival, and she was thrilled when Tim had to clear his throat, apparently several times, because not even Edward heard him the first time.

When Tim's noises finally broke through, Edward scowled down at Jessica, his mouth a grim line and he shook his head as he grabbed her hand and pulled her down the stairs. Tim slammed the door behind them and before the car was even moving, Edward pulled her onto his lap and slid his hands up her thighs, discovering her thigh high stockings with the lace at the top, and nothing else stopping his hands.

Jessica gasped as his fingers moved along her skin, her body on fire. "Yes!" she gasped when his finger slid inside her. She let her fingers tear at the buttons on his shirt, discarding his tie and moving everything out of the way so she could feel his skin and the light hair that was scattered over his chest.

"I love you," she gasped victoriously as her hands worked at the zipper on his slacks. Her hands found him, released him and reveled in how strong he was. Unfortunately, she didn't have much time to think about that since he sheathed himself with a condom only moments before he grabbed her hips and pushed inside of her, her legs on either side of his hips and she grabbed his shoulders as she adjusted to his invasion. Her head fell backwards as she moved up, then slid down his length once again, setting the pace. When his hands gripped her hips in an effort to increase the pace, she shook her head and called out, "No!" and he instantly released her, his eyes looking up at her with a worried expression for a moment before she smiled at him, her intent apparent in her eyes.

Slowly she moved along his length, setting a slow pace, letting her body control how and when she moved. Edward allowed it, sweat breaking out on his forehead and he was gasping for breath as she rode him. As she neared a climax, she sped up, moving her hips until he grabbed them once again and took control. At this point, she didn't mind, even enjoyed it when he gripped her in an almost painful hold and moved her more quickly, his thrusts bringing her to an almost instant climax that rode on and on until he too found his release.

Afterwards she collapsed against his chest, feeling his arms move around her back, his hands shifting up and down, along her legs and back up her sides. "I can't believe you did this to me," he groaned.

She laughed and kissed his chest, still mostly covered by the tuxedo shirt because she hadn't had the time to work the buttons off.

"I can't believe we just did that," he commented, still sounding dazed as he tried to catch his breath.

Jessica snuggled closer. "I love it when you're like that."

He grunted and shook his head. "Out of control and ridiculously fast?"

She stopped and looked up. "Passionate and human," she countered. Jessica kissed him gently. "I love it," she finally said.

"No you don't." Edward leaned his head back and sighed.

She pulled herself up and slid off his lap, adjusting her dress while he adjusted his own clothing. "Don't tell me what I like and don't like, Edward," she snapped at him. "I might love you to distraction, but it really makes me furious when you try and tell me what I may or may not like."

She was busy looking around for her shoe and didn't realize that he'd gone completely still. When she found her shoe, she grabbed it and sat back up on the leather seat next to him, slipping it onto her foot. "Why did you say that?" he asked softly, the limousine still moving smoothly through the nighttime streets towards his home.

Jessica felt the stiffening of his body and looked up, trying to understand what she'd done wrong.

They arrived back at his house and Edward finished dressing quickly, then surveyed her appearance to make sure she was presentable as well. From the color in her cheeks, he knew that she looked more...satisfied, but there was nothing to do but get her into the house where he could talk to her.

Once inside, he pulled her into the living room and closed the doors. "Sit down, Jessica," he said softly. When they were both seated, her on the sofa and him on the seat in front of her, he took her hand and held it between both of his. "I wanted you to know that you don't need to say things like that."

She looked confused. "Like what?" she asked, her stomach clenching in fear of what he was trying to tell her.

"That you love me."

She looked down at their hands. "Edward, I do love you. I don't like the controlled way you hold me though."

He smiled grimly and shook his head. "Don't mistake gratitude and good sex for love, Jessica. They aren't the same thing."

"I know that," she snapped and pulled her hand out of his. "Do you honestly think that I don't love you? You drive me absolutely crazy sometimes, but I'm definitely in love with you. How else am I going to put up with all of your schedules for the next fifty years?" she demanded and pushed him back so that she was sitting in his lap. "Don't be such a jerk that you don't know love when you see it."

He held her close, enjoying the way her softness felt against him but he shook his head. "Jessica, you married me because you needed my help with your father's will."

She smiled and kissed his jaw. "No. I married you because you overwhelm me whenever you are close to me. I fell in love with you because you are an incredibly handsome, caring and wonderful man who deserves someone special in his life. Someone like me who can help you feel things. And when you won't allow yourself to feel things, I'm going to be right there, feeling them for you and helping you stay strong like you think you should. And no matter what, I'm going to love you through your whole life."

Edward couldn't say anything to that statement. Not because he didn't have the words, but because his throat was constricting around the things he wanted to say. So instead of speaking, he pulled her close and buried his face in her neck, breathing in her soft, sweet scent and telling her with actions that he would love her back just as fiercely.

But those actions weren't adequate. He pulled back and kissed her gently. "I love you to. I think I've loved you ever since you danced into my life with those red cowboy boots."

She laughed and rolled her eyes. "Edward, admit it. You hate those boots." But she didn't care because he loved her too! She'd destroy those boots if it made him happy.

"I love those boots," he growled and bit her earlobe. "In fact, how about if you wear those boots tonight and I'll show you just how much I love them."

She giggled and hugged him closer. "I truly do love you, you know."

"I think I'm starting to understand. And I love you too. I'm very glad you burst into my life, Jessica. I'm sorry my uncle had to break his leg to get you into my life, but I'm glad about the results."

"Me too," she whispered and kissed him again, showing him how much she really did love him.

Julianna Holbrook sipped the cold white wine and shifted her back so it was more towards the crackling fire. She was suddenly cold and she shivered as she rubbed her hands over her wool covered arms to warm them. Or was it that ominous feeling she couldn't shake? That foreboding sense of impending doom that had nothing to do with the air temperature?

She'd never considered herself a superstitious person before. She believed there was a scientific explanation for everything, even when humans couldn't explain something yet. But this was a feeling that wasn't really tangible. It was...just...a feeling. A sense that something was going to happen. When had this feeling started? Why was she being so silly and even thinking about it? Normally, she would simply shrug off something so....metaphysical for lack of a better term. So why was she even paying attention to this odd sensation?

She had no idea, but she wiggled again, trying to get comfortable. This was ridiculous, she told herself and smoothed the blue wool skirt back over her knees, crossed her legs at the ankles....tucked the pillow more firmly behind her. She still couldn't get relaxed! There was just something.....wrong.

She looked at the other two occupants of the room, wondering if they were feeling this odd, tingling sensation as well. Edward Livingston, her significant other, for lack of a better word, appeared to be engrossed in a conversation with the vivacious hostess, a beautiful woman named Jessica Mallory who wore a fabulous pink dress that hugged her incredible figure, adorned with gold chains around her neck and wrists along with gold hoop earrings. Her curly hair swished and danced about her face as if nothing could be still around her. In fact, the air around the mysterious and beautiful Jessica Mallory seemed to be vibrating with energy as her chocolate brown eyes smiled at both her and Edward while the three of them conversed.

Julianna smoothed her blond hair self-consciously. The glossy, elegant twist she'd pulled it into for the dinner party was still in place but she wished she'd worn a color other than the light blue dress. The material was excellent and the cut made the dress a perfect fit for her figure, but she felt washed out, bland, especially compared to the fabulously adorned Ms. Mallory. Unfortunately, Julianna melted into the decor. The walls were cream, about the same color as her hair and the sofa was blue, nearly the same color as her dress. She sighed as she thought about how often she looked like the decorations. It seemed to be an issue that plagued her consistently

Jessica Mallory probably never had that problem, she thought. The bright pink looked extraordinary on her. It took a great deal of confidence to pull off that color and Jessica added just the right touch with the gold chains. Julianna fingered her demure pearl necklace, wishing she had the kind of confidence to wear something with more flair and flamboyance.

When the doorbell rang, Julianna jumped, strangely feeling as if the tension in the atmosphere had suddenly increased. Which it probably had because their hostess didn't look like she was expecting anyone else for dinner. Jessica's eyes were wide with concern as she glanced between her guests and the doorway to the living room where she heard her housekeeper start to answer the door.

Julianna's eyes snapped to Edward's. "Did you invite anyone else, perhaps?" she asked. She immediately felt guilty when she caught the sharp glance he gave her. Both of them were wondering why she sounded so snappish.

Before she could apologize to Edward, a deep voice was already booming from the foyer into the living room and Julianna glanced at their hostess. Jessica's face lit up as she recognized who might be visiting, her pace increasing as she moved towards the front door to greet the newcomer with visible excitement.

"I'm looking for Jessica Mallory. Is she in tonight?" the booming, male voice declared as if he had every right to crash the quiet evening.

Julianna heard the voice and her hand froze in mid air, her wine glass inches from her mouth while her eyes snapped towards the door. That deep, resonant voice sent shivers through her body, making her uncomfortable. Embarrassingly uncomfortable! Who on earth could have that deep of a voice? It was like Barry White with a bit of gravel as well as a touch of southern charm thrown in just for accent.

Edward's voice was deep and made her think of intense, rich coffee, but this voice was more....disturbing in a way that made her knees wobble and her heart rate increase. Just by the sound of a man's voice? Ridiculous, she told herself, but she put her wine glass on the coffee table because her hands were shaking ever so slightly.

"James?" Jessica called out, her feet moving faster as she tried to peer around the door. "Is that really you?"

Johanna felt an intense stab of jealousy shoot through her as the vibrant brunette hurried towards the voice in question. Something inside of her wanted to shout out that the other woman needed to step back and slam the door shut, warn her not to let the strange man into her house. She actually glanced around the room, wondering if there was a place to hide and then realized how silly she was being.

Hiding? At a dinner party no less? This had to be the most outrageous thought she'd ever had in her life! Instead of following her ridiculous instincts, she pulled herself together, gave herself a stern lecture about greeting others properly and, with as much dignity as she could muster, rose from the sofa to stand and welcome the newcomer.

Before she was ready for the intrusion, a tall, muscular man with enormous shoulders filled the doorway to the living room and her knees instantly started shaking. He was about the same height as Edward, but with a different look about him. Where Edward was refined power wrapped in a mask of elegance and manners, this man was just raw, blatant strength. There was no masking anything with the tall, blond man, just an almost painful shock to her senses that had her grabbing the arm of the sofa to steady herself from the man's sensuous impact on her mind, not to mention the effect his presence had on her body.

His black turtleneck showed off his muscles to perfection and his long legs were encased in black slacks, but she instantly wished he were wearing jeans. Jeans that would mold to his long, muscular legs and....what was she thinking? She was practically an engaged woman and she was picturing another man in jeans? She didn't even wear jeans herself! And this man was a stranger! They hadn't been introduced as of this moment and she was already reacting to him in such a physical....carnal way.

She worked hard to suppress her instant reaction, trying to hide her body's response behind a polite mask of mild interest as the large man's startling blue eyes swiftly took in the occupants of the room other than the woman in his arms. When his eyes collided with hers, she felt as if an electric shock had just zoomed through her body. He was still ten feet away and she inhaled sharply when his eyes stopped and looked back at her.

She suddenly felt hot and cold as his eyes slowly traveled up and down her body, acting as if he had the right to visually accost her in such a manner. She glared back at him, telling him with her eyes that he was out of line and acting horribly rude. But the man was audacious and instead of being contrite and looking away as any normal guest would do, his eyes held hers and his grin widened. The man actually caressed her with his eyes in front of the other two people!

When he looked back down at Jessica, she let go of the breath she'd been holding, sliding her palms along the sides of her dress as she realized that her hands were sweating. How juvenile, she thought with derision. When had she reverted to being eighteen again?

Julianna sighed inwardly and shook herself to refocus her mind. She should not be thinking about this stranger. Not in jeans, slacks or in any other way. And especially not naked! She blinked and tried to pull her eyes away from his broad shoulders and gain control of herself. She'd never reacted to another man like this! How could her mind betray her so horribly.

The man was built with muscles everywhere, but that didn't give her the right to....well, to do what he was doing to her!

She knew that Edward was extremely muscular, had felt similar bulging muscles when he'd taken her into his arms and gently kissed her goodnight on previous dates. But there was something about this man, the way he held himself or maybe the way he looked at the occupants of the room in one all-encompassing sweep before stopping on her and not moving that terrified her. He made her want to run and disappear. He was dangerous in ways she couldn't even begin to understand, had never encountered before.

Suddenly those feelings she'd had earlier in the evening, the tension she couldn't explain, came back to haunt her. She had attributed that strange sense of anticipation to the fact that Edward hadn't informed their hostess that another guest would be arriving but this was what she'd sensed was going to happen. This man and his arrogance was the issue she should have shied away from. She should have excused herself earlier in the evening, telling both Jessica and Edward that she didn't feel well.

Julianna watched warily as the man approached, her stomach muscles tightening while it churned with some unknown emotion. She didn't understand her instant dislike of this man, except that she felt that strange sense of danger in him. As his eyes sliced through the other occupants of the room once more, she almost choked on her wine when his eyes came to rest on her again. They were ice blue and intelligent, with something strange in them that increased the shaking in her knees as she endured the introductions.

Jessica introduced him as James Cavanaugh, and for some reason, the name rang a bell but her mind wasn't functioning fully while he looked down at her with that strange sort of omniscience. As he smiled and extended his hand towards her, she wanted to shake her head and tell him 'no', that he couldn't touch her and he should stay away from her. Those eyes, she thought with trepidation, were telling her right back that he wasn't going to do anything of the sort. His wide mouth smiled slightly, as if he understood what she was feeling. And was equally determined that he wasn't going to stay away.

"Can you stay for dinner?" Jessica asked, her chocolate eyes looking up at the man with pleading, but when he looked back down in her direction, Julianna realized that the two of them were just friends. She was actually shocked that Jessica didn't feel the same sort of trepidation when James stepped back and put his arm around her waist.

Julianna tensed with the dinner offer, praying silently that he would turn down Jessica's invitation, say anything and make up an excuse that he had to be somewhere else. When his blue eyes flickered her way, she quickly looked down at her glass of wine. Manners would dictate that he decline the invitation after seeing that the dinner party was already in progress. But she knew that he wouldn't, being the crass, obnoxious man that she already sensed he was after only the ten seconds she'd been in his company.

"I thought you'd never asked," she heard the big, blond man reply and every sense in her system came on fire. She took a sip of her cold wine, wishing it would pass along some of that refreshing coolness to her overheated skin. But nothing seemed to penetrate the heat. She even glanced at the fireplace, wondering if it were one of those automatic, gas fireplaces that could be turned off with a flick of a switch. Even the heat was conspiring against her and she felt like her cheeks were on fire as she looked up at the man who was now staring down at her as Jessica finished the introductions.

"James, this is Lady Julianna Holbrook. Be good," she warned with a stern glance up at the man's smiling blue eyes.

There was nothing she could do. As Jessica introduced the man, Julianna had to offer her hand although she wanted nothing to do with the man and his arrogance.

When his hand took hers, she inhaled sharply, her eyes glancing down at their hands clasped together and she tried to quickly pull her hand away. He held on though, not letting her disconnect from him so easily. As she looked back up into those crystal blue eyes, all her suspicions were confirmed. This man was dangerous. And all that danger was directed towards her and she didn't like it. Not one little bit.

James laughed softly as he took Julianna's cold hand in his large one. "Ah darlin'. I'm always good," he said and caused Julianna's cheeks to turn an even darker shade of pink at his innuendo.

"Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Cavanaugh," she lied, wishing him to purgatory for his boldness.

"The pleasure is all mine," he replied.

Jessica poured him a bourbon over ice and they all sat back down. Unfortunately, the man took the seat next to Julianna despite there being ample room in other places around the coffee table. He even sat too close, forcing her to shift her position closer to the arm of the sofa just so their legs weren't touching. And why in the world did he have to put his arm along the back of the sofa like that? She could actually feel his body heat along her back where that arm was resting as well as all along the side of her where his massive body was too close to hers on the cushion.

Jessica sat back down in her chair and smiled admiringly at James. "James does some weird things with real estate. Aren't you looking at some new property in London now? I thought I remember you mentioning that while we were in Switzerland recently."

Edward almost rolled his eyes. "James is one of the preeminent real estate developers in the world, tackling projects that others think are too risky or even impossible. I wouldn't describe what he does as 'weird', Jessica."

Julianna grasped onto that news as a way to put the man in his place. "I guess that makes your fortunes rise and fall precipitously," Julianna stated, hoping that it was true.

Jessica laughed, her curls dancing once again right along with those gold earrings that made her eyes sparkle even more brightly. "James is the only one I know of that can take a risky project and consistently make it profitable. Investors beg for the opportunity to do business with him even though many of them don't understand the complexities of the project themselves. They just know about his track record and don't care about the risks. James can overcome just about any challenge." She took a sip of her wine, winking at his embarrassment.

"Tell me how many hearts you've broken since last we met," he said as he took a sip of his own drink.

Jessica glanced over at Edward nervously before returning her eyes to James. "Alas, I've been a very good girl since we last met."

James lifted an eyebrow in her direction. "Why do I find that hard to believe?"

She grinned right back at him, refusing to admit she'd done anything inappropriate. "Perhaps because you have a very suspicious mind?"

He threw back his head and laughed, then shook his head. "That's true enough, but I also witnessed you in action. Those men in Belgium were fawning over you left and right and you didn't even notice."

Julianna was astounded that he took every insult with amusement. Jessica definitely had a special relationship with this man and once again, Julianna tamped down the jealousy she felt at the other woman. Just a friend, she reminded herself.

Jessica waved that aside. "You're being ridiculous, James. No one fawned over anyone."

He looked at her with concern. "You really don't know how many men were in love with you, do you?"

She blushed and rolled her eyes. "You're exaggerating. Tell me about the house you're building in Aruba. Last time we were talking you said that you were having problems with the pool. Have you been able to resolve that issue?"

Julianna let the conversation whirl around her. Even Edward laughed and talked about various problems he'd had during a recent renovation, but Julianna wasn't able to participate as much as a polite guest should. She kept trying to move away from the man, feeling too closed in and overheated. But it seemed as if he moved right along with her each time she inched away. She didn't see him move, but the air was continuously filled with his spicy male scent and she couldn't even turn her head away to break that intoxicating scent from filling her lungs.

Beth stepped into the room to announce that dinner was ready and Jessica smiled her thanks.

"I'd like a word with you, Jessica," Edward said to Jessica, putting a hand out to stop her from moving out of the room.

James stood up quickly and looked down at Julianna. "I would be honored to escort you into dinner," he said as he looked down at Julianna's startled expression. He took her hand in his, lifting her up and almost pulling her into his arms. She thought he was going to wrap his arm around her waist, but he simply tucked her hand into his arm and escorted her out of the room.

"I know the way, sir," she said stiffly as he led her out of the room on his arm.

When they were out of the living room and alone in the hallway, she tried to pull her hand out of his grasp, but he held her firmly, looking down at her curiously. "Do I make you nervous, Julianna?" he asked softly so the housekeeper wouldn't overhear.

"Absolutely not!" she gasped and tried to put some space between them but he held her too closely. And the fact was, he didn't just make her nervous. He terrified her. These feelings coursing through her body were scary, different and unnamed. She didn't like feeling like this. She preferred the organized, scheduled life she had with Edward while James made her feel completely off balance and chaotic.

"What if I told you that you make me nervous?" he countered. "In fact, I think I'm completely terrified of you."

She turned her head away, embarrassed that he could see what she was feeling so easily. "I'd say that you are a liar, but since you're not nervous, and you can't say that about me, I won't be so rude as to say something like that to a stranger."

He smiled, not insulted at all by her words. "But we're not strangers. We've been sitting next to each other for the past hour."

Her chin went up defensively and she glared at him. "You were sitting too close, by the way."

He laughed down at her mutinous expression. "Ah, but your lovely perfume was just too much of an allure to hold back." He leaned down and winked at her. "If you don't want a man to notice you, then why did you put so much effort into looking beautiful?"

She took a step back, as far as his hand would allow since he was still holding her hand captive on his arm. "I wasn't trying to entice you! I didn't even know you would be here."

His eyes moved over her pale, lovely features slowly at that point. "I know you weren't trying to entice Edward. So I guess I have to assume you're just naturally beautiful."

She looked up at him, her mouth slightly open with surprise as he looked down at her. They stopped in the middle of the hallway and Julianna tried to think of something to say, but no words would come to her. She should argue that she had been trying to impress Edward, but that wouldn't be honest at all. She'd barely thought about Edward as she'd dressed for the night, had in fact been resentful that he'd disrupted her plans for the evening with his phone call. But how does one respond to such a sweet compliment from a man like James Cavanaugh?

He didn't wait for her reaction but continued with that disconcerting, introspective gaze. "Actually, I think you're one of the most beautiful women I've ever met in my life," he admitted, his free hand coming up to touch her skin.

James looked down at the blond woman and was surprised at how strongly he needed to touch her. He wanted to see if she was real, if she might disappear if he touched her. Giving in to the need, he reached up and ran a finger down her soft, porcelain skin and was shocked at how soft she was under his rough fingertips. And when she blushed once again, he wanted to reach down at kiss her. Never had he been so instantly attracted to a woman before. Women threw themselves at him just because of his size. But when they found out who he was, their pursuit could be embarrassingly aggressive.

And yet this cool cucumber pretended that she wasn't interested even while she blushed at his touch and tried to pull away. Her laughter enticed him and her reserve challenged him as no other woman ever had. He wanted to break through that reserved facade and see what she was like when she wasn't so controlled. His body reacted as he pictured her naked, those small, perfect breasts in his hands and her body writhing whenever he touched her. He wanted to make her scream out as she climaxed from his touch and he wanted to hold her in his arms afterwards, letting the shivers subside.

Damn, but she was gorgeous, he thought.

"This is a completely inappropriate conversation," she said, looking away and wishing that her voice was more assertive. "Please release me," she ordered.

"Or you'll what?" he asked, actually moving closer to her, enjoying the way her nipples peaked underneath the ice blue dress she was wearing. His fingers ached to hold those breasts and his mouth wanted to take those peaks into his mouth. He wondered if he could make her climax from that kind of stimulation and he almost groaned from the image that formed in his mind. "Come home with me tonight," he growled. "Let me show you what we can share with each other."

Julianna gasped and shook her head. Had the man actually propositioned her? Come home with him? They might have sat next to each other for the past hour but they'd barely spoken. How could he think that she would welcome such an invitation?

Goodness, what was happening with her body? Her breathing was ragged and she felt dizzy with the desire his soft touch of his finger on her arm generated inside of her as he let his long finger trail down from her shoulder to her elbow. She couldn't believe she was actually considering saying yes! But just his soft touch and that voice were hypnotizing her, making her want things that were wicked and....inappropriate.

"Leave me alone," she gasped and stepped away, relieved when he gave her the space. But she should have known better. He followed her retreat, backing her up against the wall and shaking his head.

"I don't think I will," he said, referring to her command. "I think we're going to make each other very uncomfortable for a while."

More on this an many other stories at ! Register and receive the introduction to "The Tycoon's Resistant Lover".

