Chapter 1

Darcy watched it all as if it were a movie. The only way to get through the evening was to pretend like she wasn't here. It was the only way to get through the night so the flashing lights didn't make her dizzy, the painfully loud music, which could be felt by the thumping vibrations as well as heard, didn't give her a splitting headache and the four inch heels she was wearing didn't make her feet ache as if the bones themselves were rebelling against the abuse. Instead of being in the middle of the dance floor as she was now, she pretended that she was sitting in a comfortable theatre seat watching the scene. In her movie, the people moving to the heavy beat of the music, laughing and flirting, were all actors, all playing their parts.

As was she. She was only an actress playing a part, Darcy reminded herself. She'd developed this part, this character, coming up with the props, choreographing not just the movements but also the entrance and exits of the main players in each scene, the accessories, the clothing. She'd even written the script. It had taken her years to perfect this scene, years of sweat and aching feet, cheeks sore from smiling and laughing, sleep deprived nights, exhausting, draining flights zipping across the globe to wherever the next scene needed to be played. She had worked to ensure that the correct "audience" was watching too. It wasn't all about the place, props and the costumes. Any director will admit that the audience is key. Play to the audience and everything works out exactly as planned.

Smothering a yawn because there as always someone watching, Darcy continued moving, swinging, laughing. All in an effort to play to the audience. Every time she wanted to just toss everything to the wind, she reminded herself of Fred and Ginger. They needed her. She was all they had and she couldn't let them or any of the others down.

"I need a drink," she yelled out above the music. Without waiting for a response, she turned on her already indignant toes and glided off the dance floor heading straight to the bar. Uncaring if her dance partner was with her or had even heard her, she slipped between the tightly packed bodies until she reached the bar, her eyes rapidly surveying the group of bartenders working diligently to mix all the drinks for the other patrons, slipping their tips into pockets, ringing up credit cards and flashing smiles to whoever was the highest bidder. It was all so cumbersome, she thought, smiling as seductively as possible to Jim, another actor who was playing his part perfectly.

Stepping up onto the stool's wooden foot rest next to her, she was able to get her whole upper body above the bar. Leaning over at the exact angle so that her dress titillated those behind her, hoping to get a flash of more than simply skin, she also purposely looked like she was flashing the bartender, who ogled on cue, and then smiled his gratitude as he leaned in as Darcy whispered something in his ear. Right on time, she felt rather than saw, the flash out of the corner of her eye.

Perfect, she thought with relish. The cameras had been smuggled in somehow, as they always were. Those paparazzi were ingenious at stalking their prey.

Nodding, the bartender moved back, winked and proceeded to mix her "special". A few moments later, two large martini glasses were placed in front of her, just as her dance partner managed to make his way to her side. Her partner apparently wasn't as agile at sneaking through hot, sweaty bodies as she was, but since this was her profession, she'd refined her skill so she was especially adept at maneuvering through the throngs.

Leaning against him slightly, she smiled up at him, winked and downed the contents of the first glass in one smooth movement. With a walk that started to falter, she reached out to hand the martini glass back to the bartender with a nod to fill it up again. "More of the same!" she called out, being heard by several other patrons nearby. Her dance partner wasn't as smooth and was only able to sip his martini. She felt a bit sorry for him since his was straight gin with only a breath of vermouth but there was no time for sympathy in this drama. The play had to go on!

When the next martini arrived with great fanfare, she drank half of that one as well, then pressed against her date, smiling seductively up at him, winked, then moved back through the crowd, all of whom recognized her by now and moved out of the way, eager to see what antics she'd be up to tonight.

Chapter 2

Just a few more minutes, Darcy told herself, trying to encourage her feet to keep moving despite the painful throb each time she stepped onto the hard concrete surface of the sidewalk. She and her "date" had just left the night club and the limousine was within reach so she only had a few more steps and she'd be okay. George, her driver, stood beside the back door, holding it open as she and her date made their way from the last nightclub of the evening to the car. Just a few more steps and she'd be done for the night, she told herself. Smile, look up at the guy adoringly, three steps, avoid looking at the flashes of cameras, she told herself, stumble a bit more to make the ten "martinis" more believable. It was all choreographed perfectly and she had to maintain her character for only a few more moments.

At the open doorway of the limousine, she stopped and looked up at her date as if she were in love, making sure the name of the nightclub was in the background.

Not that she'd know what being in love felt like, she thought disdainfully as her date helped her into the waiting back seat. As a bonus, because this guy was so nice and considerate, she leaned up and touched his cheek with her hand, looking into his eyes, seduction evident in every movement. And Jeremy, sweet, considerate, kind Jeremy, moments before he too dove into the back of the limousine, howled like a wolf in heat. She heard the chuckles of the papparazi a moment before Jeremy slammed the door closed as the engine pulled the long, sleek car away from the curb. Away from the flashes of cameras that made the wee hours of the morning light up like it was mid-day on a hot beach.

Darcy laughed as Jeremy chuckled and messed up his hair.

"Good job, Jeremy," she said without even a trace of an inebriated slur.

He ruffled his already messed up hair and sighed, sinking into the soft leather of the luxurious seats. "That was fun," he replied. "You're very good at this."

She waved her hand as she slipped off her strappy shoes, cringing painfully as the leather straps pulled way from her tender skin. Straightening her feet was the next best thing to heaven, she thought. Or at least right now. She'd soak her feet as soon as she could, easing the pain a bit more.

"It's all in a night's work," she said once her shoes were off and she could straighten out again. A moment later, she pulled a bag off the opposite seat and unzipped the top. "You're going to have to turn away for a moment." She pulled out a pair of well worn jeans and a sweat shirt.

Jeremy did as she asked, even closing his eyes so he couldn't see her reflection in the darkly tinted window. Not that he'd see anything. Her night clubbing costume came complete with a body stocking that was comfortable enough to wear underneath her sweatshirt while she could just slide her jeans up underneath her itsy bitsy dress. The body stocking covered everything underneath her dress and ensured that she could move around during these plays without any embarrassing photos showing up on the internet the following morning.

It took her less than sixty seconds to get out of her costume, at which time she tossed the dress onto the other seat. She didn't care how it landed, she'd never be able to wear it again after tonight. It would go to a consignment shop for re-sale, but not quite yet. She had to wait until the photos of her in the dress showed up in the tabloids and sometimes that took a few weeks. Even her dress sales were carefully choreographed.

"Thanks, you can turn around now."

Jeremy immediately turned, his eyes widening at her complete transformation. "Wow, you really hated that dress, huh?"

"Oh yeah," Darcy replied with fervor. "They're all pretty annoying but serve a higher purpose. Are they still following us, George?" she called to the driver.

"I think I lost them a few blocks back but give me a bit more time just to make sure," he replied.

Darcy nodded her head and started pulling out pins from her hair. "Don't you want to take off that tie? Relax a bit?"

Jeremy shook his head. "This is a bit too fascinating to ignore." He watched as her long, brown tresses fell down around her shoulders, which were then quickly gathered back up and clamped together with an old scrunchy, complete with locks hanging down behind her and loosely hanging down about her neck and shoulders. At this point in the evening, she didn't care if her hair looked neat and tidy or like a rat's nest as long as nothing was poking her scalp.

Next came the makeup cloths. Darcy loved this process the most. As she wiped the already damp cloths against her skin, she could feel her pores start breathing once again. This process took significantly longer than the clothes and hair transformation, but when she was finished, Jeremy's whistle of astonishment proved that she was completely transformed.

"You could pass for the girl next door," he said, amazed at the before and after difference in the woman with whom he'd just spent the last several hours dancing.

"Bite your tongue!" she said, looking at him aghast.

He laughed and glanced back through the rear window. "Looks like we're free."

Darcy looked as well, her eyes scanning the buildings and corners, ensuring that they weren't being followed. "I think you're correct." Calling out to George, "What do you think? Are we safe?"

"Think so!" he replied and immediately swung to the left, heading towards the rendezvous point. Thankfully it was only minutes away but Darcy was already packed up by the time the limousine pulled up next to the darkened Lincoln. Sticking out her hand, she smiled, "Jeremy, you were wonderful tonight. Let's hope we both have good outcomes tomorrow."

"You're a real trip," he commented back, taking her hand and shaking it firmly.

As soon as the limousine stopped, Darcy jumped out and dove into the passenger seat of the waiting Lincoln. As soon as both doors were closed, the black vehicles separated, splitting off and going in opposite directions.

"You're right on time, Matt," she sighed as the driver and her friend winked at her and turned up the heat, knowing how she felt the cold more than others. He always told her it was because she didn't have enough body fat but she would just roll her eyes and shake her head.

Darcy looked out at the night, sighing wearily. The city lights flashed by but she didn't see them anymore. She was tired of the lights, tired of the game. Tired of everything right at the moment.

As they traveled away from the city, slowly the city lights faded and became fewer but the Lincoln continued to travel west, heading into the rural areas beyond the city. Darcy wouldn't know this since she was fast asleep, her legs tucked underneath her and her head resting on her bag as a pillow.

The sun was almost over the horizon when the Lincoln came to a gentle stop. Matt put the car into park then got out and came around to the side. "Darcy. You're home," he whispered.

From experience, he knew to wake her slowly. She was generally disoriented when she was out this completely and would need a bit of help.

Darcy sat up and looked around, not saying a word. There was only one light on outside the car but her mind slowly started to function. "We're home," she croaked out, her voice gone from all the shouting in the clubs, not to mention the smoke of the night clubs.

"Yep. Do you need help walking?" Matt asked.

Darcy shook her head and slid off the seat. Taking a tentative step, she pulled herself out of the car, grabbing the sides to steady herself. The walk from the car to her tiny cottage seemed like a mile but in reality it was only about twenty feet. "I'm fine," she claimed, trying to reassure both herself as well as Matt who was hovering, looking concerned. "Don't worry about me. Go ahead and let Dave know that you're back. He always worries on these nights."

"Dave knows the drill just as well as I do and I'm not leaving until you're sitting on the side of your bed, darling."

Dave and Matt were significant others who helped her on so many levels, not to mention just being very good friends. Matt was always there for her, knew the routine and no matter what Darcy said, he wouldn't leave her until she was in her snug little cottage. There was a great deal of comfort knowing that someone was there to pick you up when you fall, she thought, smiling at his stubborn expression.

Sure enough, as soon as she stepped out of the car, her legs gave out on her, too tired from hours of dancing in painfully high heeled sandals. That's what happens when one doesn't train for these things correctly.

Matt didn't laugh, didn't joke or say "I told you so". He simply put a long, muscular arm around her waist and took most of her weight onto his side, practically carrying her inside.

The lights were dim and she sighed with pleasure as she spotted her bed, quilt turned back and pillows even fluffed. "Dave's a good guy," she sighed as Matt lowered her to the bed. He even bent down and pulled her sneakers off.

"He sure is, love. Go to sleep," he said but he didn't need to tell her. Darcy had already slid down onto the mattress, jeans and all, her arms curled up under her pillow as she sighed with happiness.

Chapter 3

Sergei Anchova's cup stopped mid way to his mouth, his concentration broken by the doors to his office bursting open, his baby sister in tears as she stomped up to his desk. He was busy reviewing the latest financial reports on one of his companies and wasn't amused by the interruption.

"You have to do something, Sergei! This has to stop!"

Sergei considered family most important, until they gave him orders. His little sister was generally a beautiful woman with her blond hair curling softly around her shoulders. That image was distorted at the moment since her brown eyes were tearfully shooting daggers at him. Besides her lovely exterior beauty that could so easily be destroyed by her anger issues, she also possessed a lamentable addiction to being spoiled and a sense of entitlement that he couldn't seem to break her free of. On more than one occasion, he'd considered cutting off her allowance and forcing her to work for a living, but his mother had always talked him out of it somehow.

Carefully setting the china cup back onto the saucer, he looked calmly at the crazed looking termagant standing in front of him. "Good afternoon, Anya. To what do I owe this...not so unprecedented outburst?"

Anya was a decent sort, tending to be a bit impetuous but he attributed this latest outburst to her upcoming nuptials, assuming something else with one of her vendors had gone wrong and she wanted him to fix it. Again.

"I told you. Get rid of her!"

Sergei leaned back in his chair, noting the color in his sister's cheeks and the tears artfully dropping from her long, black lashes. She really was a lovely girl, if she would just grow up and gain some perspective. Obtaining employment would be advantageous to her temperament, although he doubted she would follow through on anything.

It was probably his fault though. Being thirteen years older, he tended to see her as more of a child. It didn't help that she acted like one more often than he cared to admit. But she was getting married, albeit to a man he didn't fully approve of yet. If Sergei had his way, he'd marry his sister off to someone with a bit more back bone. Anya tended to walk over her fiancee, Nicolai, who did everything she demanded of him.

She claimed to love him though, so he'd allowed the wedding to proceed. Although he was currently tempted to send her to her room rather than indulge in yet another fit of outrage over something probably as trivial as the napkins being rose instead of blush, a detail he couldn't give a damn about but was apparently of utmost importance to a bride.

"Could you be a bit more specific?" he inquired, nodding to one of the chairs in front of his desk, silently ordering his sister to take a seat and calm down.

Anya didn't heed the warning, but continued to rant and rave, becoming more agitated when she realized that her big brother, the man who always came to her rescue, was not as outraged at this latest atrocity as she thought he should be. "That woman! She's stealing Nico from me!"

A napkin was one thing. An insult to his family name and honor was entirely a different matter. With deadly calm, Sergei stared his sister into silence. "Please explain in more detail, Anya," he commanded.

Now that she had her brother's full attention, she took a deep breath and sat down in one of the chairs. "That witch! That stupid, vile, fiance stealer has put some sort of spell on Nico and now he wants to call off the wedding. A month before the date! I've already had my final fitting!"

Sergei didn't give a whit about her dress. A cheating fiance, on the other hand, was a completely different subject. That implied weakness on his part, something he would not allow to persist. In business, any sign of weakness was considered an invitation to raid.

He wouldn't allow anyone to consider him, or his family, weak.

"Tell me more," he said with soft, deadly patience.

Anya hesitated, not sure that coming to her merciless older brother was such a good idea now. "You won't hurt him, Sergei!" she sniffed.

"I will do what needs to be done. Tell me why you think he's cheating on you."

She hesitated once more, but wasn't willing to let her Nicolai go to this tramp of a woman. She loved him too much and she needed desperately to marry him. Although she couldn't tell her brother that, or he'd...she shuddered, not wanting to contemplate what he might do if he knew the truth. Sergei was not just merciless, he was terrifying when he put actions into play. She'd seen him crush his competition over the years and even as a small girl, she'd known not to get in his way.

Anya was eternally glad that he was on her side, she thought as she took a deep breath. "Over the past week, I'd noticed that he kept calling one phone number repeatedly, so last night, I stole his cell phone and found the number. After finding out who it was, I was livid. I told him to delete the number from both his cell phone as well as his memory and never see her again, but he refused. He said he was in love with her and had to find out if there was anything between them."

Sergei raised a thin eyebrow at her words. "Your fiance is in love with another woman? And you still want him?"

She scoffed. "Nico isn't in love with that tramp! He's just having pre-wedding jitters. But it's humiliating and I want it stopped. You're the only one I could turn to who wouldn't blab the news all over the tabloids."

Sergei acknowledged her assumptions with a nod of his head. "It was wise of you to bring this to me. Although I would recommend that you eliminate him from your life, despite the wedding. He isn't worthy of your love if he's going off calling another woman."

"But don't you see? He really does love me. And he's perfect for me. I just know we'll be happy once he forgets her and comes back to me. It's all just a silly little crush that he's using as a way to weasel out of the wedding. He'll be fine once he understands that."

"Why don't you talk to him?"

She didn't answer for a moment, trying to control the tears that threatened her makeup once again. "Because he's gone off in search of this...."

Cutting her off before she started voicing more foul language which would only delay understanding of the issue, he smoothly interrupted, "Why did he have to leave?"

Anya waved her hand in the air as if his question was silly. "Because no one knows where she goes. The rumor mill has her in a million different places so even I can't find her. I've even called all my favors with the press and they're stumped. You wouldn't believe what I had to promise to make sure this didn't get into the tabloids."

Sergei sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Perhaps you should fill in the details. A name would be helpful."

"Darcy DiAngelo," she said with exasperation. "Haven't you been listening to anything I've said?"

"Yes. Of course, but I can assure you that at no point in our conversation did you ever provide a name for this mysterious vixen."

Anya was having none of that. "Don't call her anything so complimentary. She's horrible and she's ruining my life!"

"I would argue that perhaps Nicolai is the responsible party. Or more specifically, you are giving someone the power to do that to you."

She waved that aside. "Don't give me that philosophical mumbo-jumbo, Sergei. Will you help me or not?"

"Of course. I cannot have your fiance embarrassing the Anchova name. I will have him back at your side for the Brenizi party."

Anya jumped up, all smiles once again now that her latest problem had been resolved and she didn't have to lift a finger.

Chapter 4

Darcy woke up and stretched, feeling refreshed and relaxed. Glancing at the clock, she wasn't surprised to find that it was already two o'clock in the afternoon. Getting in at dawn tended to shift one's sleep patterns.

Just like the previous evening, Darcy knew how to overcome the shift in daily routine, having done this so many times in the past.

She made herself a cup of herbal tea, stuck a piece of toast into the toaster and walked around in her fluffy pink slippers, humming to herself and doing small chores around the house as her mind and body came fully awake and alert, all the while dodging two gray kittens, one with only half an ear on one side, three dogs and ignoring the rooster that was probably perched right outside her kitchen doorway, waiting in ambush for her to come out and feed him. Darcy wasn't overly concerned about the rooster, knowing that Matt or Dave had already fed the little beast but he wanted more and thought he could sucker her into giving him an extra handful of corn. He was probably right. Darcy was always amazed that a rooster could have soulful, desperate eyes. Matt and Dave simply shook their heads when she explained why the rooster was begging but Darcy knew that the rooster could beg, even if they couldn't see it themselves.

The dogs weren't really the problem this morning. It was the gray kittens that were dodging in between her legs. Although she'd gotten more than enough sleep, that didn't mean her feet had recovered from the abuse she'd put them through the previous night in her four inch strappy sandal heels. So instead of risking either of the little felines getting hurt, she simply picked both of them up and perched them on her shoulders, exactly where they wanted to be anyway. As soon as they'd gotten their grip on her pink, fluffy robe, they started purring and rubbing her ears trying to get a pet in between the feedings of the dogs.

Matt knocked on the door, then walked in without waiting for a response. "You were a very naughty girl last night!" he said, tossing the latest gossip magazine onto the worn kitchen table. "I think you deserve a break from all these ridiculous creatures," he replied, bending down to scratch Fred, a monstrously huge German Sheppard behind the ears. Fred groaned, plopping his hairless behind onto the tile floor and closing his eyes in ecstasy. "Don't you? Are you going to give her some space, you silly dog?"

Matt knew that Fred would do no such thing but the dog loved the attention. Matt stopped scratching and took the only other seat at the table. "So how did it go last night? Everyone behave?" he asked, petting Fred's head since the dog put his head on Matt's thigh, right where Fred's wet nose would barely touch Matt's hand as if it were a prize to be won. Ginger, a sweet little mutt of unknown heritage, not liking the fact that Fred was getting so much attention, moved closer to Matt and laid across his feet, laying claim to that area of her friend.

"Jeremy was the client last night and he was very much a gentleman." The water started to boil and Darcy took down two cups from hooks underneath her cabinet.

"Don't make any of that vile brew for me, dear. If it doesn't have caffeine in it, there's really no point."

Darcy ignored him and poured the boiling water over both herbal tea bags, handing him one with a teaspoon of sugar. "Man can't live on coffee and soda alone, my friend." She took the opposite chair and put both kittens back onto the floor, giving them a scratch and a pat in the direction of their food bowls, which were underneath a cabinet where only a creature their size could get to easily. It was the only way she could guarantee that the dogs wouldn't eat their food.

"And Simon was bar tending last night so he put extra lemon in my drinks so I had added vitamins, thanks to your suggestion, I'm guessing?"

He looked up from the tabloid paper and smiled cheekily at her. "Yep. You mentioned how much you hated the green olives. The lemon peel is just as sophisticated but doesn't have the ick factor for you."

She winked in his direction, very grateful for the interference. "Much appreciated. Those olives were doable for the first few drinks but after about ten or eleven, they started to make me gag."

"What were the pills you were popping last night?" he asked as he read through the article about her exploits from the previous night, taking a sip of the herbal tea and grimacing before putting it back on the table next to him.

She groaned as her own hot tea soothed her sore throat, scratchy this morning from all the smoke in the night club and from yelling over the loud music. "Tylenol. The music and lights were pretty strong last night and I was getting a headache.

He chuckled and shook his head. "You did a great job. I like the little pocket you came up with in the neckline of your dress. Someone saw you reach in 'subtly' to get your fix last night and sold it to the paparazzi. Good idea!"

She rolled her eyes. "I didn't mean for that to be part of the act. I'll have to come up with a different idea. The drinking is one thing. I'm not going to be doing drugs now as well."

He tsked his disapproval. "You might want to reconsider. You could get lots of leverage out of the rehab side of things. And it gives you a good excuse to be gone for long periods of time."

"My disappearances are the perfect foil. The lack of an explanation for my absences up my price when I show up somewhere unexpectedly."

He considered that thoughtfully for a moment. "That's true, I guess." Tossing the newspaper aside, he sighed. "I'm making lasagna for dinner tonight so don't eat a big breakfast, dear."

Darcy's eyes widened. "Lasagna?" Instantly her mouth started watering. "You're too good to me," she said, standing up and kissing him on the cheek. She also reached down and scratched behind the ears of Molly, a mixed pointer-cocker dog that was too shy to stick her nose where Fred and Ginger had already laid claim.

"You're too good for us," he countered. "And besides, you lost too much weight this time. You look a bit emaciated. The lasagna is my way of fattening you up." He also knew she wouldn't skip breakfast, but would easily become too distracted in a few hours and would forget to eat dinner.

"Whatever, I'm in," she said and slipped into the bathroom to shower. "Where's Dave?"

"He's busy," Matt replied. "I'm taking the dogs for a walk."

Darcy pulled the robe back on and walked back out of the bathroom. "Stop!" she called out just as Matt was reaching for the kitchen door handle. "What aren't you telling me?"

"Honey, go take your shower and relax. Everything is fine," he said, still trying to sneak away.

Darcy was having none of that. "Matt, tell me."

Matt closed the door and sighed, turning around to face her once again. "Dave got a call last night."

Darcy knew there was more to a simple phone call. People called the clinic all the time to ask for advice or to check up on their pet that might be housed in the kennel. "Who was this call from?"

Matt looked down at his mud covered boots. "We don't know. But someone was asking about you."

Her blood ran cold as her mind put the pieces together. "You think its Marco again?" she asked, knowing that her brother had been trying to contact her through her agent. Marco was her brother who Darcy suspected had followed in her father's footsteps and joined the mafia. She wasn't sure how he could have resisted the pressure, her father being a very dominating kind of personality. Marco had tried hard to stand up to their father when they were kids, but she'd been a little girl back then and had thought of her brother stepping between her father's hand and her head made him into a hero. Now, however, she was terrified of his interest in her whereabouts. Calling the clinic like this was too close for comfort.

"Dave thinks it's possible."

"Possible?"

He sighed again. "Probable."

She looked around, counting the animals surrounding her, happily wagging their tails or sniffing around. They gave her a sense of security, of rightness. "Did you tell him anything?"

"Of course not. Dave claimed he'd never heard of you. He played it exactly right so you don't have to worry about the phone call."

Darcy relaxed, her body almost sagging against the door to the bathroom. Then his words sunk in. "What do I have to worry about?" she asked carefully.

He was obviously choosing his words carefully. "We have a new guest," he admitted.

Darcy's whole body tensed. "And?"

Matt closed his eyes and shook his head. "And...the poor thing is in pretty bad shape. He's obviously been put through the fights and has lost. A lot," he clarified.

Darcy's pulse was pounding wildly, her heart aching at the idea of another poor dog coming to them that had been through the dog fights. They were illegal, but that didn't mean that the vicious fights didn't happen. They were all over the country in both the rural areas and cities, in back alleys and old warehouses, anywhere a group of brutal, nasty people could gather and bet, make noise and jeer on the dogs that were beaten and starved prior to the fight night to make them more vicious.

Darcy forgot about her shower, knowing that the animal needed her help. She didn't hesitate as she pulled off her robe and grabbed the jeans she'd been wearing the night before and a sweatshirt. She didn't care if Matt saw her naked since he was so in love with Dave and barely acknowledged a female form.

"Show me," she said, rushing out the door. Because of her worry, she didn't even look down at the chubby rooster, despite his best attempts to trip her along her route to the clinic.

Dave was a veterinarian who took in severely hurt animals for free along with all of his paying customers. He had an amazing ability to heal animals that were on the brink of death and Darcy thought he was a miracle worker.

Matt knew better than to argue with her so he led her out of her apartment and through to the surgery area where Dave was just finishing up with the animal's wounds. Darcy didn't enter, but watched from the window as Dave applied a large bandage to one of the wounds and adjusted the dog's IV which would hydrate and medicate.

"The poor little thing," Darcy cried out as soon as she saw the shrunken, wounded animal. "I'll never understand why people do this to the animals."

Matt didn't bother to respond but waited until Dave came out, tossing his surgical apron and latex gloves into the medical waste bins. "He's going to have a tough time, Darcy," Dave warned, already seeing the signs of determination forming on her stubborn features. "He's probably the worst I've ever seen.

She ignored the caution and saw only the shallow breathing of an animal that only wanted to love and protect. "Can I go see him? Talk to him?"

Dave hesitated for only a moment before nodding. "Be careful though."

"He won't bite me," she assured her friend.

Dave shook his head. "I'm concerned about germs, Darcy. He's so torn up from his last fight, so don't touch any of his bandages and make sure his IV continues. It has large doses of antibiotics going into his system, but he's going to have to fight this one as much as he can."

"Understand," she confirmed without taking her eyes off of the tragically weak animal.

Darcy spent the rest of the afternoon in the surgery area, talking to the dog, petting his nose with a gentle touch, reassuring him that he was now safe. The dog never even opened his eyes but Darcy felt sure that she was being heard, even if the animal might not understand.

Dinner that night was more of a distraction for Darcy as Matt and Dave conversed around her while the lasagna was served. Darcy was working through different ways to help the animal once it had recovered, a behavioral plan that would give him the confidence around humans that had been destroyed by the dog fights, making notes all over a large sheet of paper, scribbling out one thing, rearranging the possibilities with sticky notes. All the while, taking a bite of the lasagna whenever Dave or Matt nagged her. They both knew that she would forget to eat if they didn't reminder every few minutes.

Dave and Matt both knew from experience that she would have tunnel vision until she'd perfected the plan, even applauded her efforts knowing that her success rate, combined with Dave's medical skills and Matt's business skills were what kept the practice thriving. She did this with any kind of animal that was hurt or in need of attention, giving her love wholeheartedly to the creatures and nursing them back to health. Dave fixed their wounds, got them healthy physically, Matt fed them treats and ensured that the clinic continued to thrive and Darcy healed their souls and obtained funding through her nightclub visits. The numerous animals running around the vet clinic was testament to how many animals they'd been able to save, and many more were in good homes.

Three days later, the wounded dog was awake, his soft brown eyes watching her warily as she worked around the clinic. She'd named the canine Moxie, since he'd have to have lots of that to get through his wounds, and wheeled him wherever she went except with the other animals. Shelving stock, checking records, whatever it was, she made sure that Moxie was right next to her. Now that he was awake, Darcy couldn't touch him anymore without him cringing so she didn't even try, just put her hand about a foot away from him, inching a bit closer each time in the hope that he would eventually learn to trust her.

She glanced up just in time to see the blond head bouncing outside the clinic windows. "Claire!" she whispered, careful not to yell it out since it would frighten Moxie. Turning to the dog, she smiled brightly. "You're going to love Claire! She's wonderful!"

Claire's platinum blond head poked in through the stock room doors, a huge grin on her face.

"Is it safe to come in?" she asked.

Darcy noted the excited smile and looked at her hand. "He did it?"

She laughed. "Yes. He finally proposed," she said excitedly, showing off the enormous diamond ring she'd gotten just the previous night.

Darcy pulled Claire's hand closer. "Oh, it's lovely!"

Claire was more than thrilled with the idea of marrying a man who was the most incredible person she'd ever met. "He's such a wonderful guy. I can't believe how things worked out. I really didn't think things would, you know."

Darcy knew all about the turbulent relationship Claire had had with her now-fiance. Claire was a genius computer programmer who had broken into Mitch's house in order to find her missing boyfriend. Instead of calling the police, Mitch hired her for his security firm, then proceeded to help her find her missing boyfriend, who Mitch assured Claire was gay. In the process, Claire fell madly in love with Mitch, who she thought only wanted a sexual relationship with her. Turns out, they were both fooling themselves but it appears that things had all worked out in the end.

"And have you re-decorated the rest of his house?" she asked, knowing that Mitch had a fabulous house, but before he'd met Claire, had only put in a desk and computer equipment. Claire went through the rooms, cutting out pictures in magazines, of which Mitch would then turn around and used to fill his house. It was just good karma that they both had similar taste in furniture and decor.

"The bedroom is finally finished," she declared.

"Of course. It's where you spend most of your time." Darcy rolled her eyes at Claire's blush. "You know, before you met Mitch, I didn't think you could do that."

Claire wasn't backing down from the tossed down gauntlet. "And after last weekend's escapades," she said with a roll of her own eyes, "I'm surprised to find you vertical. According to the gossip columns, you're either in rehab, having another tawdry affair, or are in the horribly dirty jail of some small country."

"Good," Darcy chuckled.

Claire wasn't impressed. "Darcy, you've got to stop this craziness. You're going to get hurt."

"Everything is carefully spelled out in the contract. I'm not going to get hurt."

"Who's to say that the next guy who signs the contract is going to obey the letter and spirit of your rules?"

Darcy sighed. "I don't have a choice, Darcy. Look at Moxie," she said, turning to watch the sad animal as he labored to breath. "He needs the money for medicine and treatment. Dave's labor and expertise are free of course, but the medicine, IV, bandages and medical equipment he needs right now are expensive."

"Yes, and the clinic is doing extremely well. If you'd just advertise your own services, you might be able to get out of that crazy night club industry."

"And what about my father?" Darcy asked, throwing down the trump card. "You know what he would do if I even hinted that I wanted to start my own business."

Claire knew that Darcy's father was a notorious mafia boss, although the Department of Justice hadn't been able to pin anything on him despite numerous attempts over the years. "Maybe he'll leave you alone this time. He's been pretty quiet over the past few years."

Darcy moved over to Moxie's makeshift blanket bed. "Tigers don't change their stripes. I think I need to be wary of my brother Marco as well. I've heard small rumblings from that area lately which is never a good thing."

"I thought your brother protected you."

"He tried, but I don't know what happened to him after college. I can't imagine my father letting him out of the family business. I would bet that he's one of my father's main lieutenants."

Claire let the subject drop for the moment, but Darcy knew this wasn't the end of the conversation. As they caught up with each other, Darcy moved around, handing items for Claire to stack, essentially putting her friend to work now that she'd shown up. They talked all afternoon and caught up on the latest happenings and potential wedding dates, all of which needed to be worked around their friend Emma's schedule. Or more specifically, when Emma's daughter might decide to enter the world. Emma was now married to Dharran, Sheik of Sundab and living a deliriously happy life in some far away exotic land and loving her husband completely.

Darcy was sad when Claire had to leave, but Claire promised to have her over for dinner to meet Mitch in the next few days so they could get to know each other better. Darcy laughed and shook her head. "If you love him, I'm sure he's amazing."

Claire hugged Darcy goodbye but gave her another warning before getting into her Mini Cooper. "Please be careful. I know why you do the night club scene but there has to be a better way. I get nervous each time you head out."

Darcy smiled at her friend, truly grateful for so many wonderful people in her life who were concerned for her safety. "I know. And I promise I'm very careful. I have a full staff, body guards and drivers who are looking out for me, not to mention the night club managers who wouldn't dare have anything bad happen that might create negative publicity for their business. I'm their advertising and stamp of approval."

"There's no such thing as bad publicity," Claire warned, giving Darcy a hug before getting into her car and driving away.

"You have a phone call, Darc!" Dave called from the lobby area. "It's Betty." He looked at her with a shake of his head. Covering the mouthpiece, he looked at her sternly. "Don't do this one, Darc. We don't need the money and you lose too much weight when you have to go out. It's too soon since the last job and you haven't had time to recover."

Darcy grimaced but took the phone, sitting down behind the now empty receptionist desk. "Hi Betty. I'm out of circulation for a while so whatever you've got for me, it will have to wait."

She listened for a moment, her eyes widening in surprise. "Why so much?" she asked, a nervous, clammy feeling coming over her for some reason.

Dave and Matt both stopped and watched her, instantly alert, which made several dogs and the kittens also stop. The smaller ones looked around curiously while the larger ones took their cue from the humans. Within moments, everyone was on high alert, simply because of the sudden tension in Darcy.

"I don't know, Betty. Why don't you e-mail me the contract and I'll look it over. This is one of those too-good-to-be-true deals that I'm always nervous of."

She listened for a while longer then shook her head. "Are you sure my father or brother isn't behind that ridiculous amount?"

After a few more "yeps" and "uhhuhs", Darcy hung up the phone and looked at Matt and Dave, both of whom were waiting to hear the news while saving kittens from being trampled by the bigger dogs. The kittens were growing, but still weren't stealthy enough to avoid some of the clumsier moves of their canine companions when they became excited or agitated.

"Don't keep us in suspense," Matt called out, scratching Fred's ears to relax him since he'd started to howl his displeasure at the tension level. Fred instantly stopped, leaning against his scratcher's legs but kept a wary eye out for anything changing. Ginger nudged Dave's hand, demanding equal attention and even Moxie seemed a bit more alert even though he was still laying down attached to an IV on his personal doggie bed.

"They're offering three times the normal amount," she explained.

"Don't do it," Matt instantly commanded. "Your instincts are never wrong so something has to be weird with this situation."

Dave was already nodding before Matt had even ended the sentence.

Darcy thought about it and nodded, agreeing with their assessment. "You're right. That's too much money for an event, and it's even out of the country."

"Definitely don't go."

Darcy agreed. "You're right." She called Betty back immediately and gave her the news, being firm about not participating in this contract. Betty tried to argue, but Darcy was firm. Something was fishy and there was no reason to step out on a limb when there was danger in the works.

Chapter 5

Sergei couldn't believe what he was hearing. The mercenary piece of useless fluff Darcy DiAngelo had refused his offer! Unheard of, he thought with mild frustration, which for him was a pretty major event. He put his hands on his hips, completely oblivious to the soothing view from his office which laid out all of St. Petersburg below him.

He listened with patience as his assistant, Dorothy, explained that Darcy DiAngelo wasn't available for possibly the next several months but would be in contact with him as soon as there was an opening in her schedule.

"Where's Nicolai?" he demanded.

The wary assistant fiddled with her notebook, a sure sign that the impressively competent woman was nervous about answering that question.

"He's disappeared."

"Where has he gone?" Sergei demanded.

Again with the fiddling. "His secretary said he would be gone for the next several months. Almost the exact same wording as Ms. DiAngelo's assistant."

Sergei was dumbfounded that Nicolai would do something so idiotic. The younger man knew what happens when people rile Sergei's temper and it was never good.

"Triple the offer," Sergei commanded with grim finality. "And find Nicolai. Get Jim Wilson on it," he ordered, referring to his international head of security. "Once he's found, I want that idiot under guard until the wedding." Without another word, he walked out on his assistant, leaving her flabbergasted at the amount of money she was going to offer a woman for a one night stand. She was still a bit miffed that she was acting as a sort of pimp, not understanding why she was being tasked in this way. Her skills were well and above this type of activity, but if Sergei needed something, it was her job to ensure that everything went according to plan.

She didn't understand why he needed to pay someone for their company, she thought as she lifted the phone to make the required phone call. Sergei wasn't handsome so much as attractive and alluring. He had that "Come here, if you dare," type of look about him. And the women all came. Flocking to him, actually. Some of them even competing with each other in embarrassing ways to gain his attention. He had to fight them off and it wasn't just his mind boggling bank account balance, or the astonishing power he wielded through the various companies he owned across the globe, although she was sure there was plenty of that to attract the female butterflies that flitted about him whenever he went out in public.

No, those attributes were only the icing on the cake. In fact, Sergei was tall, dark and menacing, a lethal combination to any woman's resistance. Not hers, of course. She wanted nothing to do with Sergei personally. She'd seen too many of the women come and go in his life, and actually ordered all their presents including birthday gifts, flowers and goodbye trinkets costing sometimes more than her annual salary, which was quite hefty.

Granted this Darcy DiAngelo woman was exceptionally beautiful, but so were all the other women Sergei escorted when he wanted female companionship. The women in his life were poised, tall, immaculately dressed and ambitious, but not in the business sense, only in the Looking-For-A-Husband sense. Although many had tried, none had been able to claim him as their personal property yet. Sergei remained firmly in the bachelor category.

Dorothy spoke quickly to the other assistant, wanting this dirty business to be over with as soon as possible. She relayed the new price, telling Betty that the offer was firm and would need to be confirmed in the morning so travel arrangements could be finalized.

With that, she swished her hands together as if they were grimy and shut down her computer.

On the elevator ride down to the parking garage, Dorothy noticed a young woman reading one of the tabloid magazines and that silly Darcy DiAngelo was front and center, obviously drunk and putting something in her mouth. Dorothy guessed it was some sort of drug and she didn't even want to know what kind. She simply couldn't imagine what kind of woman would sleep with so many men, drink so heavily and take drugs as if they were candy. Ms. DiAngelo was young and beautiful, she probably had plenty of money from her father's mafia business since the tabloids mention that she hadn't worked a day in her life. In Dorothy's mind, the obnoxious woman should be doing something worthwhile with her life. Something that would pay back society for the horrible things her father is suspected of doing.

Dorothy sighed and shook her head. It wasn't her place to judge she knew, but she was honest enough with herself to realize that she did.

Twenty four hours later, Sergei didn't even crack a satisfied smile as he was briefed that the woman in question had agreed to his terms. The answer was never in doubt. The price might have been negotiable, but the outcome had always been assured. No one turned down Sergei Anchova. Especially not a slip of a woman who drank her way through life, leeching off of men for entertainment and money.

The idea of spending any time alone with this woman was abhorrent, but he knew it was necessary. And perhaps he could teach her a bit of self discipline in the process. He wouldn't hold his breath though.

He took the stairs of his private jet two at a time, then nodded as soon as he was on board, a silent approval for the pilot to take off as soon as possible. He seated himself in one of the large, leather chairs and took the file handed to him by one of his staff members.

"Are all the details worked out?" he asked, not caring about the contract, as long as the woman was on her way.

"Everything has been finalized. The contract requires that her bar tender and drivers be in attendance as well."

Sergei raised an eyebrow at that. "And you took care of that?"

"Of course."

Sergei didn't ask how, he just acknowledged that it was finalized.

The flight was relatively short and he stepped off the plane only to enter a helicopter which flew him to the island where he would be spending the next week. Or as long as it took for his investigators to find the missing Nicolai.

He didn't expect to spend any time with the woman, other than to explain the situation and how her stay with him would proceed. She would balk, but he didn't care. He had an agenda and she could simply deal with it or not, however she chose.

The helicopter landed gently on the helipad, then took off once again after he was clear of the blades. Sergei walked into the villa and breathed in the fresh sea air while pulling his tie off at the same time. He needed a vacation, he thought. Perhaps he could cut his hours a bit this week and take a break while monitoring the silly woman.

The helicopter returned about an hour later. Sergei had meant to meet her at the helipad so there was no confusion as to the nature of her stay, but he was caught up in a conference call and didn't feel the need to interrupt it for Darcy DiAngelo. He was in the middle of a conversation when he noticed the helicopter take off, leaving behind a slim, petite woman with long, brown hair blowing around her shoulders as the helicopter flew back over the blue ocean.

Sergei couldn't remember his initial impression from the reports he'd read and the pictures that had accompanied the file, because he was so stunned by the beauty standing self-consciously on the helipad as she wondered where everyone was. The first thought that finally formed was that she had the most incredible legs he'd ever seen on a live human being. They were long and slender, tanned and muscular but not bulky. Just very...."long" kept coming to his mind.

He pushed the image of those legs wrapped around his waist out of his mind, almost furious with himself for being attracted to someone of her reputation. He'd always been disgusted by women whose lives revolved around parties and shopping and this woman, with her designer dress and thousand dollar stiletto heels was definitely one of those women he didn't admire.

He supposed his body didn't need to respect someone to be attracted to her.

"I have to go," he said, interrupting the call, not even sure who was talking and not caring a bit. He tossed the earpiece to the desk and strode out of his office. The doors opened to a staircase and the path that would take him directly to the woman who was still standing on the helipad, a small suitcase sitting at her feet and a slim purse tucked under her arm. She looked lost and confused, even mildly concerned.

She was in for a rude awakening, he thought, relishing the idea of telling her what was to come.

Darcy watched warily as an extremely tall man with huge shoulders walked out of the house. Hopefully this was the butler, but she wasn't sure since he was wearing black, tailored slacks and a white linen shirt that billowed loosely about his trim waist in the tropical breeze.

He was dark, she thought as he came closer. Dark and more than a little scary. She wasn't used to men being this large or this intimidating. The men she usually associated with were only a couple of inches taller than she was. Not that there weren't tall men at the nightclubs. There were, they just weren't on an isolated Caribbean island alone with her.

Looking around, there was a pathway that led to a lovely Tuscan style house that spread out along the highest point on the island. The house was surrounded by lush vegetation, interspersed with jutting, white rock and a gorgeous hilltop off to the left that probably offered stunning views of the surrounding ocean. From where she stood, she could see smaller houses down a narrow street, although she could only see the rooftops of them, a church spire on the other end of the island, and long ribbon of beach surrounded by an enormous amount of ocean.

As the man came closer, her shaking increased. There was no one else around, no one to hear her if she called out for help. In the past, the fear had always been that someone would try and kidnap her as she was coming or going from a party or nightclub so she'd worked in extra precautions to guard against that kind of threat. But what was she supposed to do when it wasn't the arrival or departure from a party, but the lack of a party completely that was the threat?

"My apologies for not being here to meet you as you landed," the man's deep, only slightly accented voice said as he came closer, extending his hand to shake hers. "Welcome to my home."

Darcy extended her hand automatically and her freezing cold fingers were enveloped by warm, very strong hands that held hers for a bit longer than she was comfortable with. And she really didn't like the way this man was staring at her. Or the heat that was creeping up her arms from his hands. Or the blush that stole over her cheeks as he stared at her.

"Am I early for the festivities?" she asked carefully.

The tall man smiled politely and tucked her hand into his elbow, guiding her down the rock pathway. "I'm afraid there is not going to be a party this weekend, my dear."

His words, spoken so softly, were the beginning of every woman's nightmare. "Excuse me? Can you explain why I'm here then?"

"You have interfered with the affections of someone I love. Therefore, you must be removed from the situation until it is resolved. A simple matter I expect to be cleared up in only a few days," he explained.

Darcy could feel the terror welling up inside her chest. She was being led deeper and deeper into the vegetation which enclosed them even overhead so she could no longer see the house, nor the helipad. She heard something in the underbrush and jumped, then jumped away as she realized that she was moving closer to the man she now suspected was going to kill her.

"I'm sorry if I've done something to anger you, sir. But I assure you if you would tell me what's happened, I'd be more than happy to assist you in resolving the problem." Where she gained the courage to speak so politely, so civilly, she had no idea.

A few more steps on the pathway and the house reappeared. The man led her into a stunningly gorgeous living room with massive Palladian windows that gave a spectacular view of the ocean on the opposite side of the island.

"If only it were so simple, I would appreciate your offer. But you see, you've created this situation from your own selfish actions, and therefore, I don't trust you to resolve it to my satisfaction."

Once in the room, he released her hand and walked more brusquely over to a bar. "Wine?" he asked.

Darcy hesitated. She had an image to project and she didn't feel safe in any way. Her bar tender definitely was not here so she couldn't have her "martinis" fixed properly. She could accept the wine and continue with the facade of her nightclub life, or she could drop the facade.

Since she had no idea who this man was, she didn't feel safe enough to let him know the real self behind the mask. "Wine would be lovely," she replied instead of asking for a lemonade or something equally benign. "Thank you for the offer." Was this her last meal? Was he lulling her into a false sense of security only to torture her later?

"Can you explain what's going on?"

He poured himself a glass of amber liquid, then carried both glasses in her direction, handing her the wine glass.

"It's very simple. My sister's fiance has proclaimed to be in love with you. Since my sister wants him back, I am obliged to find the weasel and bring her back to her side. You, my dear, must be out of the picture for that to happen."

She swallowed painfully, ignoring the glass of wine in her freezing hands and looked up at the man's cold, brown eyes. "Are you going to kill me?" she whispered, saying the words that her mind was chanting, desperate to know her fate.

Sergei looked down at the woman who was painfully thin but strikingly lovely with her lush brown hair and porcelain skin, her fascinating sage green eyes staring up at him with terror shining from their lovely depths. He couldn't help but laugh when she asked that question because it had never occurred to him that this whole scene might be perceived in that light. His only response was to throw back his head and laugh deeply, enjoying the release of tension the laughter generated. He laughed so hard, he actually had to lean over the chair to hold himself up, doubled over with the amusement.

When he was finally able to regain his composure, he straightened and looked down at the beauty, amusement still shimmering in his eyes. "No, my dear. I don't plan on killing you, raping you or torturing you. In fact, you are here as my guests so please enjoy the house at your leisure for as long as it takes to resolve this issue."

Darcy's breath came out in a whoosh and she couldn't believe how relieved she was. Her legs were actually weak from the release of fear and she leaned back against the arm of the sofa behind her. "Goodness, sir, that was a horrible thing to do."

"Well, perhaps you watch a few too many crime shows on television?" he teased.

Darcy chuckled and shook her head. "Mystery novels," she replied.

"Ah, I stand corrected. And those might be a bit worse, don't you think?" he asked, still amused by the idea of what had been going through her mind. "Authors don't have the same censorship rules by which television studios are hindered."

"You're correct. Maybe a few romance novels and poetry is in my future," she replied, laughing a bit herself now. "But regardless, I'm afraid that I can't stay here until you've resolved the situation. If you'll just recall the helicopter, I'd like to be on my way. The money from the contract will be returned as soon as I make the call to my agent."

He was already shaking his head before she'd finished speaking. "I'm afraid that's not going to happen. I have investigators searching for the missing fiance now, but until this is fixed and he's been appropriately contrite to his future wife, as well as to me, you must stay out of the way."

She heard the words, but couldn't believe this man was really going to hold her here on his private island against her will. It was too macabre to accept. "That's crazy!" she cried out. "You can't just kidnap me because your sister can't keep her boyfriend in line."

"Ah, but you see, I just did." He started walking away as she stood there sputtering.

""Where are you going?" she demanded to his retreating back.

"I have work to do."

"What about my work?"

He stopped and turned around. "I guess the male population will simply have to do without your lovely smiles for a while, won't they?"

The words were harsh enough, but when his eyes went from her head to her toes, and obviously found the package lacking, she felt as if her stomach were dropping out of her body. Darcy wished she had some pithy comeback, but she just stood there, completely shocked at both his attitude and his words.

When she was alone, she looked around but didn't really see anything. So stunned from that man's resolution and insult, she could barely think. She stomped back and forth a few times, then looked down at the ridiculously high heels she'd strapped on only moments before the helicopter had picked her up. Her feet were already aching so she reached down and pulled them off, viciously throwing them across the room. They landed somewhere near the sofa by the window, only to skid underneath a heavy piece of furniture, now lost to her unless she wanted to deal with the indignity of crawling under the large sofa to get them back.

Darcy was livid. Pulling out her cell phone, she turned it on and waited for the signal to catch. No one was going to kidnap her! She had developed solutions to just this situation, although most of her contingency plans were for city problems.

She waited another few seconds, then realized that there was no cell phone reception in the room. Stomping outside in her bare feet, she searched around, raising her cell phone in an effort to find some sort of reception.

Nothing! Not even on the other side of the house, down by the beach or in any of the areas she trudged through along the pathways. After an hour, she was tired, hungry and her feet were seriously hurt from all the sharp rocks she'd stepped on along the pathway. And she laid all of her complaints at the feet of that horrible man who had kidnapped her on this island, ignoring her own part in accepting a contract with an unknown man in a location she hadn't properly researched, all because the amount of money being offered was enough for her to take a break for the next six months, allowing her to dedicate all of her time to the animals on her farm.

"This is ridiculous!" she said to the trees as she made her way back to the house, cursing as her tender foot stepped on yet another hard stone.

As soon as she stepped back into the house, a servant approached her, bowing slightly. "If you would care to freshen up prior to dinner, I will be happy to show you to your rooms," he said with a Jamaican style accent.

Darcy's eyes narrowed. "I'd like to know exactly where I am, please," she said with every ounce of civility she could muster under the circumstances. But even she knew that the request wasn't very polite since it came out as more of a growl than a request.

"We are on Solonge Island," he explained, bowing slightly once again.

"And where, exactly, is Solonge Island in the greater world?"

"We are in the Caribbean, with the wonderful winds that cool us down. This way to your room," he said and started walking away.

Darcy was left standing by the open doors, realizing that she could either follow and try and learn more, or stand here in the living room doorway looking like an idiot. She chose potential information rather than idiocy.

The man was already about to turn the corner on another long hallway so she had to run to catch up with him, not a pleasant experience on her already tender feet and the skimpy dress she was wearing.

She caught up to the man just as he was opening up a set of double doors, which opened to a lovely room done in white, soft blue and creamy yellow. The four poster bed was high with one of those little wooden stairs at the side, and the top of the bed was filled with fluffy pillows of different sizes. At first sight, Darcy's inclination was to dive into the pillows and snuggle down for a long nap, but she knew she'd better figure out what was going on first.

"Can you tell me where in the Caribbean we are?" she asked.

The man moved to another set of doors which opened into a lovely white marble bathroom with large windows overlooking the ocean. "We are approximately ninety miles north of Aruba on Mr. Anchova's private island. The dining room is back down the hallway we just came from and to the left instead of to the right where we originally were. There is a pool on the south side of the house with towels and sunscreen and if you require anything else, please feel free to ask any of the other servants in the area. The cook's name is Adele and she will be serving dinner at seven o'clock but if you would prefer something in your rooms, please just dial the kitchen and request anything you'd like. Breakfast is normally served by the pool, but again, if you would prefer breakfast in bed, we will oblige. We all hope your stay with us is enjoyable."

Darcy almost screamed at the man's obtuse answers. "Are you kidding? You do realize that I'm here against my will. I've basically been kidnapped by your employer."

He bowed once again and with a benevolent smile replied, "I will convey your displeasure to Mr. Anchova, Miss." Without another word, he left the room, closing the doors behind him.

Darcy looked around, furious at being detained this way. And disgusted with herself for letting herself be tricked into coming here because of a large amount of money. She couldn't wait to find a way to call home and get someone to get her out of here. With that in mind, she stomped over to the closets, throwing open all the doors until she found her small suitcase. It only held a pair of jeans and a tee shirt but she didn't care. She wanted to be out of this dress and more comfortable while she figured out a way to get home. The only other items in her bag were her make up remover and some books she'd brought, although the flight had been longer than she'd expected so she'd already finished one of the two she'd packed.

Once she'd slipped her sneakers on over her thick, comfortable sox and she was in her well worn jeans and soft cotton tee-shirt, she left the room, vowing to investigate this entire island until she found some way to get herself home.

Two hours later, she was getting a bit desperate. She was hot, sweaty, dirty from climbing hills and stumbling down the other side. She had several scrapes on her hands from rocks she'd used to try and stop her fall in some cases and thankfully the jeans she'd pulled on protected her legs more than the tee shirt had done. She was desperately thirsty and famished since she hadn't eaten anything since breakfast this morning and the sun was now setting over the horizon.

What was worse, she felt as if she were about to burst into tears of despair and frustration. There didn't appear to be any way off this island other than by helicopter but that couldn't be the case. There was a small village down the road so the residents must have some way to get on and off the island. She just had to figure out how they did it.

"You're right on time for dinner," a deep voice said to her right.

Darcy spun around, the lopsided, messed up bun she'd pulled her hair into earlier now flopping in her face as she tried to find the source of her animosity. "You!"

"Yes, me," he replied, saluting her with a glass of rich, red wine. "Adele has prepared a wonderful smelling dinner. Would you care to join me?" he asked.

"I'd rather starve," she spat out. "You have to let me go!"

"I do?"

"Yes! This is ridiculous. I didn't do anything to your sister's fiance so why are you holding me here?"

He moved to a side table where small plates of appetizers were already set up. Picking up a cracker with something brightly colored sitting on top of it, he said, "So you say. But the man has professed his love of you. I'm guessing there must have been more than a passing conversation between the two of you."

The smells coming from the patio were making Darcy's mouth water. She desperately wanted to turn up her nose at the dinner, but she was just too hungry. And thirsty.

"Don't you want to starve me so that I'm more acquiescent?" she asked sarcastically.

He stood up to hold her chair out for her, smiling slightly. "Apparently not."

Darcy took the offered chair, sighing with resignation. "I don't understand this situation."

Sergei took the seat opposite, the evening breeze lifting the fringe on the table's canopy, making the palm leaves dance. It felt wonderful and Darcy lifted her hair to catch more of the cooling breeze as she lifted her ice water, drinking down almost the entire glass.

"What's to understand? You're here until I can find my future weasel brother in law. Why not enjoy your stay?"

He nodded his head to allow the serving staff to begin. Wine was poured and plates immediately set in front of both of them, then the staff disappeared, leaving them alone with the distant sounds of classical music in the background mixing with the waves crashing against the shore and the emerging night sounds.

Darcy could ignore the wine, but she couldn't ignore the food. She was simply too hungry. "Who is your sister?"

Sergei stopped reading the report he'd picked up and looked across the table at the woman who was still irritatingly lovely despite the smudges of dirt on her cheeks and arms. "You don't know who I am?"

She shrugged and shook her head. "Besides some pompous jerk who thinks he's above the law, I have no idea who you are."

"You've never heard of the Anchova name?"

She tilted her head, thinking for a moment. "I don't think so. Should I?" She looked around at the surroundings. "You're obviously wealthy, but so are a lot of people. I'm guessing you're more notable than others, right?" She took a bite of the delicately seasoned fish, loving the wonderful tastes. There was a perfect mango salsa that went with it and several odd vegetables that were more flavorful than anything she'd tried before.

"Apparently I'm not that notable," he replied derisively.

"Wait a minute. Are you the guy who bought out that major grocery store chain last year?" she asked.

"Among other things," he said, then picked up his wine glass.

"What other things?"

"I'm guessing you don't read the business section very often, do you?"

"I try not to. It's a bit depressing."

"What do you do with all of your money?"

Darcy definitely wasn't going to give away that kind of information. "Oh, this and that," she said with an airy wave of her hand. "You know how it goes. There's always something," she said, thinking of the old water heater that's about to rust off its hinges and the decrepit heater that only cranks out heat when it's in a good mood or during the summer on ninety degree days. And it was rarely in a good mood lately. Sweaters and extra blankets were the norm over the past few months.

"Doesn't sound like a very good investment strategy," he said, with obvious disgust.

She shrugged away his criticism. "Some of us have priorities other than investments and buying up the world."

"I guess your strategy is what keeps the markets healthy."

She laughed and shook her head. "I guess it keeps some portions of the population healthy," she replied, thinking of Fred and Ginger who could eat an entire bag of dog food in one sitting if left alone or Molly who patiently waited for the other two to finish before gobbling down her own bowl of food. The kittens lost just as many meals as they gained because of the other three. And Moxie. Suddenly she was sad because she wasn't home to help Moxie's recovery who needed a soft, gentle hand to guide her back to trusting people again.

"What just happened?" Sergei asked sharply.

Darcy's head snapped up. "What do you mean?"

"You were smiling a moment ago, and all of a sudden you looked like you'd just lost your best friend. What were you thinking a moment ago?"

Darcy popped the last bit of fish into her mouth and shook her head. "For the moment, you're keeping me hostage here, for reasons that only you understand and won't thoroughly explain to me, since you obviously think I know what you're talking about. But you can't own my thoughts." She stood up and pushed her chair back under the table carefully.

Turning to the servant hovering by the door, she smiled politely. "Dinner was delicious. Would you convey my compliments to the chef? She did an outstanding job with the fish and vegetables."

The white coated servant bowed and nodded his head, then Darcy skipped away, eager to be away from Sergei's disapproving tone and ominous expressions. She really tried to find something to like about everyone, but that man was just irritating and obnoxious, not to mention horribly rude and arrogant.

Sergei knew he should be a gentleman and not watch her hips sway as she stormed away, but the soft sway of her hips drew his eyes like a magnet and he was astounded at how much her walk turned him on. It wasn't outrageously sensual. In fact, it was almost as if she went out of her way to not move any part of her body, so the cute little derriere that swayed ever so slightly was eye catching.

He had always considered himself to be a connoisseur of women, loving all their parts and enjoying their company. But he'd thought he had higher standards, having absolutely no patience with anyone who did drugs or over imbibed. This woman seemed to be the one exception to that rule. His body obviously didn't care that his mind was repulsed by her personality and morals. His body was fascinated by her figure, the ethereal quality and delicate bone structure that made her both exotic and, at the same time, ethereal and unobtainable; attributes he would have thought were opposites but in her, they seemed to mesh perfectly. He wouldn't do anything about this attraction though. He had more control over his body than a raging teenager and wouldn't give into the primal feelings her walk, her soft voice and her slender figure engendered.

Darcy found her way to the room she'd been shown to earlier and instantly peeled off her jeans and tee shirt, carrying them into the bathroom with her. Turning on the water, she ducked under the soothing spray of the shower, instantly feeling better as the warm water eased the tension in her shoulders and back. She cleaned her hair with the available shampoo and luxuriated in the soft, rose scented soap, scrubbing away all the dirt, grime, sweat and makeup that had accumulated over the horrible day.

Once she felt clean, she pulled on the only other tee shirt she had, then proceeded to wash out her clothes, hanging them to dry on the shower doors. Hopefully she would have something dry by the morning, but the humidity might not cooperate.

Thankfully, there was a white, fluffy robe on the back of the door and she slipped her arms into the inviting material, feeling better now that she wasn't so vulnerable as she slipped out of her room and walked down the now silent hallway.

Pulling the belt tighter, she worked her way through the rooms, one by one, opening the doors and peeking inside. She finally found the room she was hoping to uncover, although she'd just about given up faith since this was one of the last on the hallway.

When she finally opened the door and discovered the two story library, she thought she'd died and gone to heaven. There were so many volumes in categories she'd always wanted to read about but had never found the time. She couldn't use that excuse now, she thought as her fingers ran along the leather spines, touching each with a loving caress as she considered all the possibilities.

Coming to the fiction section, she discovered an original version of Les Miserables and was so excited she almost jumped up and down. Taking the book off the shelf, she carried it hurriedly back to her bedroom, eager to dive into the complex tug of war between Jean Valjean and Javert.

Darcy looked at the clock around midnight and thought about turning off the light and getting some sleep. But she was too caught up in the story and besides, she didn't think her prison master, as she was now referring to Sergei, would do much to release her tomorrow. So she knew she could sleep in as late as she needed in the morning.

Her eyes drooped of their own accord about two in the morning and she was curled up on top of the book when Sergei roused her for breakfast at nine the next morning.

"You must eat," was all he said but with a gentle shake of her shoulder.

Darcy sat up and looked around. "I do?" she asked, still not sure where she was or why she could so easily move her legs, since she normally woke up with a dog on both sides, curled up against her as tightly as they could and kittens balancing on her hip. "Why?"

Sergei watched as the sleeping beauty stretched, unmindful of the white terry robe she was wearing as it slid open slightly, giving him a glimpse of the soft side of her breast. "Because you're too thin," he replied in a gruff voice, turning on his heel and walking out of the room. "Be at the table in fifteen minutes, or I'll come back to see if you've fallen back to sleep."

Darcy sat up in bed and tried to re-orient herself. Looking down, she realized that the book was poking her in her side. Rescuing the precious volume from the bedclothes, she carefully placed it under the pillow. She didn't want anyone to know that she'd been reading the book, afraid word might get out to the paparazzi. She had enough trouble with them already, she didn't want them thinking anything she didn't purposely put into their unimaginative minds. She needed them directed exactly according to plan and Victor Hugo was definitely not good gossip for her image.

She washed her face and brushed her teeth, considered putting make up on once again, then decided against it. If the servants gossiped about her bare face, she would just be prepared. And since they were on an island, she probably wouldn't be photographed without makeup.

Strolling back out to the patio in the now clean and dry tee shirt and jeans, she endured Sergei's critical perusal as if she were used to men watching her. But she didn't like it, unused to not having her camouflage on. Her makeup and clothes provided a sort of shield in her mind. When men looked at her, she knew they were seeing what she wanted them to see. This morning though, she had tied her hair back in a pony tail, wasn't wearing any makeup and was in her comfortable jeans and tee shirt. She had no mask, this was the real her and she felt extremely exposed as he watched her cross over the stone patio and sit down across from him.

Immediately, a glass of juice was placed in front of her and she smiled her gratitude as she lifted it up, hiding part of her face from his eyes, wondering if he could read her mind with those intense, black eyes.

"You look different," was all he said initially.

Darcy shrugged, trying to appear casual. "I'm not apologizing."

"You shouldn't. You look much better without the caked on makeup."

Her eyes shot up to his, startled, then cynical. "Sure I do." She pulled the bowl of fruit closer and stuck the first juicy morsel with her fork a bit too harshly.

"Why is that so hard to believe?" he asked, tossing the papers he'd been reviewing onto the table beside his plate.

"I know what I look like with makeup on and without it. And there's a huge difference."

"I agree."

She looked at him, seeing the male appreciation in his eyes and her heart started up a painful rhythm. "Don't you have work to do?"

"I'm fine. Why were you up so late last night?"

She concentrated on her fruit, although she could barely taste the succulent pieces since she was too anxious about the fact that he knew she'd been up late. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize there was a lights out. If you'll give me a deadline, I'll ensure to break it again tonight."

He chuckled and Darcy's skin felt warm, almost hot from the sound. "I'm sure you will."

"What are you going to do today?" she asked, trying to change the subject.

"Check in with my investigators to see if they've made any progress on finding that stupid fiance of my sister's for starters."

"And?"

"And then I have other work to do."

She tried not to ask. Told herself she didn't want to know. She tried very hard to suppress her curiosity, but the words seemed to spring from her mouth despite her efforts to not care. "What do you do?" she asked softly, as if she had some control, but not enough to stop the words from leaving her mouth.

He looked at her with equal curiosity. "You really don't know who I am, do you?"

"I try not to delve too much into other peoples' lives. I've lived with people invading mine for too long so I try to be considerate."

"That's very generous of you but a bit of a puzzle."

"Why's that?"

"Don't you thrive on the publicity?"

Darcy thought about that, considering how to phrase her answer. She hated the publicity, but she couldn't live without it. "Let's just say the press and I have a symbiotic relationship, shall we?"

Sergei looked across the table at the woman with her hair no longer perfectly coifed, no makeup and, as he looked closer, he could see freckles on her face. The woman who had arrived at his house yesterday afternoon had been exactly what he'd been expecting. But overnight, a new person had emerged. Someone fresh and lively, spirited and, if her vocabulary and reading choice was any indication, a very intelligent woman. "For a woman who implies frustration with the invasion, you certainly court the attention extremely well. The mystery surrounding your comings and goings is legendary and adds to the thrill when you actually show up at some nightclub. How do you reconcile those actions against your words?"

Darcy was in a tough situation again. She couldn't explain without revealing too much about herself. "Let's just accept that we both have mysterious sides to our lives, shall we?"

He chuckled and Darcy enjoyed the sound, feeling like she'd genuinely accomplished something. "Fair enough," he conceded. "What will you be doing today?"

"What am I allowed to do today?" she countered.

"Anything you like."

"Fly back home?" she asked with a falsely bright smile because she already knew the answer.

"Anything you like, as long as it's still on the island."

"Can you tell me some of my options? Since this is my first visit, and my last, I'm not aware of what kinds of entertainments might be available."

Sergei controlled the disgust that roiled through him at her complete lack of ambition. "There's a beach, a pool, a library and a game room. Do what you want, but behave." He stood up and left, not bothering to give her specifics on where the game room was or acknowledge that she couldn't really swim without a bathing suit. The man truly was a jerk, she thought as she watched him disappear into the relative darkness of the house.

But as prisons went, this one was pretty nice, she thought as she sipped a glass of juice in the lovely morning air. She could smell the ocean in the distance and there was nothing wrong with reading under some lovely palm tree, she thought.

Darcy savored the fruit of the morning and took her time with her cold juice, enjoying the smells and sounds and relaxed atmosphere. She hadn't had a vacation since high school and even that had been stressful since her father had taken her to Italy to introduce her to several men he wanted her to consider for a husband. He'd fought with her brother constantly as well, adding to the stress but since their conversations had been in Italian, she hadn't been able to grasp the meaning of the arguments. The whole week had been a painful trial at trying to come up with one objection after another for men who were all mafia related and therefore, completely outside the bounds of possibilities for husband material, while at the same time, decipher if her brother was a friend as he had been when she was little, or foe if he had decided to align himself with her father's business interests. Besides, at the time, she'd barely been seventeen years old and didn't want to get married, so the whole issue had been traumatic.

After breakfast, she went back to her bedroom and found the book on top of the completely made up bed. She'd hidden it under the pillows but someone had come into her room during breakfast and straightened up. She'd have to do a better job at hiding her pastimes, she thought as she picked up the book and strolled down to the beach.

Finding a lovely shade tree, she opened her book to the place she'd stopped after falling asleep the previous night and became immediately absorbed in the saga once again.

Chapter 6

"Finally gotten hungry enough to come out of hiding?" he asked, then waved to the empty chair on the other side of the table. "Please join me for breakfast. There's plenty and I'm just about finished."

Darcy looked at the comfortable chair, the coffee cup and the servant who was even now stepping forward with a silver coffee urn. "Are you angry with me for some reason?" She pretended not to care, but there was just something about this man that suddenly made her want to impress him. She pushed that aside, knowing thoughts like that were dangerous. He was not her friend and would use anything he discovered about her to destroy her if he needed to, hence the reason she'd avoided him as much as possible the previous day.

The man's eyes traveled up and down her body. "I realize that your kind doesn't eat very much or very often, but breakfast is a normal ritual the rest of the world maintains each morning."

"My kind?" she asked, her anger rising once again as she took the opposite seat, forcing a smile of thanks to the servant for the coffee and fresh juice.

He didn't even bother to look up as he responded, "Your kind being the painfully thin kind of woman who thinks men want women who look good in a dress versus feeling good in his arms."

Darcy almost laughed because she loved eating, although she didn't have much of an appetite when she was getting ready for one of her weekend night club tours. "I'm sure there are men around who like the way I look."

He rolled his eyes. "Give it up. You can't get enough vitamins and nutrition when you eat only enough to maintain that weight," he said. Raising his hand, a servant immediately stepped over to the buffet table and filled up a plate with food.

"Why do you care how much I eat or my nutrition level?" she demanded.

"Because I only want to keep you out of the way until I can find that pathetic fiance of my sister. I don't want you getting sick while you're here. So eat something," he ordered, then stood up and left the table, all his reports in one hand and his coffee cup in the other.

Darcy watched him walk away, impressed with the energy and the confident way he carried himself. But as the servant placed the plate in front of her, she couldn't concentrate on anything other than eating the delicious scrambled eggs, flaky biscuits and freshly cut fruit. Savoring each bite, she enjoyed the birds chirping somewhere in the trees and the sound of the ocean waves crashing against the beach. She hadn't meant to skip lunch and dinner yesterday, but she'd fallen asleep on the beach and had just forgotten about dinner while curled up in the library reading. She'd snuck into the kitchen late last night and grabbed a biscuit, but it had only been enough to hold her until now. She was famished and loved the savory meal in front of her.

She finished her breakfast, then leaned back in the cushioned chair considering her options and sipping her juice. She really didn't want to read the day away again today. She loved the book but needed a bit more excitement today, more physical activity. Maybe she should take a stroll around the island. She definitely could use the exercise, she thought. She'd been on a plane for most of one day and then basically read or slept yesterday away. Now that she was a bit more revived and alert, she could do anything she wanted so she decided a bit of exploring was on the agenda for the day. And maybe she'd find a way off the island while she toured about.

Standing up, she smiled at the man hovering by the buffet table. "Thank you very much for the breakfast. It was delicious."

Just as he had yesterday, the man didn't respond, but simply bowed and smiled.

"What's your name?" she asked.

"I am Manuel. If you need anything, please just ask."

"Thank you very much Manuel."

She took one last sip of her juice, then headed down the stairs by the side of the house. It took her two hours, but she was able to walk around the entire island by either staying on the beach or walking along a seldom used pathway through the tropical sections where the beach hadn't yet taken over.

The island wasn't as small as she'd originally thought. And the tiny village was filled with only three houses while the church was an old one that was apparently unoccupied judging by the state of the interior. The wood was rotting out, there were no longer any pews to sit upon and the alter was breaking down as well.

As she stepped out of the stone church building, she looked up and spotted the dog off to the side of one building.

Sitting down so she was on the dog's level, she reached out her hand. "Hello! How are you, old fella?" she called to the dog with a gray muzzle and sad eyes. "What's your name?" she asked gently.

The dog sniffed the air, not daring to come out of its makeshift shelter of the box beside the stone house.

"It's okay. I won't hurt you," she said to the animal, feeling as if there was something very wrong with a dog that wouldn't approach another human being. They were usually very friendly unless taught to be otherwise by experience.

The animal stayed in place, dropping its head down onto its front paws with a deep sigh.

Darcy looked around for someone to ask, but the houses were all dark inside. She suspected that the residents who lived in the houses were actually the servants that helped in Sergei's house when he was in residence.

She didn't want to frighten the dog, but didn't want to leave it here if it was hurt either. She smiled at the animal to show her that she wasn't a threat, then slowly stood up and walked away. When she was out of sight of the animal, she took the stairs back up to the main house two at a time, rushing through the door in search of Manuel.

When she found him, he was polishing an already pristine table in the dining room, an impressive room made of stucco on the walls and heavy iron candelabra hanging from the ceiling. The room reminded her of an old Spanish dining room from centuries long past. "Manuel, the dog that's in the shelter down by the village. Do you know whose dog it is?"

Manuel shook his head. "Jose left a few months ago to find a different job. Since then, we've all been taking care of him, but he's not really anyone's animal."

"Why would Jose leave him here?"

"Because the dog is afraid of the water and wouldn't get on the boat. Jose tried, but when the boat had to take off and the dog wouldn't get on, he just left him with us."

Darcy already had strong feelings for this absent Jose, but she also knew that people had to survive as well. He should have taken his dog with him though. "So it would be okay if I took care of him for a while?"

"Sure. But watch out. He can be a bit of a pest."

Darcy didn't answer him, but instead, headed for the kitchen. When she found the large stainless steel and glass area with lots of work space, she was thrilled. "Excuse me," she called out to the woman who was busy chopping up vegetables, probably for whatever would be served at lunchtime.

The woman immediately turned around, wiping her hands on her pristine white apron. "Yes, Miss?" she asked politely.

"Do you have any rice?"

"Of course," she replied quickly and moved off to the left where the dry pantry apparently was stored. Taking out a big bag, she put it on the counter. "What are you going to do with this? I can make you something, yes?" she asked hopefully.

Darcy shook her head. "No, I really don't want to be a bother. I know you're busy preparing lunch but if you wouldn't mind sharing your kitchen? I'd like to help the dog that's down in the village."

The woman waved her hand. "Jose should have taken that mutt. Now he and the others are a pest," she said dismissively. She moved back to her cutting, saying, "Of course you can help yourself to anything you need. And I will be happy to help however I can."

Darcy kept the smile on her face but took down a medium sized pot and filled it with water. When the water was boiling, she poured a hefty amount of rice into the mix. "Do you have any leftover meat?" Darcy asked hopefully.

The woman nodded and shuffled over to the fridge, pulling out a plastic container filled with leftovers from the previous night's dinner. Darcy smelled the dish and groaned softly, wishing she'd come down for dinner because this smelled delicious. "Thank you!" she replied, smiling as she moved back to her own table. A knife and cutting board were easy to find and she set about cutting up the meat.

Once the meal was prepared, she dished out a large amount into a steel bowl, promising Adele that she'd bring the bowl back in about an hour.

With her treasure in her hand, she hurried back down to the village, taking the stairs more slowly on the downward trek for fear of tripping in her excitement.

The dog was in the same place where she'd left it and Darcy knelt down once more with the bowl of food in front of her. The dog immediately sniffed the air. When the animal stood up and came closer, unhesitating, Darcy felt a rush of relief. The dog wasn't beaten as she'd originally suspected, but was just shy.

And then the truth came out, all four of them! Tiny little puppy replicas of the adult dog and Darcy's mouth dropped open as she watched the tiny creatures waddle behind their mother on unsteady feet, not wanting to be away from her for too long.

Darcy's heart went out to the tiny little puppies who were too thin for their age. They should have much more puppy fat on their bodies but she could see their ribs and their eyes were much too large for their faces.

"Oh, you poor little creatures," she cooed, petting the mother gently so she would know her touch before Darcy touched her babies. "Will you let me help you, old girl?" she asked the momma. The mother looked up once, then stuck her face back into the dish, wolfing down the unexpected meal.

Thirty minutes later, Darcy was happily carrying the puppies up the stone steps with the momma wagging her tail beside her. Once Darcy reached the house, she set the puppies down and led them over to the pool. Taking one of the cushions down off the chairs, the momma immediately sat down and the puppies curled up, each one immediately searching for a nipple to nurse from. Darcy petted each puppy as well as the momma, smiling as the dog flopped down as her ears were scratched. Darcy could see the fleas as well as the bare spots on the dog's fur where she'd scratched.

"Don't worry, girl. I'll get you fixed up in no time." Now that the momma had food, she was able to produce more milk for her babies who drank heavily, filling their tiny bellies until they too were full. Then all five of them plopped down for a much needed nap while Darcy snuck away to the kitchen once again.

"Adele, we have a flea emergency. You wouldn't by any chance have any lavender or rosemary, would you?"

Adele immediately wiped her hands and nodded her head. "Of course. I use rosemary in some chicken dishes and grow it out back. Manuel brings in lavender from Paris for the laundry. How much do you need?"

"Probably a handful of rosemary leaves will do the trick. I'll just mash it into the shampoo in my bathroom already so it should be a good remedy for those pesky fleas."

Darcy spent the rest of the afternoon bathing the momma dog and brushing her fur, feeding her more rice and meat so she could feed her babies more often. By the early afternoon, all the dogs smelled lovely and were following her around adoringly as Darcy played catch with them and snuggled them down into an old blanket when they tired, which was often since they were so malnourished. It would take several days before the puppies filled out as they should be and the momma dog was already looking better, although that was most likely due to the two baths she'd gotten to rid her of the fleas.

When she went down to dinner, she had a spring in her step and a purpose in her life which was wonderful. She was smiling softly until she stepped out onto the patio for the evening meal.

"Where the hell have you been all day?"

Darcy stopped mid-stride and looked around for the evil man. When she spotted him by the pool, she glared right back at him. "Why do you care where I've been all day? You've locked yourself up in your office so I've found my own amusements. Just like you told me to do. Don't get angry when I follow your silly orders!"

Sergei couldn't believe the woman standing in front of him. Gone was the nervous, pale woman who was lovely despite her fear of him and her situation. Now, the woman was still painfully thin but her cheeks had a glow of color about her, her eyes were spitting fire at him but their sparkle was different, mysterious.

"Why didn't you come down for lunch? I told you that you could do anything you wanted, but I must insist that you eat normal meals. Maybe even several meals," he commanded, hands on his hips as he tried to intimidate her into following his orders. Never had he even had to try to intimidate someone before so why was she glaring right back at him as if she were about to lash out at him for his rudeness.

"Maybe I had more important things to do today? Maybe the world doesn't revolve around your meals and your commands."

"On this island, they do!"

"I don't!"

"You will," he said softly. "You will eat dinner tonight and I'm going to ensure that you eat every meal from now on!"

"Are you sure you can spare the attention away from your precious empire?"

"I'm surprisingly good at multitasking."

Darcy was about to storm away, damned if she was going to dine with a man as horrible as this one. She'd rather starve that eat across the table from Sergei. But at that moment, Manuel brought out a steaming platter of shrimp, lobster and several other delicious smelling sides and Darcy's stomach rebelled at the idea of walking away from the evening meal. Skipping two meals yesterday was one thing. Skipping this one, especially now that she knew what was on the menu, was almost impossible.

"As it happens, I was around food all day so there's no need to worry about me."

"You're in my charge, I'll worry if I want to," he snapped and pulled out her chair as she sat down. "And why the hell are you wearing the same clothes you were wearing yesterday?"

Darcy almost laughed at his horrified expression as he sat down across from her. "I'm wearing the only other outfit I brought. Since I didn't want to wear the dress I came in, having lost one of the shoes anyway, I have only my jeans and tee shirt as an option."

"I'll have some other clothes brought to you. I didn't know you hadn't packed an entire suitcase for your stay." He grumbled as he walked around the table and sat down across from her. "What size do you wear?"

"I'm not telling you what size I wear. That's personal. As for the other issue, the contract stated the party would only be for one night. I didn't pack for anything other than a simple change of clothes, which I'd anticipated changing into during my flight home."

"I would have thought women like you packed for any kind of emergency."

Darcy took a sip of the ice water, then served herself the seafood gumbo that was making her stomach grumble in anticipation. "That's the second time you've referred to me as if I were some sort of subsection of society. What kind of woman do you think I am?"

He watched her serve a heaping portion of the seafood dish, fascinated that she really didn't intend to starve herself to maintain her silly weight. He wasn't particularly hungry himself and instead of serving himself some of the food, he sipped his bourbon and watched her. "Aren't you?"

"Aren't I what?"

"A subsection of society? There aren't many of you, but I believe you'd be classified as mercenary, spoiled, attention hounds who live off of the wealthy patrons you snare in your trap."

She bit into a delicious spiced shrimp and closed her eyes in ecstasy. "I guess there are women out there like that. And I can definitely see why you classify me in that category."

He waited for several moments for her to continue. But when she simply continued to eat, not offering him an explanation, his eyes narrowed. "Are you saying you're not part of that group?"

She shrugged. "You'll have to gather the evidence and judge me yourself. I can't convince you of anything." A part of her wanted to scream out that her image wasn't real. But the more sensible part of her reminded her that he was her prison keeper and he'd given her no reason to trust him with her secret life. So instead, she skewered another tasty shrimp onto her fork and bit into it, savoring the amazing flavors as she watched his eyes.

"I believe there's ample evidence about your behavior in the tabloids. I don't need any other convincing. Your presence here indicates that all those tabloid stories are correct."

"Ah, but you had to sign a contract before I would agree to come to your secret island. So if we're to judge each other, I would have to say that all of your wealth was obtained through unethical, if not illegal means. And since I've had ample opportunity to deal with people of your kind, I find your lack of morals and ethics in your business dealings far below my standards."

Sergei couldn't believe that she was actually attacking his business acumen. He wasn't sure if he should laugh or destroy her. In the end, he had to laugh because she sat across from him, daintily eating her meal, unaware of the danger she'd just put her world into. Oh, he'd never cause her physical harm. He drew the line at any kind of violence. But there were so many legal ways to destroy one's enemies, he never found it hard to do it legally.

Leaning forward, he served himself some food, finding his appetite had completely recovered with a return of his humor. "I can no longer include you in a specific subset of women, Darcy DiAngelo. You're definitely one of a kind. I don't know if you're are amazingly brave, or just stunningly stupid but either way, you've impressed me with at least your spirit."

Darcy felt as if she'd been given a precious gift. It wasn't respect so much as....admiration? Not the same, but close. Not that she craved respect from anyone. She had her own means of serving this world and no one could take that away from her. But she felt a bit elated, excited even, knowing that Sergei's opinion of her had shifted slightly.

Chapter 7

Darcy woke up feeling wonderfully refreshed. The excellent food and fresh air were exactly what she needed after the previous week of stressing about when Marco might find her. She still missed all the dogs and was worried that Dave and Matt would be wondering where she was, so not all of her cares and concerns had been omitted from her life, but she felt better than she had in a long time. She hated to admit that the additional nutrition she'd been consuming over the past several days was part of it because that would prove that Sergei had been right and she'd never give him that much credit.

As she padded to the bathroom with the puppies trailing behind her, she realized that the first day here had been terrifying, but Sergei had actually done her a huge favor by hiding her here on his private island. She hadn't even understood how much she'd let the stress get to her.

Now that she was free, her shoulders felt lose and the aches in her neck were actually gone. The room was beautiful and after those first two days she almost never saw her captor, why not just enjoy the time she had here until Sergei decided it was time for her to head back home? At that time, she'd figure out what she would do next to hide from her brother.

Right now, though, it was time for breakfast! She pulled on a pair of shorts and a soft cotton shirt, grateful that someone on his staff had sent her several new outfits for all times of the day. She was excited that none of the clothes were incredibly sexy, most were pretty comfortable and whoever had purchased them, had only gotten her size slightly wrong. The clothes were just a bit too big, but she didn't mind, enjoying the bagginess of the clothes versus the other way around. The bathing suits, on the other hand, were a bit too risque for her taste.

She showered and pulled her hair back, not even bothering to dry it as she tied it on top of her head with an elastic band. Because of the sun she'd gotten yesterday, her pale skin didn't even need makeup. Maybe a touch of mascara but she ignored even that, knowing she was going to venture into the ocean today.

"Good morning, Adele!" she called out as she entered the kitchen. "What's for breakfast this morning?" she asked, peeking into one of the pots.

"Oatmeal," Adele snapped and patted Darcy's hand teasingly to stop her snooping. "You go sit down and I'll bring you some when it's done."

"I'm tired of sitting down. Would you mind if I helped? I'm a horrible cook but as long as you keep me away from the stove and tell me what you need, I'm very good at assisting. My friend Dave is the one that cooks most of the time at home but I grow all the herbs, which he says means I have to chop them up."

Adele eyed her skeptically and Darcy laughed. "I know I don't look like I eat normally, but I genuinely love food. I'm just down a few pounds because of a recent job." She didn't mention that this island, and her employer, were the job she'd lost the last few pounds for.

"You need nutrition. Go over to that table and slice the fruit Manuel picked this morning. It will be good for you."

Darcy stepped over to the table Adele indicated and picked up a knife, happily slicing fruit and laying it onto the tray Adele brought her. Adele was definitely cooking up something that smelled delicious but she would only tell Darcy it was oatmeal, all the while asking Darcy questions about her life back in the United States, how she cooked, what she did. Darcy was free with her answers, finding that she trusted Adele for some reason. The motherly woman was very down to earth and friendly. Besides, Darcy doubted Adele left the island very often so it would be difficult for a reporter to find this sweet woman and interrogate her about Darcy's true life.

Darcy sliced and chopped, asking as many questions as she answered, filling up the plate slowly since she nibbled about half of what she cut up. Twice Adele came over to judge her progress and caught Darcy nibbling on the fresh fruit but she didn't say anything, only gave her "The Look", something mothers and grandmothers had perfected over the years indicating the transgression had not gone unnoticed.

When the platter was full, Darcy stepped back and marveled at the beauty of the lovely fruit while Adele sliced up some toast and placed poached eggs on another tray. When Manuel arrived in the kitchen carrying another load of vegetables and fruit, Darcy smiled delightedly and peeked into the treasures.

"You go sit down at the table. I'll bring in breakfast for you and the master," Adele said.

Manuel picked up the pitcher of fruit juice and was about to grab the plate of fruit but Darcy grabbed it instead. "I'll help," she said and carried the tray through to the patio, where Sergei was already sitting, sipping coffee and reading a newspaper.

"Breakfast, sir," Darcy said and ignored Sergei's narrowed eyes as he watched her approach from the kitchen with the heavy tray, placing it on the table in the center.

"I hope you enjoy it," Darcy said and started to leave.

"Where are you going?" Sergei demanded, not sure why she'd just come from the kitchen area, but wanting to know what was going on. With a nod, he dismissed Manuel and Adele, who quickly disappeared, closing the doors behind them.

Darcy watched as her two new friends abandon her to the big, bad wolf and grimaced at their lack of loyalty. But instead of being angry with them for their desertion, she turned to smile brightly at Sergei who looked exceptionally attractive in a white linen shirt and khaki shorts, his bare feet crossed at the ankles as they rested on the ottoman in front of him.

"Why were you coming from the kitchen?" he asked, his voice smooth as silk.

Darcy shrugged and tried desperately hard to get back into character, but it was difficult under those piercing eyes. "I wanted food and it wasn't ready." With a smile, she was about to turn on her foot and head out, but he stopped her once again.

"Sit down," he commanded.

Darcy turned back to him, eyes angry now. "I've already mentioned that I've eaten. So thank you for the...generous offer," she said sarcastically, "but I have many things to do today and you're holding me up from them. Enjoy your breakfast, sir," she said and almost curtsied, but thought that might send him over the edge.

"Sit down," he ordered once again and this time, he stood in front of her, the look in his eyes telling her that he would force her if she didn't comply.

With a sigh, she shook her head. "Fine. If you need someone to watch you eat, I guess you're paying so what do I care?" She plopped down in the chair opposite him at the table and leaned back. But when he lifted the silver top on the platter, the delicious scent that wafted up to her nose had her sitting up straight and investigating. "What is that?" she asked, all irritation gone now that the smell of blueberries and cinnamon wafted to her senses.

"It's Adele's oatmeal breakfast bread. Try some, it's delicious," he said and cut her a thick slab of the bread that looked like a sort of bread pudding with blueberries and some type of sweet cream oozing from the center.

Darcy laughed, delighted with the creative breakfast and eagerly picked up her fork.

"What's so funny?" Sergei asked, his eyes pulled to watch the woman across from him who looked like a little kid on Christmas morning. Or she would if she didn't look so incredibly alluring with her fresh face and loads of hair barely contained on top of her head. Was she trying to be enticing, he wondered? Was this all a way to manipulate him for some ulterior purpose?

"I asked Adele what she was making earlier this morning," she smiled and closed her eyes to savor the rich, warm, creamy breakfast meal. "I just didn't know she was telling me the truth, that tease!"

Sergei watched her eat, nibbling at his own meal but fascinated with the way she savored each bite, enthusiastically serving herself more fruit and sipping at the juice as if it were nectar. He tried to pull his eyes away, but he was entranced. He barely realized he'd eaten anything at all but when she stood up, she gave him a cheeky smile before saying, "I assume I've eaten enough for your satisfaction?" she asked, but didn't wait for an answer. Truth was, he wasn't sure what his response would be, or even if he could respond. Now that she was gone, he could think a bit more clearly and he noticed that his body was rock hard, sexually aroused just from watching the damn woman eat breakfast with more enjoyment than some people have orgasms!

Tossing down his fork, he stood up, adjusted himself and forced his mind to concentrate on business matters he had to attend to for the day.

After feeding the dog and puppies, Darcy wandered down to the beach, wondering what she could do to pass the time. The dogs followed behind, eagerly chasing the ball as she threw it along the beach. The waves were lapping at the sand, calling to her and she let her toes sink into the sand as the water rushed up to her feet, then receding again. After several minutes of increasing the depth, she simply dove into the water, enjoying the relaxation of the waves as they carried her to and fro on the surf. She was about to walk out, her shorts and tee shirt plastered against her, but the small building to the left caught her eye. She'd missed it earlier because it was hidden by the lush vegetation that was creeping around the gorgeous beach. But when she peeked inside the unlocked building, she yelped with excitement. Inside, there were so many beach and surf toys she couldn't believe her luck. The surf board was one thing she immediately dismissed, but when she noticed the wind-surfing board, she bit her lip in indecision. She had no idea how to windsurf, but it seemed like an easy enough endeavor. And it would be relatively straightforward to sail on the board, she thought.

Taking it out was harder than she'd anticipated because of the weight and awkwardness of the board, but when she got it into the water, it was much more manageable. Getting the sail up was a whole other issue though. Placing the pole into the board's hole correctly was fine, but standing on the board and pulling up the sail with the curved handle was difficult.

Darcy had a great time trying to master the contraption. For the rest of the morning, she worked hard at balancing, standing up, then pulling the sail towards her with the string, then the handle. Several times she thought she'd gotten the swing of it, only to be tossed right back into the surf. Over and over, she jumped back up on the board, determined to master the sport, knowing her friends would never believe it of her.

Sergei watched from the window of his office as the woman who had distracted him all morning tried once again to work the windsurf board. What she lacked in skill, she more than made up for in determination, he'd give her that. His only consolation was that she wasn't wearing one of the bathing suits his secretary had obtained for her. He could just imagine how distracting she would be if she was wearing a skimpy bikini instead of the tee shirt and shorts she was in right now.

When she came out of the water, tugging the board and sail behind her limply until both rider and board were firmly on the sand, he almost laughed when the bathing beauty simply plopped down on the soft sand on her back, every part of her showing her defeat. She even kicked the board a moment later, then cringed when the hard board hurt her tender foot. He had no idea where all the dogs came from, but she seemed to know them as they licked her face and nudged her hands, eager for some of her attention.

He chuckled when she rolled over and propped her head on her forearms, then forced himself to turn away. Cursing under his breath when he realized that he was fully erect, just from watching her stumble around in the water. Good grief! Couldn't he control his own body? With her clothes on and her hair a mess, she wasn't even trying to be enticing and she was giving him more sexual frustration than any woman had ever done in his life. Even when he'd been a raging teenager, he'd been more in control than he was now.

Pushing her out of his mind, he re-focused on the conference call that was ongoing despite his inattention.

Darcy let the warm sunshine heat her body and lull her into a deep sense of relaxation with the momma dog by her side and the puppies curled up on her back or near her waist. She should get out of the sun, knowing how her pale skin burns easily, but she was just too relaxed right at the moment to bother.

An hour later, she sat up when she felt a wet tongue on her nose, startled and aware that she'd fallen asleep. The sun had shifted so she was partially in the shade, but she knew she'd burned a bit on her arms and the half of her face that had been in the sunshine.

"Good girl," she said to the momma dog, patting her head as the animal wagged her tail in excitement.

She couldn't believe what she'd done! As she stood up, she looked around, trying to get her bearings after the deep sleep. It was the middle of the afternoon now and she needed to get inside, out of the sun. And it wasn't good for the puppies either, she thought, then relaxed when she saw them curled up on top of one another in the shade, sleeping happily.

Pushing the heavy board and sail back into the shed where she'd found it, she padded up the pathway to the house, all five dogs behind her. In her room, she showered off the sand and salt water, gave the dogs another rosemary infused flea bath to ensure that all the fleas were gone, then changed into a dry pair of brown shorts and white tee-shirt, this one a bit more form fitting than she preferred, but it would work.

After feeding the animals again, giving them all a tummy rub and lots of attention, she left them to yet another feeding which she knew would be followed by one more nap.

Now that her entertainment was occupied, she felt a bit more alone and bereft. Strolling through the library, she found a book she'd been meaning to read for months but had never gotten around to purchasing for one reason or another. No time like the present, she thought as she picked up the heavy book and wandered through the house, looking for a comfortable place to sit down and read. She found a gorgeous looking sun room with deep cushioned chairs and lots of pillows. Curling up in one of the chairs, she opened the book and was instantly absorbed in the saga of a young British girl growing up in poverty, how she moved from job to job, trying to find happiness but missing it at every turn.

The sun was setting over the horizon and Darcy was still curled up on the chair, unaware of the time or the fact that the entire household staff was now looking for her.

When Sergei stormed into the room, passing through to the door on the far end of the lovely room, Darcy stood up, hiding the book behind her back. Hiding the book was simply self-preservation since it definitely didn't fit in with the image she had of a flighty, emotionally desolate party girl.

The movement of her standing caused Sergei to stop mid-stride and look to his left, his eyes slicing into her. "Where the hell have you been all afternoon?" he demanded.

Darcy took a step back, stunned by the instantaneous anger that she didn't feel she deserved. "Excuse me?" she asked, instantly offended by his tone and too shocked to hide it from him. As a child, when things became out of control at her father's house, she'd reverted to manners to cover up for whatever ranting her father was doling out. That habit had transferred to adulthood, and she hid behind manners whenever she needed cover. But often the hiding came across as snobbish and aloof, not very warm and friendly characteristics. That was okay on the dance floor and had brought many men to their senses when they started to get too friendly with their hands or intentions. But in other situations, she'd been hurt by other people's rejections.

Not so with this man. He wouldn't take that kind of standoffishness from her and walked over to stand less than an inch from where she stood her position. "I asked, where have you been all day? Why didn't you show up in the main room for cocktails? We've been looking for you for over an hour!" His eyes surveyed her appearance, taking in her casual shorts and tee-shirt. "I know it's not a party where you can get all glammed up for your admirers, but a little respect for other peoples' concerns would be appreciated. Adele and Manuel are worried about you!"

She looked up into his grey eyes, wondering what she'd actually done to rile him so much. This attitude seemed way out of proportion to simply missing drinks on the terrace or being an hour late for a dinner she didn't even know was about to be served.

"I apologize for missing pre-dinner drinks," she said with as little sarcasm as she could muster but a great deal seemed to ooze out of her because of the unfairness of the accusation, "but since you didn't tell me that drinks were to be served, you haven't had this little tradition for the past several days and didn't inform me of the change in plans earlier, then I don't believe this tirade of yours is fair or appropriate."

Sergei couldn't believe his eyes or ears. Was this tiny little woman, who was obviously shivering in fear as he glared down at her, taking him to task? Could she really have no idea that he was fighting tooth and nail to not pull her into his arms and make love to her right here?

Obviously, she was some sort of tease, he concluded, pulling his gaze away and walking away. "Get dressed. Dinner is in fifteen minutes and I expect you to be out on the terrace, appropriately dressed, in that amount of time," he said and walked quickly out the door of the now darkening sun room.

Darcy stared after him, wondering what she was supposed to wear to an evening under the stars with her kidnapper. Was there a guidebook that outlined appropriate forced dinner attire? She almost laughed at the idea but wasn't sure she was up to challenging him. He was in too much of a fury to deal with and understand right at the moment.

Walking to her room, she chose a soft, cotton dress that had cap sleeves, a fitted bodice and a flaring skirt that made her look and feel very countrified. She loved the way the cotton swirled around her calves and the pretty yellow color looked wonderful against her newfound tan. If one side of her face was a bit more pink than the other, she wasn't overly concerned. Slipping on a pair of white, flat sandals, she walked back out to the terrace.

The table was now set with candles and covered plates, and yet another absolutely wonderful scent drifted to her as she stepped out onto the patio stones. Looking around, she found Sergei off to the side, staring out to the ocean and sipping some sort of amber liquid from a short glass. When he saw her, his eyes traveled from her unbrushed hair down to her sandals shod feet, complete with pink toenails which she worked very hard not to curl under her feet.

"Pink?" he asked sarcastically.

She glanced down at her toenails, confused by the cynical tone she heard in that one word. "What's wrong with pink?"

He shook his head. "I just wouldn't have thought of you preferring pink."

"What color do you assume I prefer?"

"Red. Bold, bright, attention grabbing red."

Darcy blushed because she normally wore that color when she went out to a club. She had forgotten to change her toenail color this time around though and was more than a bit embarrassed by the oversight. "Well, you can't be right about everything, can you?" she asked and took her seat at the table complete with candlelight and soft music.

When Manuel came out of nowhere and lifted the cover for her, she smiled gratefully to him, then looked down and smiled incredulously at the creative display of fish and gorgeously assembled vegetables. "How lovely! Manuel, please convey to Adele that this is exceptionally pretty, if you don't mind."

Manuel bowed and nodded that he would pass along the compliment, then disappeared back into the house.

Sergei watched as she charmed his servant, irritated beyond anything he'd previously endured by the jealous reaction. Why the hell could she smile so prettily up at his servant when all he got was glares and anger. Okay, so maybe he was being a bit insensitive there. He had kidnapped her, so she probably didn't feel very gracious towards him. A justifiable feeling, he supposed. That didn't stop him from wishing she would smile up at him, though.

Sighing, he sat down across from her and looked down at the food, not really hungry anymore. It did look nice, he thought, but then he only hired the best, and paid them well enough to be creative in their food presentation. This meal looked like all the other meals that were presented to him, although possibly a bit more colorful due to the abundance of native fruits and vegetables on the island. "What did you do today?" he demanded and noticed that she jumped slightly when he spoke. He gritted his teeth at that reaction, not sure what caused it or why she was so jumpy around him.

Darcy took a bite of the fish, savoring the burst of flavor and texture, before she answered him, not really sure she wanted to. "I did some stuff, wandered around. Read, as you well know. What did you do today?" she asked, looking up from her plate and watching him, wondering why he was only sipping his drink when he'd demanded that she show up for the dinner meal and he apparently didn't feel the need to eat any of it.

"Aren't you going to tell me about windsurfing?" he asked, one eyebrow raised in question.

She put her fork down carefully and wiped the corners of her mouth. "If you know what I did, why did you bother to ask?"

He shrugged and took another sip of his drink. "Maybe to see if you'd tell me."

Darcy rolled her eyes. "Doesn't that argument seem a bit lame to you? Perhaps you don't need to know everything I did today."

He watched her carefully, another curious detail that didn't fit with her party girl image. "I thought women like you wanted to regale everyone about the things that they'd done during the day. Don't you perceive that the things you did to be the most interesting thing anyone might want to know about?"

Darcy leaned back in the chair and watched him. "You're a very cynical man, aren't you?" she asked, not bothering to answer his original question, even though he had a very good point. Most party women would be very self-centered and definitely would have discussed their exploits non-stop during the meal, using their foibles or adventures to entertain whoever was present.

"I've learned the hard way to be cynical."

Darcy tilted her head to one side. "How did that happen?"

One eyebrow rose at that question. "Again, not very enterprising of you, my dear. Don't you memorize the social registry and Forbes Top One Hundred list as soon as it comes out each year?"

She laughed. "Goodness, no. What a tedious activity. I'm guessing you're on the lists, but what does it do for you?" she asked.

"It's a royal pain in the ass," he said without thinking, then regretted it when her laughter floated across the darkness.

"Why is that?" she asked gently. "Too many women trying to get into your bed?"

"That's never a problem," he countered.

Her smile faded and her eyes softened. "Except you never know if a woman is after you or your money, is that it?"

He didn't deign to answer that question, preferring to ignore anything that didn't fit with her image. And her perceptive comment was a bit too close to the mark. "You had trouble this morning learning to windsurf. You need lessons."

Darcy knew that the moment had passed but felt bad that this man was so angry about the women chasing him. It should have been a proud moment when he realized that he'd succeeded to the point where women were pursuing him, but she knew from experience that people rarely looked below the surface to see what truly made a person who they are. Most people preferred the superficial. It was easier to swallow if everyone was placed in their appropriate box.

"I had a great deal of trouble using that ridiculous contraption, thank you very much," she replied with a great deal of amusement over her foibles. "I'd rather not humiliate myself by trying that again."

"Lessons will help. You just need a few pointers," he said and set his glass down on the table. Picking up his fork, he tried to ignore the warmth seeping into his body at her smile and laughter. She was a toy, an amusement, he told himself. Nothing more and if he started to believe there was more to her than was there, it was only going to serve him as yet another lesson in not dreaming.

"What else did you do?" he asked, stabbing a piece of the fish with his fork.

"I took a nap, which is why one side of my face is red. I also read a fabulous book, which I never would have suspected would be in your personal library, but I'm glad it was because I'm enjoying it immensely."

"What book is that?" he asked, trying to remember which guests might have left a romance or mystery here on the island. He seldom had visitors, preferring to keep this island more of a secret, but there had been a few over the years. Or maybe one of the servants had put it there from their own collections.

She named the book and his fork stopped midway to his mouth. "You're reading that?" he asked, his eyes sharp. The title was one that he'd picked up over a year ago at the recommendation of a friend. It definitely wasn't of the romance or mystery genre though. "It's a bunch of emotional tripe!" he challenged.

That got her hackles up. "Maybe for someone who thinks of emotions as a triviality. But for those of us who acknowledge that life is hard and challenging, reading about how one person goes through the same issues and overcomes is not only wholesome and good, but also inspiring. Emotional tripe, indeed," she said with outrage.

He was having none of that and came back with specifics on how the woman in the novel could have avoided most of the hardships she faced if she'd only thought with her head instead of following her heart. Darcy countered point by point, arguing that the character had found more happiness, even if it was short lived, by letting her emotions rule her decisions. By the time Manuel came back to clear their dinner plates and bring in the dessert, they were heatedly arguing back and forth different points in other books where their side of the issue was proven. Darcy didn't even realize that she'd eaten everything on her plate and was more than halfway through her dessert before he sat back, looking across the table at her admiringly.

Blushing at arguing her point so forcefully, she set her fork down next to her dessert plate, the silence becoming a bit uncomfortable as she wiggled under his intense gaze. "Women are too emotional," he said as if that finished the argument.

Not willing to let him have the last word, she came back with, "Men refuse to allow emotions into the argument, to their detriment."

With that, she stood up and cleared her throat. "Thank you for dinner. It was..." she searched for a word that would describe the meal and for the life of her, she couldn't remember what they'd eaten. She settled on , "stimulating," finally and took a step back, leaving the patio quietly.

"Darcy," his deep, masculine voice stopped her as she reached the French doors leading inside. She turned to face him, not able to meet his gaze after their loud arguments of only moments before. "Thank you for a delightful evening," he said, surprising her. She'd expected him to give her orders for tomorrow, not to compliment her with both the words and his soft, gentle, admiring tone.

She nodded and left the patio, almost running inside to her room, closing the door on her hammering heart as she thought about all of his arguments and how challenged she'd felt sitting there over dinner debating with him.

And how cherished she'd felt when he thanked her for the evening. She'd never felt that way around a man before. Certainly her father had never engendered that feeling. Her brother had tried to protect her as a child, stepping in the way of her father's slaps or grabbing her out of the way at the last moment. But he'd gone off to college and left her when she was younger so she hadn't really known him very well. And he'd never made her feel this way.

Certainly no man she'd contracted with for a night had done that. Some were fun, some even witty. But none had made her feel special and intelligent. And tingly.

Chapter 8

Darcy pulled on a pair of black shorts and a black tee shirt, determined to master the art of windsurfing today. She greeted Adele early in the morning and quickly moved to the table to start slicing the fruit for the morning meal. They chatted amiably as they worked and Darcy didn't even bother asking what was on the menu for the morning. After yesterday, Darcy knew that Adele enjoyed teasing, but in such a manner that Darcy never knew whether she was serious or not.

"What are you doing in here?" Sergei demanded, five minutes before Adele was about to serve breakfast.

Darcy instantly stepped around the cutting table, blocking Sergei's path towards Adele. "It isn't what it looks like," she said quickly, trying to diffuse Sergei's anger before it could explode. She had vivid memories of being caught in the kitchen as a child and her father raging violently at the cooks who weren't able to defend themselves against his large hands.

Sergei looked down at her terrified expression and was instantly alert that something was very wrong. "It looks like you're helping make breakfast," he said, crossing his arms over his chest and waiting for her to confirm or deny the observation.

Darcy was confused and looked back at Adele, who only raised her eyebrows at Darcy's defense. "You don't mind?" she asked softly, urgently.

"Mind?" He watched her, wondering why she would ask such an odd question. Dismissing her, he looked over her shoulder at Adele. "The supplies you requested weren't available but my assistant is sending in what she considers acceptable substitutes," was all he said. With another curious look at Darcy, he turned on his heel and walked out of the kitchen. "I'll have coffee on the patio. Care to join me?" he called out.

Darcy was stunned for a long moment, wondering if he really wanted her company, or if he was simply offering to be polite. He didn't strike her as a very polite person. But nor did she think he particularly wanted her company.

Adele solved the issue by placing the tray of fruit in her hands. "Go have coffee. I'll bring out the rest in a few minutes," was all she said, smiling slightly as if she sensed some sort of joke that Darcy hadn't heard.

Darcy walked out to the patio and looked around, noting that Sergei was sitting in his usual spot reading a newspaper. "How do you get the papers each morning?" she asked, putting the platter onto the table and taking a slice of kiwi as she sat down.

"It's delivered by boat along with the other supplies," he said without looking up.

She considered this news carefully. A ship? Arriving each morning? She'd have to investigate that a little bit more, she thought as she served herself some mango and pineapple chunks.

"It won't help," he said softly.

"Help what?" she asked.

"You won't be able to sneak onto the ship. I guarantee it," he said with amusement.

She was irritated that he had so easily read her mind, even without looking up from his newspaper. "I wasn't even considering it," she argued.

"Yes you were. I could feel the wheels in your mind turning as you tried to figure out what time the boat arrived each morning and how you might be able to hide yourself somewhere on it."

She sat back in a huff. "Well, if our positions were reversed, wouldn't you be doing the exact same thing?" she demanded.

"Absolutely. You'd be a fool not to try and escape. But I've taken precautions to ensure that you're here for as long as it takes to find that idiot my sister wants to marry."

She listened to his words, feeling a bit more comfortable now that he at least was able to consider her side of the situation. "Why would you be trying to find this guy if you don't like him so much? And why on earth would your sister want to marry someone who is so disloyal?"

He dropped his paper and looked across the table at her. "It has nothing to do with my sister now. It has become a matter of family honor. He has disgraced my sister and will pay for this insult," he said softly.

Darcy reacted to those words as if he'd just slapped her. That attitude was so familiar, she'd heard it often from her father as he railed against one person or another during meals. Family honor was something to be guarded against at all costs, she knew.

"You're not going to kill him, are you?" she asked, barely able to get the words past her constricted throat.

Sergei was astonished that she would even come up with an idea. "Kill him?" he asked. But looking at her pale face, the tense lips and stiff shoulders, he understood that this was no idle question. She was completely serious. "I don't kill people," he said firmly. "What would give you such an idea?"

She nodded in acceptance of his answer, quick, jerky movements of her head simulating that she'd heard, but the fear, the gut wrenching horror that had gripped her as she'd been thrown back in history, would take a bit more time to ease. "Thank you," she said and placed her fork carefully beside her plate, her back stiff and taut.

Adele chose that moment to bring out the eggs Benedict, along with fresh asparagus, placing it proudly in the middle of the table beside the fruit. Manuel was right behind her with two different pitchers of freshly squeezed juice, explaining one was strawberry juice and the other tangerine. Both of them were in smaller, quaint little pitchers. Darcy picked up the tangerine juice and poured some into his glass, placing it carefully to the right of his plate. She then lifted the eggs and passed them to Sergei, who automatically took them, his eyes carefully watching her every movement. It was like she'd turned into a robot and he wasn't sure what had happened to the animated woman who had danced up to the table five minutes ago.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

Darcy smiled politely and picked up the coffee urn, re-filling his half empty cup. "Of course. Thank you very much for asking."

She placed one of the poached eggs onto her plate, then proceeded to cut the meal into precise, bite sized squares, then pushed the food around on her plate. Sergei watched, wondering if she was going to actually eat any of the food, or simply push it around until it formed whatever pattern she finally decided upon.

Sergei helped himself to the fruit and eggs, eating them carefully, all the while watching to see if she might reveal what had upset her so much. But he couldn't figure it out. Had she truly considered he might kill someone? What kind of ludicrous idea was that? He wouldn't allow the man to escape unscathed though. There would definitely be a penalty for insulting him and his family, but the issue would be financial and not violent.

"If you'll excuse me," she asked and stood up without waiting for his response. He watched with concern as she pushed back her chair and practically ran from the patio, disappearing down the path towards the beach. He considered going after her, but something told him she needed to be alone, to work out whatever was bothering her.

He finished the meal and went up to his office but found himself moving towards the windows more often than he needed. He was looking for her, he knew. He'd seen her go off towards the beach, but she had yet to appear in either the water or the sand.

He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw her sitting off to the side, her toe making patterns in the sand as she watched the edge of the water as it lapped at the beach. She looked better, less stiff, he noticed and something unfurled within him. With her firmly in his sights, he sat down at his desk and made calls, checking details and reviewing contracts.

Two hours later, he was still at his desk, but had given up on trying to ignore how he watched her out the window. She was trying to windsurf again today, and failing miserably. He chuckled as she fell into the water once more, but raised herself up onto the board, a determined look in her eyes. He even thought he saw her talking to the board a few times, almost as if she were trying to negotiate with the piece of fiberglass.

Shaking his head, he ended the conference call in the middle of negotiations in which he was working to buy out a major hotel chain. To date, no one knew that the chain was in financial trouble and he had big plans to refurbish the rooms, the marketing strategy and the financial situation. But at the moment, his focus was on the slender woman who was once more trying very hard to control a board that was just as determined to ignore her efforts. It was time to teach her how to windsurf, he thought.

Pulling on a pair of swimming trunks, he headed down to the beach. Once there, he watched her technique for a few moments from the shore before shaking his head and walking into the water.

"You need to bend your knees more," he said as he hauled her up from her latest dump.

Darcy jumped probably about a foot out of the water, so started was she to find Sergei standing right behind her.

Her eyes, which had initially been shocked at his face, were now transfixed on his bare chest.

"You're naked!" she squeaked and took a step back, almost falling backwards into the water. If he hadn't reached out to catch her, she would have gotten yet another mouth full of water.

He chuckled and pulled her back up, closer to his chest with his hands holding her gently but firmly on her upper arms. "I'm not naked. I'm wearing a swim suit," he said calmly. "Are you okay?"

She nodded her head and pushed her hair out of her eyes.

"Why aren't you wearing one of the bathing suits my assistant sent over with the other clothes?"

She put a hand on the board and blinked the water away. "They aren't bathing suits," she countered. "Those were small little triangles held together with strings."

His face didn't register his shock, but instead, he looked at the sail and rigging. "Do you want to learn how to do this?" he asked.

She looked at the board, then at his chest, biting her lip in indecision.

"Come on, you can do it. You're almost there, but you're trying too hard." He turned the board around and jumped up, easily getting into a standing position. "Come on," he said and reached down, grabbing her hand and lifting her out of the water as if she were a tiny piece of seaweed. One moment she was in the water trying to keep her balance with the passing waves, the next she was standing on the board, his strong, muscular arms surrounding her as his hands pulled the sail up so it was straight once again.

"Put your feet farther apart to get better balance," he explained, moving her legs with his feet, standing behind her as he positioned her, "and bend your knees. With both hands here on the boom" he said, indicating the curved bar that ran from the pole sticking out of the board to the other end of the sail, "now slowly shift the sail so that it's catching the wind, and lean backwards."

As he spoke, he showed her, his long, lean fingers sliding up her wet skin, moving against her hips and shoulders. Each time she felt his hand on a new place, she couldn't control the shiver that raced through her. And no matter how much she tried to be sophisticated about the experience, she'd never felt like this when a man touched her so she wasn't sure how to control it, to hide her reaction. She was actually embarrassed when, several times, she realized that her nipples were hard and obvious through her thin shirt. She'd been careful not to wear a white shirt, but even the black couldn't hide her reaction to him.

"You have to relax a bit more," he said, his mouth close to her ear. His arms were basically wrapped around her, since both of his hands were also on the boom, her back against his chest and his feet next to hers on the board.

"I think I've got it now," she said, the words coming out a bit breathlessly and she tried to turn her head away, but there was no escaping the heat of him. It surrounded her, wrapped around her and comforted her even as it increased her nervousness.

"Pull back a bit," he suggested, then showed her how by pressing his knees against the back of hers. She was lying against him and her heart rate escalated. Darcy knew she wasn't doing any of the surfing, it was all him, but as she looked up, she realized that they were now skimming across the water, the shoreline fading away as the wind blew them out to sea.

"Oh my!" she gasped and almost dumped them in her awe of the ride.

"Don't get crazy," he said softly, chuckling at her excitement. "You have to learn to turn now," he said and showed her the way to ease back on the boom, the neutral position that would take the sail out of the wind. With great gentleness, the board slowly skimmed around the water, turning back towards the island and as they slowly shifted on the water, once again they were flying as Sergei maneuvered the sail so that it caught the wind, catching speed and skimmed over the waves.

For another hour, he showed her tips on how to work the rigging, slow down, speed up and turn into the wind. He explained tacking to her, showing her how to zig zag back to one point when the wind was against the direction one needed to go. Throughout the entire lesson, Darcy was aware of him against her, but her focus was now on the lesson, on learning how to control this contraption and share in the wonder he could teach her with the sport.

As they drifted back towards the island this last time, his arm pulled her more firmly against him as he held on to the boom with one hand. "Hold on," he warned moments before the board jumped over a wave.

Darcy cried out, her hands gripping the boom and her back pressing against him. "Bend your knees now!' he called out above the sound of the crashing waves and Darcy followed his instructions at just the right moment as the board came crashing down on the other side of the wave, gliding into the sand easily and Darcy hopped of, spinning around and jumping up in delight as she clapped at his expertise. "That was amazing!" she yelled out, jumping into his arms and hugging him, throwing her arms around his shoulders in her delight.

When she realized what she was doing, she tried to jump back, but his arms had already closed around her waist and held her still. "Don't go," he said, looking down at her, his voice husky.

"I'm sorry," she said and tried to drop her hands, but his own skimmed up her back and he shook his head. "I'm not," he said a moment before his mouth touched hers. Tentatively at first, as if he was testing to see if she would stop him. But when she simply stood there, waiting for more, her head turned up to his as if ready for the next step, he was more than willing to go there. His mouth covered hers more firmly this time, nibbling at her lips, moving across hers, his hands molding her body against his, pulling her tighter. And when she responded, kissing him back while her hands slid up his chest, he became more aggressive.

His fingers slid through her hair, pulling her head back and giving him greater access. As his mouth moved over hers, Darcy thrilled to the taste, the feel of him against her. He was so large and her fingers ran across his muscled chest, exploring and feeling, testing the surface just as he was doing to her mouth, his tongue invading, making her moan in reaction and need.

As his hand slid inside her wet shirt, his fingers unerringly found her breast, pushing away the bra and discovering the fullness, the shape and absorbing her gasp of surprise in his mouth. He was surprised as well, amazed at how perfectly she fit in his hand, how soft and wonderful she felt and when his thumb rubbed against her nipple, he had to hold her against him as her knees gave up.

Darcy didn't want the feelings to stop but she couldn't control the shivering his hands were causing. And when he laid her down in the sand, she curled up against him, wanting to feel all of him. Her knee bent and she thrilled when his hips pressed against hers, finding just the right spot to press, making her wiggle underneath his large body.

"Sergei!" she gasped when his warm mouth closed over her cold nipple through the shirt, her hand clenching at his hair in desperation. "Don't stop," she whispered, arching into his mouth and loving the way he felt.

"I don't intend to," he growled and pulled her shirt up, then yanking the cup of her bra down so he could see as well as taste. "You're beautiful," he said as his hot gaze looked down at her breast uncovered now and Darcy smiled, closing her eyes and feeling soft and feminine, incredibly sexy.

Her hands were in his hair, traveling down his shoulders then running back up against his stomach muscles. She loved the way he looked as well but she couldn't get the words past her lips. The issue was a combination of the new feelings and a painful shyness that overcame her at that moment.

Sergei didn't know what was going through her mind, all he knew was that this woman excited him beyond words. Beyond anything he'd ever experienced with another woman. And he'd have her, he thought with determination.

"We can't do this here," he said and stood up, taking her with him, his arms cradling her as he walked up the beach.

"Do what?" she asked, confused and not liking the way he'd stopped kissing and touching her.

Sergei shook his head, "Whatever you want to call this, we're not doing it here on the beach. Sand isn't romantic no matter what those trashy novels say and I prefer my privacy when having sex so I don't particularly want the servants either accidentally or on purpose catching a glimpse of our activities."

Darcy shook her head at his words and the shivering that had previously been from his touch was now a shaking to her core because of his words. "Is that what this is? We're having sex?"

Sergei looked down at the woman in his arms and knew instantly that he'd said the wrong thing. He couldn't help it though. Wrapping up a physical activity in pretty words of love just wasn't his style, no matter how turned on he was. "Yes. We're going to have sex, Darcy. You and me and there's nothing wrong with it. You can call it 'making love' or some other euphemism for mutual enjoyment of our bodies, but it all comes down to the same thing. Sex in its most basic and fulfilling form."

She didn't say anything for a long moment, her hands wrapped around the muscles of his upper arms as she considered his statement. She understood that he wasn't emotionally involved but she realized that she was. For some bizarre, stupid and ironically hilarious reason, she actually cared for this man, cared about what he thought of her.

"Would you put me down," she said with as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances.

He obliged, but she could tell from the look in his eyes that he wanted to argue with her but was being too gentlemanly to do so.

"Thank you," she said as she straightened her clothes, unable to look at him as she pulled her wet shirt back on. "I apologize for leading you on. That was very..." she couldn't think of a correct, polite phrase for what she'd just put him through but settled on, "inconsiderate of me. Please accept my apologies and I'll stay out of your way as much as possible." With her shoulders straight but her head bowed in shame, she walked into the house, then raced down the hallway to her bedroom, almost tripping on the puppies who thought she was ready to play. She waited all of five seconds for the momma dog and the puppies to follow her into her room, then slammed the door, sliding down to the floor and burying her face into the momma dog's soft fur, grateful when all the puppies wiggled around her, licking at her face in their sweet, innocent effort to console her.

Chapter 9

"Call!" Manuel demanded, his eyes stern as he looked across the table. "Two pair, kings high! Beat that, little lady!"

Darcy chewed on the end of her straw, looking back at Manuel with a satisfied grin. "Is that all you got?" she quipped. Laying down her cards, she fanned out her three of a kind, all eights and chuckled as Adele tossed her cards onto the table with a disgusted sigh while Tim guffawed, already having folded his hand several minutes earlier as the stakes increased beyond his comfort zone.

"Come to momma," she laughed as she pulled the thirty five cents into her growing pile of pennies, already worth more than fifty cents she calculated.

"We should never have let her into the game," Manuel laughed to Adele and Tim. "She knew nothing two hours ago and now she's smacking us down."

Adele laughed as well. "She seems to have a knack for it. Who would have known?"

Tim was already shaking his head. "You should have seen it in her eyes, my friends. And now, I have to be off. The sunrise waits for no one," he said as he shifted his chair back.

Adele also sighed heavily as she too got up from the table. "He's right. I'd better be off to bed. Special breakfast tomorrow morning." She looked at Darcy and noted the extra few pounds. "You're looking much better, my dear. But a few more mornings of my healthy breakfasts and you'll look great."

"But it's only nine o'clock," she cried. "You can't leave me now. The night's still early."

"I'll take their place," Sergei's deep voice said from the doorway of the kitchen.

Darcy's head spun around to look at him and no matter how hard she tried, there was no way to stop the blush that crept up her neck as her eyes collided with his grey ones.

The others disappeared and Sergei walked in, sitting down across from her, watching as she became more and more flustered. He really liked that about her, he thought, that he could affect her just by walking into the room. And damn, when he touched her, she went up in flames for him. That was a heady feeling and he'd wanted more of it ever since this morning on the beach.

The problem was, he didn't understand her. She definitely wasn't the kind of woman he'd originally thought she was so who was she? The pieces of the puzzle didn't fit and he hated a mystery, always needing to uncover the truth of any situation.

And if he were completely honest with himself, she fascinated him. He wanted to know why she stiffened up at odd times, reverting to painful politeness or retreating behind a facade of ice princess. He wanted to break down those barriers and see what lay underneath. The glamour was washed away with the island casualness but there were so many other layers that didn't make sense. He'd peel them away and find out the truth. Then he'd be satisfied, he told himself.

"What are the stakes?" he asked, watching her facial features, curious as to why a party girl who hopped from night club to night club in all the most glamorous cities of the world and wore dresses costing thousands of dollars each time, would be holed up in a kitchen playing cards with the servants. And enjoying it, no less.

Why wasn't she complaining about her confinement, demanding to be entertained like his previous mistresses had always done? This tiny slip of a woman simply found ways to entertain herself, learning a new skill, helping out where she could, laughing it up with people she was supposed to deem unworthy of her attention. And her reading materials certainly didn't fit with the flighty, aimless image she projected. Her tears over a working class woman's pain were completely out of the realm of party girl topics to discuss.

Damn, she was beautiful, he thought as he shuffled the cards, enjoying simply sitting across from her and watching the emotions flit across her face. He knew the exact moment when she had come up with what she considered a viable lie to get out of playing cards with him.

"I don't want to bother you and, the others were right, it's pretty late."

"Nonsense," he countered, almost smiling at how predictable she was. "You slept in more than an hour later than they did, plus you fell asleep this afternoon. So you're well rested."

Her fingers fluttered in the air and he chuckled. "No...I..."

"You're scared of being alone with me," he said softly, leaning forward and dealing the cards swiftly with his strong, lean fingers.

She stared at him for a long moment, then exhaled and her shoulders drooped. "Yes," she admitted.

"Why?"

She examined her nail as she considered how to answer him. "Because I'm afraid of you."

He grinned, impressed that she was able to be honest even if that added another slight mystery to the puzzle. "You shouldn't be."

"Why? Are you going to keep your distance from me?"

"Absolutely not."

"Why?" she asked with a pained expression.

"Because of this morning." He started dealing the cards rapidly, his fingers flying and the cards landing almost perfectly in a pile right in front of her.

Darcy picked up the cards, anger building inside of her. "That's exactly why I want to keep my distance and for you to be considerate and keep your own as well."

He tossed in ten pennies while shaking his head. "That's exactly why I'm not going to keep my distance. And you don't really want me to," he countered, looking at his cards and shifting them about slightly.

"How could you bet ten cents when you haven't even really settled your cards?" she asked with a grimace as she shifted her own, keeping her pennies right in front of her until she'd developed her strategy for this hand.

"I'd already seen my cards."

"And you already knew exactly what odds you needed to play?" she asked sarcastically.

"Of course."

"Of course," she sighed. "Fine. Here's your ten cents and give me three cards." No way was she going to lose to this man.

She lost the next three hands, losing all of her gains from the previous card game.

"You're not watching me," he said calmly as he dealt the next hand and watched her fume at her losses.

"Why would I watch you?"

"Because then you'll know when I'm bluffing. You don't really play your own hand," he said as the cards flew across the table once again. "You play your opponent's hand."

"Really," she scoffed. "And how exactly am I supposed to do that?"

"By watching me. Analyzing my body language and noting anything different while I play."

She glanced up at him and her breath caught in her throat. He was leaning back in the uncomfortable chair, his legs stretched out underneath the table and looking like an extremely large panther, waiting to pounce. That impression only increased when he looked up from his cards, straight into her eyes and she caught the intensity there, the patience that told her this was so much more than a card game.

"What are you thinking about?" she asked against her better judgment.

"You don't want to know," he said and tossed down two cards.

Darcy took the cowards way out and looked back down. "Perhaps its better I don't know. I'll take two cards," she said and tossed them into the center of the table.

Picking up the new cards that he tossed her way, she bit her lower lip in excitement. "I fold," she heard him say as soon as she set her two new cards next to her others.

"Why?" she asked, exasperated since she finally had a hand with which she could beat him. "Pick them up and play the hand you're dealt."

He chuckled softly. "No way. You can definitely beat me with whatever is in your hand. You take the pot and deal the next hand.

In a huff, she tossed her cards down and pulled the ante up to her now measly pile. Shuffling the cards, she looked across the table at him. "Okay, teach me," she demanded.

He raised one eyebrow. "Teach you what?"

She shook her head at his response. "Not what you're thinking. Teach me to play this game so that no one will know what I'm thinking."

"Maybe I like knowing what you're thinking and don't want you to be a blank slate."

She shuffled the cards one more time, then pushed them towards him to cut the deck. "Are you afraid I'll win?"

He considered her words for a long moment, his eyes watching, considering. "What's in it for me?"

She dealt the cards easily, but not nearly as efficiently as he had done. "What do you want?"

"You."

She was startled by his overt answer and her face showed it, wishing it were otherwise. Looking down, she concentrated on her task. "What would be your second place prize. Not that you're going to win, mind you."

He laughed softly . "What are you offering?"

"My wonderful presence at your meals?" she offered with a cheeky grin.

"I get that anyway. How about some answers?"

That startled her and she looked across the table at him. "Answers to what?" She tossed five pennies into the pot as did he, starting the bidding.

"Answers to the mystery of Darcy DiAngelo."

She shrugged and tossed three cards onto the table. "What you see is what you get."

"Not even close." He took four for himself, tossing twenty cents into the pot before he'd barely glanced at the cards.

"I'm not that mysterious," she said.

"Stop biting your lip," he ordered. "It's a sign that you're unsure of what I have."

Darcy stopped immediately, hadn't even been aware that she was doing it, but his words were accurate. She had two pair right now, which was a relatively good hand, but weak, since she only had two fives. Anything two pair above that would beat her.

As they played cards, bantering back and forth as the pennies and cards flew back and forth, he taught her some of her 'signs', indications she gave out that told her opponent how good of a hand she was holding. She learned quickly and tried to become more adept at hiding her emotions, but each time she had something good, he folded immediately. And each time she had a bad hand, he slaughtered her to the point that she didn't even dare to bluff anymore, laughing as he told her each of the ways she'd given her hand away.

"I fold," she said, placing her cards down on the table several hours later. "I think I'd better call it a night," she said and swept her pennies up into her hand, irritated that he'd won almost all of her gains from earlier in the evening.

"I'll walk you to your room," he said and stood up, leaving his pennies on the table.

She didn't like the sound of that and said so. "No need. It's right down the hallway. I've gotten myself there for the past couple of nights without your help, I can easily do it tonight."

He walked around the table and shook his head as he looked down into her nervous eyes. "You and I both know that I'm going to kiss you good night."

"No!" she gasped, stepping backwards. "No need."

He smiled slightly and touched the side of her face. "There's every need. In fact, I have a very strong need right now. Would you care to discuss it?"

"You're needs are your own private business. I'm only here as a...an unanticipated guest," she finished, for lack of a better description. "I'll see you in the morning."

She started to walk out of the kitchen, but he easily followed her. "Why does our attraction for each other make you so nervous?" he asked conversationally.

She stopped and looked up at him, considering her answer carefully. "Because I don't think we equate the culmination of that attraction in the same way. And I think you sleep with women for recreation, while I consider that kind of commitment something altogether differently."

He looked at her, watching her features and looking for something, she wasn't sure what.

"Just one more piece of the puzzle falling into place," he said, pushing a stray strand of hair out of her face. "You're not who you present to the world, are you?"

She shrugged and looked away. "I don't think anyone is exactly who they present to the world. We all have secrets."

"I suspect that yours are a bit more important than other peoples."

"You're assuming that other people are hiding something."

"Everyone hides things. I know you're hiding something. I just haven't figured out what that something is." He watched her eyes shutter before saying, "Yet. I will figure it out."

"Don't you have a missing future brother in law? Isn't that enough trouble in itself?"

"He's an annoyance."

"And what am I?"

He considered his words carefully. "I think you're a little hummingbird, carefully sipping nectar from place to place but never landing anywhere."

His comment was a bit closer to home than she wanted him to know about. "That's a lovely image, I think, but not very accurate."

"Where do you live?" he asked.

"In a house," she replied evasively.

He took her hand and held it in his own, leading her down the hallway. "What country does that house reside in?"

"The United States."

"And to what state does the house owe personal property taxes?"

Darcy laughed and shook her head. "A secret state."

"Why does it need to be a secret?"

"Because people are trying to find me."

"And why do you not need to be found?"

"Because I prefer my privacy." She was actually enjoying the banter, matching wits with someone like Sergei was a rush. At her bedroom door, she leaned against the wall and looked up at him, waiting for his next question.

"Is your privacy a security issue, or a privacy issue?" he asked softly.

Darcy's face reflected her fear and her whole body tensed. How had he come so close to the truth? She'd never let anyone get this close except Emma and Claire. And perhaps their husbands, but they were good men and wouldn't do anything to jeopardize her safety. Sergei, she didn't know him well enough to trust him with that information.

"I'd better get some sleep," she said, looking away and putting her hand on the door handle. "Good night."

He stopped her by placing his hand over hers, looking down at her with concern. "Is there someone out there trying to hurt you, Darcy?" he asked gently.

She shook her head. "Don't go there," she replied, thinking of her father's or brother's reaction to someone important in her life that they hadn't hand picked. It literally could be murderous and the thought of anything happening to Sergei was devastating.

"I'm already there. Tell me who you're afraid of."

"I'm very tired," she said and opened her door, slipping inside before he could kiss her. The puppies immediately jumped up from their sitting position on the bed, still too small to jump down but the momma dog greeted her effusively, eager to get a scratch and a pet. Darcy was more than willing to oblige, climbing up onto her bed and hiding under the covers, pulling the dog and puppies close as she needed their wiggling warmth and eagerness. Their innocence and happiness was a balm to her worries. These animals wouldn't do anything to hurt someone except in defense of their owner or each other. They didn't know how awful people could be to each other, all they wanted was to protect and love. And food, she thought as she buried her face in the soft, lavender scented fur.

Chapter 10

Standing up and stretching, Sergei felt good about the day. It had been very productive financially, all his companies were doing well and showing a profit, even in some of the difficult economic areas. He'd given his managers several suggestions to improve the profit margins, and fully expected all those suggestions to be implemented immediately.

The sun was still bright when he left his office and he decided to take a swim as a break before dinner. He still had several reports to review and contracts to sign so he wasn't done for the day, but in the back of his mind, he'd been wondering what his delicate little captive was up to in her spare time.

The sight that greeted him was beyond anything he might have imagined. Lying on a bright green pool chair cushion, several of which had been pulled off the chairs and were now playing together to form a sort of large mat, was his captive. Laughing! There was some sort of scruffy dog next to her, his snout very close to her ear and several squirmy brown things climbing all over her.

Her soft, brown hair was spread out behind her and she looked as if she was wearing basically the same outfit she'd worn all week, just in a different color.

Wasn't her type supposed to change clothes several times a day? And why wasn't she in a bikini sipping some sort of martini at this point in the afternoon? More of the mystery he was determined to uncover.

As he came closer, he realized that the squirmy things were actually puppies, but he had no idea where they'd come from. He hadn't even realized there was a dog on the island.

"Good afternoon," he said, his deep voice coming out across the concrete froze her activity and she scrambled to sit up. It wasn't easy since the puppies obviously weren't finished playing yet, but when the other person arrived, their little bodies all sat back on their haunches, tiny tails wagging behind them and soft puppy bellies protruding between their tiny legs. All of them looking up eagerly at him in the hopes of another human to play with. One even licked his lips as he approached.

"What are you doing here?" she gasped, setting a puppy down beside her and placing a protective hand on the scruffy mother.

"It's my house. I've come out to swim."

Darcy stood up, confused. She'd known many other wealthy people who owned houses with pools but the pools were never used. Most were merely for show which is why she'd chosen the pool area to play with the puppies today. After last night's conversation, she'd decided it was better to stay out of sight of his perceptive eyes.

As she watched, he dropped his shirt onto a chair and stood there in only swimming trunks and nothing else. Darcy had no idea when her mouth dropped open and was completely unaware that she was staring at his chest. Yesterday by the beach, he'd either been behind her or he'd been holding her close so she hadn't gotten a very good look. But now, she took it all in, amazed that she had the courage.

There was a light layer of hair sprinkled all over it, which was very nice, but the main attraction was the span of muscles that covered his chest, arms, shoulders...the man didn't just have a six pack. He was completely ripped! As she stood there staring, her fingers actually itched, physically itched, to touch his chest, to feel the texture and the muscles ripple under her fingers like they had yesterday. She imagined that his skin would be soft and cool, a bit fuzzy and her mind took her off to places she really shouldn't be imagining.

"Now that you've had your fill, it's my turn," he said.

His deep, teasing voice snapped her out of her trance and her eyes shot up to his face, noting the amusement that was lingering in his eyes. 'Excuse me?"

"You've been standing here staring at my chest. It's only fair that I get the same opportunity," he explained, crossing his arms over his chest as if he were patiently waiting for her to comply.

Darcy was horrified, both by his request and the fact that she'd been blatantly staring at this man's physique. "I'm so sorry!" she stammered out, pulling her eyes away and turning to the side. "That was incredibly rude of me."

"I don't mind," he said, chuckling at the blush that traveled up from the pale skin on her neck until it pinkened her whole face. "I'm honored. I imagine you've seen many male chests and the fact that you like mine only makes me feel as if I compare favorably."

Darcy didn't respond, and thankfully he dove into the pool at that moment, giving her a chance to regain her composure. She bent down and took the hem of her shorts out of one of the puppy's mouth, then tried to pick them all up, intending to move them to a more private place. But Sergei again caught her attention as he swam laps in the pool. Back and forth, his powerful arms straining to push harder through the water. She couldn't remember how many laps the man swam, but when he stopped and stood up, walking out of the pool, she again had to tear her gaze away, feeling awkward and clumsy as she tried to pick up the puppies.

It was worse when he sat down in one of the nearby chairs, drying off the pool water with one of the towels. "So are you going to explain to me why my patio chair cushions are now completely infested with fleas due to these ....creatures?" he asked, looking down at the pile of puppies that had decided to take a nap, all piled on top of one another, noses tucked under arms and tails wrapped around heads, as if they were still in the womb and didn't mind the crowded nature of their dog pile.

"I found the momma down in the village and she was pretty hungry. I had no idea she had a brood of puppies she was also protecting, but they aren't infested with fleas. They've had a rosemary bath every day for the past several days and I haven't seen any evidence of additional infestation. They're only eating leftovers and are really becoming healthy once again. I hope you don't mind, but they're not any trouble I promise." She finished when she saw the amused expression in his eyes, then turned away to scratch the momma dog's ears.

"What are their names?"

Darcy shrugged and glanced down at the brood. "I won't name them since I don't know if I'll be able to keep them."

"Naming them implies ownership?"

She shook her head. "Naming them indicates commitment. And since I don't know if I'll be here tomorrow or if you'll find the recalcitrant fiance, I don't want to become emotionally involved with the little guys."

Sergei looked at her hand gently petting the momma dog, whose head was in her lap staring up at her adoringly. He then looked back at Darcy, raising his eyebrow. "You're not already emotionally involved?"

Darcy snatched her hand away, only to bring it back when the momma dog nudged her hand with her cool, black nose. "I'm trying not to be."

"What do you intend to do with them?" he asked.

She looked up at him, for the first time realizing that he might not allow them into his house. "Oh, well," she bit her lip and looked down at her new "family". "I guess I was thinking to take them back with me when I leave here but I don't want to take them away from you if you wanted to keep them."

"Why would you take them away from their current family?"

"Because Jose just left them here. I'm sure he didn't realize that the adult was pregnant or he wouldn't have done something so heartless but since they're here, would you mind terribly if I took care of them?"

"And you're sure your apartment will allow pets?"

Darcy laughed. "Oh yes, have no fear about that!" she replied, thinking about the house full of pets that ran across the pastures chasing the horses and cows Matt kept near the barn. "They'll have plenty of room."

"She's pretty mangy," Sergei said with disdain. "You realize that your adoration of these scruffy animals is just another piece in the puzzle. Soon, I'll have you completely figured out, my little hummingbird."

"I'm really not that much of a mystery," she said quickly, wanting to throw him off of the issue. The more banal she appeared, the less interested he would be.

Standing up, she started to walk over to the table for a glass of ice water, needing something to quench her suddenly dry mouth. If she could, she would have walked away, leaving him alone with his puzzle. But she couldn't leave the puppies so close to the pool and they were sleeping, and she didn't have the heart to wake them.

Darcy gasped as she felt the hard muscles against her. He didn't stop there. Sergei lifted her up so that her face was a bit closer to his. "You're going to have to deal with this attraction, Darcy. It isn't going away and the more we ignore it, the strong it becomes."

She gasped when he brought her closer, his mouth covering hers and she didn't even notice when his damp bathing suit got her own shorts wet, too amazed at the fire that leapt up as he kissed her.

His lips were hard, unyielding and Darcy was unable to resist the pull of his scent, his touch. Her hands, which had been wanting to touch him, feel him earlier, wrapped around his neck, holding him close as her mouth was ravaged by his. When her mouth opened, his tongue invaded, touching her, taunting her into participating in the kiss. Darcy could no more resist him than she could fly off this island. So when he pulled up her right leg so that it was wrapped around hers, then the left, she rubbed her body against his, feeling more of him than she'd ever felt from a man. Glorying in the way his parts pressed against hers, his muscles rippling under her hands, thrilling her as he tore his mouth from hers and moved down to her neck, kissing, biting, nibbling...Darcy gasped as he found one spot after another that created more and more heat, inching up a feeling she couldn't define but made her press against him, rubbing her body in an urgent need to find some sort of relief. But each time she moved, the feelings only intensified, not eased.

When he laid her down on one of the chaise lounges, Darcy wasn't even aware of the change in their positions. All she knew was that her body was on fire, needing to feel him and touch him. When her shirt came off, tossed over her head somewhere, Darcy had a mild impression of fresh air on skin that had previously been covered, but then his mouth covered her breast, his lips finding her nipple through the white lace bra and gently nudging the fabric away to find skin. When his mouth covered her nipple without the fabric, she arched into his mouth, giving him more access and pulling his head down for more. When he moved to her other side, she cried out in protest, but was desperate when his mouth bit and nibbled gently at her other breast, giving it equal attention.

With a groan, he stood up and pulled his swim suit off, then reached down and slid her shorts off, his eyes flaring with heat as he looked down at her shyly covering her nakedness.

"Not today," he said and bent over her, his muscular arms holding him above her while his mouth kissed her hands, nudging her fingers aside and giving him back the access to her breasts he'd had a few moments before. He didn't stop there this time though. His mind wanted more, he wanted it all. He wanted to know this woman and understand her, to find out everything he could about her.

With his mouth and hands, he slowly explored her body, enjoying the way she reacted to everything he did to her. Wherever he kissed or teased, she gasped or wiggled, her hands diving into his hair or trying to push his head away. But he wouldn't let her. When he reached that triangle between her legs, he laughed softly as she tried to close her legs. But his body was already between them and he kissed her back to relaxing. When he felt the tension ease out of her body once again, his mouth sought the core that he'd been targeting all along. As he closed over her, he felt her body arch against his mouth, her scent making him crazy to taste her essence, to feel her as she exploded around him. It didn't take long before she was crying out her release and although it was intoxicating, he'd hoped his exploration would have lasted longer. He wanted to taste her longer, more fully. But as her body came down, he moved back up to her face, kissing her as he slid inside her.

Pulling away, he groaned as he felt her heat close over his erection. "You feel incredible!" he growled, pulling her knees up around his hips so he could go deeper. When he felt her resistance, he was confused at first. But looking down at her, with her soft brown hair spilled around her head and shoulders like a halo, he suddenly understood so much more about this beauty.

He should have stopped, should have gone slower, but as her heat and wetness pulled him in, he drove slowly deeper, needing to take all of her with him on this journey. He ground his teeth in an effort to slow down, but when she raised her hips, giving him permission to go deeper, he couldn't ignore the invitation.

Darcy had never felt more complete, more whole, than she did at this moment. The pain was barely there, and all she could think now was to move against him, feel him inside her and savor this amazing feeling of being perfectly at peace with the world.

And then he moved inside her. That peace was gone, replaced by a driving need that started in her stomach and emanated outwards, claiming every part of her body in an effort to assuage the desperate need for a culmination she didn't really understand how to achieve.

Sergei did, she knew. As she looked up at him, he was watching her and she knew in his eyes that he would help her. Putting her hand against his cheek, she bit her lower lip and raised her hips up, matching his thrust and meeting him all the way. "Help me," she whispered, and watched as his eyes closed and he nodded.

"Hold on, love," he said roughly, then bent lower and pulled her close, his arms wrapping around her as he moved in and out of her, the pace increasing as the pressure built higher. Darcy held on, gasping for breath and pulling him in deeper, not letting go until her body seemed to explode around her, and she felt Sergei breach the same explosion as he held her tightly.

When their breathing started to return to normal, Darcy looked up, amazed at the experience she'd just enjoyed. Sighing, she let her arms relax and almost giggled when she felt Sergei's mouth nuzzle against her neck.

"Thank you," she said softly.

Sergei had never had a woman thank him after sex before so he wasn't sure if he should laugh or simply say, "You're welcome." He chose the laughter, amused with her manners at a moment like this. "You're beautiful."

"Thank you," she sigh, letting her hand run down his back.

Suddenly, he lifted her up and carried her into the pool, naked and clinging to him. "Why are we doing this?" she asked, her arms wrapped around his neck and trying to climb higher so she didn't have to get wet.

"Because it will feel good," he said softly and kissed the top of her head.

With his strong arms holding her, she sighed in happiness as they slowly descended into the pool, the water lapping over her sensitized body gently and she laid her head on his shoulder, enjoying just being in his arms.

"You're right, this feels wonderful," she said as they floated together in the water.

That lasted for only a few minutes before the friction between their bodies created an awareness that she wasn't finished with this man. Looking up at his face, she noticed that he had the same expression shining through his own expression. When he leg her legs drop down, she pulled herself closer to him, the water allowing her to lift herself higher so she could kiss him.

After several minutes of that, with her legs wrapped around his waist and her naked body rubbing against his, he groaned and pulled them both out of the pool. Wrapping a towel around both of them, he swung her back up into his arms, carrying her away from the pool into the house.

"But the puppies! They can't be left alone near the pool."

"Manuel!" he called out, not slowing down a bit as he carried her closer to her bedroom.

Manuel appeared out of nowhere and Sergei snapped, "Watch the dogs by the pool. Make sure they don't go near the water."

He didn't even wait for a response and Darcy buried her face in his shoulder, embarrassed to be caught in such an obvious position. But she didn't protest when Sergei kicked the door closed, then laid her down on her bed. "Now that we're finished there...." He said as he leaned over her.

And he definitely wasn't finished here, she thought before he bent over and took her breast into his mouth once again.

Chapter 11

Darcy stretched, feeling wonderful, but aching in places she didn't know existed. She looked around, but Sergei wasn't with her any longer. She'd fallen asleep at some point, but with him gone, she felt bereft and lonely. Had she done something wrong? Had it not been the same existential experience for him as it had been for her?

She wanted desperately to be reassured but since he wasn't here, she had only herself to figure out what had happened this afternoon.

Slipping into the shower, she let the warm water skim over her body, relaxing sore muscles and soothing her soul a bit as well. She sighed as she turned off the water, her mind frantically trying to figure out the afternoon and why she'd let herself make love with Sergei.

Oh, she knew that it wasn't love on his side, but she was emotionally involved and, as she pulled on her clothes, she knew that she didn't regret what she'd done. Although she wasn't sure how to face him, she knew that she was in love with the man. She'd definitely have to hide that from him though. She didn't want to make him feel uncomfortable, or awkward. He probably had afternoons like today all the time with other women, a thought which hurt but she had to face reality. Sergei was a powerful, gorgeous, dynamic man and she knew that women probably flocked to him.

Stepping out, she went in search of the puppies, finding them by the pool again with Manuel down on the patio playing with them.

"Hi," she said, bending down as well.

"Good, I need to help get dinner ready." He stood up and started to walk away, but stopped. "Are you okay?" he asked, knowing he was breaching several house rules but he considered this slender, sweet woman a friend now.

Darcy glanced up, not realizing that she had tears in her eyes. "Oh, yes, I'm fine. Just tired," she said, sighing slightly as she pulled the momma dog closer, scratching her ears.

Manuel hesitated, but in the end, he nodded and walked away.

Darcy was throwing a ball for the momma dog, impressed when she retrieved it each time and happily brought it back to her no matter where it ended up, eagerly wagging her tail for another adventure each time she retrieved the ball.

As Darcy reached back for another toss, she saw Sergei coming out of the house. And he didn't look happy. In fact, his face seemed to be furious for some reason.

"Who the hell is Fred and why would he be lonely without you?" Sergei demanded when he reached her, his hands on his hips as he glared down at her.

He reached forward, about to point at her, "Darcy, whoever this guy is..." he started to say but he stopped.

Darcy reacted out of habit, her stomach clenching as she put her hands up as if he were going to hit her, she cringed and Sergei cursed under his breath. "Has one of your boyfriends hit you?" he asked with fury coming through his eyes. "Is that what happened? Were you afraid I was getting too violent?"

She pulled her arms out of his grasp and stepped back. "No. None of my boyfriends ever hit me," she countered but couldn't look at him. No man other than her father had ever slapped her or touched her in a violent way but that didn't mean she could wipe out the memory of his tirades from her mind. "I really need to leave," she said and ran off the patio, her fingers shaking as she opened the door to the house.

She didn't stop until she was back in her room, trembling as she sagged to the floor with her back against the door. She hated the tears that fell from her eyes and she curled up on her bed, trying hard to stop the shaking and tears, put the past few moments into perspective.

Sergei would never hit her. She'd over-reacted this time and she'd given him yet another clue to her past. A clue that might give him too much information, might get him closer to finding her father and confronting him. That would be catastrophic, and she couldn't allow that to happen. She'd have to pull back and not give him any additional clues.

She had to keep him safe.

Chapter 12

Sergei watched the woman run away and his body ached to catch her. But something about her terror gave him pause. Something that didn't make sense.

A bark at his feet caused him to look down and he cursed again. Flipping his phone open, he called his secretary. "Alice, can you make sure some dog food is put on the afternoon boat?" A whine at his feet had him glancing down once more. "And puppy food, I suppose," he sighed with exasperation as he flipped the phone closed again.

With a disgusted sigh, he turned and headed for the house. But as soon as he took the first step, the mangy dog as well as her four puppies stepped right along with him. Looking down, he rolled his eyes. "Stay," he commanded and took another step. The dog stayed. The puppies tripped over themselves in their effort to follow him happily.

Sergei knew he could out walk the little guys since their legs were only about two inches long. But as he walked along, a whimper came across the stone patio and he stopped, looking back. There sat the saddest dog Sergei had ever seen, watching as her little puppies followed him while she sat, obediently staying exactly where he'd told her to stay.

With a deep sigh, he whistled to the dog, who immediately bounded up, wagging her tail happily as she raced over to him and her brood. As soon as she reached them, she bent down and sniffed each one, then looked up at him with utter bliss, panting with her delight. "Come on," he replied, refusing to pander to the dog.

He walked into the house and flipped his phone open once more. When his secretary answered, he said, "Add flea powder and dog shampoo to the list."

He led the pack down the hallway and knocked on Darcy's door. When there was no answer, he opened the door slightly but something was blocking the entry way. Poking his head around, he looked down at the floor and saw her, fast asleep with her head on her arms.

He stepped into the room, disturbing her as little as possible but even the door pushing her inward didn't rouse her. He bent down, considering his options. He could leave her here on the floor, but something inside of him rebelled at that idea. She might look comfortable now, but she'd be a pack of aches once she woke up.

So instead, he did the gentlemanly thing for the first time in his life. Lifting her up, he carried her over to her bed and laid her down. He even pulled the soft, cotton blanket from the end of the bed over her legs, staring as she curled up with the new comfort. As she sighed happily in her sleep, his eyes noticed the streaks where tears had raced down her cheeks and something tightened inside of him. Why would she be crying? He hadn't hit her, nor had he even come close.

That mystery reared its ugly head once more and he gritted his teeth against the curiosity that was starting to take over where this little woman was concerned.

Turning his back on her, he walked quickly out of the room, leaving the dogs to sniff around and find their amusements with their newest mistress.

Darcy stretched and yawned, feeling significantly better. Looking around, her mind re-oriented with her surroundings and she flopped back against the pillows. She was still here, it hadn't been a nightmare, and she had really gone and ravenously made love to a man she barely knew, not to mention the very same man who thought she was having an affair with his sister's fiance and therefore needed to be kept out of the picture, besides the fact that she was madly in love with him.

What a mess!

There was nothing to it but put a brave face on things. Pretend it didn't happen, she told herself. Sitting up, she was immediately attacked by a pack of wiggly little bodies and Darcy spent the next fifteen minutes happily playing with the little guys who had somehow managed to climb up on her bed. The momma sat next to her as well, gently staring at the activities but not participating.

"You guys need some food, I bet, huh? How about if we head to the kitchen and get you some more rice and whatever I can scrounge up, okay?"

She stopped in the bathroom and scrubbed her face, brushed her teeth and immediately felt much more presentable. It would be nice if she had some of her makeup and prettier clothes with her, but this was the best she could do.

Darcy took a deep, bracing breath before she opened the door to her room and found her way to the kitchen, going slowly so the puppies could follow. It occurred to her that the dogs hadn't been in her room when she'd first entered it. So that meant that one of the servants must have let them in at some point. But she'd also fallen asleep on the floor. She didn't think Adele could lift her, being an elderly woman and not very muscular despite her gritty personality. Manuel might have done it, but he wasn't much bigger than she was.

She knew there were a couple of other people on the island she hadn't yet met, but deep down inside, she knew exactly who had the strength to pick her up and place her on the bed. The man was the very person she was trying very hard to avoid right about now.

"Good afternoon, Adele," she called out, poking her head into the kitchen and enjoying the warm, enticing scents wafting from the room. Again, she'd slept through a meal and was now starving. "Would you mind if I made a bit of food for myself while I get something for the dogs?"

Adele smiled brightly and waved Darcy into her domain. "Don't worry about grabbing yourself something to eat. I'm just about to serve the appetizers. No need to fix the rice and leftovers for the dogs either. Dog food and puppy chow were delivered just after lunch today," she said happily and pointed to the corner where a large bag of high quality dog food as well as cans of puppy food were stacked up. "Oh, how sweet of you!" Darcy said, moving swiftly to the wall so she could fix the animals a meal. "I didn't know you could ask for things to be sent over to the island."

"I didn't ask anything of the sort," she sniffed. "The dogs are Jose's responsibility and you're a saint to take over their care while he's off gallivanting around wherever he is. Mr. Anchova ordered the dog food, deary."

Darcy's heart soared, then plummeted. That was awfully sweet of him to think of her dogs, but that also meant she would have to seek him out and thank him for being so considerate. Which seemed pretty odd to thank a man for giving her something, when he was holding her against her will on his island. Beautiful Island, she amended as she poured out a bowl for the momma, then opened cans for the puppies. Unfortunately, everything that had happened by the pool would make that speech a bit more embarrassing.

"Mr. Anchova is in the living room," Adele replied, reaching down to pat the momma dog before she washed her hands. "I'll bring in the appetizers in a few moments. You go ahead and I'll watch these mischief makers for you."

"Oh, you don't have to do that," Darcy said. "I'll take care of them."

Adele looked at Darcy for a long moment, then shook her head. "You go sit down. You're too skinny to be taking care of them. And you haven't caught up on your sleep yet." She pulled the large steel door of the refrigerator open and disappeared for a moment before re-emerging with her arms full of ingredients. "Besides, I'm making something special tonight and I don't allow anyone to see my secret ingredients. You'll love it though, I promise." With that, she dumped the ingredients on the steel counter and gently nudged Darcy through the door. "I'll bring the dogs when I bring the appetizers so you don't worry, okay?"

Darcy looked back at the dogs, longing to stay with them instead of face her tormentor and lover. But there was little choice, she knew. She couldn't hide, so she'd just have to tough it out. Act like nothing out of the ordinary happened, be brave. She'd simply pretend Sergei was just another lover and treat him with polite kid gloves, and then escape as soon as was possible. It was for his protection as well as to limit her own heartache.

Stepping into the living room, she found him behind the bar, mixing several things into a large glass pitcher. "Good evening," she said and almost flinched when his eyes pierced hers. With as much dignity as she could muster, she walked carefully over to the sofa and sat down. "What are you drinking?" she asked, just trying to break the tension.

"I'm making you a pitcher of martinis," he said, his voice sending delicious shivers down her arms, pooling in the pit of her stomach.

Then his words hit her. "Martinis?" she asked nervously. Uh oh, she thought. Dave, her normal bar tender always secreted her "martinis" for her. This wasn't going to be good, she thought.

"Of course. According to the tabloids, martinis are your favorite drink. A very sophisticated choice, I suppose."

He brought a glass and the pitcher over to where she was sitting, then poured the mixture over a twist of lemon, handing her the glass.

Darcy took the glass, careful not to touch his hands in the transfer. From her experience touching him this afternoon, there was something about his contact that disturbed her too much, and transferring a large glass of liquor wouldn't be pretty if she came into contact with him.

"Thank you," she said softly, then sat and stared at the very full glass.

"Did I make it incorrectly? My secretary called the last nightclub you attended and asked for their recipe. Apparently you downed about ten martinis that night so I'm guessing you prefer their mixture to some of the other nightclubs."

"Why would you say I prefer one over the other?" she asked weakly, knowing that all her martinis were plain water. She chose martinis as her "drink" because the liquor used to make them was clear, just like water, and she could down them quickly and hand the glass back so no one suspected what she was doing. Her "dates" always had the true martini so if they smelled something, it would be their drink instead of hers.

"Why don't you try it and see if it's correct," he said as he tossed some ice cubes into a glass, then poured amber liquid over them.

Darcy stared, swallowing hard and wondering if she could do it. Truth was, she hated martinis. She actually hated most alcohol, except for an occasional glass of wine. Too often, she saw how alcohol changed people, and generally not for the better. They usually made fools of themselves, or even worse, became belligerent and sometimes violent.

But as she looked up at Sergei, he was watching her closely. Taking a deep breath, she pulled the glass closer. How bad could it be, really? She could enjoy a few sips of wine, why not a martini? It wasn't like she'd have to drink the whole thing. There was a plant over in the corner, she could drink some of it, then tip the rest into the plant. Or she could sneak out to the balcony and drop the vile stuff over the side while he wasn't watching her, or couldn't see her hand.

Her first sip showed her exactly how flawed her plan was. As soon as the liquid hit her mouth, she felt the burning. But automatically, she swallowed, and then it hit her. Traveling down her throat, she gasped, coughing, chocking in an effort to try and alleviate the pain that was shooting down her throat. As she gasped, her eyes watered and she valiantly tried to suppress her cough, relieved when the burning eventually became a mild stinging.

Focusing through the tears in her eyes, she looked up and froze. Sergei was watching her closely, his own glass arrested halfway to his mouth as he watched her try and deal with the effects of her tiny sip of martini.

"I guess the recipe is a bit different from that other night," she croaked, her voice still not recovered fully.

"I guess I got it wrong," he said, but his eyes were narrowed on her face while he took a sip of his scotch.

Setting the glass carefully onto a coaster, careful not to spill any of the liquid onto the beautiful wood of the coffee table, she placed her hands carefully on her jeans clad knees. "I guess I have to be in the mood to drink martinis," she said, grasping at anything to explain her reaction.

"Perhaps that's it," he replied and turned around, heading back for the bar. "Would a glass of wine be better for your mood tonight?"

Darcy bit her lower lip, wondering if it would be odd to ask for something a bit simpler. "How about a glass of that delicious fruit juice we had for breakfast this morning?

He looked back at her, one eyebrow lifting in question. "Of course," he replied finally and reached over to the phone. "Bring some of the breakfast juice," he said swiftly, then hung up and turned to walk back towards her. "So....you don't drink at all, do you?" he asked.

Darcy panicked. "Of course I do. I just ...don't really feel...I mean, I'm not really in the mood..."

She stopped, knowing from the amused expression on his face that she wasn't fooling him at all. "More clothes came with the dog food today. My assistant did a good job trying to get different outfits this time. I gave her a bit of guidance," he said, winking as he looked down at her jeans and tee shirt. "The next set is probably more in line with your preferences.

"Thank you,' she replied politely. "How many sets of clothes did you send over?" she asked, hoping to get an idea of how long she would be staying here.

"I believe my secretary sent over a suitcase full of clothes. Size six, correct?" he asked.

Darcy grimaced and smiled. She was actually around a size two or four most of the time. "I'm sure those will work," she replied politely.

"Maybe Alice got them a bit smaller," he teased. "Why do you think you need to be so small?"

She was so surprised at his question she actually laughed out loud. "Are you serious? Have you read the horrible things the tabloids say about me if I gain a couple of pounds? They suspect that I'm either pregnant, bulimic, anorexic or some other silly reason, normally having to do with some guy that dumped me and sent me to the grocery store for pints of ice cream."

"But since you don't date those men, and that obviously means you don't get dumped, what makes you gain or lose weight?"

Darcy shrugged. "I only hit the clubs once or twice a month. That gives me enough time to get the weight off. It's only a couple of pounds but it makes a big difference at times, depending on the dress style."

"Why don't you just exercise? Why starve yourself?"

She laughed. "I really don't starve. I'm genuinely naturally thin, can't you tell by my breast size?" she replied, referring to her small breasts. But when his eyes automatically moved to her chest, she turned beat red. "I didn't mean,...I meant..." she stopped, too flustered by his heated perusal to go on. "Please, stop looking at me like that," she begged, knowing that her breasts were hard and tingling now that his eyes had been looking at them like that.

"I like your breasts," he said softly. "They were perfect earlier this afternoon."

She turned her head away. "About that," she broke out, her voice breaking on the tension. "That was a mistake and I'm not really...I mean, I didn't mean to lead you on in any way."

"Consider me unled," he replied, taking pity on her obvious embarrassment. "So, you don't drink and, on your off time, you don't wear makeup, prefer jeans to designer clothes and instead of hitting clubs every night or spending time with your most current lover, you hibernate somewhere until you're prepared to go out night-clubbing once again. I think that sums up what I've been able to figure out about you so far. How far off am I?" he asked.

Adele chose that moment to bring in the appetizers, setting them down on a side table while dodging the puppies and the momma dog.

Darcy took that opportunity to call over the animals, grateful for their enthusiastic presence. "I think we need to name this lady," she said, and fluffed her ears.

"And bath them. My secretary sent some shampoo and flea medicine with your new clothes as well." Turning to Manuel who was bringing in the pitcher of reddish orange juice, he said, "Take the puppies and mother to give them another bath. Make sure to brush them thoroughly so they don't have any more fleas."

Darcy swallowed painfully. "I've already bathed them several times so they shouldn't have any more fleas. But if you want them washed with your flea medicine, I'd be happy to do it myself," she called out, even though Manuel was already leading the animals out of the room, all of them following with eager expressions, obviously hopeful of more treats.

"You haven't answered my question Darcy," he said and with that note of authority in his voice, she sat back down, her hands gripping her knees, unable to look over at him.

"So, what's this all about?"

She stood up and walked to the bar, pouring herself a large glass of the juice just as something to do with her hands.

"I don't know what you're talking about. I'm exactly what you think I am," she replied, desperately clinging to her facade even though earlier in the afternoon she'd been berating herself for becoming what she hated.

His voice was soft and gentle, and directly behind her now. "You know exactly what I'm talking about. Why do you present to the world a person that isn't who you really are?"

She took a long sip of the chilled juice, feeling instant relief as the cold soothed her throat and put a bit of energy into her muscles since she'd missed lunch. She debated back and forth, wondering if she could trust Sergei or if she should maintain her secrets. In the end, as she looked into his eyes, she knew she wanted to trust him, wanted to tell him everything. "You know who I am, right?"

"You're Darcy DiAngelo."

"And you've heard of my father?"

"Of course."

"Then you have to understand why I do this."

He thought about it for a long moment, his eyes roving over her pale features in an effort to try and understand. "No. I don't think I do."

"He's a mafia boss," she said, as if that explained everything.

He waited, but when she didn't continue, he prompted, "And?"

She laughed bitterly. "And if I were the sweet, pretty little princess he wanted me to be, I'd be married right now. To some horrible guy who enjoys torturing and killing other people."

The pieces fell into place. "Okay. I can see where you'd try and hide from your father. But you keep coming out and selling your..." he hesitated, "services, for lack of a better word," he explained. "Your father could find you any time and bring you back."

She smiled and raised her glass. "As long as I keep popping up in various cities, he knows where to find me," she said. "If he can keep tabs on me occasionally, he feels like he's in control. But if I were to disappear completely, he'd find me and bring me home. There's also the added benefit of appearing to be something any decent Mafia man would never marry. A party girl is for enjoyment. Mafia men, in their silly, warped world, want some sort of Madonna for their wife and thankfully I don't fit that image. As long as I keep up that image, I'm relatively safe."

He nodded slowly. "I guess that makes sense."

"No, it doesn't. My father has some serious control issues but it's not hard to figure him out. If he thinks I've turned out as horribly as he has, he's perfectly fine with me doing whatever I want."

"What do you do when you aren't popping up in a nightclub and bringing all the paparazzi to a feeding frenzy to get your picture?"

She shrugged and looked out the window. "I keep myself safe."

"And protect other animals?" he suggested softly.

Darcy's eyes flew to his face, a shiver running down her spine at how perceptive he was. "Why do you say that?"

"Well, it makes sense that you would protect something smaller than yourself. I'm guessing your father hit you when you were smaller, didn't he?"

"He didn't mean to," she said, forming an excuse for the man who'd sired her. But at his cynical expression she leapt to his defense. "No really, he was always angry and yelling and every once in a while, I would accidentally get too close when he was throwing his arms about. It wasn't that he was trying to hit me, but nor did he really care after it happened. He thought it was his way of toughening me up when he'd walk away and I had to deal with my bloody nose or black eye."

Sergei closed his eyes as fresh rage poured through is body. "But as soon as you could, I'm guessing you developed a plan to get out of the situation?"

"It wasn't so much that I developed the plan. My lifestyle sort of formed around me, I guess."

"How so?"

She stood up and took several bites of the cracker Adele had brought in. "I was at a night club one night dancing with some friends and the paparazzi took pictures of me, naming me as the naughty mafia princess. Next thing I know, some guy calls me up explaining that he was opening a new night club, asking me if I could show up. He said he'd pay me five thousand dollars if I would just dance for an hour at his club and let the paparazzi take pictures."

"And a career was born."

"Exactly," she smiled. "The naughtier I behaved, the higher my price would go. It was silly really, but you can't believe all those celebrities are struggling with drugs and rehab, do you?"

"Some of them, yes."

She flushed. "Well, yes. Definitely some of them are having problems and they're working hard to fix them. But most just need a reason to get into the tabloids for publicity."

"The next thing you're going to tell me is that they're all as innocent as you are."

She blushed under his teasing tone but shook her head. "No, I think I'm the only prude in our set, but definitely don't believe everything you hear. People prefer the gossip to reality."

He shrugged. "Normally, reality is pretty close to perception. You're the one person I've met who has completely stumped me."

"And you're the first person I've met who has been able to see through my disguise."

"The martini was the last piece that threw me over the puzzle."

Her eyes widened as she figured out what he'd done. "You're a real rat! You made me the martini's tonight knowing that I wouldn't drink them."

He stood up and chuckled, pulling her into his arms. "I suspected that was the case, but until I saw you choking on the gin, I wasn't sure."

He took her hands and put them around his neck. "Let's eat dinner and you can tell me more about how you've fooled the world."

Since he'd pulled her right into his arms, she was breathless as she stared up into his dark, enigmatic eyes that definitely saw way more than she was comfortable with. Standing this close, she felt her heart shoot into overdrive and she wanted to step back, put some space between their bodies, but he held her close, his hands splayed on her back and waist as he looked down at her.

As she watched, his mouth descended to hers.

Several hours later, Sergei pulled away and looked at the sensuous woman in his arms. She was definitely not the normal type of woman he took to his bed. There was something about her, something frail and delicate that made his protective instincts come out strongly. But this was different than how he felt for his mother or his sister. This protectionism was laced with something much headier, more powerful. He wanted her in his bed, and his life, with a drive that was growing with each moment he spent in her company. Every new discovery about her only fueled the flames. And now, understanding that she was painfully innocent despite the softness, the lushness of her delicate body, he wasn't going to relent but at least he could take it a bit slower.

He woke her up and nibbled on her ear. His body reacted when she sleepily rolled over and smiled without opening her eyes. "You need some food," he whispered in her ear.

"Not hungry," she argued and snuggled against him.

"You have to eat," he repeated and bit her ear lobe to finish the wakening process.

In the moonlight and soft candlelight, Sergei asked her questions and for the first time since she'd allowed Emma and Claire into her secret world, she was fully honest and free with her answers, not hiding anything in her effort to make him understand why she did what she did.

It was a lovely night and she savored the lemonade that Adele brought to the table, thankful for the sweet gesture so she didn't have to pretend to drink wine again. She also asked Sergei more about his family, asking why his sister thought her fiance was in love with Darcy. There wasn't a clear answer, and she honestly couldn't remember meeting anyone named Nicolai or Nico at any of the clubs recently. "I'm sorry, I wish I could help you find him."

"I'm not sure I want him to be found. My sister needs to break free from someone who would treat her like that but she's determined."

"Do you want me to talk to her?"

He chuckled and shook his head. "Anya is a bit pigheaded. I doubt she'd listen to anything you had to say. I think we should simply let her deal with the consequences of her choice for once."

Darcy cringed, knowing that heartache was just around the corner for the mysterious Anya.

"Enough about my family. I think we need to focus on you," he said and stood up to come around the table.

"I'm not sure I have anything more interesting to say about me."

He smiled and pulled her out of her chair. "Then don't speak. Let me make my own discoveries," he said and swung her up into his arms, carrying her to his bedroom.

Darcy didn't mind at all, putting her arms around his neck and giving in to the sweet rapture she experienced each time he touched her. This time would be different from earlier. This time, she wouldn't run away, she'd be brave and find out what would make him feel the same way she felt each time he touched her. She wanted to give back to him this precious gift he'd taught her to crave.

Chapter 13

Darcy stretched out on the bed, feeling wonderful. She turned to look at the man next to her and almost chuckled at the horrified expression on his face as he leaned on one elbow and looked down at the bottom of the bed. "Are you okay?" she asked, already knowing what the issue was.

He looked down at her, his face relaxing somewhat even as he shook his head. "Can you explain to me why there are five animals sleeping on this bed with us?"

Darcy laughed softly and shifted slightly, gently moving her legs so she didn't disturb any of the puppies. "Because they're dogs and dogs are social creatures that enjoy being with other dogs and humans."

He sighed and looked back down at them. "I can understand that, but why do they have to be on the bed? And why so close?"

"Because they're pack animals and want to keep you safe."

He grimaced as he leaned down and picked up one sleepy eyed puppy and moved it over to another corner. "Do they have to protect me so closely?" he growled.

"Now you've done it," she warned.

"Done what?"

Darcy sighed and looked down. Sure enough, all the puppies were slowly waking up, stretching and looking around. That look meant only one thing. "They need to go out for a walk now that you've woken them up."

Sergei looked down at her as if she'd just told him that the world would explode in the next few moments. He was quick to recover though and shook his head. "No way." Grabbing a robe, he tightened it around his waist, then proceeded to rounding up all the puppies and their mother, he herded them out the door, bellowing for Manuel to come immediately. "Take them out for a walk, then into the kitchen for breakfast," he ordered without preamble, then slammed the door as the last of the puppies waddled happily down the hallway in anticipation of relief and breakfast.

A moment later, the robe was tossed over a chair and he slipped back under the covers, his hand immediately reaching for her and pulling her close. Sergei's hand on her leg moved upwards, cupping her breast and waking her the rest of the way. "I like it when you smile," he said, his voice also husky with sleep. "And I like it even more when you wake up next to me."

She laughed and ran her hand along his muscular arm, all the way up to his shoulder. "I think you're about to take advantage of my inability to get up last night and find my way to my own room."

"Damn right I am," he growled and moved so he was fully on top of her, one leg already pressing between both of hers, his erection hard and ready for her. "And I don't think I'm going to let you leave until I'm completely satisfied. I don't like the results when you leave earlier than I'm ready."

She laughed and shook her head. "I thought you were all about making sure I was satisfied."

He smiled a moment before his mouth covered her nipple. "I believe I did that last night. Several times, in fact." His mouth moved over her nipple, teasing, licking and biting until she was writhing underneath him. "Did I fail to satisfy you last night?" he asked as he moved to the other breast. "Because I'm more than willing to ensure that you are completely satisfied."

"I was!" she screamed, her hands clasping his head as she tried to pull him away. But he wouldn't let her, his attention completely focused on increasing the intensity before moving on.

She tried to wiggle out from underneath him, but he stopped her with the very expedient method of sliding inside her. That stopped her trying to get away, but she didn't stop moving. "Okay, prove your point, big guy," she said and gasped as he proceeded to do just that.

As he slid in and out of her, moving in just the right way to increase the pleasure, Darcy's head moved back and forth on the pillow while her arms reached up and held on with all her might, trying desperately to keep up with him and stay as long as he could. But in the end, he wouldn't let her hold off. He knew her body too well by now and she was simply too expressive in her words and movements for her to hide her reactions. By the time he climaxed, she'd already tumbled over the cliff twice and lay limply by his side, her arms no longer able to hold onto him as he'd taken too much of her energy once again.

As he lay beside her, kissing her shoulder, her neck, her arms, she sighed with the beauty of being with this man at this time. "A week ago, I never would have suspected this side of you," she said and rolled over so her chin was resting on his chest. "What do you do, exactly? I mean, I know that you purchase things like hotels and grocery stores but what do you personally do for the company?"

He raised one eyebrow and looked down at her. "Why are you so out of touch with the business world? My company has been in the news lately for several large acquisitions."

She shrugged and pulled the sheet up to cover her backside. "I try not to get too involved in people's lives that I don't know. It happens too often to me so I don't read the gossip columns. Matt reads them to me when I'm mentioned, but he's sort of a tracker, so to speak."

She felt him still but didn't understand it and looked up at him. "What's wrong?" she asked carefully, her eyes no longer slumberous as she looked at his suddenly angry face.

"Who the hell is Matt? And you never told me who Fred is and why would some other guy be reading you tabloid crap and another guy be lonely since you've been gone for so long?" he growled.

Darcy tried to hide the smile but he caught her anyway. "Don't lie to me, Darcy," he said and stood up from the bed.

Darcy sat up as well and shook her head, pulling the sheet up to cover her nakedness, still not able to be as casual about sex and her body as he obviously was. "Are you jealous by any chance?" she asked.

He whipped the sheet off of her and lifted her into his arms, carrying her into the bathroom. "I don't care who this Matt guy is but he'd better be gay if you want to hang around him, Darcy. You're mine, dammit!"

His words warmed her heart and she wrapped her arms around his shoulders. "He is."

At the entrance to his shower, he looked down at her, letting her legs drop as he turned on the jets. "He is what?"

"Gay. And very much in love with a guy named Dave who is a very talented veterinarian."

She could see the tension ease instantly with her reassurance and he pulled her closer, kissing her gently. "Thank you for that," he said softly a moment before taking her hand and pulling her into the shower.

She smiled and enjoyed the feeling of the water cascading over her sore muscles. "You're thanking me for being honest with you?"

"And for not trying to make me jealous. Usually it doesn't work, but that doesn't mean other women haven't tried it. Who is Fred?"

Her smile faded quickly and she looked away, grabbing the soap and stepped into the water, making space between herself and his magnificent body. "You're seeing other women?"

He watched her and shook his head. "I've had mistresses in the past."

She concentrated hard on not turning around and screeching like a fish wife. "I see," was all she could get past her lips.

"You're the only mistress I currently have."

She swung around, one fist clenching the soap and the other clenching her fingers as if she were about to take a swing at him. "I'm no man's mistress!" she grated out. "Don't ever call me that again!"

He rubbed his hands down her arms, taking her hands in his. "I'm sorry. I don't understand why that term bothers you so much but I won't ever use it to refer to you again."

She took a deep breath, trying to calm down. "Thank you," was all she said.

"I need to go to Paris this weekend. Will you go with me?"

She leaned back against him and shook her head. "No."

He smiled as his hands continued to work their magic. Her mouth said no, but the fact that she'd already given him her body, and the way she leaned against him, told him so much more than she was willing to admit just yet. Time, he reminded himself. He needed to give her more time.

"Will you help me then?" he asked.

"Help you how?"

"I need to find that irresponsible fiance for my sister and deal with him."

She froze for a moment, then forced her muscles to relax. "Yes. As long as you tell me how you're going to deal with him."

She felt him shrug as he thought about his reply. "The man currently has a trust fund of approximately ten million dollars that he lives off of. I've been considering ways to eliminate that income from him, force him to get a job, perhaps."

She looked up at him, startled. "That's all? You're not going to...hurt him?"

He laughed. "Oh, making him find some sort of employment will definitely hurt him. He's a worthless idiot and making him earn a living will be extremely painful and humiliating. I'll make sure none of his friends will take him in either so he can't leech off anyone."

Darcy laughed, delighted with his plan. "I'd love to help you create a useful member of society. What do we do first?"

"We have to find the spineless idiot first."

"Won't that be easy enough?"

"Obviously not since the company I hired can't find him yet."

She took the soap and started lathering up his chest. "Since you said he broke up with your sister because he believes he's in love with me, it seems like a simple solution for me to just go to a night club and have him come to me."

"No. I don't want you in those places again."

"Why not?"

"It's too dangerous."

"I have it all worked out so that the bar tender is a friend and I can even have body guards around me. My driver knows the drill and is very dependable."

He was already shaking his head before she finished. "Darcy, that's not the real you. And I don't like the fake one." He pushed her under the spray and started rinsing her hair. "I have another connection with a different private investigative firm and he's assured me that this company can pretty much work miracles. I'll contact them today and will see how quickly they can unearth the weasel."

"Are you going to let your sister marry the man?"

Sergei shrugged. "If she still wants him when he's working, she can have him but she has to deal with the consequences as well and live off of whatever income he can generate. I won't give her an allowance once she's married."

"Why would she want a man who would go off trying to find a mystery woman he's barely even met."

He shrugged and pulled her forward for a kiss. "I have no idea why anyone would hie off to some foreign country just to find you," he teased.

In response, she smacked his shoulder and stepped out of the shower, pulling at one of the fluffy towels and tossing one to him as he chuckled behind her.

Chapter 14

"Are you sure you're not too tired for this meeting?" Sergei asked as they stepped out of the limousine in front a building called Titan Securities. They'd flown back to the United States early this morning after Serge had arranged t meet with this new security firm. He'd been told that the head of security seemed to be able to work miracles at finding various people.

"I'm fine," she said but he pulled her closer, wrapping his arm warmly around her waist.

Darcy smiled in response, loving how protective he was of her. She reminded her of her brother when she'd been smaller and it gave her a glow of happiness she couldn't ever remember feeling. Her feelings for this man grew exponentially as he led her up to the front desk of the impressive lobby.

"We're here to see Mitch Sargent. Tell him Sergei Anchova is here for our meeting."

The uniformed security officer snapped to attention at both names and Darcy smothered a smile at how other people reacted to Sergei's name. He looked down at her with a smirk, letting her know that he knew what she was thinking; that other people actually respected his power even if Darcy herself scoffed at it.

They were directed towards an elevator that whisked them up to the executive floor where a secretary met them with a polite smile. They were then led into a large office where an extremely large man stood up behind a desk, extending his hand first to Sergei and then to Darcy.

"It's good to finally meet you," Mitch said to Sergei. "I've read a great deal about your acquisitions and you have an impressive success rate in turning companies around."

Sergei nodded back. "I've heard good things about your company as well."

With the greetings out of the way, Mitch showed them to a sofa and chairs area where he invited them to sit down. "I've read through the reports you sent me from your other investigators," he was saying, his eyes glancing over to Darcy's occasionally. He continued to talk, discussing the possibilities and the other leads his agents had been able to obtain to find Nicolai.

Darcy watched carefully, her mind telling her that something was wrong. Why did Mitch keep glancing at her? It wasn't the kind of glance that was polite, as if he were trying to incorporate Darcy into the conversation, even though both men knew that she wasn't needed.

No, these glances were a bit more curious, as if...

Darcy went cold, and then hot at the possibilities. The phone calls to Betty earlier, the feeling that she needed to hide, to get away. The call Matt intercepted at the clinic....they all indicated that Marco or her father were after her.

Was it possible that Marco had hired this firm to find her? If Titan Securities had been recommended to Sergei, why wouldn't others have recommended the firm to Marco?

It made sense, she thought and her mind frantically worked to figure out a way to escape, to leave the building without being caught or her suspicions detected.

She waited until there was a pause in the conversation, then said, "Excuse me, would you mind if I slipped out to visit the ladies' room?"

Sergei looked down at her, his eyes looking at her curiously.

Mitch stood instantly. "Of course. My secretary will show you the way."

Darcy stood as well and smiled at Sergei. "I'll be right back."

Mitch called his secretary and whispered something in her ear.

"This way, ma'am," his secretary said as she led the way down the hallway.

Darcy walked into the bathrooms and waited, wondering if the lady would be outside still waiting for her. When she peeked out, the hallway was clear, but she didn't wait for that status to change.

At the end of the hallway, there was a staircase. Rushing down the thick carpet, she raced against time, suspecting that Mitch's secretary had been stationed to watch for Darcy.

Darcy took the stairs almost two at a time, twisting her ankle in her need to speed out of the building. Her heart was pounding and her hands were barely able to hold the stair railing, but the fear of being pulled back home by her father or brother was just too terrifying for her to contemplate slowing down. She'd been gone for too long so she had no idea what her father's plans might be for her.

This man was not going to bring her back, she told herself with determination.

At the lobby floor, she stopped and took a deep, calming breath and counted to ten. With a shaking hand, she smoothed her hair, made sure her purse was securely over her shoulder, then stepped out into the steel, marble and glass lobby.

Strolling casually up to the security desk, she smiled politely at the security guard. "Would you mind delivering a message to Mr. Sergei Adrokov? He's currently in a meeting with Mitch something or other," she said, acting a bit flighty so the guard wouldn't be suspicious.

"I'd be happy to help out, ma'am," he replied.

"Do you have a pen and paper?"

Immediately the man found some and handed it to her. Darcy didn't hesitate, writing the address of a small coffee shop about ten miles from her house where she could wait for Sergei, and also watch to make sure no one was following him. She added a time so she wouldn't be waiting all day, then folded the note. "If you could give this to him when he's finished with his meeting, that would be wonderful."

The man blushed as she added her famous smile to the request, then turned on her heel and walked out. Suspecting that the guard was still watching her, she stood outside in the sunshine for a moment, looking to the right and left as if she was trying to figure out which way to turn and was in no hurry to go anywhere.

The reality was the complete opposite. She put her hands behind her back to look more casual, as if she were simply walking along the street waiting for her friend and getting some air. Meanwhile, she was walking in a very specific, deliberate way towards her getaway point which she'd just identified.

Along the parking lot, there was a wonderful thick tree line with cars parked along that side of the lot. She walked in that direction, staying as close to the building as possible so she couldn't be seen as easily from the security cameras, some of which, she suspected, were both obvious and not so obvious. Since she wasn't exactly sure where they were, she continued to appear casual.

At the tree line, she stood against one of the cars as if she were looking for something, then quickly ducked down behind one of them. Walking like a duck, she moved as quickly as she could from car to car, hiding from the building. When she reached the end of the lot, she stood up once again and walked down the street, working her way into the other people who were all moving in different directions. Thankfully, she was able to slip into one of the stores and pretend to browse the sweaters and shirts for several minutes, but at the first opportunity, she slipped into the back, ignoring the call from one of the shop workers that she wasn't supposed to be in that area, then ducked out the service entrance in the back.

Pulling out her cell phone, she dialed Claire's number, praying she would pick up.

"Claire!, Oh, thank goodness you're there. I need help and I'm so sorry to call you but I didn't know who else might be able to help me."

"Darcy! Where have you been?" Claire asked, her voice desperate. "We've all been looking for you. Even Mitch has been out looking for you! I've been worried sick and I was just about to call Emma and ask her to see what resources her husband could bring out to help me find you!"

"Claire! Stop talking!" Darcy waited a moment, taking a breath as she crossed the street. "What did you say your fiance's name was?"

"Mitch Sargent. You've heard all about him. He's been trying to find you for the past several days but there's been absolutely no clue where you might have gone. It's like you just disappeared into thin air."

"Are you sure he's only been looking for me? It hasn't been Marco?" Darcy asked. She was just about to step out into the street and hail a cab when a dark, powerful sedan drove down the street. Darcy just about tripped over her feet to get back to cover as she watched her brother's grim face pass by in the driver's seat.

She watched from the corner of the building, her stomach turning in knots as she watched the car turn into the parking lot she'd just gotten away from. "Claire, you're fiance, are you sure he wasn't hired by Marco?"

"Your brother's name hasn't even come up in our conversations, I promise. I'd never let anyone know of the connection unless they'd already made it. I wouldn't do that to you."

She stepped back, hiding behind several of the cars and her breath froze in her throat. "Well, why is my brother driving over to your fiance's building?"

There was a long pause as Claire assimilated Darcy's words. "You're at Titan Securities? Why would you be there?"

"Because Sergei is looking for his sister's fiance, who disappeared over a week ago, breaking off their engagement because he said he was in love with me."

"Who is this other guy? And who in the world is Sergei?" Claire demanded.

Darcy would have laughed at the incredible irony of the situation, if she didn't feel as if she were going to throw up at any moment from the fear chocking her. "Claire, I have to go. Don't tell anyone about this conversation. Please!"

She hung up the phone to Claire's argument but didn't hear the words. All Darcy knew was that she had to get away.

She thought about calling Matt for help, but was too afraid of the potential resources that could be brought to bear on finding her. She knew her father's wealth was enormous, all gotten from illegal means. Marco had those resources at his disposal, probably set up as her father's second in command now. Then there was Mitch, who had an entire security force at his disposal, and Sergei, who had more money than she even wanted to know about.

One small tear escaped from her lashes before she was able t blink it back but she wiped it away impatiently. She had Claire, and Emma if there was any way she could reach her. She knew her friends wouldn't give her up to her father, but she couldn't ask for Claire's help if Marco was paying Claire's fiance. And she couldn't reach Emma easily right at the moment either since she was in another country, on the other side of the planet.

Nope. If she was going to escape this latest debacle, she'd have to do it on her own. Sergei would help her she knew, but he didn't understand what she was up against so he might discuss her whereabouts with Marco and Mitch. If only she could have spoken to him before she ran out of the building, she wouldn't be worried about the connections.

She only prayed that Sergei would meet her. She wouldn't put him in the middle, but she desperately wanted to say goodbye to him. And she wanted just one more kiss if that was possible.

A taxi cab was letting off one of its clients so she hurried down the street, her arm raised to hail the cab but she didn't wait for him to come to her, meeting it more than halfway. Diving into the back of the cab, she gave her address, grateful when he eagerly sped off down the street, excited about such a long fare.

It took an hour to get out to her house. Paying the cab with her credit card wasn't a good idea, but she didn't have any other options. She knew that Mitch, and now Marco, would easily be able to follow her since she'd left such an obvious trail, but she did it anyway. Speed was more important at the moment.

As soon as the cab pulled away, Fred and Ginger raced up from the field, panting happily as they danced around her. "Oh, guys! It's so wonderful to see you!" Bending down, she hugged both of them to her, their wiggling bodies trying to lick and be petted at the same time and neither winning out. The rest of the crew followed with the kittens, now much bigger, trailing behind. All the animals were so happy to see her and it broke her heart to know that she would have to leave. Now. As soon as she could pack up her things and disappear.

Matt came to the doorway of his house, wiping his hands on an old towel. When he looked up to see what the animals were so excited about, he threw the towel to the side and rushed her, calling for Dave to come out as well. "She's here! And she's okay!"

Matt reached out and picked her up, swinging her around with a massive hug. Darcy couldn't take the strain under this kind of enthusiasm and the tears she'd been holding at bay for the past hour and a half broke through the damn of her control, spilling out as she hugged her friend, reaching down to pat the dogs as well. "Oh, guys it's so good to see all of you again!" She sniffed. "I've missed you terribly. How are you all?" she asked. Her eyes looked up and saw one other animal coming up from the field, limping, but wagging his tail slowly. "Moxie?" she whispered, so amazed that the poor dog had survived all his wounds. He wasn't one hundred percent, and he even stopped several feet away from the rest of the animals and humans, wary and watching.

"Guys, can you keep the other animals back for a few moments?" she asked. She didn't bother to look back, her whole focus watching the wary animal as she bent down low. She knew that getting lower than the dog would show that Moxie was in control and the alpha, giving him confidence at her approach. Putting her hand out, she walked slowly towards the animal, stopping when he started to growl softly.

It took several minutes, but slowly, ever so slowly, she was able to reach the psychologically wounded animal. Moxie sniffed gently, reaching out with his neck but not coming any closer. Darcy waited, holding out her hand patiently, not moving any closer or moving in any way that might startle the animal. In the end, Darcy triumphed. Moxie remembered her scent and her gentle touch, her soft words and slowly moved forward, touching Darcy's hand with his wet nose. When that was okay and Darcy still didn't hurt the animal, he moved even closer, rubbing Darcy's hand against his fur.

Darcy gently, ever so slightly, petted the animal, rubbing his fur and whispering soothing sounds. After long minutes, Moxie moved closer, sighing softly as he settled his wounded, sore body against Darcy's side.

With a wide grin, Darcy continued to stroke Moxie, but turned to smile back at Matt and Dave. That smile froze on her face as she noticed the three other men standing directly behind her friends. Sergei's face was the only one relaxed though and she wasn't sure what to make of that.

He started to move forward but Marco's hand shot out to stop him. Darcy realized in a split moment, that her brother and her lover were about to fight. And since both of them were muscle bound, large men, neither would come out of that kind of battle unscathed.

Standing up, she faced all three with an angry expression. "Marco! Let go of him!" she commanded, keeping her hand on Moxie's fur as the dog also stood up, wounded, sore and embattled, but more than ready to fight for the kind hand who had talked him through his recovery.

All five men looked down at the dog who had bared his teeth in a defensive posture, ready to attack. Darcy soothed the animal and shook her head, and Moxie relaxed slightly, but still ready to dive in to defend her if she needed it.

"Marco, I don't care what father says, I'm not coming back. I don't know why you're here, but let go of Sergei and leave. Right now!"

Marco's angry eyes turned to glare at Sergei, who was already glaring right back. "Father died six months ago. I've been trying to find you to tell you that you can come out of hiding," he said. "But it appears that this..." he stumbled over what to call Sergei who immediately stepped forward, ready to pound Marco for the insult, "has tried to kidnap you! Come home with me, Darcy. Everything is better and you won't be roped into any marriage you don't want."

Sergei was having none of that. "She's going to marry me! Step back you bastard! Whatever you've done to her, it stops now!"

Darcy couldn't believe her ears. "Father is dead?" she said softly.

Marco stopped glaring at Sergei just long enough go glance in Darcy's direction. "I'm sorry that you had to hear it like this. I didn't mean to blurt it out like that but I assumed he's the reason why you left so suddenly all those years ago."

"You're right," she said, in a daze of confusion. "Father was trying to get me to marry Tony Zapelli."

"He was a gangster!" Marco spat out. "I'd already convinced dad to not follow through on that, but then you'd disappeared. I'm glad though. Because Tony died two months later and dad was still looking for you, determined that you would marry Benny Vanova."

Darcy couldn't believe her ears. "Benny Vanova was almost sixty when I was in college!"

"Exactly. It was disgusting."

Sergei couldn't believe what he was hearing. "You're the daughter of Albert DiAngelo?" he asked, his eyes moving from Marco to Darcy, then back again.

Darcy looked at the man she loved with all her heart. "Yes. I'm afraid so. That's why I do all the things I do. The final piece of the mystery, I guess you could say."

Sergei walked over to Darcy, ignoring Moxie who growled at his approach. "Come home with me. I'll protect you from all of that nasty business. Be my wife and I promise, you'll never have to run again."

Marco stepped forward. "You don't have to do that, Darcy. No one is going to make you marry anyone. You can finally be yourself. Come on home with me. You can do anything you want."

Darcy looked at her brother, then up at Sergei's tender eyes. She'd never thought to see that look on his face. "Why would you want to marry me?" she asked, terrified of the answer, but needing to know the truth.

He shook his head and looked up at the sky, his hands moving down her arms so he could hold her hands and press them against his chest. "Because you drive me crazy, Darcy DiAngelo." He smiled gently down into her sage eyes and grimaced. "I love it when you get all polite when you're angry or scared, and I love beating you at poker because everything you're thinking is right there on your face. I know I can trust you, unlike the other women of my acquaintance who will try just about anything to get my money. You, on the other hand, would rather be surrounded by hounds than diamonds."

She laughed, but then was sad again. "We've only known each other for a week. Is the only reason you want to marry me because I drive you crazy and you know I won't rob you blind?"

He stepped closer to her, putting his hands on her hips. "Well, there's the little thing about me being completely in love with you. And you love me so at least we match there."

She pulled back, looking up at him with amusement. "How do you know I love you?"

He chuckled. "Are you kidding me? It's there every time you look at me." She blushed at that but he touched her cheek gently. "And I love that about you. When you're angry with me, you aren't afraid to show it. And when you're feeling something, I know I can figure out what you're feeling, if not why. So please, marry me and let me give you as many animals as you can take care of."

Darcy laughed at that and nodded. "I can do that," she said. Peeking behind his back, she remembered the other men. Three of them were smiling and one was furious, but silent.

"Marco, my I please introduce you to Sergei Andropov? My fiancee?"

Marco and Sergei, both equal in height and breadth, measured each other up. Marco was the first to speak. "She's had a horrible childhood. And from what I can see, she's had a pretty tough adult life so far. Are you going t change that?" he challenged.

Sergei didn't hesitate. "I'm going to do everything within my power to make sure she's happy."

"And will you bring her to visit me regularly? We have a lot of catching up to do. Our father separated us when Darcy was little so we don't know each other very well. I'd like to change that."

Sergei stiffened. "Why did he separate you?" Darcy felt comforted when Sergei put an arm around Darcy's waist, pulling her closer protectively.

"Because my father was a bastard with a heavy hand and didn't like it when I interfered with him beating the crap out of my little sister. She was only five when he smacked her the first time."

She felt Sergei's arm tighten and she put her own arm around him. "Its okay, Sergei. Marco tried to help. And I learned to dive under the dining room table and other furniture more quickly after that."

Sergei looked down at her soft, innocent eyes. "But you weren't fast enough all the time, were you?"

She didn't answer, shrugging in response. She knew that he'd know if she was lying, which was what she would do automatically to protect him, and telling him the truth would only make him angrier.

Turning back to Marco, he reached out his hand as a peace offering. "We'll visit as often as you can stand it," he finally said.

Marco hesitated for a long moment before taking Sergei's hand. "And a long engagement?"

"Not going to happen," Sergei said instantly.

At that moment, Mitch stepped forward, having been leaning against the hood of his grey jaguar during the previous parts of the conversation. "I'm going to have to intervene at this point. Claire and I are getting married first. That's happening next week," he said and looked down at Darcy. "And from what I understand, you're supposed to be one of my future wife's attendants and have missed your dress fittings. So I'm first in line."

Darcy laughed but was horrified that she'd let Claire down so close to her big day. "Goodness, I forgot that she's getting married next week!"

"You can do your fittings from New York," Marco said quickly. "I know of a designer that can work magic and she's in deeper trouble than even she knows about so she's going to owe me a favor pretty soon."

"Not so fast," Sergei interjected. "Darcy needs to come home with me and meet my mother and sister."

Dave and Matt came forward at that point. "But Darcy has been gone for so long, Fred and Ginger are really going to be upset if she leaves again."

Darcy looked back, seeing the group of dogs and cats that were all patiently looking at the humans, Darcy in particular. As soon as she looked at them, four animals stood and started wagging their tails and the kittens instantly started batting at any tail they could reach.

Darcy slipped her arms around Sergei's waist and hugged him closely. "What about if your mother and sister came here for a visit? You and I could stay at my place, while your family stays at the hotel down the road."

Matt stepped forward at that moment. "Just so you know, she only keeps herbal tea at her place. No real coffee of any sort."

Dave had to put his two cents in as well. "And she has the smallest bed in the world. I think it's smaller than a twin, just in case you were interested I a good night's sleep."

Sergei looked at the one bedroom cottage behind his future wife and instantly started shaking his head. "No way. We'll stay in the hotel until our house is built, and whatever shelter you need for all those animals because I've just shared a bed for the past couple of nights with one dog and a bunch of puppies and there's no more room to spare," he commanded.

Darcy smiled up at her future husband, happier than she ever thought she could be. "I love you," she said and reached up to kiss his jaw, the only thing she could reach when he stood up straight like this.

Not satisfied with that measly kiss, he reached down and kissed her properly, forcing Mitch to hold Marco back and Matt and Dave to turn away. "I love you, my crazy animal princess," he replied.

