Chapter 1

"I can't believe you're asking me to sell my body like this!" Princess Anastasia Elisia Marquenda said, almost in a whisper. She was trying to maintain a sense of dignity but was furious with her family all the same. The previously perfect start to her day was ruined. Pushing a frustrated hand through her thick, titian hair, she tried to remain calm, or at least present the image of serenity. It was extremely difficult under the circumstances though.

Anastasia tried to keep the panic out of her voice but she knew she was failing miserably. "Why, mother?"

Queen Natasha smiled gently at her furious daughter. "First of all, I'd like to mention how lovely you look in that color of green. It brings out your blue eyes and gives your skin a bit of color. As for the current topic, Ana, you've known about this betrothal," she said, stressing the word, "practically all your life. I don't understand why your engagement party and wedding date being announced is such a shock to you," Anastasia's mother said calmly, the epitome of grace under fire. "You should have been expecting it after all these years."

Her mother was right. She had known about her betrothal since she was five years old. But she'd always expected to be married as soon as she turned twenty one. So five years later, still being unmarried, she'd assumed her "fiance" had forgotten about the arrangement. Sadly, the announcement of her wedding date only moments ago had taken her by surprise. She'd have to think quickly. Somehow, she'd have to gain more time. The wedding date was proposed for three weeks in the future.

"Why the sudden wedding? What happened to long engagements? Why does the wedding have to be so soon?" Ana said, forcing a calm, even tone to her voice, knowing that her parents would respond better to reason than panic.

Her mother nodded in understanding. "I agree. It does seem to be a bit of a rush. But that's because King Alexander is in ailing health. Prince Erik will have to take over the crown sooner than expected."

Her mother's explanation terrified her even more because it made sense. Rumor's of King Alexander's health had been all over the news lately. Shaking her head in an effort to eliminate the reason, she said, "That shouldn't impact me! I didn't make the man sick. Why should I be punished?"

Ana wanted to scream and stomp her feet, but years of manners and training at controlling her temper kept her from showing her emotions. The only indications of her true feelings were her fists clenched at her sides, but the white linen table cloth hid them from view, as well as the anger showing in her blue eyes. "Mother, I'm twenty six years old. I was supposed to be married five years ago. I thought he'd forgotten about that silly betrothal contract. So yes, it is quite a shock to all of a sudden have my wedding date announced in the papers." After a long moment of silence, she turned to face her mother, the anger now apparent on her gentle features. "I wasn't even consulted!" she said, fighting back angry tears as she pushed her long red hair off her shoulder impatiently. "This is ridiculous. I can't believe I'm the victim of an arranged marriage. It is too archaic."

The queen again smiled, wishing her daughter wasn't so upset about something that had been arranged at her birth. "Darling, that's the way it is in most royal families. Even your younger sister was betrothed at birth."

Anastasia kept from shuddering at the reminder of her sister's fiance, but only barely. "Yes, and Marabeth isn't very satisfied with her future either, I can tell you that," she said without thinking. Ana took a long, deep breath, trying to gain control of her emotions again. "Mother, you can't really think I'd be happy with that man, can you?"

The queen hid a smile from her daughter, knowing it would only increase her fury. "I'm guessing you're referring to Prince Erik?"

Ana clenched her fists tighter. "Has the subject spontaneously changed and I haven't kept up? Of course I'm talking about him."

Her mother nodded, unmoved by her daughter's outburst. "I can't imagine what you find so offensive about the man," she said diplomatically. "He's extremely handsome, tall, a wonderful dancer which I've experienced myself, a strong military man, which I haven't experienced, thank goodness, and he'll be a wonderful ruler over a beautiful country. Why can't you say his name, dear?"

Ana drummed her manicured fingernails against the white linen tablecloth impatiently. "Because the sound of it is too annoying. I've read about his exploits in the gossip columns too often over the past several years. I don't want to have to think about him," she sniffed and took a delicate sip of the still hot coffee. "The situation is bad enough without saying his awful name out loud."

The queen put a calming hand over Ana's hand to stop the drumming. Looking her in the eye, she asked, "What are you angrier about? The fact that the man has had a few beautiful mistresses? Or that you're going to be married to him next month?'

Ana pulled herself up regally in the chair and rubbed her forehead. "I don't know. I resent the fact that he can go out and do just about anything he wants whereas I have so many restrictions placed on everything I do it is like being in a prison."

Natasha's face showed her shock. "But you went to college dear. That's more than what was expected of you. Finishing school would have been perfectly acceptable."

Ana's crystal blue eyes looked into the green ones of her mother. "Thank you for educating me and letting me know what I can't have. I don't know if it is worse; knowing what's out there and what I want to do, or not knowing what the possibilities are."

"What would you like to do that you can't do as a princess here at home, or as the Queen of Montbain?"

Ana bit her lip, wondering if she could tell her mother what she really wanted to do. Her mother was understanding and seemed to have the ability to influence her father the way no one else could. Did she dare? Looking into her mother's concerned face, she decided to express her desires. Perhaps it would delay the wedding for a few more years. Maybe completely? "I'd like to go to law school and become a lawyer. I know it isn't the most glamorous job in the world, but I like the intricacies of law."

Natasha smiled and put her jeweled hand on her daughter's shoulder. "Ana, you have an incredible mind and I'm sure if you started using it, you'd understand that your dreams don't have to be forgotten."

With that, her mother stood up gracefully and glided across the room. "Don't forget that we leave for Washington, D.C. tomorrow morning. Rose is already packing your bags but you'll need to supervise. There will be engagements and obligations, not to mention a meeting with your future husband tomorrow night. You have been avoiding that for years. Tomorrow night you will be expected to join him at dinner regardless of whatever ailments suddenly fall upon your shoulders, young lady," her mother admonished before stepping out of the room.

Ana watched her mother cross the room and wished she could be as graceful and confident. Once she was alone, she stood up and walked to the window, staring out into the bright morning sunshine. The gardens outside her suite of rooms were just starting to blossom with the early spring flowers and she wished she could just climb out of her window and lay down in the fragrant earth, forgetting about her problems and the urgency of her upcoming nuptials. But the windows were bullet proof and sealed against intruders.

She was so wrapped up in her own misery, she didn't hear the door to her suite open and close. "Annie, which do you think would be better? The orange or the pink?" Marabeth, Ana's younger sister by two years, asked as she walked into Ana's room.

Ana turned and almost grimaced at the two dresses her sister was holding up. Marabeth had red hair, just as Ana did and both colors would clash violently with her hair. "I'm guessing George will be there tomorrow night?" Ana asked, referring to Marabeth's fiance.

Marabeth smiled broadly. "You betcha. I have to look my best, mother said. So which do you think would do the trick?" she asked, holding both dresses up to her face in turn.

Ana laughed. The pink made Marabeth look like she was going to throw up and the orange brought out every possible freckle on the young woman's face. "I think both will work out wonderfully for your purpose, Mara." Marabeth tried hard to look her worst whenever she was around her betrothed.

Marabeth chuckled. "What's your plan?" she asked, laying the two dresses over the back of a chair and then flopping down onto it herself, not caring that the dresses would become wrinkled underneath her.

Ana shook her head. "I don't have one. I'd thought he'd forgotten me."

Marabeth moved over to stand directly behind her older sister, understanding Ana's anger and frustration but unable to help diffuse it. "That wasn't very forward thinking of you, Annie," she said quietly.

"I know," she said and walked across the room, touching the beautiful pink silk of the dress. It really was a pretty dress, just not intended for a redhead. "How did you even get this dress inside the palace? It wasn't made by Lizzy, was it?" Ana said, referring to the royal dress designer who made all the clothes for Ana and Marabeth. Lizzy made sure the royal family was always dressed in the finest clothes which were at the height of fashion.

"No. I bought it in London last week when I was there visiting George. He was ogling the waitress during lunch. You know what a stickler the man is for fashion. I thought the dress would be the perfect punishment."

Ana laughed. "That's a good idea."

"You won't mind me being in something this hideous for your engagement pictures?"

Ana shook her head. "No. I don't want the pictures, so why would I care what they look like?"

"Good point," she replied, smilingly brightly. "Okay, I have to finish assembling my wardrobe for the next week," she said and stood up, grabbing the two dresses in one hand. She glanced through the windows at the pretty gardens and sighed. "At least we'll get out of the palace. I'm not looking forward to another hotel room but maybe the walls will be a different color."

Chapter 2

Prince Erik Marcus Phillips the Third walked quickly down the hallway, nodding to his father's cabinet members as he passed but not really paying much attention to them. The guards opened the doors before he even had to slow down and Erik walked into his father's private office.

"The results of the study aren't adequate, father," he said without preamble. "We need more evidence before making a decision of this kind," he continued and placed the papers in the middle of the large, polished desk.

Erik observed his father as he picked up the papers. He looked older but wasn't sure he noticed the ailing health his father had been using as the excuse to move up Erik's wedding.

It was no matter, Erik thought. If his father wanted him to marry, he'd do it. He loved and respected his father and he'd been given several extra years of freedom, for which he'd always be grateful.

"What do you recommend?" King Alexander Phillips asked, leaning back in his chair and crossing his hands over his still firm stomach.

"We should hold off. There's definitely enough evidence to suggest alternatives to that plan of action and we should explore the possibilities. Forming an alliance with that branch will only cause several problems later on and I think we can avoid those if we're careful."

King Alexander nodded his head and silently agreed with his son. He was proud of the man sitting in front of his desk. He was strong and opinionated, smart and had a genuine love of his country. He would make a good king but he had to be married. The public would demand it. And basically, Alexander wanted grandkids. If he didn't push things along, Erik would continue with his mistresses and be content with the arrangement. The man was thirty six and was driving himself at both ends. He worked hard and was brilliant with the national representatives, knowing how to put both party's issues into the mix and come out with wonderful compromises. The man was a born leader with a decisive personality and the intelligence to absorb a huge amount of data and process it into a solution. But Alexander knew he didn't spare himself with the ladies.

"Good. Anything else?" King Alexander replied.

"Nothing urgent. The unions and farmers would like to talk. They've sent representatives and apparently are up in arms about the issues I briefed you on last week. But nothing new. There are several oil negotiations that need to be worked out since the leases are up next year but I don't foresee any problems there either."

"Fine, fine," the king said, nodding his approval. "Are you ready for tomorrow?" he asked.

Erik raised one eyebrow. "What's tomorrow?" Erik vaguely remembered that they were flying to the United States and he mentally ticked off several meetings he wanted to schedule while he was there.

King Alexander chuckled. "You're meeting your future wife? There's the big engagement party tomorrow night? Any of this ringing a bell?"

Erik grimaced inwardly, hoping his father didn't perceive that he'd forgotten that detail. He nodded quickly to cover his lack of interest in the event. "Yes, I think so. Princess Anastasia? Isn't that her name?" he asked, not really concerned with the situation.

"That's correct. Very lovely woman, if I remember her correctly. Spirited child," he laughed again. "I believe you met her about ten years ago. She probably hasn't changed that much in your mind given that you haven't seen her since her coming out party. She was showing genuine signs of beauty then although she was rather gangly at that point. I've seen her several times since then and she has blossomed into a stunning woman."

"I'm sure she'll be adequate," Erik said uninterestedly, vaguely remembering a shy red-head with white skin and freckles. She'd been painfully skinny ten years ago so he didn't have much anticipation of her looks now. "We can probably schedule meetings with the oil companies while we are there. That will free up more time next month when we start the lease negotiations again."

King Alexander sighed. "You understand that this woman is going to become your wife and the future Queen of Montbain, correct? I've never seen anyone so non-challant about getting married."

"I have no doubt that she has been raised properly. I've met and respect King Stephan a great deal. He's a very fair ruler."

King Alexander frowned at his son. "You know I'm wanting grandkids very soon!" he said sternly. "I'll have none of this dilly dallying around, young man! You're of an age when you should already have several children but you've been fooling around about this situation for too long."

Erik smiled fondly at his father. "I don't believe I've had a problem with the act of making babies before. If she is as beautiful as you say, I will pursue the subject with great diligence after the wedding," he said.

King Alexander's eyebrows drew together sharply. "What do you mean? You haven't fathered any children already, have you?"

"Calm down, father. You'll get your blood pressure stirred up."

"Don't you worry about my blood pressure, answer the bloody question, son!"

"No. You can rest easy about that subject. I have not fathered any children to date. I was just explaining that I have been very diligent about practicing."

King Alexander quickly calmed down. After a few moments, he chuckled. "Well, I'll agree with you on the practice part. But it is time to stop practicing and get down to the task."

"If the woman is as beautiful as it is rumored she is, I don't think I'll have any problems applying myself to the task with a vengeance."

"Good, good," the king said, relaxing back into his chair. "What were you saying about the leases again?" he moved on to the next subject.

Erik and his father discussed affairs of state for the next hour. After which, he went back to his suite and informed his valet that they would be traveling. "Already informed of that sir. And congratulations, I might add, on your upcoming nuptials," Jim said, bowing slightly.

"What's that?" Erik said, glancing at a file. "Oh, right. Yes, thank you," he replied distractedly then glanced back down at the file he'd been reading.

Chapter 3

Ana walked into the hotel suite of the Mayflower Hotel the following morning. Located across the street from the White House, it was used for most out of state dignitaries that weren't here on official state business. Although her father would meet with the president, it would be only a social call. This visit was more business oriented than political. The fact that Ana's engagement party was scheduled for tonight was only a matter of convenience, which made her grit her teeth each time she thought about it.

It was still relatively early and Ana didn't have any obligations today. She was scheduled to visit the spa after lunch and get a manicure, pedicure, facial and massage in preparation for her meeting with her fiance tonight.

Marabeth walked into her room and flounced onto a settee. "Hi. Want to watch a movie?" she asked, already bored.

"I thought you were meeting George for lunch. What happened to that appointment?" Ana asked, sitting down on the upholstered chair opposite her sister.

"Canceled," she said with a wave of her hand, then pushed her heavy red curls behind her shoulders. "He probably had a meeting with his mistress," she supposed out loud, rolling her green eyes at the thought.

Ana smiled sympathetically but tried not to show it. Marabeth didn't want pity. She was too proud for that. "That's not what he said, I'm guessing. What's his official excuse this time?"

"Business but he conveys his deepest regrets," she said sarcastically, putting her hand over her heart.

Ana tucked a red curl behind her ear and laughed at her younger sister's deprecating joke. "Okay, so what are we going to do for the rest of the morning?"

Both girls jumped slightly as the door to Ana's suite opened suddenly. "Oh, good, I'm glad I found you, Marabeth," their mother said as she walked into the room, slightly breathless. "George called and your lunch date with him is back on. You'll have to hurry if you're going to be on time," she said.

Marabeth rolled her eyes. "Oh mother, why do I have to jump each time he calls? This is ridiculous," she said but stood up and walked quickly into her room.

Natasha sighed as she followed her youngest daughter. "I'm sorry dear. I'll help you find something appropriate to wear. It seems that you've lost your sense of style lately when it comes to your meetings with George," she said, following her daughter out of the room.

Ana stood up and walked to the window. Outside, the day was beautiful and sunny. There wasn't a cloud in the sky and the daffodils were already in full bloom. Ana sighed and wondered what it would be like to walk along the streets and be like a tourist. She watched some joggers as they passed by the hotel window, wishing she could exercise out in the fresh air instead of on the tread mill in the palace or hotel gym.

Someone walked by with a cup of coffee in one hand and a newspaper in the other. The man strolled casually through the trees until he sat down underneath one. The man simply sipped and read the newspaper. Ana watched him for almost a half hour, wishing she could be like him.

She should just leave the hotel and get a cup of coffee.

Moving away from the window, she reached into her suitcase and pulled out her book. Sitting down on the settee her sister had just vacated, Ana tried to dive into the world of literature, hoping it would take her mind off tonight's anticipated but undesired meeting with her future husband.

The thought of leaving the hotel on her own kept niggling in her mind though. She looked around at the perfectly decorated, but incredibly bland hotel suite. Why couldn't she just go have a cup of coffee by herself? What harm would it cause? She was a grown woman, she had a book and she wanted to read outside of the hotel and away from her guards. There was always the threat of kidnapping which had been drilled into her from a young age. But really, how dangerous could it be? She was a princess from a small, mountain country that was strategic but not powerful. Because she'd led such a protected existence, her face really wasn't that recognizable.

She was going to do it, she decided. Ana walked to her purse and pulled out her wallet. No money! Ugh, she thought. How could she get some money? She wasn't sure how much a cup of coffee costs, especially here in the U.S.

She walked out to the main rooms of the suite and found her older brother, Prince Maximillian reading through some files. "Max, I need your help," she said.

Max instantly put his file down and turned toward his sister. Max was a wonderful older brother if somewhat arrogant and only slightly domineering. But Ana excused him for that since he had been trained from birth to be ruler of his country. He was also the exact opposite of Ana and Marabeth in looks. Whereas the girls were petite with striking red hair and green or crystal blue eyes, Max had inherited their father's dark black hair and dark blue eyes. He was also very tall and muscular from years of military training.

"What do you need?" he asked, looking down fondly at his sister.

"I need some money," she said. "Do you have any American currency?" she asked.

Max barely blinked at her surprising question. "Yes. What do you need? I'll have room service send it up," he said patronizingly and started reaching for the phone.

"No, please. I don't want room service. If you don't want to give me a few dollars, I'll get it from mother."

Max laughed. "I doubt mother has any either, Ana. What do you need? I promise that Americans have all the conveniences of home and whatever you need can be delivered to you."

Ana sighed and her shoulders drooped slightly. "Yes. I'm sure you're right. Thank you," she said and returned to the privacy of her rooms.

Ana surveyed the beautiful gold colored suite and wondered where else she could get some money. She supposed she could ask her body guards but that might tip them off that she was going to try and slip out of the hotel. Besides, they'd probably just tell her the same thing her brother had said.

Searching through her purse, she came across her wallet again. What was the point of having a wallet if she didn't have any money? "Marabeth!" The thought struck her at the same time her wallet fell onto the table.

Ana walked into her sister's room, grateful that their mother was already gone. "Mara, how did you buy that pink dress last week in London?"

"I used credit cards, silly," she said and pulled a white sweater over her head.

Ana rushed out of her room and checked her wallet. Sure enough, it was loaded with credit cards. Tucking the wallet under her arm, she grabbed a scarf and headed out of the suite. She felt very daring as she peered out of the room and checked the hallways. So far, the coast was clear. No guards out here.

Ana walked to the elevators as if she'd done this many times before but her heart was beating wildly. The elevators closed around her and she held her breath, hoping no one would come out of the room to stop her.

Down in the lobby, Ana felt as if she was going to be stopped at any moment. When she reached the street, her body cringed and prepared to be jerked either back into the safety of the hotel or into a black van that would carry her off to her kidnapper's lair. When neither happened, she looked around, shocked that it was so easy to just walk away from her body guards.

Ana didn't waste anymore time. She took off down the street and, after three blocks, found a quiet coffee shop. As soon as she walked in, she was assailed by the smell of freshly ground coffee beans and something else that leaned toward the sweet side but she couldn't quite place the scent. The other customers were either reading a newspaper or book or they were leaning toward their companion, sipping coffee out of their paper cups and talking in low voices intently.

Ana stood at the end of a line of people approximately ten deep, surveying the others in the shop and impressed that she had gained the courage to make it this far. She was thrilled with her adventure and excited about the prospect of a cup of coffee all by herself. When she reached the front of the line, she smiled happily at the clerk. "May I please have a cappuccino?" she said, eager to accomplish her first, lone purchase. Her credit card was clenched in her hand and she had to concentrate on not dancing in her eagerness.

"Talle or grande?" the woman behind the counter asked, not returning Ana's smile.

"Excuse me?"

The cashier grouchily pointed to the two cups indicating the sizes of the coffee, almost rolling her eyes in frustration and a need to get back to leaning lazily against the counter top now that the morning coffee rush was over.

Ana looked at both cups and her eyes widened. Both paper cups were much larger than her usual cup of coffee in a bone china demitasse cup. "Oh, my. That's quite a lot of coffee, I suppose. The small one will be fine," she said.

"Skim, full or cream?" the woman said, her body leaning onto one leg impatiently.

"Excuse me?" Ana asked again, completely unsure what was being asked of her.

The clerk sighed impatiently. "Do you want skim, full or cream milk in your coffee?" she asked, rolling her eyes at the idiocy of the question.

"Ah! Well, I guess full would be very decadent, wouldn't it?"

The clerk didn't respond but she yelled back to the person behind her. "Tall cappuccino, full!"

"May I also have a newspaper?" she asked. Ana handed her a credit card and waited anxiously, hoping it wouldn't be rejected from lack of use. When the woman simply handed her back the credit card and a piece of paper, Ana was thrilled beyond words with her simple task. "Thank you," she said and moved on down the line.

"You need to sign, ma'am," the clerk called back to her.

"Oh, yes," Ana said. "Quite right." With a flourish, she signed her name and handed the pen back to her.

A teenage boy handed Ana a very large cup and Ana picked up a newspaper. With delicious freedom, she found a relatively comfortable spot near the window and sat down in a hard, plastic chair to sip her coffee and read her newspaper, just like everyone else in the store was doing.

Prince Erik lurched as the limousine swooped to one side, a loud hissing sound followed. "What the..." he said, impatiently holding his hot coffee cup away from his suit as the brown liquid danced over the edge of the cup and onto the floorboards of the car.

The driver immediately pulled over to the side of the road and turned around. "I'm sorry, your highness. There are so many potholes in the roads after the winter. I'll get out and check what happened to the car. It won't be but a moment."

"Fine," Erik said, not really caring about the pothole but irritated with the state of his shoe which now had coffee on it.

A moment later, Erik's body guard, Tim, opened the back door. "I'm sorry, your highness but the driver has explained that there is a flat tire. It will only take a few minutes to fix."

"Great," Erik said furiously and looked out the window. "I'll be in the coffee shop getting some fresh coffee. Signal me when the bloody tire is fixed." He got out of the limousine and shook his shoe, ignoring the crisp breeze that told the world that winter could still come back with a vengeance even through the promise of a relatively warm spring breeze.

Erik walked quickly across the street and entered the shop, only vaguely aware of Tim, following behind him. The man knew to stay discreetly out of his way and was very good at his job, not that he really needed a body guard. Erik felt he would be able to defend himself easily against just about any attack, had in fact been trained to do so. But the king demanded that Tim guard him anyway.

Erik walked up to the now empty line and ordered a double espresso then surveyed the occupants of the store while he waited for his coffee to be made. His eyes initially glanced over the tiny woman with the scarf over her head, but then a strand of red hair peeked out from the back when she leaned forward. Redhead! And a beautiful one at that. He hadn't been with a redhead in a long time and he admired the silky threads that were visible underneath the scarf. He knew he'd be in luck if she had green eyes. His body stirred slightly at the thought. Ah, the combination of red hair and green eyes was just too striking in his mind to ignore. He loved it, was his favorite combination. He knew it was cliche, just like blonds and blue eyes, but he thought it was a rare woman who had the combination and he just couldn't pass up the opportunity to at least chat with the lovely lady.

From what he could see she had a slim figure and beautiful skin. From this distance her high cheekbones were just too perfect to be real. He saw her profile as she skimmed the newspaper and was struck by her beauty, his eyes not leaving her face for a moment now that he'd seen her.

Taking his coffee, he walked toward the front of the store. "May I join you?" he asked, bowing slightly as he watched her face move from the newspaper she was reading to his own.

Blue eyes, but still startling in their gorgeous color! The distance from the counter hadn't been simply an illusion. The woman had perfect, glowing, flawless skin. What a beauty, he thought to himself.

"Excuse me?" she said, pulling the newspaper closer to her body in a protective measure.

Eric saw the wariness in her eyes and bowed politely again, trying to allay her fears from him being a stranger. "I was hoping I could share the table with you, since the rest seemed to be taken already.

Ana looked around and, sure enough, all the other chairs were occupied. She supposed this was normal activity for Americans, but it definitely threw her for a shock. "Well, yes. I suppose," she said and scooted her chair father away from the table. There was only so far she could go though since her table was in the corner with the store window to her left and the wall to her back. Another table with an occupant's back blocked her into the right.

"Thank you," he said and took the chair opposite her.

Ana looked back down at her newspaper, terrified of the tall, handsome stranger. She wanted to peek back up at him and view his features. He really was a gorgeous man, she thought as she glanced back up at him. He caught her look and winked at her from his own newspaper. Ana quickly glanced back down, feeling silly for staring at him.

"What's so interesting in the newspaper?" he asked after several silent moments.

Ana looked up and felt her insides turn to jelly. Goodness, his face was incredibly handsome. His square jaw framed firm lips that weren't sensuous in anyway but she wondered what they would feel like kissing hers. His nose was very patrician looking but his eyes! Oh those eyes were simply sinful, she thought. They promised forbidden pleasures deep in their dark blue depths. Flustered, she tried to come up with a witty response but her tongue was tied as he looked at her with those lovely, sexy eyes. "Um...nothing really," she replied.

"You're not from around here, are you?" he asked. "I don't recognize your accent."

Ana flushed and wondered how she was going to answer his question. "Oh, I'm from Europe," she said evasively.

"What country?" he asked.

"Um...nowhere you've probably heard of," she said, nervous now about the possibility of kidnapping. "Are you doing business in the city or are you just visiting?" she asked, quickly changing the subject away from herself.

"Business mostly, I suppose," he thought, remembering the dinner he had tonight to meet his future wife. His day was also packed with back to back meetings. He wasn't sure if he classified his engagement party as business along with the other meetings or if she should be in the pleasure category. He supposed he'd find out tonight.

Ana liked him immediately for some reason which was odd since she was usually painfully shy around most strangers. Her sister was the one who was more vivacious and outgoing. This man had a very nice, deep voice. Sexy, she thought. Definitely sexy! Clearing her throat and concentrating on the conversation, she struggled to remember what he'd said. "Mostly? I guess you'll have some fun while you're here?" she asked, trying to think of something to say other than "Oh" in response. It wasn't just his voice that was sexy, she considered. Now that she was able to openly look at him, he truly was an overwhelming man with incredibly broad shoulders and handsome features. Every cell in him seemed to emanate authority and confidence. Not that she liked that kind of man, she thought. She hoped her future husband would be more on the slender side, she told herself. But this man was definitely put together in a nice way. She just didn't like large, domineering men with strong personalities. Her brother and her father were like that and they tended to be too autocratic for her taste.

"Yes," he said, instantly deciding that he would be spending time with this woman during his week long visit. "What's your name?"

Ana hesitated for a moment, not wanting to reveal her real name. "Annie," she said, thinking of the hated nickname her sister called her.

"Nice to meet you, Annie," he replied, leaning forward so his arms were leaning on the table. "I'm Marcus," Erik replied, using his middle name as he usually did when entertaining a woman. "Tell me about yourself. What do you like to do?"

They talked about lots of things. He was generally pro-business but had a wonderful sense of the environment and social issues. Ana argued the social side when ever he brought up the business side of life. He made her laugh at some of his outrageous opinions and challenged him on several others. She suspected that he was just choosing the opposite side for controversy but she even liked that about him. He wasn't so overwhelming, she started to think. He was still very large, though. But now that she'd gotten to know him a little more, she didn't hold that against him. In fact, there was little about the man she didn't like. Especially his smile, she thought, her insides melting when she said something funny and he threw back his head and laughed, the humor lingering in his eyes even after the laughter had died.

Yes, she really liked his smile. And his shoulders. When he leaned forward to make a point about government responsibilities, she decided that she really liked broad, muscular shoulders after all.

Ana was so engaged and having such a wonderful time, she didn't realize how much time had passed until she accidentally glanced at his watch. "Oh, no! Is it really one o'clock?" she gasped, grabbing his hand to still his wrist so she could get a better look at the time.

"Yes. Why? I'm guessing you have an urgent appointment somewhere?"

Ana picked up her scarf which had fallen to the floor during their conversation as well as her empty coffee cup and newspaper. "Yes, I do," she said and stood up.

"Wait. Have dinner with me tonight," he said, stopping her with a simple touch to her arm.

Ana shivered with his small touch, wondering how a stranger could generate such heat. She ignored the feelings, knowing the relationship could not go any further than this one, exhilarating conversation. She was meeting her future husband tonight and after all, she'd never been able to flirt, or even date another man, knowing that she was betrothed to the odious Prince Erik. Dating anyone had been out of the question. "No, I can't. Really, I have to go," she said and started to slip by him, now that she'd remembered her engagement party, she knew that this mild flirtation would have to stop immediately.

His hand to her arm stopped her and she again shivered with awareness when his hand caught both of hers in his large ones. "Annie, I won't let you go without knowing I'll see you again. You can't just leave me with nothing. Meet me tomorrow, here," he said. "Have coffee with me again. It is Sunday so you can't have any appointments tomorrow."

She glanced down at the strong hand gently touching her arm and wanted to agree to meet him. But she also knew it was too dangerous to agree. Her mind was already working on how she was going to get through the evening with her future husband tonight. "Yes, unfortunately I do have appointments tomorrow that I can't get out of," she said but the disappointment was in her voice. She started to walk away again, knowing that she needed to get away as fast as possible before she embarrassed herself in front of him.

"Annie," his deep voice said softly.

His words stilled her and she looked up at him. The rest of the coffee shop disappeared, the other patrons' noise dimmed and there was only the two of them, the rest of the world blocked out. His eyes transfixed hers and she stared, her heart beating wildly as she watched his head descend slowly toward hers, inch by inch and her head turned up automatically, eager to receive his kiss.

When his lips finally touched hers, Ana gasped at the feeling. He lifted his mouth up only a fraction of an inch to stare into her startled eyes, then kissed her again, this time with slightly more pressure, his lips rubbing sensually against hers.

Ana sighed and closed her eyes, the feeling of electricity tingling through her body at his touch. His lips were wonderful, transporting her away from all the tension of her current predicament and into a world where only Marcus existed. She'd never really been kissed before except for awkward, stolen kisses on a dance floor. But this man definitely knew how to kiss and applied that skill with a gentle pressure against her own lips.

"Annie," he groaned softly. But her name sparked her out of the trance and she stepped back.

Stepping back, she looked around, worried that someone had seen them, which of course they had since they were standing in the middle of a coffee shop with a few other patrons. But no one seemed to be paying them any attention. She quickly pulled her scarf up over her head with shaking fingers and covered her shining hair, wishing she could just forget her responsibilities and run away with him, let him kiss her senseless. But Ana had never been one to ignore her duties. "I'm sorry, I really must go," she said and ducked around him to rush out of the coffee shop.

Erik watched her leave and his eyes bored into her back, willing her to stop and come back to him. He'd never felt so much in so little time with a woman. He didn't deny that he was affected by the innocence of her kiss. He knew it was impossible because of her beauty and charming manner, but if that kiss was any indication, he would swear that she'd never been with a man before. He was even tempted to run down the street and pull her back into his arms and find out just how innocent she was. He had the thought of how wonderful it would be to teach her all about the art of lovemaking.

Erik sighed and looked over at Tim who was still standing sentry outside the store waiting patiently despite a crushing schedule for the day. Time to get back to work, he told himself. He tossed his empty coffee cup into the trash and went outside. "Everything better, Tim?" he asked, seeing that the tire had already been replaced.

"Yes, sire," Tim said, bowing slightly as he opened the door to the waiting limousine door for Erik.

Erik stopped, one hand on the door and the other on the roof of the car. He stared in the direction Annie had raced and considered what he was about to do. What would be the harm? A niggling sense of propriety told him that he was due to meet his future wife tonight and it wasn't really good form to be hunting down one woman while being introduced to the future mother of his children. But he said the words that placed action in play. "Find her Tim," he said and ducked his head into the limousine.

The door closed behind him and he saw Tim get into the front seat. The guard instantly picked up the phone and started speaking to someone. Erik heard the words "red hair" and "petite" but then blocked the situation out of this mind as he picked up the file he had been reading before the tire blew out.

Chapter 4

Ana snuck back into the hotel, sure everyone would be racing around trying to find her. But no one blinked or even looked up as she made her way to the bank of elevators. The ride up to her floor was just as smooth and easy as was her slipping inside her room unnoticed. Ana was just taking off her scarf when her mother walked in. "Ana! What are you still doing here?" she said. "Shouldn't you be at the spa already? I thought your appointment was for 2 o'clock."

"Yes, I don't know where the time went," Ana said honestly. "I'm on my way," she said and grabbed her purse to rush out the door.

Ana made it to the spa and they were very accommodating for her, which wasn't a surprise. Ana relaxed as technicians worked the kinks out of her body and pampered her thoroughly. She sat back and relived every moment she'd spent with Marcus, reliving each sentence and especially the kiss at the end. She had been kissed before, but because she'd been betrothed, Ana had never had any suitors. Her very few kisses had been stolen, sloppy lips against her cheek or the corner of her mouth. Since she'd avoided her fiance for the past ten years, she'd never had any chance to really be kissed. It was shocking that she was now twenty six years old and had never experienced those feelings before. The small kisses others had stolen over the years were nothing compared to the soft, whisper kiss that Marcus had given her and she shivered at the memory of those feelings.

By six o'clock, Ana was back at the hotel, her hair carefully and artistically piled on top of her head in a Grecian style that flattered her face, leaving her neck free. She pulled on the simple white gown, not really caring about her appearance all that much. She didn't want to meet this man who would become her husband. She wanted to hide in her hotel room and savor the memory of her afternoon. But she followed her parents out of the hotel and arrived at the engagement dinner with a heavy heart.

Ana stood in the receiving line with her parents, sister and brother. Every few minutes, she'd stare down the line and wondered where her future husband was and what he looked like. He couldn't compare to Marcus, she told herself, but maybe he would at least be nice looking. She vaguely remembered meeting him when he was a teenager but at that time, his voice had been changing, his limbs had been long but there wasn't much to credit him. He'd been tall she remembered but Ana hadn't been able to get a very good look at him. He was either talking with her father, or there were so many other teenage girls surrounding him, she hadn't been able to see him through the crowd. Nor had she tried very hard, she thought to herself.

Everyone looked on as King Alexander entered the room and Ana waited with her breath held for her fiance to follow. But no one was behind him. He walked royally into the banquet hall and bowed gracefully to Queen Natasha and King Stephen. "I'm sorry to report that Prince Erik will be late tonight. Please don't be offended by his tardiness. It was a horrible situation he had to resolve at the last minute." Turning to Ana, he smiled down into her green eyes. "I understand I can't compare to my son, but I'd be honored if you would allow me to escort you into dinner," he said.

Ana was offended at first, but she understood what an honor King Alexander was bestowing on her. She smiled gratefully up into his handsome face and nodded her head. "I'd be thrilled for your escort, you're highness," she said and put her hand through his arm.

Max sat on her left and King Alexander on her right and he entertained her through the entire awkward meal with stories of Prince Erik and how daring the man was, how wonderful he was with his subjects and how handsome he was.

"I'm sure he's a wonderful person," Ana said and laughed at all the appropriate moments. But inside, Ana was furious with the man for embarrassing her like this. She'd seen the pitying looks from the other guests who understood that Erik thought so little of her that he couldn't even make it to his engagement dinner. She was furious but maintained a calm, peaceful demeanor, knowing that the press would report her every move and expression in the papers the following morning.

Her father made a speech, talking about how wonderful it will be to unite the two kingdoms in marriage and how the two families could form bonds that would reach beyond the politics. Ana stopped listening as her anger boiled up. She had to clench her fists under the table, otherwise, she was likely to toss her wine glass at the wall. Her fury almost overwhelmed her.

By the end of the evening, Ana had formed several ideas on how she wanted to get back at the absent prince, some of which started with castration and mauling. Walking into her hotel suite, she stomped around, desperate to find some outlet to her fury and embarrassment. On the way home, she'd decided that castration wasn't good enough for the man but had many more ideas for what she'd like to do to him. Sharp objects were considered. The ideas were gruesome and she flung her white gloves off, tossing them onto her dresser and ignoring the mess her clothes created. She didn't even care that her lovely white dress was now sitting in a heap on the floor.

In the middle of Ana's angry tirade on men and their inconsiderate behavior, Marabeth walked in and sat down on the bed, already changed into her nightclothes and robe.

"How could he!" Ana exclaimed as soon as she saw Marabeth's face. "We aren't even married and the man can't even show me any respect." She stomped over to the window and pulled the drapes closed, yanking them shut with an unnecessary force that surprised even herself. "But why should he?" she asked, Marabath, turning back to face her seemingly calm sister. Ana disappeared into her dressing room to pull on a nightgown and robe, not wanting to wear the engagement party dress that had been chosen specifically for the occasion. Storming back into the room, she continued her angry tirade. "I'm just a decoration and an appropriately trained womb for the production of his heirs! I'm nothing to him. What a humiliation!" she growled, pacing her room, pulling the belt tighter on her satin robe.

Marabeth started to say something, then thought better of it. After another long, silent moment of watching her older sister, she spoke up. "King Stephan said it was an unavoidable emergency," Marabeth offered tentatively.

Anastasia sneered at the idea. "Right! Admit it, Marabeth, you don't believe that anymore than I do."

Marabeth smiled gently at her sister, trying to come up with some way to calm her down and ease her anger and frustration. "I think I believe it. I've never met him myself but from what I've heard of Prince Erik, he's very good about his obligations. I don't think he would have ignored an appearance as important as tonight without justifiable cause."

An inelegant snort was Ana's initial reaction to Marabeth comment. "Don't kid yourself, Marabeth. The man was probably out philandering," Ana said, and fought back the tears of humiliation that formed in her eyes.

Marabeth understood her sister well and rushed over to her side. "Ana, please don't assume the worst. I'm sure it was an awful thing that kept him from your side."

Ana didn't reply but a tear fell from her lashes onto her cheek and she angrily wiped the offending wetness away, hating the fact that she even cared what the man thought of her. She wanted to be strong and capable, someone who would be able to deal with whatever life dealt her but this situation was just untenable and unspeakably rude! Ana wished she just didn't care, but she did. If she didn't have love in her marriage, she at least wanted respect and common courtesy. From what she'd experienced from the man so far, neither were on his agenda.

Marabeth continued despite her sister's silence. "Perhaps you could ask him tomorrow."

Ana stared at the ceiling, wishing she didn't care. "What good would it do? If he gave me some lame excuse that I don't believe, would father release me from this ridiculous engagement? Would I get to go to law school and practice law? Would I be able to find my own apartment and live my life the way I want to?"

Marabeth shook her head. "No," she said sadly.

"They why listen to the lies? Face it Marabeth, we're stuck in our lives just as the people out there are stuck in theirs," she said, waving her hand to the people still rushing along the sidewalks, urgently trying to reach their destinations as they bundled against the cooler than normal spring evening. "I'm sure many of them would give up a lot to be in our shoes and I'm just being ungrateful." Ana sniffed and tried to pull herself together. She knew she was being ridiculous and should be strong and calm in all situations. She'd been raised to know how to act no matter what was thrown at her. Good grief, she could handle a posse of reporters with a smile and a polite comment. Why was one man's absence creating so many emotions within her?

Because of Marcus, she knew. The thought popped into her mind before she could stop it but she knew it was true. If she hadn't met Marcus this afternoon, known what it was like to shiver in a man's arms and feel desire course through her body with a small, gentle touch, she would be giving in to the situation with more grace. But now, she just didn't want to give in. She had a more valid reason to resist than just not wanting to be married to a stranger.

Marabeth could feel her sister's pain by the way she was holding herself still. "Oh Ana, please don't do this to yourself," she said, rushing over to take her sister's hands in hers and pulling her down onto a white, damask covered settee. "Perhaps, once you meet Prince Erik, you'll find that he's wonderful and charming and he'll fall in love with you and you with him and you'll live happily ever after, just like in all the stories."

Ana wiped another tear from her face. "Do you love George?" she asked quietly, already knowing the answer but wanting to make a point to her sister.

Marabeth shook her head slowly. "No, but I'm sure we'll have a decent marriage. And I love children. I know we'll start a family as soon as we're married."

Ana nodded, admiring the proud thrust of her sister's chin. Ana and her sister both loved kids and wanted several. The idea cheered her a little.

Marabeth noted her changed attitude and continued. "Just think, we could get all our kids together for Christmases and birthdays. You want about six or seven and I want at least that many. I have no idea how many Max wants but I'm sure he'll eventually want some kids."

Ana laughed. "Could you imagine talking to Max about having children?"

The idea made both girls break down in giggles. "He's much too dignified for having children," Marabeth said, using a deep voice similar to her father's. "Could you imagine Max changing a diaper?" she continued.

The idea was too ludicrous and they just laughed harder. "Max wouldn't know which end of the baby to put the diaper on," Ana said, picturing her tough, macho and oh, so dignified brother changing a diaper.

"What's so funny?" Max said, poking his head into Ana's room.

The appearance of the man himself just made the ladies giggle even harder. Max stepped into the room, feeling awkward but glad that his sisters were feeling better than earlier in the evening. "I'm glad you two are better. Ana, I just wanted to come by and tell you how sorry I am for how the evening turned out," he said, bowing slightly toward both of his sisters, but his eyes focused on Ana. "It was not very well done but I've heard rumors about what could have happened. It was legitimate and not a slight on you personally."

Ana sobered and nodded. "Was the emergency blond or brunette?"

Max flushed and shook his head. "Really, Ana. That isn't a very nice way to talk about your future husband," he admonished.

He sounded so much like their stern father Ana couldn't help but laugh again. "Oh, Max. You're truly your father's son," she teased.

Max didn't take it as teasing but as a compliment and he bowed formally at his giggling younger sisters. "Thank you," he said. "Well, since you two obviously don't need any more cheering up, I'll excuse myself. Have a good evening," he continued and stepped quickly out of the room.

Ana and Marabeth laughed harder at his formality. "What about feeding the baby? Could you imagine him trying to get baby food into a wiggling baby's mouth? He'd probably order the infant to be still."

Ana nodded while gasping for breath. "But you know, the baby probably would stand at attention and would eat everything offered to her or him immediately without incident. Max just has that way about him, doesn't he?"

Marabeth nodded. "Yes. Why is that, do you think?" she asked, turning serious. "I mean, we say something and people smile at us patronizingly. But when Max says something, people sit up straighter and pay attention to the point of foolishness."

"Maybe it has something to do with the delivery," Ana said, considering the issue earnestly even though the two of them had been laughing heartily only moments before.

Marabeth nodded in agreement. "You might have something there. Maybe we're too nice. Do you think if we talk to father in a more stern voice, he'll listen to what we say more often?"

"We'd have to get him out of a meeting to do so," Ana replied dryly.

"Oh, he's not so unavailable. I've sent him messages before and he's come immediately."

"Yes, but weren't those messages life or death circumstances?"

"They were at the time," Marabeth said. "I don't think father thought so when he heard the issue."

"When was the last time you sent him a summons?"

Marabeth smiled at the memory, "I told him Liza was dying and he had to come immediately to save her."

Ana's mouth dropped open. "You didn't."

Marabeth nodded, her eyes glinting in humor. "Yes. I did. And at the time, tears were streaming down my face and I stomped my foot, demanding that father do something to save Liza."

Ana smothered a laugh before asking, "Marabeth, what did he do?"

She smiled fondly at her father's actions. "He took me over to my fish tank and gave me a big hug. That was my first experience of life and death. He was very compassionate as he scooped my fish out of the tank and gave him a burial at sea."

"Why didn't you ever tell me about that?" Ana asked.

Marabeth shrugged. "At the time, I remember being too devastated to deal with the death. Then, something probably happened and I forgot about it. I was about six or seven at the time, if I remember correctly."

"What a wonderful story."

"Yes, well, that's one of the reasons I want kids so badly. I want to give them everything I didn't have as a child."

Ana nodded. "Lots of hugs and kisses?"

"And bedtime stories."

"And snuggling in the dark when thunder storms come."

"And holding their hands on their first day of school when they are so scared they can barely speak."

Both girls were silent for a long time. Finally, Ana spoke up. "You're right. I'm looking at this all wrong," she said with a determined voice. "We have a purpose, don't we? We are the ones that are going to raise the next set of rulers. We have to do so with compassion and lots of love, hugs and kisses. There's a great deal of violence out there and we need to teach the next round of rulers how to deal with a changing world."

"That's a very nice way to think about it," Marabeth said and they gave each other a hug. "Good night. Please don't let your fiance hurt your feelings anymore. The future is always wonderful if you look at it in the right perspective."

"Thank you," Ana said, deeply touched that her sister was so wise.

Marabeth walked out of the room and Ana picked up her evening gown and gloves, hanging them in the closet instead of leaving them on the floor. After curling into bed, all thoughts of her future husband were banished. In the dark, she relived yet again, her kiss with Marcus and the feel of his gentle hands holding hers.

Chapter 5

The next morning was dull and gray. The sky looked like it was about to burst into thunderstorms at any moment. Ana looked out at the dull, lead sky and sighed. "I'm not going to be stuck inside this hotel all day long," she said out loud.

Pulling on a pair of slacks and comfortable shoes, Ana made the decision that she was going to visit some museums today. If she could do it with her body guards, that would be fine. Otherwise, she would sneak out and do it on her own. In fact, she preferred to do it on her own.

Max was taking his last sip of coffee when she sat down at the table. "What was so funny last night?" he asked.

"You," Ana said and smiled up at his stern expression.

"You were laughing at me?" he demanded.

"Not really at the current you. But at the idea of you changing a diaper on a baby," she said.

Max looked confused. "Why on earth would I change a diaper?" he asked, not really sure why that would be funny.

Ana smiled at her tall, handsome and extremely arrogant brother. "Exactly why we thought the idea was funny."

Max's features didn't change but he shook his head and walked away, obviously confused by his sisters' reactions to simple inquiries. "I'll see you at dinner tonight," he called out, kissing their mother as he passed.

The queen sat down at the table and poured herself a cup of tea. "What was that all about?" she asked.

"Just Max being his normal, autocratic and male self," Ana smiled.

Natasha smiled as well. "He is very domineering at times, isn't he?"

"I can't imagine where he gets it from," Ana said sarcastically.

Both of them laughed. "What is on your schedule today?" her mother asked.

"I'm going sightseeing," Ana said decisively.

"That's nice. Is Prince Erik taking you? I didn't see his name on the schedule today. Perhaps he's thinking to spend some time with you. That will be good for both of you. We aren't scheduled to see him officially until later this week but it will be good for the two of you to get together with some quiet time."

A servant appeared at the door and bowed, interrupting their conversation. "You're highness, I'm sorry to interrupt your breakfast, but there's an urgent call from downstairs," the waiter said, bowing again as he relayed his message.

"Oh, dear," the queen said and rose gracefully from the table. "I wonder what could possibly go wrong today," she said. "Have a nice day today and please tell me all about it tonight. I'm eager to hear about your impressions of Prince Erik and his attitude toward you. For some reason, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised by each other," she said with a mysterious smile on her face as she hurried out of the room to deal with the latest crisis.

Ana didn't have a chance to tell her mother that she wasn't seeing the arrogant prince today. In fact, she hadn't heard from him at all which should have eased her guilt at her lie of omission, but it didn't.

Ana quickly finished her toast and tea, then slipped out of the room, ignoring the twinge of fear and guilt she felt. The sense of freedom she was experiencing more than overrode those small twinges. She found another scarf and pulled it on over her head. She snuck out of the room just as she had yesterday. It occurred to her that she really should inform her body guards of what she was planning but decided not to do it. She wanted another day of freedom.

It was just as easy today as it was the day before. And it was a simple task to find the museums in Washington, D.C. She'd picked up a map in the lobby of the hotel, but all the main museums were located along the grassy strip known commonly as the "Mall" that ran between the Capital building and the Lincoln Memorial.

Ana spent the better part of the morning going through the Museum of American History. There were wonderful exhibits on everything from the gowns and contributions of the First Ladies to trains and transportation as well as Julia Child's kitchen. Ana spent over three hours in the museum and didn't realize how much time had gone by.

Prince Erik looked up from the report he had been reviewing for his afternoon meeting and did a double take. There she was! "Stop the car!" he called out forcefully. As soon as the limousine stopped, he jumped out and walked across the street. There, standing like a beacon of sunshine on the gray sidewalks under a dreary sky was the woman who had haunted his dreams and forced him to miss his engagement dinner the previous night. His father was still angry with him over that last issue but Erik had been hounding his security team to find out something on the woman who had eluded an entire force of top notch security guards and investigators. He couldn't believe that she was standing there, just smiling at the gray sky when he had paced his rooms until the early hours of the morning out of frustration for not finding any trace of her yesterday.

"You kept me up last night," he said, startling the tiny woman wearing a sunny yellow sweater and navy blue slacks. Her hair was pulled back on her neck but there was no way of hiding those red, flaming locks.

She turned and instantly smiled up at him, making all the stress of the previous night disappear. "Hello!"

Erik's anger completely disappeared with her enthusiastic response. It was a balm to his ego that she obviously wanted to see him just as eagerly as he wanted to find her. "What were you contemplating doing?" he asked, putting a hand behind her back and moving her out of the path of a large group of noisy students making their way toward the museum's entrance.

Ana's smile grew brighter as she looked up at his handsome face. "I was thinking about heading back to my hotel, but," she lowered her voice and her eyes shyly, "I really don't want to do that."

Erik smiled at her answer since it was exactly what he was hoping for. "Good. Because I'd just have to follow you and convince you to come out with me again."

"Really?" she asked, looking back up into his handsome face as her smile broadened at the idea.

"Absolutely." He glanced down at his watch quickly. "Have you had lunch?"

Ana shook her head. "I hadn't thought about it yet."

"Come with me. There's a wonderful restaurant right around the corner.'

"Is it busy?" she asked warily but followed him anyway.

"I don't think so. Why?" He put a hand to the small of her back and guided her down the road, feeling protective of both her feelings and herself.

Ana couldn't tell him that she didn't want to be in a large crowd for fear of someone recognizing her, but she had to tell him something. She thought quickly for a reasonable explanation. "Because I've just spent several hours in a museum with a crowd. I think I need some time in a quiet place for a little while." It was actually the truth and he seemed to accept it as the whole reason for her wariness.

"Ah, an introvert. I understand," he said.

Ana didn't really consider herself an introvert. She liked being around people but she also needed space, being alone so much of the time because of her body guards. It was exhausting but thrilling being around people when one was used to being protected and isolated at all times.

"Perhaps. But I think I'd like to be more of an extrovert," she replied, following him down the street as he led her to a lovely Spanish looking restaurant with colorful plates and bright curtains shielding the diners from the people on the sidewalk.

"Why is that?"

"I'd like to be around people more," she decided, thinking of her morning and watching all the fascinating people in the museum. They were almost as interesting as the exhibits.

"That sounds like someone who puts herself in seclusion most of the time. Believe me, I'm around people so often I'd love to have several hours a day to myself."

"Oh, it is nice some of the time," she said, thinking of her time spent at the palace. "But don't get me wrong. I have many days when I just crave those times."

"You have a particularly full calendar?" he asked, smiling in amusement.

She eyed his patronizing expression with humor. "You probably think I'm some sort of debutante who spends my time organizing parties, don't you?"

"I try not to make assumptions about people in general but you don't strike me as a hard core career woman. What do you do?" he asked.

Ana had just walked into a trap. What could she say? She didn't think he'd believe her if she explained that she was a royal princess who spent her days helping out various charity organizations. She considered her words carefully before saying, "I do my fair share of organizing events," was all she would say. "What do you do?" she asked, hesitating while he spoke to the hostess.

"Well for the past twenty four hours, I've been searching for a lovely red-head who escaped from me yesterday."

The hostess was leading them through the restaurant toward a table in the back which suited Ana just fine. She wanted to question him further about his career but was afraid he might question her further.

Once they were seated and looking at the menus, he looked across the table at her. "So tell me, why wouldn't you come out with me today when I asked you yesterday? Do I repulse you?"

"No!" she said quickly, moving her menu to the side as she earnestly shook her head. "No, please don't think that."

"Then, if you were just going to stroll through museums, why wouldn't you accept a lunch date with me today? We're here now."

Ana wondered what to say to him. "My life is...a little complicated. It isn't normal that I can just stroll through an area like this," she said, leaving it at that. She couldn't really explain that she was a member of a royal family and she had actually escaped her guard today. He'd either not believe her or he might...Ana couldn't imagine what he might think. She'd never had to explain her title or position before. It had always been announced and coordinated before she'd even entered a room.

"Why not?"

"I have a pretty protected life," she said simply.

Erik didn't go into that. He knew what that was like, living with his own body guards all the time. He spotted Tim three tables away and grimaced. "I can guess that might be a little restrictive," he said.

"Very," Ana replied with feeling.

"So tell me more about what do you do for a living?"

Ana was stumped again. "I'm active in several charities," she evaded. She didn't like lying to this man. He probably never lied in his life, he had a very honest, if incredibly handsome face.

"What kinds of charities?"

"I raise funds for several children's organizations. I guess that's my main focus. It breaks my heart to see children who go without a meal or a warm place to sleep. I think they should all have a chance to go to college if they want. In fact, I'm of the opinion that every child should go to college just as they should go to high school and elementary school."

"That wouldn't define the leaders much, would it?"

She laid her menu down, ready to do battle in an effort to defend children who usually didn't have a voice. "Depends on what you consider leaders. Are they only the wealthy that have the means to send their children to college or are they the ones that drive themselves hard enough to make their own way through college? Or could they even be the ones that have to work in low paying jobs in order to save their families, never able to earn the education that will help them break out of the cycle of poverty?"

"We can't be responsible for pushing the whole world," he challenged. Erik loved the spark that moved to her eyes when he said that. She obviously didn't like his opinion.

"You're wrong," she said.

Erik threw back his head and laughed. No one had ever dared to be so blatant about their disagreement with him before and he was enchanted. "How so?" he asked when he finally got his mirth under control.

She was more than ready to do battle. This man had to understand that there are many ways to define a leader. "There are so many children out there who have ideas but don't know how to express them. Some are never taught that it is okay to express their ideas and others think in ways that are not encouraged, therefore they are never given the chance to express their ideas. We're missing out on a huge resource if we only use the heirs of wealthy families or domineering, aggressive people. We'll miss out on the gentle side of nature and that is a loss that the world really can't afford to lose."

"We can't protect the gentle forever. Besides, they'll be crushed by the real world if they are too gentle. Everyone needs a tough skin to get through life. It is more about evolution than wealth."

Ana's lips pursed but she continued her arguments. "You sound like my brother," she said. "But he's wrong. We all need to balance our toughness with a gentle hand."

"Sort of like the iron fist covered by the velvet glove?"

"No. How about a teddy bear analogy?"

"It won't work," he said softly but wanted more than anything to live in her world. Hell, he thought to himself as he watched her animated features, he wanted her to live in his. That thought came out of nowhere and startled him at first but the more he thought about it, the more he realized it was the truth.

"It will work," she said forcefully. "I just need to find a way to get the gentler children into college. We all do. I think it is our civic responsibility for the tough to watch out for the gentle. And don't confuse the word gentle with weak either. These are the artists and musicians, or writers who may not make a lot of money but use their God given talents to show us a side of the world we haven't discovered yet. We may not agree with them but we have to respect their perceptions and consider their ideas. Otherwise, we're a poorer generation."

He smiled at her vehemence and took her hand in his, gently touching her fingers with his long ones. "You're very idealistic, aren't you?"

Ana was startled with the contact but didn't pull away. She liked the way his hands felt against her skin and wondered what it would be like to feel his hands on other parts of her body. She pushed those thoughts aside and forced herself to answer his question. "Some people might say I'm idealistic. Others might consider it more of a battle for equity."

"There is no equity in the world."

Ana sat back in her chair and shook her head, her hands falling out of his simply because her arms weren't long enough to hold the contact. "Might does not make right," she asserted.

The waitress arrived at that moment to take their order and Ana asked for a cup of soup and salad. She really wanted a huge platter of pasta smothered in a creamy cheese sauce but she knew that would be a little gauche. Her mouth almost dropped open when she listened to Marcus order something similar to what she'd wanted but also garlic bread and some other appetizers. Her mouth was watering just at the thought.

Her eyes were wide as the waitress walked away, smiling.

"You looked hungry, so I thought you might want something more than a salad," he said when he saw her expression.

Ana smiled and the butterflies started fluttering in her stomach. "That was very thoughtful of you," she whispered, embarrassed.

"You'd been arguing so vehemently about stepping up for the people who couldn't be heard."

"Did you hear my stomach growl or something?" she laughed.

Erik chuckled. "No. Your eyes wouldn't leave the pasta side of the menu. I don't think you even glanced at the salad side. It was pretty easy to see that you wanted something other than salad."

Ana wasn't sure she liked him being that observant. "Do you always watch people so closely?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because people reveal more with what they do than with what they say," he said simply.

"That sounds like very forward thinking. I come from a world where every word is analyzed to death."

"Sounds like you're also involved in some sort of politics."

Ana's stomach jumped. How could she have revealed that about herself? That was very careless. "There are a lot of people who say they will donate to charities and then don't." It wasn't a lie but she hoped it would push him away from the truth he'd come too close to a moment ago.

The appetizers arrived almost immediately and Ana took a grateful bite of the garlic bread that was dripping with delicious mozzarella cheese and garlic butter. "This is wonderful," she said, closing her eyes and savoring the wonderfully sinful taste.

Erik watched her savor the taste of the garlic bread and his throat ached, his stomach clenched and his body instantly hardened in reaction. The sensuous thrill she got simply from eating bread made him ache to pull her into his arms and kiss her. He thought she would probably be just as sensuous in bed. He knew at that moment that he was going to find out. He'd never been this adamant about needing to bed a woman before. He liked sex just as much as the next man but with this woman, it was more of a need than a want.

Ana opened her eyes and smiled, but her smile faltered when she saw the intensity of his expression. "I'm sorry, did I do something to offend you?" she asked, putting down the bread and wiping her hands delicately.

"Absolutely not. Just the opposite, in fact. I'm glad you enjoy the food," he smiled and took a long drink of ice cold water in an attempt to get his body under control. It didn't work.

Her expression cleared and she took another bite, enjoying it just as much as the first one. "What do you do?" she asked, wiping her mouth carefully.

"I'm a little bit of a do-it-all sort I guess," he replied.

"What kinds of things do you oversee?" She knew he was a leader and not one of the workers. She couldn't imagine this man taking orders from anyone.

"Why do you think I oversee things? Perhaps I actually do things."

Ana laughed and shook her head. "You're a leader. Don't even try to convince me otherwise. I simply won't believe it so just save your breath."

"Maybe I guide a few people," he relented.

Ana didn't believe him. He was probably the head of some corporation or something similar. This man positively emanated authority just like her father did. In fact, she took a good look at him now, he had the appearance and mannerisms of someone born to wealth and authority. Perhaps he was some sort of aristocrat but his English was infallible and without an accent so he had to be from Europe somewhere. "Where are you from?" she asked.

"Ah! I can't tell you. I'd be revealing too many secrets."

She smiled at the mystery, not bothered at all by his response. "Do you have many of them?"

"Of course," he replied without hesitation. "Don't you?"

Ana laughed and let the subject drop. "Okay, are you married?"

Erik shook his head honestly. "No. I'm not yet married." It felt good to be able tell her the truth about that but it wouldn't be honest in less than a month, he thought. Would she still be in his life at that point? He certainly hoped so.

"Girlfriend?" she asked, tilting her head to the side.

"No girlfriend either," he said. A fiancee he'd met over ten years ago didn't qualify as a girlfriend in his mind. And since he'd missed the party last night, he still hadn't reacquainted himself with her again. He might be splitting hairs on that answer but he didn't care.

"Why not?"

He raised a teasing eyebrow. "Perhaps I'm just a loner with no purpose in life."

Ana laughed at his joking expression. "No. You're more purposeful than anyone I've ever met."

"What about you?" he said, turning the tables before she asked a question he couldn't answer honestly or evasively. "Are you married? I'm guessing no since there's no ring on your finger?"

"Why is that?" she asked.

"What?" he asked, taking another bite of garlic bread and placing two more slices on her plate.

She instantly picked up the bread and took a grateful bite, thrilled that she felt comfortable enough to eat in front of him and not worried that her picture would be in the paper the following day. "Why does a woman always wear the symbol of marriage on her finger and yet a man doesn't do the same?"

"Some do."

"Would you?"

"I suppose so."

"Would you mind if your wife chose not to?"

"Why wouldn't she?"

"Why wouldn't you?" she challenged. "Think about it because I don't think many men would like the idea of their wife not wearing a wedding ring. In my opinion, they would consider it a form of branding in some way. But if a man doesn't wear a wedding ring, no one thinks twice about it. A woman doesn't have a choice really in the matter but a man has complete discretion on the subject. Doesn't he?"

Erik leaned back in his chair, his eyes showing his admiration for her argument. "I've never thought about it like that," he said.

"I'm guessing you never took any women's studies classes in college, did you?"

Erik laughed. "No, not really."

Their food arrived and interrupted their conversation. Ana ate more of the appetizers than her soup and salad, enjoying the freedom of eating what she wanted instead of worrying about what she might look like in pictures the next day in the newspaper.

While they ate, they challenged each other on the classes they took during their school years. Ana had gone to university, but she'd also taken many kinds of classes all through her life, as well as private tutors that drilled history and literature into her.

It was refreshing to speak her mind instead of worrying about how her words might offend someone. She didn't think Marcus would publish her words in the paper the next day so she felt free to voice her opinions and argue with him about anything he brought up.

They finished their meal two hours later and Ana smiled gratefully at the waitress who took their plates away.

Once they were alone again, he took her hand in his. "What are you doing for the rest of the afternoon?" he asked.

She thought about her schedule and what she really wanted to do and decided on a plan. "I was going to go through one of the other museums."

"Would you mind if I tagged along? I've never been inside them myself."

"I'd love it," she smiled brightly.

They walked across the street and Ana felt much better having his strong hand at the small of her back. It was different than having her body guards watching over her. With Marcus beside her, she felt safer, more cared for and protected. And with all the crowds inside the Museum of Natural History, she didn't feel overwhelmed because Marcus was right next to her, talking to her and listening to her opinions on the various exhibits.

They strolled through the fossils of the dinosaurs, then moved on to the evolution of animals. The exhibits just moved from one to the other and Ana barely knew when they were leaving one and moving on to the next one. Once they were in the stones and gems, Ana quickly walked through the jewelry, not really interested in the Hope Diamond or the other beautiful and priceless stones. She saw enough jewelry and didn't need to see these, especially since they were surrounded by so many other people wanting to have a look.

They were outside, slowly walking down the gravel pathway when Marcus asked her, "Why didn't you want to see the diamonds and rubies?"

Ana shrugged her shoulders. "Once you've seen one stone, you've pretty much seen them all, don't you think?"

"I thought most women loved seeing shiny rocks and such," he chuckled.

Ana shook her head. "Not me. I'm sure they were lovely, but not exactly the most interesting exhibits in the museum. The giant squid, now that was pretty amazing, wasn't it?"

"Yes. I wouldn't want to run into that in the middle of an ocean. Might take down the ship."

"I hope not," she laughed.

There was an awkward silence when Ana looked at her watch. "I need to get back," she said sadly. "Thank you for lunch and for a lovely afternoon."

"Why can't you have dinner with me?" he asked, unwilling to let her go again today. The fear that he would lose her was very real.

She smiled wistfully. "I have dinner plans already," she said, thinking of the twenty diplomats and their wives who were expected to dine with her father tonight. She would be expected to attend.

"What about tomorrow?" he asked, ticking off several meetings he could cancel.

Ana considered the idea for a moment. She didn't have any obligations tomorrow and she was pretty sure her mother and father were planning on spending the evening at the opera tomorrow. She hated the opera so it wouldn't be difficult to get out of that event. "I think I could make some arrangements for that," she smiled, glad he had asked. It would give her something to think about during the tediously boring evening ahead.

"Meet me for dinner?" he asked.

She was now delighted that her parents had booked a box at the opera for the evening. They knew she didn't like it and hadn't pressured her to attend. She suspected that it had been left open so Prince Erik might spend some time with her. But since he hadn't bothered to show up for an official appointment last night, she didn't feel obligated to be with him tomorrow night nor to hold the evening open for him on the off chance that he would fit his fiancee in to his plans.

"I'd love to," she said sincerely.

"Where are you staying? I'll pick you up," he said.

There was a slight pause before she said, "No, I'll meet you somewhere. Just name the place and I'll be there," she said.

Erik thought quickly. "There's a small restaurant named Francois. Just give the name to the cab driver and they'll know how to get there. Meet me there at seven?" he said.

Ana smiled and nodded her head. "Sounds wonderful," she said. She started to walk away but he put a hand on her arm to stop her.

She turned around and looked up at him, expecting him to say something else. "I've been wanting to do this since I saw you on the street," he said, his voice husky.

His mouth descended quickly toward hers and Ana didn't stop him, in fact, she raised herself up on her toes to meet him. Just as they had yesterday, as soon as their lips touched, the flames ignited and Ana moaned, leaning closer toward his body. She wasn't brave enough to actually lean against him but he pulled her the rest of the way so their bodies were touching from shoulder to knee. Ana gasped, initially scared of the contact but thrilled when his mouth moved over hers, touching and caressing, testing.

His mouth finally covered hers and his tongue touched her lips. Again, Ana gasped and his tongue entered her mouth, mating with hers. Ana was so overwhelmed by the feelings, her hands gripped his shoulders. Her mouth moved with his, imitating anything he did. It was wonderful and thrilling and terrifying all at the same time. She tried to pull back but his hand at the back of her head stopped her and forced her closer, deepening the kiss and Ana sighed, wanting more but not sure what would come next.

His hand on her waist was burning a path through her sweater. It moved from her waist to her back, pulling her body closer and Ana's arms moved to wrap around his shoulder, her fingers touching the hair on the nape of his neck.

"Get a room!" two teenagers yelled from a distance and broke the spell that had been weaving around the two of them. Ana quickly stepped back out of his arms, her fingers touching her tingling lips.

Erik looked around, wanting to smash in the face of whoever had spoken those words. But his initial concern was for the woman still trembling in front of him. "Annie, I'll see you tomorrow night, right?" he said, afraid he'd scared her off with his passion. She ignited something in him that he was unable to control, nor did he want to even try.

Ana looked up at him, wonder filling her eyes and she nodded in agreement. "Yes. Tomorrow night," she said, a slow smile forming across her face and her fingers coming up to touch her swollen lips as if she were somehow able to blend the kiss into her skin and lips and keep it forever.

Ana walked away slowly, not really sure where she was going. She looked back and saw him watching her and quickly turned back toward her destination. Ana rushed across the street and made her way carefully toward the hotel, careful to watch out for her body guards. She'd been gone all day and there surely would be questions to answer for her absence.

Ana made her way to her room without incident. And for some reason, no one asked her where she'd been all day. It was very odd, she thought as she let her maid dress her hair in a simple French twist that would be appropriate for the night's dinner party. Slipping on a black silk dress for the evening, Ana wondered if the security her father had ensured was around her all the time was really as good as he thought. But who was she to question it? She had her panic alarm with her so if anything ever happened to her, she could press the button and her guards would swarm in.

The dinner with the diplomats was just as tedious as she'd anticipated but it was compounded by the fact that she wasn't with Marcus who stimulated every sense within her. He challenged her ideas as well as awakened her body to thoughts she'd never explored. What would it be like to make love with him, she wondered as the sixth course was placed in front of her. Since she'd just eaten a huge, decadent meal late in the afternoon, she wasn't particularly hungry. The elderly man sitting next to her was interesting, but had to talk also with the woman on the other side of him so Ana was left with lots of time to wonder what it would be like to be with Marcus.

Chapter 6

Erik watched as the slender woman walked away from him down the street. He knew her name wasn't Annie. He wasn't sure what her real name was or what her secrets were but he was going to find out. All of them. He wanted to know everything about the fascinating woman.

He waited until she had walked around the corner before signaling to his security team to follow her. Once he was sure they would be able to track her without her knowing it, he walked over to where Tim was waiting with the limousine driver.

"Everything in place?" he asked, knowing that it would be already.

"Yes, your highness," Tim replied, bowing as he opened the door for Erik.

Erik looked sharply at his body guard before saying, "Make sure she doesn't slip away again. I can't believe we had no trace of her last night."

"Yes, your highness," Tim said again before closing the door and getting into the front seat.

Erik watched out the window as the cars passed by the limousine. His body was still rock hard and ready for her but he knew he'd have to slow down. The woman was completely untutored in the art of lovemaking and there had been a point when she'd almost pulled away from just a simple kiss. He wanted her but he'd have to go slowly, he reminded himself.

He had some nagging guilt about initiating a virgin but that thought was ignored as his body refused to calm down. No woman had ever had this affect on him. It wasn't just sex though. She stirred something in him, a chivalrous core that he'd thought had been beaten out of him by the mercenary women who constantly tried to get into his bed in order to become the next Princess of Montbain. He wanted to be with her sexually, but it was also nice to just talk to her and have her blatantly tell him he was wrong. No one had ever dared to do that with him. He also wanted to make all her dreams come true. Erik had never spent enough time talking with a woman to know if she had dreams or not, much less care if her dreams were ever realized. Ana might be new to the art of lovemaking, but he was new to the art of talking and actually listening, enjoying the company of a woman. He was a little surprised at how much he simply liked being with her.

She couldn't have come into his life at a worse time either. Erik remembered his father's admonishing look this morning and his lecture on his royal obligations. Since he'd missed his own engagement party, his father was not happy with him. Erik hadn't bothered to tell him that he'd been trying to track down a woman. That might have just compounded the issue.

The limousine dropped him off at the building where he maintained a penthouse for use when he was in Washington. The top floor looked out onto the Capitol building and the Potomac River and Erik watched the riverboats move slowly down the water. Who was this mystery woman and why did she have to enter his life a month before he was supposed to get married? That wasn't Erik's usual luck but he wasn't going to question it. He would figure out a way to keep her in his life. He'd kept mistresses in the past. Perhaps she would agree to come back to his country. He had several beautiful estates and he traveled often so it would be easy to find time to be with her.

Erik heard a door open and close behind him. He watched as Tim walked up and bowed before speaking. "She is staying at the Mayflower, your highness. The team is now trying to find out more about her. So far, none of the staff at the Mayflower have any information."

"Good," Erik replied. "Keep it up. Someone is bound to have something on her. A woman can't just disappear like she did yesterday without any kind of a trace."

Tim bowed out of the room and left Erik to stare out into the dark night. He sighed a few minutes later and went into his room where his valet had already laid out his evening attire. He was supposed to be attending a dinner meeting with several heads of oil companies. Putting on the suit, Erik contemplated his first night with Ana. He knew she'd be scared but he'd take things slowly and carefully, bring her to a climax before entering her. Erik played out the scene in vivid detail, his body reacting to his thoughts.

The following evening, Ana waited until Marabeth had left for her evening with her mother and father. Ana had begged off the night at the opera, telling them she wanted to be alone for a while. She was still unsure why no one had questioned her long absence yesterday but was grateful no one had seen her leave.

She dressed carefully once she was alone. Choosing a simple black dress that hugged her figure, she wondered if the spaghetti straps and V neckline were too risque for the evening. With trembling fingers, she put on a diamond pendant that laid a few inches above her slightly exposed cleavage and added a pair of diamond earrings. Staring at her reflection she wondered if she should put her hair up but in the end, she left it down simply because she ran out of time. It was almost six thirty when she stared at the finished product and there was no time to change. Nor did she want to. She wanted to impress Marcus and feel pretty, sexy tonight.

Again, she stepped out of the elevator, her hair covered again by a scarf but this one was black, as was her sleeveless cocktail dress with a chiffon skirt that fluttered around her knees.

The spring night was cool and she asked the doorman to hail her a cab. She had cash stored in her purse that she'd gotten from the front desk. She'd found out that she could get a cash advance on her credit cards and was thrilled to have the extra security.

"A restaurant called 'Francois' please," she said to the cab driver, just as Marcus had instructed her to. And sure enough, the man nodded and drove off, making a U turn at the first intersection. It took less than ten minutes to arrive at the restaurant. Ana was ushered into the elegant interior and smiled at the maitre d'.

"I'm here for Marcus...," she said, halting at the realization that she didn't know the man's last name.

"This way, ma'am," the Maitre'd said without blinking or even waiting for a last name, and he led her to a small table in the back of the restaurant, secluded from the other patrons by potted plants. Marcus stood as soon as she rounded the corner and his eyes flared when he looked at her dress.

"You look beautiful," he said, lifting her hand to kiss the back gently.

"Thank you," she replied and admired his perfectly cut dark suit. "You look very dapper yourself."

"Thank you," he replied. He pulled out her chair and waited until she was seated before stepping around to the other side of the table to sit down across from her. His eyes never left her face as he moved. "I like your hair down. It's the first time I've been able to see it unhindered by a scarf of some kind," he said.

She was unable to reply since the waiter arrived and poured champagne that was already at the table chilling in a bucket of ice. "What did you do today?" he asked as he pushed her chair in for her.

"I met with a bunch of old men who sat around telling war stories," she said, smiling mischievously.

"That doesn't sound very interesting," he chuckled. "But it's about the same thing I've been doing."

"What were your old men talking about?"

"Oil. And yours?"

"Education," she said. They talked politics again and after fifteen minutes, Ana shook her head. "You're just trying to rile me, aren't you?"

"Yes," he said. "You look so beautiful when you're fired up. I admit that I do try to do it," he said.

Ana flushed but she saw the admiration in his eyes. "That's not very gentlemanly of you."

"I never claimed to be a gentleman."

She laughed softly at his straight face. "Oh, but you are. And a wonderful one at that." For some reason, she was absolutely sure about that.

He raised one eyebrow questioningly. "Are you saying that there are awful gentlemen? Doesn't that run against the definition of a gentleman?"

Shaking her head, she was thrilled with the banter. "No. What I meant was, there are some who have to try to be a gentleman but for others, it comes naturally."

"And which category do I fall into?"

She smiled broadly. "The natural one, of course."

The waiter arrived soon after that and they ordered their dinners but neither seemed too eager for the meal to begin. For Ana, she didn't want to waste time eating. It was too exhilarating just talking with him and arguing, or just sitting across from him and discussing how boring her day was.

They ate slowly and Ana didn't look at her watch once. She didn't care what time it was. All that mattered was being with this charming man for as long as she could before the hammer came down on her freedom.

When the meal finally came, Ana looked longingly out into the night. "I know this is rather gauche of me to say, but I really don't want the night to end."

"Come dancing with me," he said.

At her smile, he tossed several bills down onto the table and took her hand, pulling her out of the chair as they walked through the restaurant. Outside, he helped her into a waiting limousine and they drove off.

"Come here," he said and pulled her onto his lap. Ana didn't hesitate, knowing he was going to kiss her and wanting it to happen. Instantly, the flames started up again and Ana wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him back just as he had yesterday. His hand moved from her waist down to her thigh, casually caressing her leg until he reached the hem of her skirt. Ana grabbed his hand nervously as it started sliding up but she didn't take her mouth away from his. After a few moments, his hand moved up again and this time, Ana didn't stop him. In fact, her body seemed to arch toward him, eager to get as close as possible to this man and the heat he was building within her.

Erik groaned when his hand touched skin at the top of her stockings. She was wearing thigh highs and not panty hose. His mind whirled and he had to force himself to slow down. Taking his hand off her leg, he put it onto her waist, knowing he couldn't go that direction anymore or she'd fly out of the limousine while it was moving.

He continued to kiss her, moving his mouth along her lips, then to her jaw and onto her neck. She was so responsive, each time he kissed a new area of her neck, she shivered and small little moans emanated from her.

Erik couldn't help it. One hand was holding her back and the other was on her waist but of it's own volition, it moved upwards and rested carefully under her breast, waiting for a signal that it was okay to proceed. When she didn't back away, he moved his hand higher and was rewarded with the nipple beading up under his hand.

"Marcus, please!" she begged, her body arching under his strong hand, unsure of what she was desperately asking for but he knew. She heard the zipper of her dress slide down and then the cool air was against her breast. A moment later, his mouth was covering her nipple through the thin lace of her bra. Ana's whole body shook as his mouth teased and enticed, his tongue swirled around the center and then his teeth nibbled.

Ana cried out at the pleasure he was inciting with in her. Her hands gripped his hair and pulled his head closer until he moved to the other breast, her dress now around her waist. A part of her mind was horrified that she was allowing this man to take such liberties with her but the rest of her brain had shut off at the first touch of his lips against her skin. No, that wasn't completely true. She'd shut off her mind's cautions the moment she saw him at the restaurant earlier. She'd known from that moment that she wanted him to kiss her like this, to make her feel these feelings whirling around in her mind and body.

After several moments of the pleasure shooting into her nerve endings, Ana cried out again, sure her body was going to break into thousands of pieces. "Please, help me," she said, and he heard the frustration in her voice.

Erik pulled his mouth away and gripped her arms as if he was trying hard to maintain control. Shaking his head, he leaned his head down against hers. "We're not going to make love for the first time in the back of a limousine," he said harshly and his hand reached to pick up the phone and order his driver to take them back to his place.

It took a moment, but his words eventually sunk in and she was shocked that things had progressed so far, so quickly. And now he was about to speak to his driver so they could make love on a bed instead of the car? That can't happen! Neither scenario was possible and she had to stop him immediately. "No," Ana said frantically, placing her hand over his as it touched the phone while pulling her dress up to cover her nakedness, suddenly ashamed of what she was doing. "I can't do that!" she said, her voice conveying her terror at the idea.

Erik took his hand away from the phone. He cupped her face and looked into her eyes, noting that she was still feeling the passion just as strongly as he was even while she fought down those feelings. "Listen to me," he said carefully, "we're going to make love, you and I. It is inevitable. But if you're not ready, it can wait."

Ana's eyes filled with tears. "Oh, Marcus!" she cried, her fingers touching his cheek, the fingers shaking as the tremors still shot through her. She wished she could explain why she couldn't go through with this but he wouldn't understand and it was too dangerous. And pointless either way. She was to be married in less than a month. This was no time to start an affair with someone she'd known for only three days. "We can't make love. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have led you on like this. But I'm not familiar with these feelings and wasn't prepared for them."

Erik saw the frustration and disappointment in her eyes. He could also feel her body still shivering as she snuggled in his arms. She may be afraid to have sex with him, but she wasn't afraid of his touch and he drew strength from that. He wouldn't let her pull away regardless. Even if it meant he'd be in pain from his erection, he didn't want her to move out of his arms. "I know," he sighed, referring to her innocence but ignoring her claim that they couldn't make love. That just wasn't an option. "I'm sorry. I told myself I'd take it slowly. But you're so beautiful and responsive, I lost my head. It won't happen again," he promised and pulled her closer.

"Marcus, please understand. We can't make love," she said, wishing she could explain why but knowing that would be the end of the evening with him. She selfishly wanted more time with him, even if it meant not touching at all.

He relented for the moment but still wouldn't accept her claim of no sex. "Let's go dancing," he said as an alternative. "On the dance floor, we can touch each other but there will be a crowd to keep us in line. Will that be okay?" he asked.

Ana nodded as she slipped her dress back onto her shoulders and shivered as his fingers touched the sensitive skin on her back as he zipped it up. "Yes. That would be lovely," she said and smiled shyly.

He took her to a beautiful ballroom that was hosting a full band playing the big band type of music that just forced one's feet to move. The band slipped from a waltz then to a salsa and slipped the occasional fast paced swing song into the mix. She loved the variety as well as the rhythms that kept everyone on their toes. Ana found that he was a wonderful dancer. He moved easily, with confidence and grace and was a perfect lead. Not once did he step on her toes and she never ran into another dancer all evening. It was past midnight when they were standing close as a slow song weaved its magic through the room and the dancers still crowding the dance floor. She was trying to keep her eyes open, but he could sense how tired she was.

"I need to get you home," he said, putting an arm around her waist and guiding her off the dance floor. She'd had her head on his shoulder but his words forced her head to look up at his handsome, smiling face.

She knew she needed to get home but she just didn't want to leave him yet. The sensible thing to do was to leave while she still could, she told herself. Sighing inwardly at having to leave the wonderful feeling of being in his arms, she smiled slightly before saying, "I'll take a cab." Her hand covered her yawn as she tried to hide her fatigue.

"You'll do no such thing," he said and took her hand to walk her to the coat check. "I'll drive you home. It isn't safe in the city for a woman alone.'

She leaned against him, loving the muscular feeling of his body against her softer one. "Is it safe for a man?" she asked, teasing him.

Erik chuckled. Even half asleep, she was trying to challenge his sexist attitudes. "No," he said and put an arm around her waist. "Will you meet me tomorrow?" he asked.

"Yes," she said without hesitation.

He turned her into his arms and lifted her chin up so he could see her beautiful eyes. "How about lunch? I'll find someplace quiet and out of the way."

"That sounds nice," she said, relieved that it wouldn't be in a crowd again. "Where should I meet you?" she asked.

"I'll pick you up," he said. "Tell me where you're staying."

Ana bit her lip. She thought quickly and knew of another hotel close by. "The Weston," she said.

Erik knew she was lying. Even if his security team hadn't trailed her to the Mayflower, he would have seen it in her eyes. He wondered why. "Fine," he said, determined to get to the bottom of the mystery of this woman. She obviously had some deep secrets she was unwilling to share with him. That angered him more than he was willing to admit. Why should he care if a woman lied to him? If she didn't want him to know something, he shouldn't care.

But he did. This woman was becoming an obsession. He had to see her, touch her, know everything about her. There was a vulnerability about her too that made him want to throw his arms around her and demand all the mysteries to be told so he could protect her from whatever she was afraid of.

He took her coat from the clerk and dropped a tip into the bucket. "The Weston it is," he said and settled her coat over her shoulders before he led her out into the cold springtime evening.

The Weston Hotel was only a few blocks from the night club so it was a short drive. Ana could sense that he was angry but wasn't sure why. Surely he didn't know that she'd lied about where she was staying? Once the limousine pulled up in front of the hotel, she grabbed the handle and was about to leave.

He stopped her with a single touch. "Ana, meet me back here tomorrow at noon?" he asked.

Ana nodded immediately and got out. He followed her, surprising her when he took her into his arms and kissed her out on the street for anyone to see them. This time, it was different. It wasn't the gentle, persuasive kiss he'd initiated in the car earlier in the evening. Those were sweet, insistent, heated. Now, he was demanding and relentless. It still melted her soul but the questions were there in his kiss, in the way his mouth slanted over hers again and again, as if he were trying to brand her as his.

Ana shivered as she walked through the doors of the Weston Hotel. She waited in the lobby until the limousine drove away, then walked back out. "Can you get me a cab?" she asked the doorman and smiled gratefully as he immediately whistled for a passing cab to stop. "Thank you," she said and ducked into the car.

She gave the driver directions, then tipped him heavily, grateful that the man was working so late. It was almost two o'clock in the morning when she slipped back into her hotel room.

Ana dined alone the following morning since it was so late. She'd slept in until almost seven in the morning and barely had time to say good morning to Marabeth and sip a cup of tea before heading back to her room to shower and change for her first appointment. She was scheduled to tour a day care and a hospital this morning and she wanted to look nice for the children. Ana checked her schedule and was satisfied that she would be back at the hotel in time to meet Marcus for lunch. She felt giddy, knowing she would be seeing Marcus shortly. It helped to ease the exhaustion she felt at only getting five hours of sleep.

The morning dragged on tediously. The children at the day care center were wonderful and she loved reading them a story. Several of them were sweet, wanting to give their first "kiss" to a real, live princess. Unfortunately, the hospital staff seemed to want to show her every single machine that had been purchased for the past decade. And her tour guide felt the need to introduce her to every member of the hospital staff. It was a relief when she finally stepped back into the limousine which would take her back to the hotel late in the morning.

As soon as she entered her suite, Ana looked at the clock and knew she'd have to hurry if she was going to be ready for her lunch appointment with Marcus. She was already stripping off her lavender dress suit and heels she'd worn for the morning.

She didn't know what Marcus had planned for their lunch date, but he told her to wear riding clothes if she had them. Ana didn't have any with her right now, but she had asked the hotel staff to deliver a set of riding clothes and there was a box from a well known riding company sitting on her bed. Ana opened the box and nodded with satisfaction at the clothes. There were tan riding pants and a brown, fitted jacket along with brown boots that were made of soft leather. A tailored, white shirt, riding hat and riding crop finished the outfit and Ana was grateful for the efficient staff at the Mayflower.

Pulling on the clothes, she wondered where they could possibly be going where they would be able to ride. Ana hadn't seen much of Washington, D.C. but she had heard that it was a normal city with not many open spaces. In fact, because of the political nature of the city, none of the buildings were allowed to be higher than nine stories, the same height as the Capital building. That meant the city sprawled out in all directions but not upwards.

Ana arrived at the Weston Hotel five minutes before the limousine pulled up. She slipped inside, grateful for Marcus's timeliness. "Good morning," she said and moved closer for his kiss.

"Mmm...You smell good," he said as he pulled her onto his lap to deepen the kiss. "Like fresh flowers and springtime," he added, nibbling gently on her ear before moving to her neck, causing shivers of anticipation to tingle down her spine.

"New clothes," she half laughed, half gasped as his mouth found a sensitive spot on her neck. She reached up and willingly put her arms around his shoulders, pulling him close, showing him without words how eager and excited she was to see him again after such a tedious morning.

He pulled back slightly before asking, "You went out and bought new clothes for riding?" His smiled charmed her right to her soul.

"Of course," she said and slid off his lap to sit modestly on the seat next to him. "I wasn't anticipating going riding on this trip. So I didn't think to pack apparel for an activity so specific." She put a little space between their bodies, thinking that he might think she was too wanton if she needed, wanted, to touch him constantly.

Erik put that small piece of information into his head for later analysis. The fact that this woman needed specific clothing in order to go riding with him indicated that she was some sort of aristocrat or maybe just brought up in a very strict, European household. Any other woman would just pull on a pair of jeans and sneakers which would work just as well as proper riding apparel. He also noticed her slide away from him and shook his head. "Oh no you don't," he said and pulled her closer to him. "I had trouble falling asleep last night because I was thinking of you and what I wanted to do with you and to you." He laughed softly at her blush but noticed her eyes light up at the thought. He liked that she wanted him just as much as he wanted her. "Come over here and kiss me properly," he said and put an arm around her back and kissed her soundly. They were both breathless when he finally lifted his head and stared down at her. "Do you always look this lovely after staying out until all hours of the night?"

Ana slipped closer to him, leaning the right side of her body against his strong one, glorying in the feel of his muscles against her. He took her hand in his and laced his fingers through hers, his thumb rubbing against her palm and wrist erotically which made her shiver again. Concentrating on his question, she finally answered, "I wouldn't know. Before I met you, I was always properly tucked into bed at a reasonable hour."

Erik surveyed her perfect skin and fiery hair. "I'd like to tuck you into bed," he growled. "What do you sleep in?" he asked.

He pulled her back onto his lap, obviously not in agreement that sitting next to her was adequate. Ana didn't mind. She liked being on his lap just fine. It gave her an excuse to touch his hair and skin on his neck. "Marcus, that's not an appropriate question," she said, laughing as he slid a hand up her thigh. She playfully batted his hand away but he ignored her and moved it up to her hip, resting there familiarly.

"I don't think anything we do from now on could be deemed appropriate," he said and bent down to kiss her again.

Ana had to agree and she arched into his kiss, wanting him to touch her as he had last night, even as she knew it was dangerous to tempt him that way. At this moment, with his lips on her mouth and his hands touching her waist and hips, her thighs and her arms, she didn't care about propriety or the hateful wedding that was looming in the future. Because she didn't resist, Marcus took the kiss deeper, pushing her back against the leather seat, his tongue gaining entry as his fingers deftly unbuttoned her riding jacket allowing his hand easier access to slip under her shirt to touch the soft, sensitive skin underneath.

After several minutes of this, Erik was in pain again from wanting her, his body having not completely recovered from the previous night's flirtation with kissing her and now he was just as rock hard ready for her again. "Woman, you're going to drive me insane," he said and pulled her up so they were both sitting again.

"Where are we going?" she asked, putting her clothes back together with shaking fingers. She was a little shocked that she was letting this man do the things to her that he did when she'd never let anyone touch her before, never even wanting them to do so. But she definitely wanted him to touch her. It was more than just desire. It was almost getting to be as essential to her day as breathing.

"I told you, we're going horseback riding," he said mysteriously, watching her button her coat and pull it down primly over her luscious figure. He liked the fact that he could fluster her so easily but also that she moved quickly into his arms without question now. It meant she was learning to trust him. At least her body trusted him. Her mind was another story, one in which he was definitely going to have to work on. He just wished he could find out more about her. His security team had run into a brick wall again at finding out anything about her. Not even her real name. It was frustrating, but as long as she continued to meet him, he was at least somewhat satisfied, if more curious than ever.

"But where?" she asked, looking out at the concrete and brick buildings surrounding the city. "I don't see many places that would be a good area to ride horses."

"There's an island just on the border of Washington, D.C. and Virginia called Roosevelt Island. It is all trees and paths with lots of wildlife. There are some great trails for riding, I'm told. I also brought a picnic lunch for us. Is that okay?" he asked.

"It sounds lovely," she said and smiled excitedly up at him. Ana loved riding, not as much as her sister Marabeth but it was definitely nice to get out and exercise one's mind and body with a vigorous ride through the hills and trails surrounding the palace. She hadn't had a good ride in over a week so she was eager to get onto a horse and let loose on the trails.

They arrived at the island a few minutes later and Ana watched in fascination as Marcus lifted up a picnic basket from the trunk of the limousine and store several containers in the saddle bags of the horses. Ana walked around to the front of the horses, wanting to get to know the animals while watching Marcus pack up their picnic lunch. They were beautiful animals that looked wonderfully healthy for being rented which is what she suspected was the case. Ana fell in love with a brown mare with soft eyes. As soon as she walked to face the animal, it snickered at her and nuzzled her palm. "I wish I had some treats for you but I wasn't that forward thinking," she said.

She patted the mare's head and nose, then moved to the side to show the animal that she would be gentle and considerate of the mare. As soon as they mounted, the animal, who Marcus told her was called Lucy, responded to her slightest command instantly. Initially, the paths were small, and only one rider could pass through. But eventually, the paths opened up to more open spaces and Ana raced along ahead of Marcus, wanting to experience the openness of the fields as much as possible. They rode for over an hour, then Marcus pointed to a picturesque spot on the side of the island that looked out over the river.

They let the horses graze on the soft, spring grass while Marcus laid out their lunch. Ana took off her riding jacket and sat down on the blanket Marcus had spread out for them. She unpacked their lunch and opened the packages. There was pasta salad, cold chicken, cheese, grapes, sliced pears and white wine. Everything looked wonderful and Ana loaded up two plates for each of them.

While they were eating, Marcus leaned against a tree and watched her. "What do you want for the future?" he asked, taking a bite out of a crisp slice of pear.

Ana looked out onto the water, not wanting to look in his direction because she was sure her eyes would show him the truth. She wanted him for her future. She wanted to throw everything aside and show him how much. But of course, she wouldn't. She had obligations and duties and she would never let her country down. "Oh, I guess what every person wants. Happiness, love, children and a secure future," she said honestly.

"How many children?"

"Lots," she laughed. "But that's coming from someone who doesn't have any yet. I've heard that they are much more work than anyone can imagine until they have them."

They talked about the future and what each of them wanted. Ana watched him laugh at her stories of growing up with her sister and brother and all the tricks she and Marabeth played on their older brother who was much too serious, they always thought. He told her stories of growing up in boarding school and Ana felt sad that he hadn't had the benefit of living with his parents through those difficult and informative years. He didn't think there was anything wrong with his upbringing so Ana told him how she would raise her sons and daughters, with lots of love and kisses and definitely no boarding school. She didn't mind a private tutor but she'd prefer to have her children near to her as they grew through their formative years.

They talked about trivial things, things that irritated them about their lives, why they reacted to different issues. Ana was struck again by how easy it was to talk to him. Any subject she brought up, he would listen and discuss. He might not agree with her, but he seemed fine with their differences of opinion. She couldn't even talk to her mother this way. She could share her feelings with Marabeth, but Max was definitely not of the mindset that women were important enough to listen to unless they were decorating his arm. And she suspected that even then, Max would only pay a token interest to the woman's opinions. She already liked Marcus but now her respect for him was growing with each moment she was in his company.

Ana packed up the basket with the remnants of their picnic and grew nervous since Marcus was watching her, his eyes intense. Ana knew that he was going to kiss her, and more than that she suspected, and it both frightened and excited her. She knew she shouldn't do that with him. He wanted more than she was able t to give him. She had to go to her marriage bed a virgin. But being with him was so exciting, she couldn't deny herself these stolen moments.

So when he reached for her and his mouth came down on hers, Ana sighed and allowed him entry to her mouth without any prompting this time. He lowered her so she was lying on her back, his weight held from crushing her by his forearms which were beside her face.

With the wind gently whispering through the trees and new, spring leaves, Ana kissed Marcus with everything she had inside of her. He responded by deepening the kiss, forcing her tongue to mate with his. Meanwhile, his hands quickly undid the buttons on her jacket, pushing the material aside then doing the same to her tailored shirt. As soon as his hand touched her skin, she gasped in his mouth, her body arching toward his hand, aching to feel his fingers on her breasts and frustrated when they moved lower to caress her waist.

Ana's body was tightening with sexual awareness and need beyond anything she was able to control. Without thinking, she unbuttoned the top buttons on his shirt, her fingers stealing inside and touching the skin underneath. When she heard his indrawn breath, she immediately pulled her hands away. "I'm sorry," she said terrified that she'd done something wrong or had hurt him.

"Don't stop!" he demanded, pulling her hands back up to his chest, even unbuttoning more of the buttons so she had better access. Meanwhile, his hands moved back to her skin, freeing her breasts from her bra with the easily accessible front clasp. When her breasts were visible, he pulled back and Ana's mouth dropped open when she saw the look of pure heat that emanated from his eyes. It frightened her for only a moment until he saw her expression and softened his own.

"Don't be afraid of me, Annie," he said, his voice rough with sexual tension. "I promise I won't hurt you and I'll stop as soon as you tell me to." Without another word, his mouth closed over her nipple, the heat from his mouth making her cry out and her body almost lifted off the ground beneath her. The feelings were so intense, she wanted to cry but that would divert too much energy that she just didn't have to spare. Her hands held his head in place with her fingers gripping his hair as her hips writhed underneath his.

"Marcus, please! We..." she started to say that they should stop but his mouth covered her other nipple, generating the same heat as before while the desire pooled in her stomach then flashing downwards to the core of her being.

"I know," he said roughly but then his mouth dropped lower, kissing her stomach while one hand continued to touch her nipples, massaging her breast and sending sparks of fire everywhere. "Just let me touch you," he groaned before lifting his head up and kissing her again.

Ana didn't worry. She trusted him and her arms wrapped around his neck again, her fingers tangling in his soft, black hair.

After long minutes of kissing, he rolled over onto his back, his arm flung over his face as he breathed heavily, as if he'd just run a marathon.

"Marcus?" she asked, her hands closing her shirt.

Erik looked out from under his arm, noting the tears that were pooling in her eyes. He quickly sat up and touched her face. "Don't," he said, hating himself for making her cry like this. "Don't, please," he said again and his thumb caught the tear that dropped to her satin cheek.

"What did I do wrong?" she whispered. "I don't understand."

"Nothing," he said with a force that would have rocked her backwards but his arms closed over her and he pulled her back onto his lap, leaning back against the tree as he'd been doing earlier. "You did nothing wrong. Everything right, in fact and that's the problem."

Ana looked up at him, noting his firm jaw and his closed eyes. "I don't understand, Marcus. Did I hurt you?" she asked, still fighting back the tears.

"No. You didn't hurt me at all." He stopped and laughed derisively. "Well, that's not exactly true but it isn't something you did," he said. "I just can't touch you like this without causing myself pain," he explained.

He took her hand and pulled it down to his groin. "This is what you do to me," he said roughly and then immediately pulled her hand away because her touch was exactly what that part of his body wanted. "But we can't do this in public," he said, leaning his head back against the tree. "I'm not sure why I didn't just bring you back to my place for lunch. Then this wouldn't be an issue."

Ana was horrified. She hadn't realized that they were that close to making love. She scrambled to her feet, her hands automatically straightening her clothes yet again to ensure that everything was in place. She didn't think there were reporters or, even worse, photographers, out here in the woods, but she didn't want to think of what would happen if one of them actually caught a picture of her rolling in the woods with Marcus.

Ana had to turn away from him, shuddering at how close they really had come to making love out here in the open. "Marcus, we can't keep doing this," she said, her voice trembling and she had to turn away from the intensity of his gaze.

He stood up and took her into his arms, resting his chin against the top of her head. "Are you trying to tell me that you don't want me to touch you anymore?"

Drawing in a shaking breath, she said, "I think that might be the safest course of action."

He turned her around and looked down into her confused green eyes. "You know that can never happen, don't you? There's something between us and we can't deny it."

"Marcus, please. This is hard enough as it is."

He sighed and pulled her closer. "I know there is something holding you back." He could feel her body tense in his arms and his frustration grew. He knew she was afraid of something or someone and he felt helpless to fight these ghosts that were hindering him from having a real relationship with this fascinating woman. It was odd because he'd never felt this pull to just "be" with a woman and possess her so completely that she never think of another man again. "Do you think you'll ever trust me enough to tell me your secrets?"

She pulled out of his arms and stepped away. "I think we both have secrets, don't we?" she asked, looking directly at him and seeing the truth in his eyes. "And we both have our reasons for not telling each other what is going on. We have to accept that and just move on with our lives separately."

"No," he said forcefully. "I won't let you walk out of my life." He ran his fingers through his hair, ruffling the already messed up hair that had been immaculately combed less than an hour ago. "Look Ana, if all you can do is meet me for a few hours at a time, I'll take it," he said but it went against his entire personality to give even that much. "I won't pressure you into a physical relationship. You call the shots, okay?"

"Marcus that isn't fair to you. Why don't we..."

"Don't say it. Because you can't do it yourself. You want to see me just as much as I need to see you," he said and pulled her into his arms. "I'll pick you up for dinner tomorrow night." He didn't ask but made it a statement.

Ana leaned her head against his muscular chest and smiled. She could feel his determination in every bone in his body. She didn't deny his command because the reality was, he was right. She didn't want to stop seeing him. She needed him and she only had a few more days to be with him. Maybe if they kept their distance while they were together and just enjoyed each other's company, she could see him secretly for the remainder of her visit. She only had four more days in Washington before she and her family flew back to Cordova. What would be the problem in spending a little bit of those four days with Marcus? Who would be the wiser?

The next two days were busy but wonderful for Ana. Wednesday, she slipped out of her hotel suite and met Marcus for coffee at the same coffee shop in which they'd met three days ago. They talked about their schedules in general and laughed about some meetings the other had planned. She met him for dinner that night as well but this time they didn't talk about their schedules. He took her on a private ship that sailed down the Potomac. The staff served them dinner on the highest deck and music played in the background. Marcus argued with her over the latest foibles of the American politicians and they compared the latest stories with the European leaders. He drove her to the Weston Hotel and left her with a passionate kiss but didn't touch her inside the limousine, making Ana feel bereft without his touch.

Thursday they spent the evening in a small, Italian restaurant and Marcus eventually convinced her to go dancing with him that night. Ana hesitated initially, remembering the last time they went dancing. But this time, Marcus was the perfect gentleman, even sitting on the opposite side of the limousine to avoid accidental touches. Their dancing that evening was more animated than previous times but still just as fun and exhilarating. Marcus was a fantastic dancer and expertly pulled her along to the music.

Chapter 7

Ana read the newspaper the Friday morning while she sipped her tea. She was exhausted after being out so late the previous night. It was the third night in a row that Marcus had taken her to dinner and they'd gone dancing again last night. This time, it was to a wonderful salsa club and she'd learned that dancing didn't have to be a sedate, formal event. Salsa dancing was wonderfully decadent and she was eager to try it again. Maybe she'd ask Marcus if they could go back again tonight. They were supposed to be having dinner again but he hadn't mentioned where.

Her mother was sitting on the opposite side writing down notes on something, probably Ana's wedding plans which meant Ana didn't want to have any knowledge of their contents.

She'd already read the headlines and the major articles. She was skimming through the society sections and wondered what sorts of events were happening around town that she was missing out on. Not that she cared anymore. The past five days with Marcus had been magical and she wouldn't trade those moments for the most festive balls.

Her eyes stopped on a note that she normally would have ignored since it was the gossip columns, a waste of space, in her mind. But the words caught her eye and she read the whole article.

"How could he?" Ana gasped, sitting straight up in her chair. The exhaustion of moments before was completely gone, overridden by the anger now filling her body. "What a boor," she exclaimed, her fingers crumpling the sides of the paper.

"What's wrong, dear?" Natasha said, dropping her pen and looking at her angry daughter. She was immediately concerned since she'd seemed so happy a moment before.

"That man!' she said, turning the paper and pointing to the article. "He went out dancing last night," she explained.

Ana's mother smiled gently. "Dear, many people go out dancing. And you're really going to have to narrow down the person to which you are referring. We've seen several people over the past few days."

"Prince Erik!" she spat, not liking the man's name on her lips. "He went dancing last night and was apparently with some other woman!"

"No!" her mother said, the anger welling up in her as well. "Let me see," she said and took the newspaper her daughter handed to her. She read the brief lines about the night club, her hand moving to cover her mouth. "Oh, my." Natasha's eyes quickly bounced back to her daughter's, both showing their horror at the activities of the man Ana was supposed to be marrying in a little over three weeks.

"Now can I please be released from this ridiculous engagement?" Ana asked, desperate to be free. Her eyes held a hopefulness, a desperation her mother had never seen before.

The queen sighed heavily and bit her lip, knowing that the world wasn't fair but wishing she could make it so for her children. "Ana, you know it doesn't work that way. And we know nothing about what happened last night. We don't know if the woman he was dancing with was an associate or just a rumor. And you of all people should know how often these rumors are false. Good grief, Ana, how many times have you opened up the paper at home to read about how you were in one place but supposedly also opening some hospital or mall somewhere else. You have to give the man the benefit of the doubt in this case. That is the only fair and just thing to do. Why don't you give him a call and ask for an explanation?"

Ana shook her head and tossed down the offensive newspaper. "No, I don't have to be fair about this at all. I've been here for almost a week and the man hasn't bothered to try and contact me once. Why would I waste time being fair on a man so callous and insensitive?"

Natasha's eyes narrowed on her daughter's revelations. "What are you talking about? I thought you were with him these past few days and nights."

Ana straightened her shoulders, her chest starting to constrict. She had been caught. "I...I wasn't with him mother," she finally replied.

Ana saw her mother's eyes sharpen. Natasha turned to fully face her daughter. She had picked up the newspaper to see if there was any other information but with her daughter's latest revelation, the newspaper dropped out of her hands and onto the table. "Where have you been Ana? I've had no reports of any outings so we all assumed you were out with Prince Erik. We've all been very pleased with that fact, I might add," she said, her hands casually draped on the linen table cloth.

Ana opened her mouth to reply, but closed it, unsure of what to say. She'd never disobeyed her parents before but she was now caught in a web of lies. In addition, she'd broken so many rules she couldn't even begin to count them all. If she explained everything, her mother would be horrified and that was something she just couldn't live with. Nor could she lie again, so she was in a bind. Reveal all and never see Marcus again or lie and deal with the crushing guilt? She thought the most cautious route would be to explain her position without revealing all she'd been doing. "I've been discovering a lot of things on my own."

Natasha was not going to be put off. With the grace and patience that came with years of living a life in the public eye, she didn't blink an eye or show in any way what she was feeling or thinking. "What have you been doing?" she asked calmly.

"One day I went to a museum. Another time I went to a coffee shop. It has been a very relaxing week." Ana didn't offer the fact that she hadn't taken her guards with her on any of those occasions.

Ana watched her mother's eyes and noted the moment she decided to believe her daughter. "That sounds very nice. But that just means that you haven't been here to take Prince Erik's call. He has probably been trying to reach you all this week." Stepping over to the phone, she dialed a number. "We'll definitely have to do some damage control here."

Ana's mouth dropped open in shock. It took her a moment to pull herself together and react to her mother's words. Surely she wasn't being blamed for the man's outrageous behavior? Why, he'd practically slapped her in the face by being caught by a reporter in a night club with another woman only days after he'd missed their engagement party. "Are you serious? Please tell me you're not going to call that awful, faithless man and ask forgiveness on my behalf? That is just too much to bear, Mother. The man is seen out with another woman and I'm the one to blame? I can't believe this. How backward thinking is this family?" she demanded. She was standing in the middle of the private dining room, her hands fisted at her sides as she watched her mother finish dialing a number she obviously knew by heart.

"Anastasia, stop right there," her father commanded angrily and Ana froze on the spot. "I know you weren't speaking to your mother with that tone of voice so perhaps you could tell me exactly who you were speaking to."

Ana spun around and was faced with her father in full fury. King Stephan in a good mood was intimidating and overwhelming. But facing her father in anger was outright terrifying. His angry blue eyes were staring at her, daring her to answer him and challenging her to come up with an answer at the same time.

But Ana realized that being with Marcus, who was the same height but with slightly more brawn, had given her strength. She wasn't as intimidated by her father as she used to be and it allowed her to think, but only slightly. She was still aware of the enormous error she'd made by speaking like that to her mother. It just wasn't done under any circumstance.

Ana stammered and turned back to face her mother before saying, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't take my frustration for this situation out on you, mother. I know you're just trying to make the best of a bad situation and I love you for it."

Her father acknowledged her apology with barely a nod but didn't excuse her immediately. "That doesn't answer my question. What were you yelling about?" he demanded, crossing the room to stand directly in front of his daughter.

This was Ana's chance to make her point. For the first time in her life, she ignored her shaking knees and voiced her opinion to this intimidating man. Taking a deep breath, she squared her shoulders and pleaded with her father to understand. "Father, Prince Erik was out dancing with another woman last night at a night club. I have never really agreed to this marriage but it seems that Prince Erik isn't completely engaged with the idea either. I was hoping, perhaps, that I could get everyone to understand that this isn't the best solution to marriage. Perhaps there is someone out there that I could meet, fall in love with and marry." Thoughts of Marcus instantly popped into her mind.

King Stephen shook his head. "Men will be men, Ana. I'm sure there was nothing malicious in the evening. Why don't you give him a call and ask him what happened?"

Once again, Ana's mouth dropped open in shock. Was her father really that uncaring about her future happiness? This wasn't really happening, she told her self. Her father was not ignoring basic evidence because it was a man who was philandering. She stood up a little taller and squared her shoulders. "Why should I?" she asked belligerently, rising up against her father's dictates. "Why should I have to call and find out what happened? It was his name linked in the newspapers. I think it would be more appropriate for him to call and give me an explanation."

"Because you haven't been around to take his calls all week, apparently," her mother pointed out.

Ana cringed as her father heard that fact. She saw the curiosity come over his features and knew she would have to explain her mother's statement. "Where have you been? We've been under the impression you've been with Prince Erik, getting to know him and finding out about your future husband. This is interesting information so please don't tell me that our assumptions have been incorrect."

Ana shrugged one slim shoulder. "I haven't been with Prince Erik," she said honestly. "I've been bored, so occasionally I went out on my own."

The anger was instantaneous. "You've been out in Washington, D.C. on your own? What about your responsibilities? What about your obligations? Have you completely lost your mind?"

Ana wasn't having any of that. Her anger surfaced and she stood up to him again, not willing to take what she considered an unfair accusation. "Yes, father. I've lost my mind. I've lost it because I'm tired of being cooped up in a gilded prison just waiting to become a portable womb to some man's heir. A man who, I might add, doesn't particularly act like he is in love with the idea of his upcoming nuptials either which is a huge insult to me as well as this family. I want more from life than this."

King Stephan was still angry but he listened to her. Walking over to the table, he poured himself a cup of coffee while asking, "And what exactly do you want? Why do you think you're so unimportant? I didn't raise any children to think this way. You have more to your life and future than just bearing children."

Ana didn't point out that he didn't really raise any of his children, or at least his daughters. She knew that he loved them, but she and Marabeth were raised by nannies and tutors, and their mother. This intimidating man would occasionally read stories to them, but his contribution to their upbringing was reading reports on their progress and discussing those results over dinner occasionally.

She raised her chin, not agreeing with his assessment. "What father? What could I possibly become other than Prince Erik's wife? His chattel? Because I'll have no more rights under him than I do under you!" she shouted, fed up with the idiocy of facing an arranged marriage. With those words, she turned on her heel and walked out on her father and mother, something no one had ever done before in their lives. She passed by Marabeth on the way who was watching from the doorway in astonishment.

Ana didn't say anything nor did she turn when her father demanded that she stop immediately. Ana knew she would pay for her outburst but she just couldn't face any of it anymore. She wanted to run and hide from this whole scenario. She wanted to talk to Marcus. For the past week, it was amazing how much she had come to rely upon him to cheer her up and put things into perspective. Without revealing the whole situation, she talked to him about what had happened during the day and how things were so awful and frustrating in her life. He rarely spoke of his frustrations, but she could tell that he had some. If she had more time, would he come to trust her as much as she trusted him?

That raised the question that, if she trusted him so much, why didn't she tell him who she was and what her current predicament was? The answer was simple. There was no way to get out of the arranged marriage to a man she didn't know. She knew she was fighting against centuries of tradition. Perhaps she could make a difference in her children's lives, but Ana's future was set in stone and gilded with iron, she thought with a grimace.

Staring out the window of her suite as angry tears streamed down her cheeks, she watched the world walk by. It was Thursday morning and the rest of the world was rushing to work. Everyone had a purpose, it seemed. Everyone but her. She reminded herself of her conversation with Marabeth that their purpose was to raise more empathetic leaders but that just didn't seem like enough right at the moment. Ana wanted to be more. She wanted to mean something to someone. Obviously she didn't mean very much to her fiance since he was out with other women.

A thought reminded her not to judge him too harshly since she had been out with another man. But he didn't know that. And in her case, it hadn't been innocent so why should she assume that his had been? Besides, what she'd said to her mother about the lack of any contact had been a valid point. The man had been unforgivably rude for not calling her in the last five days. For all he knew, she was here simply to be with him prior to their marriage. Shouldn't he call her and explain the article? Why did she have to call and ask for an explanation? It was humiliating.

But if she didn't call, would Prince Erik think he could do this throughout their entire marriage? Would she be simply a figure head? Perhaps she should assert herself now and make him understand that she wanted this to be a real marriage where respect between the two of them was foremost?

Ana knew that would be the sensible thing to do. But she was too angry to be sensible right now. It just wasn't fair!

Ana thought about her plans for the day. She was scheduled to attend several functions, none of which were especially important to her. But she knew the amount of trouble others went through when she was scheduled to attend something. Security was set up several days in advance, including a team that would scout the building and the surrounding areas, planning for any eventuality.

She sighed and went to her closet, reviewing her options for the day. It was going to be a relatively warm day for early spring, at least one thing she could be happy about, she thought. She chose a pretty spring dress with flowers covering the skirt and bodice with a matching solid, yellow cardigan for the cool breezes that sometimes sprung up during the day. Pretty matching yellow pumps completed the outfit. Ana pulled her hair back into a simple pony tail with a clip and surveyed her appearance. Did she look like a princess? When people looked at her, what did they really see? Was there a human being beneath her image to the world? When people looked at her picture in the papers, did they see the woman beneath the title? Did they guess at her inner feelings? Could they see what she was feeling?

What did Marcus see? Ana realized that that question was the most important to her. She hoped that he saw something more than a princess. But really, she couldn't allow that question to haunt her. This was a temporary relationship. It couldn't even be a relationship, she reminded herself. She was scheduled to leave tomorrow to head back to Montbain and that would be the end of her freedom, and Marcus. That realization pained her so much that tears sprung to her eyes.

She wiped them away angrily. There was no time for sadness. She had a short time with him and she had to make every moment count. She was having dinner with him tonight and perhaps more.

That thought stopped her cold. Perhaps more? What more could there be?

Ana knew the answer. She wanted to make love with Marcus tonight. It was so forbidden that the thought sent shivers down her body. She had been told her whole life that she would be saving her virginity for her husband. But was he also coming to their marriage a virgin? The article in this morning's paper would indicate that he had definitely not saved himself for her. He was thirty six years old. It was unrealistic to think that the man had not had sex with another female in thirty six years. Here she was, twenty six contemplating the act for the first time in her life. But what did she care? The man obviously didn't care a fig for her or her feelings so why should she save herself for a man who was an obnoxious, conceited womanizer?

The idea of making love with Marcus was delicious. Could she do it, she thought as she ducked into the limousine that would take her to her appointments for the day?

"What are you thinking about?" Marabeth asked as she ducked into the limousine behind Ana.

Ana was startled out of her thoughts. "Nothing, really," she said, smiling for her sister's benefit.

"Uh huh," she said, obviously not believing her older sister. "Sure. Now tell me the truth. And tell me what happened this morning after breakfast. I've never seen father so shocked or so livid."

"What happened after I left the room?" Ana asked, the quiver in her voice revealing her nervousness over the incident.

"I wouldn't know," she smiled impishly, her green eyes glowing with mischief. "I was told to leave immediately."

"I'm sorry," she said sadly and stared out the window. She hated the way she kept crying lately. It was ridiculous and all because of two men; one she wanted to be with forever and another that she would be with but hated without ever having met him.

Marabeth broke into Ana's depressing thoughts. "Are you going to share where you've been going all these past few days? The only part I heard this morning was the fact that you've been leaving the hotel to be on your own. I admit I'm a little jealous that you've obviously been on several adventures and haven't been sharing with me."

Ana wanted very much to share her happiness with her sister but that would make her an accomplice and she couldn't do that to Marabeth who never broke the rules. Neither did Ana until a few days ago.

"I can't," she whispered. "And it really isn't very dramatic," she lied, feeling awful for doing that with her sister who was also her best friend.

Marabeth watched her sister for a long moment, contemplating whether or not to push further. Finally, she nodded, accepting that her sister wasn't ready to share with her just yet. "Well, when you feel like you need to talk, please feel free to discuss whatever is bothering you. I promise not to tell mother or father," she said.

Ana smiled gratefully at her younger sister. "Thanks, Mara."

Marabeth bit her lip and Ana saw the worried look in her eye. Ana smiled, encouraging her sister to speak her mind despite Ana's emotional turmoil. "By the way, I saw a picture of Prince Erik. He's very handsome."

Ana nodded, not really interested in the man. "That's good to know," she replied, turning to look out the window. She was making plans for the evening and wondering if she had the courage to follow through on what she really wanted to do.

They rode the rest of the way in silence. Once they arrived at the museum opening, Ana and Marabeth smiled and nodded in all the appropriate places. Ana had a speech that had been prepared for the occasion and she read it, realizing it wasn't very inspiring. In fact, it sounded like so many of the other speeches she'd read over the years.

By the end of the day, Ana's face hurt from smiling at all the benign comments and listening to the conversations of people she didn't know and would never see again. All she wanted to do was be with Marcus and laugh with him, have him make her forget about all the inane things she had done during the day.

Back at the hotel, Ana changed into a daring, dark green satin dress with a flaring skirt, black thigh high stockings and black, velvet shoes. She added a black shawl and looked at herself in the mirror. There was a heightened color to her cheeks and her eyes were brighter than normal. At some point during the day, she'd made a monumental decision and it was exciting her just to think about it. Ana was going to make love to Marcus tonight and it showed in her appearance. At least she could see it. She wondered if Marcus would understand her intent tonight. She wasn't sure where they were going, but she was fairly sure she could get her intent across to him.

She walked out and again asked the doorman to call her a cab. Within moments, she was being helped into a cab which then drove her to the Weston Hotel. She was stepping out of the cab just as Marcus's limousine arrived. She ducked into the back seat and sat down across from Marcus who immediately pulled her into his arms, kissing her until she was breathless and trembling in his arms.

"Hello," she gasped when he lifted his head slightly from hers.

"Hello," he said gruffly, studying her face. "Sorry for not following the rules I set out a few days ago."

"What do you mean?" she asked breathlessly, her fingers still playing with the hair on the back of his head.

His hand rested lightly on her thigh and he looked at her flawless skin and the brightness in her eyes. "I promised you that I wouldn't do that. But when you stepped into the car, you just looked too beautiful to not touch."

Ana smiled, feeling warm all over. "Well, that's okay. I didn't mind at all." She looked down at her leg and was fascinated by his large hand resting casually on her thigh. Would she ever get used to this man? She certainly hoped not. "Where are you taking me tonight?" she asked.

He didn't answer immediately. "How about if I cook you dinner tonight?" he asked.

Ana looked at his eyes, knowing if she said yes, that he would understand that she was ready to move their brief relationship to the next level. Taking a deep breath, she nodded her head.

Erik watched her face, wondering if she understood what he was asking her. Just to be clear so he didn't get any false hopes due to her inexperience, he said, "This means I'm going to make love with you tonight." It was not a question, it was a statement of fact.

Ana smiled and put her hand on the side of his face, then touched her lips gently to his. "I know," she whispered against his mouth.

Erik groaned and shifted her body so it was draped across his lap. "Finally. I thought you'd never come to my way of thinking," he said, groaning as she wiggled her hips so she was more comfortable on his lap. That action only made him painfully uncomfortable and he had to hold her still or take her right there. And making love for the first time with this woman was not going to happen in the back of a car.

Holding her still, Erik kissed her one last time. "Good. I'm making you chicken parmesan.'

"You're cooking?" she asked, sliding onto the seat but staying near him. He wouldn't have allowed her to move too far away, but she didn't want to so she was fine with his arm around her shoulders and the right side of her body being heated with his. "I mean, I know you said you were taking me back to your place to cook for me but I didn't think you were really going to cook! I didn't know men knew how to cook," she laughed.

He threw back his head and laughed at her sexist statement. "I like it once in a while. But I don't have the time to do it very often."

She watched him carefully. "Okay, admit it, you have someone prepare everything for you and you just put it together. Right?"

Erik smiled at her perceptiveness. "I admit to nothing, woman. Be kind or you'll have to starve."

Ana laughed at his grim, teasing expression. "Ah, I wouldn't want to starve tonight. I'm already hungry. What else are you cooking for me?" She was amazed at how comfortable, and yet uncomfortable, this dynamic man made her feel.

"What else would you like?"

Ana licked her lips and considered his question. "How about Caesar salad, warm bread, and chocolate mouse for dessert with a raspberry sauce, warmed slightly with a dollop of whip cream on the top?"

Erik laughed. "How about a garden salad, I can probably manage the warm bread and whatever my cook made for dessert?"

Ana laughed with him, delighted that he had admitted that his cook had prepared everything else. "Sounds delicious," she said.

They were pulling into an underground parking lot and Ana looked around, curious about where this man lived. She didn't want to delve into the reasons she was so curious about him. Ana just wanted to live for the moment and experience everything he could show her.

He opened the door and held out his hand to help her out. They rode up a private elevator and were almost instantly in his penthouse suite. She peered around and nodded in satisfaction. "Very masculine," she said, noting the dark colors and comfortable furniture.

Erik walked over to the fireplace and pressed a button. Instantly a fire started crackling, the flames licking the air as they slowly heated the area. A few more buttons and some music started playing, the sound coming from several directions all at once, surrounding the two of them in an intimate, romantic setting.

"Come into the kitchen and watch me cook," he said and took her hand, leading the way to the kitchen. He pulled out a cushioned stool and lifted her into the seat, his hands sliding down her hips and along her legs, ending sensuously at her ankles. Ana held her breath, the waves of excitement coursing through her, ending in the pit of her stomach.

She was speechless as she watched him walk behind the counter. He expertly uncorked a bottle of red wine and poured her a glass, then pulled several items out of the shiny, black refrigerator. The kitchen had brick walls with black appliances, mellow wood cupboards and black, granite counters. Apparently Erik cooked often enough to be very familiar in the kitchen.

"How many times have you cooked for another woman here?" she asked, not liking the jealousy she was feeling. He certainly had this planned out and she assumed he'd been through the routine before.

Erik tossed down his knife and came around the counter to face her again. He put one hand on each side of her chair and stared down at her intently. "I've never cooked for another woman. You're the first," he said.

Ana looked at his face and realized he was telling the truth. "Thank you," she said.

"I don't know what you've done to me, but I can assure you that I've been initiated into several aspects of a relationship that I've never encountered before."

"Well, then, we're both in the same place," she said, her eyes dropping to his chin.

He lifted her face up so she was looking at his eyes again. "I know you've never been with another man before. I promise that you won't regret your decision tonight," he said intently.

"I know," she said and smiled timidly.

He nodded, satisfied that they understood each other. "Good," he said and went back to the other side of the counter and continued cooking. He placed the chicken breasts on the pan of hot oil, added crushed garlic and several other spices she didn't recognize.

"Tell me what you did today?" he asked as he sauteed the chicken breasts, meticulously dropping them into the pan without splattering any of the hot oil.

Ana sipped her wine, loving the way his hands handled the preparations with confidence and flair. "I visited the botanical gardens, had lunch with my mother and sister, then the three of us attended several meetings with lots of little old ladies with blue hair."

Erik laughed. "That sounds incredibly dull."

She laughed along with him and nodded her agreement. "They all have their ambitions, even when they are talking at the same time, which happened several times during the meal. What did you do?"

He turned the perfectly browned chicken over. "I met with several bald men about issues they wanted to discuss with me and imagined what you looked like without any clothes on," he said and leered across the counter at her.

Ana laughed. "That doesn't sound very productive," she replied.

"Depends on what you consider productive." He took a long sip of the wine, maintaining her gaze over the rim of the glass.

"Okay," she said, feeling herself blush as he held her eyes. "Good point. Where did you learn to cook?" She thought it would be a better idea to change the subject.

"Don't I look like a man born in the kitchen?" he teased.

She smiled. "I'm sorry, I can't imagine you standing next to your mother or father, learning all the intricacies of cooking," she said.

He smiled back at her. "Okay, it was the cook and not my parents."

She was surprised and curious. "How did you get your cook to teach you? Mine would have swiped my hands with a wooden spoon and pushed me out of the kitchen if I'd had the audacity to even enter her domain."

He grimaced but laughed. "That sounds harsh."

"It was. I was a very abused daughter," she said, pretending to be upset.

He chuckled. "You look very abused," he said, his eyes skimming over her beautiful shining hair and sparkling green eyes.

They talked about their childhoods while he cooked and Ana was impressed when he finally placed perfectly cooked pasta on the plate, then topped it off with the cheesy, breaded chicken breasts. A salad was already prepared so they sat down to dinner in the dining room, which had been set for the night with a linen table cloth, candles and white roses mixed in with white baby's breath.

She took her first bite and closed her eyes, impressed with his culinary skill. "This is delicious," she said, savoring the wonderful, tangy taste of the meal. "I'm impressed. You really can cook!"

He looked at her askance. "Of course I can. I'm wounded that you would doubt my culinary abilities."

"No doubt anymore," she said and they ate, joked and laughed throughout the whole meal. Ana loved being with this man who could turn a regular meal into an enjoying pastime.

Even though she laughed at all his stories, there was an underlying current that continuously passed between them. For Ana, she knew it was an awareness that he would soon take her into his arms and make love to her. That realization both terrified and excited her. She wanted it to happen soon or she knew she'd just burst into flames.

Once the meal was over, he pulled her into his arms, but only to dance, which Ana was grateful for, since it helped ease her awkwardness.

They danced to the soft music, swaying gently in each other's embrace and Ana loved being in his strong, muscular arms that held her gently. He didn't apply any pressure to move any faster, apparently content to just move along with her, their bodies creating the friction that only enhanced the sexual tension.

Eventually, he bent down and kissed her, gently, slowly, thoroughly and Ana knew that the waiting was finally over. It was odd, but now that the moment had arrived, she wasn't nervous anymore. She was secretly thrilled that she would be initiated by this man instead of the stranger who would eventually become her husband.

He picked her up in his arms and Ana held onto him by wrapping her arms around his shoulders. "Where are you taking me?" she asked, already knowing the answer but feeling the need to speak for some reason.

"I'm taking you to bed," he said without hesitation. "Do you mind?"

"Absolutely not," she replied.

He set her down beside the bed and looked down at her lovely face. "Are you sure about this?" he asked, giving her one more chance to back out.

"Yes. I'm sure," she said, smiling up at his handsome face. She reached up and touched his cheek, noting the way his eyes flared with her words.

"Thank goodness. I don't know what I would have done if you'd said no," he laughed and bent down to kiss her. The kiss again flared out of control and Ana gripped the lapels of his coat, hanging on with every thread of her being.

One of his hands slipped behind her and found the zipper to her dress, slowly sliding it downward as his lips kissed her neck, her ear, his teeth nuzzled the shell of her ear and the lobe. With a single motion, he pulled the dress off, letting it pool around her feet as she stood there in her thigh high stockings and matching bra and underwear.

Erik looked at her, his breath caught in his throat. "You're beautiful," he said hoarsely.

"Not fair," she said and her hands reached up to his, her fingers shaking as she pulled at his tie, clumsily trying to pull it loose. He reached up to help her but she shook her head. "No, please, let me do this," she said eagerly. Taking a deep breath, she concentrated on her task and slowly, the knot came undone. She dropped the piece of silk to the floor and instantly started working on the buttons to his shirt, licking her lips as skin appeared after each button was opened. Finally, she pulled it free of his pants and tossed it to the side.

"You're beautiful," she said, her eyes never leaving his chest.

Erik chuckled and pulled her close, his hands gently laying her on the bed. "A man isn't supposed to be beautiful," he admonished.

"Sorry," Ana said, watching as his hands slid down her stocking clad leg, ending with her shoe which he tossed behind him. He reached for the other leg and did the same, discarding her stockings as well.

A moment later, he tossed his slacks and boxer shorts behind him, watching as she took her fill of his hard body, throbbing in anticipation of their mating.

He dropped down onto the bed beside her, letting her get used to the feeling of their skin touching.

"Can I touch?" she asked, looking up at him worriedly.

"Please do," he said and bent down to kiss her neck. His lips moved over her shoulder as his hand slid up her hip and waist. "I intend to," he said and his hand moved to her back and expertly unclasped her bra. With a small movement, the tiny piece of fabric was discarded.

Ana tried to hide herself from his view but he shook his head. "Don't," he groaned and held her hands to her sides as his mouth moved to nuzzle her breast, moving around and kissing, nibbling, teasing her breast, finally reaching the nipple that was already hard and waiting for his tender ministrations.

The heat building inside Ana was unfamiliar and she was writhing under his expert hands that knew exactly where to touch in order to spark her desire to a higher level. When his mouth finally closed over the nipple, she gasped and arched her back, her hips moving against his in an unknown message.

Erik removed her underwear with one hand while his mouth moved to the other breast. As soon as she was completely naked, his body moved over hers, his mouth moving downward and he searched out the other places on her body that would elicit the same responses. He wasn't disappointed. Her waist and navel were instantly favorite places on her body but he wanted more. He moved lower, knowing this was her first time and wanting it to be perfect. Her legs were clasped together but as his hand moved to her knees, drawing circles on the outside, they slowly moved inside and her body opened for him.

He could smell her arousal and almost lost his control, needing to pour himself inside her but he held back, loving the way her body continued to respond despite her shyness. "Open for me, Annie," he said and watched as she closed her eyes and relaxed her legs. "You won't regret it." His mouth found her center, his tongue moving inside and tasting her, watching her movements still. But within seconds, she was moving again, arching against him. Her hands both pulling at his hair and holding his head in place for more tantalizing movements from his mouth. When his tongue flicked her nub, she cried out again, her back arching and her eyes squeezing shut. "No more!" she cried out, but he wouldn't stop. Slowly, with just one finger, he slid inside her, watching her face as her body closed around his finger. Her mouth formed an "O" as she discovered what it was like to have something invade her softness. His mouth returned and he flicked his thumb against her nubbin, then soothed it with his tongue and with that small pressure, she tumbled over into oblivion, her cries reaching his ears like tonic to a tortured soul.

Erik didn't waste any time. He couldn't. He was almost in pain with his need to be inside her. He positioned himself at her entrance, then slowly slid inside, closing his eyes in an effort to hold back when he felt her heat closing on his engorged flesh.

With only a small movement, he was at her barrier and he tested the entrance, knowing he was about to hurt her but not knowing what to do to stop that. He pushed gently and quickly, burying himself inside her, taking her gasp in his mouth as he held still, waiting for the pain to subside.

Her arms going around his neck told him that she had recovered and Erik started moving again. The slow, rhythmic movements of her body against his was mind-bending wonderful and he wanted the feelings to continue forever. But when her body started quivering as her second climax took over, he could no longer hold back. Her soft body and frantic movements drove him over the edge sooner than he wanted but he couldn't stop the fall. He was only vaguely aware of her cries as she tumbled over with him.

A long time later, he rolled over and looked at her face. "Are you okay?" he asked, pulling her against him.

Ana shivered as their bodies came into contact again. "Yes," she sighed. "Oh, yes," and she curled up against his side, her hand forming patterns on his chest. Her hand stopped for a moment and she looked up at him nervously. "Was it okay for you?"

She felt his chest rumble only moments before she heard his laughter. "If it were any better, I would be dead now," he said and rolled over so she was under him again. He looked down into her soft green eyes and shook his head. "You're wonderful," he said and kissed her swollen lips.

Ana felt his body stir again and her eyes widened in surprise. "Marcus?" she said, worried that something was wrong.

"Sorry," he said and shifted so he wasn't crushing her. "You're a beautiful, exotic and fascinating woman. And I finally have you in my bed. I'm afraid one time just isn't going to be enough for me,' he said and kissed her neck, then pulled away, sighing. "But I know you're probably sore. So I'll wait until you've recovered."

Ana wiggled so their bodies were touching again. "What if I don't want to wait?" she whispered, her fingers moving along the bulging muscles in his arms.

"Annie, you have to wait," he said and pulled her arms so they were over her head and unable to torment his already hard body any more.

Ana wasn't having any of that. She only had one night with this man. She wasn't going to waste it recovering from a minor pain that was already forgotten. "I don't want to," she said and wiggled her body slightly. She was pleased to see his eyes fire. She felt powerful that she could make his body want her so easily. "I need you again."

Erik couldn't stop now. He was too on fire for her. Continuing to hold her hands over her head, he reached down and took her nipple in his mouth, loving the way she gasped and writhed under him. Her legs twined with his and she moaned as he suckled.

"Please," she said, trying to pull her hands free.

"Please what?" he asked, his voice deep and husky. He released her hands so his own could move down and touch her soft skin once again.

"Please don't stop," she demanded, her fingers holding his head in place as he moved to the next breast. Ana savored the feelings of his strong limbs tangled with her own and all the sensations his incredible body could produce within her. Their climax this time was more intense and longer than the first time and Ana held on tightly to him, wishing she could stay like this forever.

She was laying on top of his body, her hand holding his shoulder as if by maintaining contact with him, she could stop time from moving so quickly. "Annie, what's your real name?" he asked a long time later.

Ana had been about to fall asleep when she heard his question. Her body stiffened and she peeked out from under her hair, pushing the thick mass out of her eyes so she could see him more clearly. "I'm sorry?" Her eyes were wary and her body stiffened as the anxiety took over.

"I want to know your real name,' he said with a gentle firmness. He pushed her hair back, then let his fingers tangle in the silken tresses as he watched her eyes in an effort to gauge her reactions to his questions. "And why do you continue to tell me you're staying at the Weston when you're actually staying at the Mayflower?"

He rubbed her back with his fingers and played with her hair. Erik knew he shouldn't ask the questions but something inside him knew that if he didn't find out the answers, he'd lose her. It was the middle of the night and he suspected that she probably needed to get back to her hotel before morning. He only had a few hours but he wanted to make love to her again and he wanted answers. Above all, he wanted to figure out how to make this woman his for long term and not just for tonight.

Ana was wide awake now and she pushed her hair behind her head to look at him. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Are you married?" he asked, knowing he'd be furious if she was. His whole body was tensing as he prepared for her answer but he had to know.

"No!" she said immediately. She smiled tentatively and looked up at him again. "Would I have been a virgin if I was married?"

She had a point and that convinced him that his suspicions were ridiculous. But being married was the only thing that made sense as to why she kept so many secrets from him. Erik was satisfied that she was telling him the truth since she answered him without hesitation. "Then why won't you tell me who you are?"

Ana rolled onto her back and stared up at the ceiling. "I can't," she said simply, pulling the sheet up to cover her nakedness.

"Why not?" he asked, rolling on top of her, pulling the sheet down so there wasn't anything separating them.

Her hands automatically went back to touching him, not able to ignore him. He was too big for one, and felt too wonderful under her fingertips for another. "It's complicated."

"Then make it simple."

Sighing, Ana shook her head. "Nothing is that simple," she said and pushed his arms away so she could get up. "I need to get back,' she said sadly. "Can I shower quickly?"

"Yes," he said and followed her into the shower. "Only if I can join you."

He turned on the water, noting that she was still shy since she pulled a towel off one of the racks and covered herself with it. He checked the water temperature, then pulled her closer. With one movement, Erik pulled the towel away, replacing it with his body. He absorbed her gasp with his mouth, then lifted her into his arms as he carried her into the shower, not letting her down until she was shaking with need.

He lathered her with soap, asking her questions, needing answers to the mysteries about her that had been bothering him over the past week. He knew he was using sex to lower her resistance to the questions but didn't care. He wanted this woman in his life and needed to know how to make it happen. His entire security team hadn't been able to find out anything more than the fact that she was staying at the Mayflower. No name, no residence or anything beyond the basic fact that no "Annie" was staying as a guest at the Mayflower.

The soap under his hands was wonderfully sensuous and made her body writhe in pleasure so intense it bordered on painful. When his mouth moved down her body, her knees almost gave out on her. But despite her cries for release, he continued farther until he was kneeling in front of her. Within moments, his mouth had found her core and Ana was weeping with her need for release. But he wouldn't let her. His mouth and fingers tormented her and each time she moved closer to climax, he would stop and ask her yet another question she couldn't answer.

Ana couldn't take anymore. Her hands gripped his hair and she whimpered, begging him to finish. Erik could tell that he had taken her over the top but he still wanted answers. After several hours of making love, he felt that he knew her body well enough so he gave her what she craved, his tongue moving over her nubbin. He was in pain himself and it only became worse as he tasted her orgasm, felt her body clasp his fingers as the waves crashed over her.

He wasn't done though. He wanted answers. He stood up and lifted her into his arms, holding her close as the warm water poured over their bodies. He allowed her a few minutes to come down from her orgasm but then he started again, letting her body slide down his until she felt his hardness against her stomach.

He reached outside the shower for the protection he'd brought along, knowing his intentions before he'd started. Slipping the condom onto his hardness, he watched her eyes light and her tongue flick over her lips in anticipation.

Ana's eyes widened as he pulled her bottom up higher, his fingers trailing slowly over her back and moving toward the front. He lifted her up again, this time, leaning her back against the tiles of the shower as he lowered her onto his erection.

Ana bit her lip as yet another orgasm took over her body as soon as he entered her. He didn't move for several long moments, then he set the pace, long and slow, letting her feel every hard inch of him. He didn't ask any questions now. He was caught in his own trap and needed his own release. But he reached between their bodies, ensuring that she came before he did. When his climax finally came, it was as if his soul was pouring out of his body and he held her securely in his arms until the tide was over them.

As soon as he was able to form a thought, he looked down at her, feeling satisfaction that she was having problems orienting herself as well. He also knew that one night was not enough for him. He definitely wanted more nights like this. "Come away for the weekend with me," he said, his voice harsh.

Ana shivered, wanting nothing more than to agree. "I can't," she said.

"Why not?" he demanded and relented when she dropped her legs down from around his waist so she was standing in the shower again.

Ana was shaking when she took the soap again, this time to shower for real. She washed her face and her still sensitive skin, wishing she could reveal all and let him solve her problems for her. Unfortunately, there was no escape for her problems. She'd have to deal with them all by herself. "For all the same reasons I can't tell you my real name or any of the other millions of questions you've asked me tonight."

Ana rinsed off, then stepped out of the shower, toweling herself dry. She quickly pulled her hair back, knowing it would be a mess when she arrived back at the hotel. She wrapped the towel around her body, then walked into the bedroom to dress. Quickly pulling on her clothes from the night before, she hid her face when he walked into the bedroom behind her. She didn't want him to see her tears or the fear in her eyes.

She wasn't afraid of him though. She was afraid of herself. She knew now that she was in love with him and she would remember this night for the rest of her life. The fear was also because she had to get out of his presence before she agreed to slip away from her family and go away with him. She didn't care where they went as long as she could spend more time with this man.

"I'll drive you home," he said and picked up the phone to inform the limousine driver to be in the parking lot in fifteen minutes.

Neither one said a word as they rode the elevator down to the garage. Erik helped her into the car and sat in the back with her, holding her hand in a grip that told her he knew she'd have to stop seeing him after tonight.

He was holding her hand as they drove through the still dark streets of the city. "I'm not letting you go," Erik growled. He was staring out the window, one hand over his mouth as he worked through the details. He then turned to face her, his face intently watching hers for any sign of weakness in her stance. "Listen, I don't know what you're running away from but just come away with me for two days. We'll go down to the Caribbean and just be together. You can't let this end after tonight and I know that's what you're planning on doing."

A tear dripped from her lashes and Ana shook her head. "I can't. Really. It is better to just stop after one night."

He wasn't having any of that. He knew her and could see her feelings through her beautiful green eyes. "Better for who?" he demanded and pulled her onto his lap. "What is holding you back from just two more days?"

"Reality," she said and the car pulled up in front of the Mayflower. The sun was slowly coming up over the horizon and Ana knew she'd have to hurry to get back into her suite before anyone knew that she'd been gone all evening. It would be a difficult day since she'd had no sleep at all and would face a life without Marcus. The idea just about made her break down into a sobbing mass of hysteria but she gritted her teeth and pulled herself up, preparing to get out of the limousine.

Instead of letting her exit the car, he grabbed her waist and pulled her back. Ana's arms instantly went around his neck as if this was the most comfortable position in the world for her. "Annie, I can't let you go. Just spend the weekend with me. I promise, no more questions. Just spend some more time with me. I'll figure out a way to get you to trust me and we'll work through the problems together," he said harshly.

Ana looked at his face and wished she could do as he asked. What would happen if she just disappeared for a couple of days? If she wrote her parents a note explaining that she was safe and just wanted two days to herself before resigning herself to the wedding plans, would World War three break out? They would be angry. That was a given. But Marcus had plenty of security around him. In fact, his body guard was even more persistent than hers.

Knowing she was going to create a huge mess for herself when she returned, Ana said, "Okay. Two days."

Erik smiled his relief. "I'll pick you up at five o'clock," he said and kissed her hard before letting her leave the limousine.

Ana rushed through the doors, embarrassed that the doorman would recognize her. She knew that servants talked, not hers, but others and she could find her name in the gossip columns if she wasn't more discreet. She could just see the pithy little paragraph now. Princess Anastasia, fiancee to the Crown Prince of Montbain, was seen exiting a limousine in the early hours of the morning wearing the same gown she left in the previous night. Ironically, this was only the day after her fiance was discovered dancing with a mysterious woman in a well known dance club. What will happen after the wedding? Curious minds want to know!

Ana shuddered at the fury she'd be facing with her father if he had to read something like that with his breakfast coffee. She was careful to hide her hair and be as inconspicuous as possible as she walked through the lobby to the bank of elevators near the back. She wished she could look around and see if anyone was looking at her curiously, but she didn't have the courage and thought that might make her look more guilty and attract someone's attention.

Thankfully, she made it back to her rooms without incident and was worried about that as well. In fact, everything worried her. Had she made the right decision when she'd accepted Marcus's invitation to the islands? She knew she'd have to leave him at the end of two days but would that be enough? It would have to be, she knew, looking around at the suite of rooms that she'd been avoiding for the past week. This was her life. She had obligations she couldn't, and wouldn't, ignore.

She checked her messages and there was one from Prince Erik. She crumpled it up and threw it into the trash can without even reading it. In her mind, it was too little too late. If she showed up at the church in three weeks and met him for the first time, would that be worse than meeting him now? She loved Marcus and he'd spoiled her completely for any other man. So it was just as well she hadn't gotten to know her fiance this week. There were a few other messages besides his but none that were important so she tossed them all away as well. She knew that protocol demanded that she at least respond to the messages but she didn't care at this point.

Ana ordered breakfast in her room that morning. The exhaustion was all over her face and she knew that her mother would question her appearance. Ana considered laying down for a few hours, but had too much to do if she was going to be able to leave with Marcus by five this evening.

Luck was not on her side. She was busy putting clothes into her suitcase which was exactly what she was supposed to be doing since they were scheduled to leave right after her father's meetings ended this afternoon. There was a knock on her door only moments before her mother poked her head into the suite, smiling when she noticed Ana packing her bags. Her mother sat down on her bed and touched Ana's hand to stop her from packing.

"Talk to me, dear. You look exhausted. You've never fought with your father before but I can assure you that he feels just as bad about the incident as you appear to be."

Ana had completely forgotten about her disrespectful behavior of the morning before but it was as good an excuse as any to explain her fatigue today. "I just wish things were easier," she said wearily, turning to sit down next to her mother, her hands falling into her lap in resignation and frustration.

Natasha put her hands over her daughter's in an effort to sympathize. "It can be. In my opinion, we're the ones that complicate life."

Ana didn't have any response to that. How could she tell her mother that she was now having an affair with a man that was not her fiance when she should be preparing for her wedding day? And to top things off, she was going to create chaos when she ran away for two days with someone her parents had never met. Yes, Ana was definitely the one who was going to complicate life in only a few hours.

Natasha sighed and shook her head. "Did you call Prince Erik? I know he called and left a message."

"How did you know?" Ana asked, startled enough to look at her mother.

Natasha smiled. "I called him and spoke to him. I explained how upset you were and he promised to call and talk to you."

"Ah," Ana said, her chest constricting at the mention of the man. "So he didn't even initiate the call?" Ana's eyes fell back to the floor, embarrassed that they were now filling up with tears simply because of the insult the man had dealt her the night before. It was all because she was so tired, she reminded herself. She just needed some sleep and her fatigue would fade as would the emotional roller coaster she seemed to be on.

"Well, no. But he did call, didn't he? That shows that he cares about your feelings just a little."

Ana laughed harshly. "No, that means he was caught doing something he shouldn't by his future mother in law and knew he needed to fix the situation."

Natasha shook her head in denial of her daughter's accusations. "You've got him wrong. If you'd only take a little while to get to know him, I think you'll find yourself pleasantly surprised. He's a very nice, handsome gentleman. I've known this man for years and I promise you, he has always been extremely chivalrous. I know if you'll just give him a chance, you'll find more things that you like about him than you dislike. And I have a feeling you two have a lot in common. When are you planning on calling him back?"

Ana considered her options. She didn't think her mother would agree with the option of not calling at all. That left sometime between now and the wedding. "I'll call when I get home," she conceded. "It will be easier when I've had a little distance from this long week."

Her mother patted her on the hand. "I guess that's a good idea. I heard he's leaving town today as well so you'd probably miss him anyway. I just wish this week had been more productive in the romance department."

Natasha stood up and walked out of Ana's rooms. Ana stood up to resume her packing and smiled to herself and countered her mother's assumption. "Actually, it was wonderfully romantic," she said out loud.

"What was romantic?" Marabeth asked, walking in right after their mother and draping herself on her sister's bed.

Ana was startled. She turned quickly back to face her sister, wondering if anything was revealed inadvertently. "Oh, nothing really," she said. "I was just being sarcastic."

Marabeth frowned. "That's too bad. I was hoping you'd met Prince Erik and he'd swept you off your feet and both of you were madly in love with each other."

Ana shook her head sadly. "That only happens in the movies, Mara."

"Well, a girl can dream, can't she?"

"Any hot dates with George this week?" she asked, making her point.

Marabeth grimaced. "No. Just two dinners with a group of other people thank goodness."

"Why's that?"

"Because the man has no social graces. He couldn't hold an intelligent conversation to save his life," she laughed. "But I guess I'm getting to know him which is better than what you get to face. I'm sorry things didn't work out this week between you and Prince Erik. I'm still hopeful," she said and wrinkled her nose.

"Always the optimist, huh?"

"Absolutely," she said and bounced off Ana's bed. "I guess I'd better make sure I'm all packed as well. Nancy won't let me touch anything though," she said, referring to her maid. "After the last time I packed, she complained for a month about how she had to work to get the wrinkles out of my clothes."

Ana laughed with her sister. "You aren't the most savvy packer I'm guessing," she said.

"Ah, but I can seat forty different kinds of diplomats and dignitaries at dinner without causing any offense. See! I have very valuable life skills," she joked right before exiting the room.

Left alone, Ana quickly finished packing. She had two bags, one that would go back to Cordova with her family and the other she was taking with her with Marcus. It was her small bag and she'd only packed a couple of outfits. She didn't really have anything appropriate for a hot environment but she had her credit cards and she knew she would be able to buy anything she needed once she got down there, whichever island she was being swept away to.

She sat down and wrote a note explaining her absence and how she would be perfectly safe. She promised to arrive home by Sunday evening and would be prepared to finalize her wedding plans to Prince Erik without any further argument. She said that she just needed some time to work things out for herself and put everything into perspective which was almost the truth. She did need some time and she'd use that time to work Marcus out of her system, hopefully getting enough of him to last her a lifetime.

Pushing the note into the middle of her desk, Ana stood up and looked around, making sure she had packed everything. With a final glance, she took her bag and, glancing at her watch, rushed down the elevator. The limousine was waiting in front of the hotel this time so she didn't need to catch a cab. Ana was glad that pretense was over. As soon as she stepped out of the hotel, Tim, Marcus's body guard stepped out of the car to open the back door for her. Ana smiled her thanks and ducked into the back. Tim stored her suitcase in the trunk and within moments, they were driving toward the airport.

Ana was expecting to fly a commercial flight and was excited about the prospect. She'd never flown on a regular flight before. Every trip she'd ever been on had been flown by the military of Montbain, the plane maintained for the exclusive use of the royal family.

But the limousine drove up to the same area her father's jet was parked. Ana had a few moments of panic when she noticed the pilot checking the jet's exterior. She pulled on a scarf just as the door to the limousine opened and Marcus put a hand on the small of her back as he led her to the private plane that was just as luxurious as her family's.

Inside, Marcus nodded to the pilot who immediately started taxiing to the runway. The phone rang and he sent her an apologetic look as he picked up the phone. Apparently there was a crisis that he had to deal with and he wrote down notes as he spoke quickly in Arabic. Once that call was over, Marcus picked up the phone and made several other calls, all of them in different languages. Ana had been schooled in several languages herself and was fluent in French, Italian and Arabic and conversant in several others but she didn't understand the issues he was discussing so she tuned out the words as she flipped through a magazine. She didn't read a single word since she was too nervous about the mess she'd left behind at the hotel. She imagined that her mother was just now realizing that Ana hadn't come down for dinner and was probably finding and reading the note.

Ana knew her father well enough that he wouldn't accept that she was safe. He would have the whole security force out looking for her. She should call and assure him that she was safe and not to worry or search for her.

Two hours into the flight, Ana looked up and found Marcus walking toward her a mischievous glint in his eyes. She had only a moment to put down the magazine before she was crushed in his arms.

"Thank you," he said and bent down to capture her lips with his own. The kiss seemed to go on forever and Ana just wrapped her arms around his neck and gave in to the magic of his kiss.

When he finally lifted his head, she smiled. "What was that for?" she asked.

"One, because you're incredibly beautiful in that lovely, red dress. I thought redheads weren't supposed to wear red, by the way," he said, then lifted her into his arms to carry her through a door in the back of the plane. "And two, because I know that you're tense because of whatever you left behind in Washington. I'm grateful you're willing to be with me for a few more days and am willing to do whatever I can to release the tension."

Ana laughed and stood up when he let her feet fall to the ground right beside an enormous bed. "Well, as to the first part, it's pink that redheads aren't supposed to wear, not red but thank you very much for the compliment," she said and shivered as the zipper slid down her back. Marcus wasted no time pulling the sleeves down her arms and she immediately went to work to divest him of his clothes as well. "And as for the second part, I'm a willing participant in this tension release program," she laughed, delighted when he pulled his shirt off over his head, baring his chest to her wanton eyes.

Without another word, they fell onto the bed together. Ana's body, still new to lovemaking, was initially shy and inhibited. But Erik was having none of that. His hands found all the sensitive places that he'd discovered their first night together, loving the way she instantly responded to his touch.

When he finally entered her, he moved slowly, needing to show her that her decision to come away with him wasn't a mistake. He'd planned to show her the same thing on several other levels but this one was the most elemental. As they crashed over the precipice to a mind-blowing climax, Erik pulled her into his arms, enjoying the way she shuddered and gasped as her release came.

Ana almost instantly fell asleep, her arms wrapped around his neck and her head using his shoulder for a pillow. The night before with no sleep was finally catching up to her.

Erik slipped out of the bed, careful not to disturb her. He showered quickly, then left her to sleep through the rest of the flight. Out in the seating area of the plane, he made several phone calls, trying to clear up his schedule for the next two days. The last phone call was the most important though. It was to his security team. But still, they were coming up with nothing on his mystery lady. It was as if she hadn't existed before her arrival at the Mayflower and now she didn't exist since she'd left it earlier today.

Erik ordered his team to continue the search. She had to have a history somewhere. Someone was bound to have noticed such a beautiful woman in a hotel lobby or restaurant - somewhere within the public areas of the hotel.

They landed in Grand Cayman two hours later and Erik hesitated to wake her up. She looked so comfortable and relaxed. Gone was the wariness he saw when she was thinking about something and there was no tension in her shoulders. In the end, he woke her simply because he knew that his bed at the beach house was more comfortable.

Ana awoke still groggy and disoriented. She didn't feel well rested at all and she had no idea where she was. It took her long minutes to realize that Marcus was smiling down at her, his blue eyes showing his concern for her fatigue. "Did I wear you out, my lady?"

Ana didn't bother to deny it as she pulled the sheet more securely around her. She was completely worn out from his lovemaking. "Yes. Now what are you going to do about it?"

"You mean besides pull that sheet down so I can see your lovely body again?" he asked wolfishly, starting to do exactly as he'd said.

Ana slapped his hands away from the sheet, laughing at how incorrigible he was. "Not that," she said, grabbing it tighter in her fists. "You'll have to feed me, sir. And entertain me and I'll warn you that I'm very finicky."

"Finicky, huh?" he growled. "Well, then we'd better be off. I think I have a lot to do and just a little time to do it in," he said and pulled her up quickly, the sheet falling down as her startled hands grabbed onto his shoulders for balance instead of holding onto the sheet for modesty.

"What are you doing?" she shrieked as he carried her into the shower.

"We have to get moving. There's a fire-breathing show at the Lexium Hotel tonight that you won't want to miss. My housekeeper makes the most amazing dishes so be sure you're hungry," he said before turning on the shower for her. He left her in the bathroom with a sweet kiss on the cheek and a wink before he patted her on the bottom on his way out the door.

True to his word, Ana was treated to a whirlwind of activity. Friday night, he took her to dinner at a Cajun restaurant that had a wonderful show with fire-eaters and fire twirlers. Ana could barely keep up with all the activity and was thrilled with the entertainment. He made love to her that night with a slow, powerful rhythm that made her head spin with the power behind each touch, each kiss.

Waking up in his arms was a wonderful experience as he made love to her with the sun shining down on them in the early morning light. Saturday morning, he took her snorkeling on a reef filled with fabulous colored fish. It was amazing to watch them swim right up to her face mask before darting away. Lunch was at an outside cafe where the cook personally came out to greet them, chatting away in some Cajun language Ana was unfamiliar with. But it was interesting watching him and the chef talk casually, laughing and slapping each other on the back. That afternoon, he took her sailing and she laid out on the top of the small deck, letting the sun warm her skin and lull her to sleep.

She dreamt that Marcus had changed and was more serious, but still the man she loved and he arrived right before her wedding to a stranger, picked her up on his white horse and carried her away to a white castle in the clouds. She woke up to the waves crashing against the hull as they came back into port.

The evening was wonderful and relaxing. They did nothing more than sit out on the beach where a table was set up with white linen and silver with candles dancing in the ocean breeze. They dined on lobster and scallops in a white wine sauce. Unfortunately, they didn't do justice to the fragrant meal. Both of them were more eager to talk, not really about anything important or heavy, just laughing at whatever came into their minds.

Ana let him pull her onto the sand and make love to her as the waves crashed over their bodies. She'd always thought it would be uncomfortable to feel the sand under her but with Marcus, there was no time to think about anything when he touched her. He overwhelmed all her senses, leaving nothing to think about other than the next touch, the next feeling.

Sunday morning, Ana was sitting out on the balcony, a cup of tea already in her hands and a feeling of lethargy stilling her movements. She had woken early and watched the sunrise, knowing it would be her last for a very long time. As soon as she returned home, she fully expected her mother and father to be furious. Locking her into her rooms is not beyond her imagination although it would be relatively severe.

"You look too serious for a gorgeous morning. Why don't you come back to bed," Marcus said, moving up behind her and nuzzling her neck.

"I will in a minute," she said, touching his cheek and smiling up at him happily. "Thank you for a wonderful time," she said.

Marcus sat down in the chair on the opposite side of her, knowing he needed space to keep his hands off her. It was time to make his next move and try to convince her to stay with him longer. He knew going into this weekend that he'd need more than just two days. Spending just one day with her had convinced him that they had something incredibly special with each other and they shouldn't just let it go.

"I wanted to talk about that," he said and poured himself a cup of tea from the urn on the table. "Why can't we continue like this?" he asked. "You can't deny that you had a good time this weekend. Why can't you come back with me and just live like this longer?"

She was thrilled that he'd felt the same thing she was, but it was still no good. She couldn't accept his offer. Ana shook her head sadly. "I have obligations that would prohibit me from..."

He didn't want to hear the end of her sentence. He knew it wasn't the right answer. "From enjoying your life?"

"Yes," she said, not willing to lie to him anymore but knowing she couldn't tell him the full truth.

He was impatient to find out what was holding her back. He wanted answers and was frustrated with her half truths. "Tell me what they are. I guarantee I can overcome whatever issues come up. I'm a very powerful man and have connections all over the world. Would you trust me?"

Ana looked out at the sunrise and wished she could hand over her issues to him. "Are you offering marriage?" she joked.

There was a long silence and she finally turned to look at him. The peacefulness she had been experiencing disappeared. "I was kidding but I'm guessing that wasn't even on your mind."

"I can't offer you that," he said. "I can offer you myself and time, but I can't offer marriage."

Ana's heart broke with his words. A pain sliced through her body, a feeling so intense she never could have imagined feeling something so awful. "You're asking me to become your mistress, aren't you?"

He saw the tears form in her eyes and he hated himself at the moment. "That sounds awful but it doesn't have to be. I have obligations that I can't get out of. But I want you in my life."

Ana stood up and set her tea cup on the table carefully, her fingers shaking from her emotions. "I can't become your mistress, nor would I even if I could."

"Ana, it wouldn't be like that," he said and stood up with her. He stopped her by putting his hands on her shoulders. "Please, consider my offer. Think about it. This doesn't have to stop here. It could go on if you'd just let it."

She didn't want to hear what he was saying. He was obviously committed to someone although she knew he wasn't married. She'd asked him that at the beginning and, if she knew anything about him, it was that he wouldn't lie to her. He might hurt her with the truth but he wouldn't blatantly lie.

It wasn't good enough though. Just because he wasn't married didn't mean he wasn't committed and that was the real issue, wasn't it? He couldn't fully commit to her because he had someone else waiting for him. "What about children? Would we be able to have them? I want lots of them and I doubt a mistress would be able to have children with you. At least not legitimate children, right? Isn't that the way it goes? I'm guessing you're some sort of aristocrat and you are already engaged, aren't you?" She hated the fact that tears were now streaming down her face but she couldn't help it. He was hurting her more than she ever realized he could. Why had she never asked if there was another woman, no matter how insignificant she was?

He didn't answer and Ana saw the answer on his face. "You bastard! You're engaged. How could you?" she demanded. "Does she know you're having an affair? A cheap, tawdry affair with someone you just met?"

He stood up and held her upper arms, stopping her from turning away from him. "Annie stop it. This isn't cheap or tawdry and you know it. Don't belittle what we have together. But I have obligations I can't get out of."

She flinched at his touch, and felt a betraying sense of heat steal into her body. She pulled roughly out of his hands, wishing she could hurt him just as much as he was killing her. "You've said that! And I don't want to hear anything else," she shouted. "Just leave me alone," she said and rushed into his bedroom, the place they'd spent so many hours exploring each other, finding complete fulfillment in each other's arms. And now it was all over. She quickly pulled on a pair of slacks and shirt, not even caring if they matched or not.

Erik followed her, angry for the first time at his position and obligations. Because of them, he was losing the first woman who had ever gotten under his skin and made him feel something more than just mild amusement. "Annie stop. Listen to me. Come with me, let me show you were I live and you'll understand."

She ignored him, continuing to dress as best she could since she could barely see through the tears streaming down her face, blurring her vision. All she wanted was to get away from him and out of his life. "No! I've heard everything I need to hear. Let me just summarize for you. You're engaged to be married at some unknown time yet you still want me in your life. You'd like me to come back, be stored away in some hideout where you come around once in a while, make love to me, then leave and produce wonderful children with your loving wife who knows nothing about the two of us." Ana didn't stop moving while she yelled, horrified at what she was saying because it was the complete truth. To get herself through these last, awful moments, she just kept throwing clothes into her suitcase in an effort to leave as quickly as possible.

"That's not the way it would be," he said, running a hand through his hair in frustration.

Ana didn't want to hear his half truths anymore. "I don't want to hear your version of it." She zipped her suitcase up and slipped her feet into a pair of sandals. Grabbing her purse, she pulled her suitcase off the bed and lugged it to the door.

"Annie, I'm not letting you leave like this," he said and put his body in front of the door.

She had to get out this beautiful house and away from the man she loved more than anything else in the world before her whole body crumbled. So she said the only words that would hurt him as much as he'd hurt her. "Marcus, I'm engaged as well. I only have a short time before my wedding. So if you'll excuse me, I need to head back to my home and have my wedding dress fitted."

His face paled at her words and he shook his head in disbelief. "You're lying," he countered, not wanting to believe what she was telling him.

"No. I'm not. I'll spare you the silly details, but it is something my family has wanted for years and is the reason I couldn't let you know I was staying at the Mayflower. Please let me go."

Without another word he stepped to the side and let her leave. He looked at her, trying to determine if she was telling him the truth or not. But the calm way she was looking at him now told him everything he needed to know. She was really engaged and would leave him to marry someone else regardless of her feelings for him.

With that realization, he didn't argue anymore. He simply walked to the phone and called Tim who had his limousine out front within minutes. Erik knew he should make sure she got to the airport safely, but he also knew Tim would do that for him. Right now, he couldn't face the idea of seeing her leave him, knowing she'd be going to some other man's arms.

Erik stared out at the ocean and watched the waves crash against the sand. Gripping the railing, he worked through all the details he knew about her, which were precious few. Everything he knew though, added up to the fact that she was telling him the truth.

"Dammit" he said and punched his fist into the wall of his bedroom, creating a gaping hole. He didn't care. He walked into the bathroom and quickly showered. He dressed in record time and left the villa. Within an hour, he was at the airport and back on his plane, taking off, heading back to his home and the obligations he'd been ignoring for the past week. With iron determination, he pushed all thoughts of Annie and their time together from his mind.

Chapter 8

Ana left the security of the limousine and walked into the airport, her heart heaving and the tears just behind her eyelids. With as much dignity as she could muster, she walked up to the ticket booth and inquired about flights to Cordova.

The clerk typed on her computer and, after several minutes, came up with an itinerary for her. "I'm afraid it is going to be a long flight," she said. "There's a flight in forty five minutes that will fly you to Paris. From there, you can catch the next flight to Germany and then to Cordova. I'm afraid we don't have any direct flights. I wouldn't imagine that any other airlines do either. That is a small country," the ticket agent said. "I've been there once before and you're in for a treat. Gorgeous country!" she said, waving her hand for emphasis.

"I agree," Ana nodded. "And I understand about the flight," she said and handed the clerk her credit card. Funny, it didn't feel so wonderful this time as it had at the coffee shop a week ago. Had it only been a week? It seemed like an eternity to Ana who knew she had fallen hopelessly in love with Marcus. As she signed the ticket and handed the woman her passport for validation, Ana wondered if she would ever feel whole again.

She had to hurry in order to make her flight. Security took a long time, longer than she'd ever realized. Flying in private jets, security was streamlined. And traveling as royalty definitely had its advantages, she thought as she put her shoes back on and grabbed her purse to run the rest of the way to her gate.

Ana stared out the window of the plane for the next twelve hours, wondering if things could have ended differently between her and Marcus. She knew she'd never be satisfied being a mistress. And her family would never allow it either. She didn't even have the luxury of being disowned. Her father would simply ignore all her arguments and the wedding would proceed with or without her agreement.

She'd known that this moment would have to come anyway. Even from the start, she'd known there could never be a future with Marcus. All her life, she'd lived with the obligations that were defined by her birth. Now was the time to pay up.

She tried to sleep but thoughts of making love with Marcus drifted into her head as soon as she closed her eyes. So she stayed awake, concentrating on one subject or another, anything to keep her mind from thinking about Marcus and wondering about the woman he was about to marry.

But questions and thoughts kept jumping to her mind. Was she beautiful? Was she funnier than she was? More educated? Why couldn't he give her up? Was he in love with the other woman? Every fiber of her being rejected that possibility but the cold, hard reality was that it was probably true. Why would a man as strong and dedicated as Marcus let himself be trapped into a marriage he didn't want? So this other woman had to be incredible to have gained the love of a man like Marcus.

Ana stopped herself. It didn't matter what she was like. Apparently, he was in the same kind of situation she was. Oh, he probably wasn't in an arranged marriage to a stranger. Those things didn't really happen anymore. She was just unlucky enough to have a father who believed he knew what was best for his children and didn't listen to anything other than his own opinion.

That made her realize that Marcus had probably chosen this woman. That was even more painful. She'd thought that she couldn't be in more agony but the fact that he had fallen in love with someone and was about to marry made her heart ache more than she'd thought possible.

She changed planes in Paris, then again in Bonn. When she was on the final leg of her journey home, she was still hurt but thought she had that under control. She'd been traveling for almost twenty four hours now which meant she would be later than she'd told her family. That worried her enough to call and tell them that she was about three hours from the airport in Cordova. The phones in the plane were not the best and she decided to not speak with her mother. She called her mother's secretary instead and told Alicia that she was fine, her arrival time and what flight she was on.

"Are you okay?" Alicia asked, the worry and exhaustion in her voice apparent. "I'll get your mother immediately," she said.

"No, Alicia. Please, just convey the message and time I'll be there. I'll talk to her soon enough."

"What flight are you on again?" Alicia demanded before Ana could disconnect. Ana searched through her travel documents and verified the flight information for her a second time.

Ana could hear the relief in Alicia's voice. "I'll have an escort for you shortly. I know your parents will be enormously relieved to know that you are safe."

"Fine," Ana said and hung up, knowing that Alicia was probably stalling in order to get her mother on the phone.

Ana didn't want to talk to anyone and didn't want to hear everyone's disappointment. It would come soon enough. Ana looked out the window of her plane and sighed, wishing she didn't have to face the music. But Ana had known all of this would happen when she'd left two days ago.

Twenty minutes after she hung up the phone, Ana was still staring out the window. She noticed a plane flying close and her heart skipped a beat. Were they going to run into that plane? It was flying directly for them. Obviously other people on the plane saw the same thing. Someone called out, "What the hell!" and others started raising their voices in panic. A moment later, the plane pulled up beside the jet and Ana recognized the colors of Cordova's military on the side of the plane. Then the pilot's voice came on the speakers. "Please don't worry everyone. We are just receiving a military escort into the airport. We are cleared for a direct landing which will eliminate thirty minutes from our flight. We should be arriving in less than an hour at Cordova's International Airport. So sit back and relax as we enjoy the added security of Cordova's superior Air Force escort."

Ana sank lower in her seat and tried to become inconspicuous. She didn't want everyone on the flight to know she was the reason for the military escort but knew there was nothing she could do about it. Thankfully, no one approached her and asked to confirm her identity. The plane landed without incident and Ana stood up, preparing to walk off the flight with the other passengers.

That was the plan anyway. As soon as the doors were opened, an armed guard rushed onto the plane. Ana was quickly identified. "Your highness," the lead guard said and bowed. "We're here to escort you safely to the palace," he said and physically moved the other passengers out of her way.

Ana ducked her head as she walked out of the plane. She was escorted to a waiting limousine with strange body guards who quickly ducked her out of site. The limousine traveled the five minutes from the airport to the palace, the trip streamlined as police blocked off the streets to ensure a quick and safe trip.

The same, strange guard opened the door for her once they were in the palace garage and Ana walked quickly into the palace. She wanted to go to her rooms, but knew that she needed to face the music with her parents before she had any relief.

Instead of heading to the left which would lead her to her suite of rooms, she turned right and walked slowly toward her father's office.

As soon as she walked in, her father and mother stood, nodded to the guards who quietly closed the doors behind her. Ana heard the sound of the closing doors and thought it sounded ominously like a death knell or maybe even a prison gate closing behind her.

King Stephan walked around his desk to stand directly in front of her. "Have a good time?" he asked, deceptively quiet.

Ana was actually afraid of her father. She didn't really know what to say but thought perhaps the truth would be the best plan of action. "Father, I.."

"Answer the question," he snapped, not raising his voice but authority ringing through nevertheless.

"I...I can explain."

He shook his head. "No. You can't. Nothing you can say will excuse the worry you have put your mother and I through over the past three days."

"I left a note," she said as her only defense against their worry. But she saw the stress etched in each of their faces and felt even worse for being the person who put it there.

Her father was having none of that. His hand waved it aside as if it was unimportant which, in his mind, it was. "The note said you needed time. Did you have enough time?" he demanded.

"Yes," she whispered, not able to look him in the eye.

He paced in front of his desk, shaking his head in exasperation. "Ana, I don't know what has gotten into you in the past week. I've never had any worries that you would act this way. Marabeth, now I worry about her and the little digs she makes toward George. But you've always been the sensible one, the one I could count on to know your station and act with decorum. This is not like you. Please explain what would make you go off, without your guard and without any planning at all. Do you have any idea of what could have happened to you?" he asked, not allowing her any time to explain. "Have I not drilled into your head all the things that could happen? These things actually do happen and quite often. Would you like to see the reports that come across my desk? Would you like to know how many people were kidnapped and held ransom in the past three days? Do you want to know how many groups internationally are now suspected of kidnapping innocent people in order to finance their military operations? And you're not an innocent person. You're a political symbol! Ana! You have put yourself into unacceptable danger!"

Now he was yelling and Ana shrunk at the full force of that anger being directed at her. "But I'm fine!" she pointed out. "None of those things happened."

"Because of luck and the fact that no one knew you were gone without protection."

She finally found a place to contradict him and possibly ease his anger if only slightly. "I wasn't without protection. I had guards with me at all times. I promise."

"Who's guards?" he demanded immediately.

Ana was trapped but she wasn't going to tell him the whole story. She couldn't tell her father that she'd had a brief affair with an engaged man. That would really be awful. "The place I was staying had very good security. There were armed guards and fences, gated enclosures. Oh, father, I just wanted to get away and think things through."

"And have you thought things through?" he asked, his tone not calming down at all despite her assurances that the facility in which she'd been staying had adequate protection. In his mind, nothing was adequate unless he'd personally reviewed it and decreed it legitimate.

"Yes," she said, her voice whispering. "I understand that I now have two weeks before my wedding. I promise I'll be the epitome of royal upbringing." Her chin went up several notches with that comment, her anger rising up again at the realization that she was simply chattel for another man. Slightly more if she produced children for him.

King Stephan saw her defiance and it flamed his anger even more. "Don't even start with the sarcasm, girl," he snapped, his face turning red with his fury.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, her chin dropping and her eyes falling to the floor.

Her mother stepped in at that point. "Stephan, I think this conversation could wait another day. Look at her. She's exhausted."

Ana's father looked closely at her features. "Why haven't you slept?"

"I've been on a commercial plane for the last twenty four hours," she explained. That was partly true. The plane hadn't kept her awake, memories of Marcus had.

King Stephan relented, but only slightly. Her admission brought back his anger but he knew that it was pointless to continue with his daughter looking so exhausted. "Go get some sleep and be back here tomorrow morning at eight o'clock sharp," he said and turned away from her.

Ana knew she had been summarily dismissed and she walked out of her father's office on unsteady legs. Moving toward her suite of rooms, she realized she really was bone deep tired.

She was a little startled when she reached her rooms and found that there were two guards stationed on either side of her door. She looked at them oddly but neither even caught her eye as one opened the door, then shut it behind her.

Ana then knew, she was not to be trusted to leave the palace. Apparently, her mother had figured out that she'd been sneaking out all those times in America. Ana didn't even ponder that issue. She pulled off her clothes and crawled into bed. She was asleep before her head even hit the pillow.

The next morning, Ana woke up and stretched, wondering why she felt so depressed. Then the events of the previous two days hit her and she wanted to pull the covers up over her head and hide from the world.

Instead, she got out of bed and showered, changing into a modest black skirt and white silk blouse, preparing mentally for her interview with her father. It was seven o'clock when she was sitting down in the family dining room, nibbling on toast when her sister walked in. Rushing over to her, Marabeth gave her a huge hug. "Oh, Ana! I'm so glad you're okay. When I heard that you'd finally come home last night I was so relieved."

Ana accepted the hug from her sister. "Was it really so bad when I was gone?" she asked, not really caring anymore. She put down her dry toast and sipped her tea, not even feeling the heat from the steaming liquid. Marcus was getting married, she was being fitted for her wedding dress and picking out the menu for her wedding. Nothing really mattered anymore. Ana was grateful for the numbness. It was far better than the pain she had been enduring previously.

Marabeth was thrilled to see her sister and not able to stop asking questions or relent on her excitement over her sister's adventure. "Where did you go? What did you see? Were you with anyone? Who was there with you? Did you have a fabulous time?"

"Does it matter?" Ana said and stood up. "I'm sorry Marabeth. I just can't talk about it," she said and left the dining room.

She passed her brother in the hallway but didn't even smile toward him. She headed aimlessly down the corridor, not sure of where she was going.

Ana found herself in front of her father's office and looked at her watch. It was only seven fifteen. With nothing else to do, she sat down on the chair outside and stared at the wall, not even acknowledging the guards standing sentry outside his office.

Forty five minutes later, her father opened the doors to his office and stormed out. "Where's Ana.." he started to say then saw her sitting on the chair. "What are you doing there?" he asked.

Ana didn't answer him. She stood up and preceded him into his office. She stood in front of his desk and waited for the yelling to start.

King Stephan watched his normally animated daughter walk listlessly into his office and station herself in front of his desk, her shoulders drooping as she waited for him to start their discussion. Turning back to the guards outside his office, he asked, "How long has she been sitting there?"

"Forty five minutes, sire," the one to the right declared and snapped his feet as he bowed, then turned back to face the hallway.

King Stephan closed the door behind him and walked to take his seat behind his desk. He looked sternly at his oldest daughter and wondered what she had gone through while she was gone. "So start talking and tell me what was so important for you that you needed days without your guard," he demanded without preamble.

Normally her father's anger would bother her but this morning, she just didn't care. Nothing mattered. She'd never see Marcus again and she was faced with an abhorrent future. Numbness was all she felt. "Does it matter? I'm back." She looked at her watch and remembered she had her first fitting for her dress in two hours. She sighed at the idea.

Her father was having none of that. "It matters. Do I need to get my security team to find out or are you going to tell me?"

Ana considered his statement and wondered if she really cared if her father found out where she'd been. But in reality, she didn't care. She simply shrugged her shoulders. "You should get your security team to find out," she confirmed. She wouldn't look at her father, but focused on a point over his head. "If there's nothing else you'd like to discuss," she asked and stood up, "I'll get out of your way," she said, ready to leave.

"Sit down, Ana," he said sternly.

Ana shook her head and battled the tears again but won this time. She refused to cry over this situation. It was over and done with, she told herself. "I'd rather stand, father," she said and took a deep breath.

"Why?" King Stephan demanded, noting the haggard look of her clothes and the dark circles under her eyes.

Ana's shoulders drooped. "It doesn't matter," she said and sat down in the chair to the right, staring at the floor.

Stephan had never seen his daughter like this. She was usually very even tempered with only occasional bursts of anger. She'd never been depressed that he was aware of.

His anger seemed to dissipate somewhat. He sat down in the chair next to her and lowered his voice. "Were you in danger?"

"No," she said quickly.

He considered all that he'd heard about her frustrations over the past week. Taking a different approach, he asked her about her major points of anger, or what he thought they were. "What's wrong with Prince Erik?"

Ana closed her eyes and tried to control her emotions before answering her father. "Nothing now," she finally said. There had been a whole host of issues with the man last week but she couldn't even remember that far back. Her mind was centered on only one man and how he'd hurt her so deeply she didn't think she'd ever recover.

"Then why are you so against this marriage?" he asked sternly. "Your mother tells me that you're not happy about it."

Ana shrugged. "He'll do just as well as the next man," she said, honestly not caring who she'd be married to. It wouldn't be Marcus so really, one man or another didn't matter. They were interchangeable in her mind after experiencing the magic of Marcus's touch.

"So there won't be anymore escape attempts?"

Ana smiled wryly at his words. "Is that what you would call what I did? If I had to escape, then you admit that I was imprisoned?"

King Stephan shook his head. "No. I don't. But I'll be sure to protect you despite yourself from now until your wedding day."

That formed a small amount of interest but she still wouldn't look at him. "Hence the guards outside my door?"

"Exactly."

Taking a deep breath, she asked the burning question she'd wanted an answer to since stepping off the plane the previous day. "What happened to Roman and James?" she asked, referring to her previous guards.

Her father's stern expression returned and his eyebrows creased with anger. "They have been reprimanded and released from their responsibilities."

Ana almost broke down in tears again at that news. "Why?" she asked, her voice cracking on unwanted emotion. The guilt was almost overwhelming her on top of the pain of losing Marcus. "They were good men who would have laid down their life for me."

Her father was unmoved by her emotions. He shook his head before saying, "They failed to protect you. They were unworthy of their posts. Enough said on the subject."

Ana didn't respond but bowed her head in shame. Roman and James were very good men and she had cared for them. Both had been her body guards for over fifteen years. Now, because of her selfish actions, they were jobless and it was all her fault.

"Is there anything else?" she asked, wanting to run and hide.

"No. That will be all."

Ana stood and walked out of his office. She still had a long time before her fitting but she had nothing she needed to do. Her whole schedule had been cleared before their trip to ensure that she had enough time for the wedding plans, parties and festivities. She found herself in the library and picked out a book. But her mind couldn't focus on the words. She sat down and stared out the window, just as she had in Washington, D.C.

Time slipped by as she stared out the window. Almost two hours had passed when someone burst into the library, breathless. It was one of her new body guards. "Your highness," he said, breathless. "The seamstress is waiting," he said and bowed as he held the door open for her.

Ana barely acknowledged the new guard as she put the book on the shelf and walked sedately down the hallway, not caring that she was late for her appointment or not. She wasn't going to fight the wedding anymore, but neither could she become excited about the prospect either. Being married to anyone, much less a stranger... Ana shuddered at the thought.

The seamstress smiled as soon as Ana entered. "Oh, your highness. How exciting. I have so many designs for you to choose from. Why don't you sit down and pick which one you'd like for your wedding dress," she gushed. "I wish I had more time but no matter," she said airily as Ana walked across the room to the table, "we will still make your wedding dreams come true."

Ana sat down at a large, round table and pulled the designs toward her. Her excitement was not what one would expect of a bride to be and she knew she needed to show a little more enthusiasm. Flipping through the various designs, she tried to picture herself walking down the aisle in each of the dresses, taking the steps that would bring her closer to a stranger she didn't love. Ana was just about to push the pictures away and run out when her mother entered the room.

"Don't, Ana," she said quietly. Natasha sat down in the chair next to her daughter. She dismissed the seamstress with a nod and, once they were alone, turned to face her daughter. "Ana, this will be your only wedding. You can make it a horror story, or you can make it a dream to remember. It is all up to you."

"But mother, I don't..."

"Stop. Don't say another word. Remember when you told me you wanted to go to law school?"

"Yes."

"What was my response?"

Ana thought back to that day over a week ago, fighting the tears that were threatening to overwhelm her. Gone was the numbness and the pain was back in full force as she stared at the pictures of possibly wedding dresses. "You said that I should use my mind to make my dreams come true."

"Exactly."

Ana put her head in her hands, desperate to figure out what her mother was trying to tell her. "I don't understand mother," she said.

Natasha pulled her daughter's hands away and forced her to face her. "You don't understand what a gift being royal really is, do you?"

Ana shook her head and considered her mother's question seriously. "All I see is that I now have two guards posted outside my doors. Add to the fact that I have to marry someone I don't know for the sake of an arranged marriage, arranged by someone other than me, then no. At this point in my life I don't see many advantages to being a member of a royal family in general and this one in particular."

Her mother nodded. "That's a consequence. Not a gift. What is stopping you from studying law? You might not be able to attend law school formally, but you're about to marry the future ruler of a country. Do you have any idea the influence that position carries? You have the ear of a king. And a very good one, if rumors are true. If you find an injustice, you need to figure out a way to fix it. What better way than to do that through the laws?"

For a long time, Ana considered her mother's words. Could she be right? Could the wife to a king carry influence and help shape a country besides just being the walking womb to her husband's dynasty? Ana's eyes widened at all the possibilities that thought opened up. She had never considered that aspect of her life. She'd always been told that she would marry and produce the next heir to the throne but never what she could be doing besides that. She turned to face her smiling, beautiful mother and another thought came to her. "What were your dreams, mother?"

Natasha laughed softly, relieved that at least the initial crisis was over. "Honestly, my dreams came true the moment I met your father. And then I had three wonderful children. I don't think I could have imagined anything more than that."

Ana smiled for the first time in two days. "That sounds lovely. But I want more than that."

She smiled fondly at her daughter. "Then find it. You have resources that you haven't even tapped. Try that instead of banging your head against a brick wall, also known as your father."

Ana laughed, never having heard her mother describe her father in anything but the most glowing of terms. "You're definitely right about father. He can be pretty stubborn."

"Marabeth takes after him. You're more like me. You usually make the best of any situation. Except over the past few days, of course," she said, grimacing at the memory of her fear and frustration over her daughter's safety.

Ana saw the fatigue that was in her mother's eyes for the first time since her return. "I'm sorry I caused you worry, mother. I really thought the note would suffice. If I'd known what it would cause...." Ana thought about what she would have done and knew, deep in her heart, that she still would have gone away with Marcus.

"You'd still have done the same thing," Natasha finished, seeing the truth in her daughter's eyes. "I don't want to know what happened. I'm just relieved and grateful that you're safe and back with us." She kissed Ana's cold cheek and smiled gently at her. "Now, how about if we move on to more exciting things, eh?"

Ana's mother pulled the wedding dress designs closer and looked at them closely. "When you were a little girl, what did you picture getting married in?"

Ana glanced at all the lovely drawings and sighed. "Oh, I can't remember that long ago."

"I remember you telling me once that you wanted to look like an angel."

Ana laughed, suddenly remembering that long ago memory. "Well, I don't think father would appreciate me walking down the aisle with feather wings, would he?"

Natasha smiled and moved a picture toward Ana. "Probably not. But what about this one?"

Ana glanced at the drawing and nodded. "Yes. That looks lovely," she said. But her eyes misted over because she was wondering what Marcus would think if he saw her in this dress. It was magical with soft layers floating down to the floor, a heart shaped, strapless bodice that really did look like it was flying away. The veil was just as wonderful and looked like it would fly away in a simple breeze and somehow curled around her face instead of falling neatly. She stared at the picture and considered her options. Her mother was right. She could either go into these next two weeks like a zombie and feel hurt and abused, or she could pick herself up, figure out how to make the best of a bad situation and learn to live without Marcus again. She'd done it before she'd entered that coffee shop so many days ago. Surely she could find meaning once again?

"Yes, that's the dress I'd like to be married in," she said and handed the picture to her mother for her opinion. "What do you think?" If a small voice inside her head reminded her that she wanted to be married only to one man, she pushed that thought aside and concentrated on getting through the next few moments.

"I love it and I think you'd look extraordinarily lovely in it as well. This one it is," Natasha said and stood up. "I'll get the seamstresses started," and left Ana alone with her ideal wedding dress staring back at her. If only she could have her ideal groom to walk toward instead of a stranger, life would be perfect.

With a look of determination she was not really feeling, Ana picked herself up mentally and stood up physically, walking down the hallway as if she had some sort of purpose. Ignoring the guards walking silently behind her, she went to the kitchens to discuss the wedding menu with the cook, yet another task she'd been ignoring in the hopes that somehow the wedding would not take place.

Chapter 9

Erik stared at the report and tried to concentrate but his mind was elsewhere. He was exhausted but couldn't sleep anymore. He'd been pushing his staff harder than they could handle and he knew he needed to slow down or he was going to collapse. He was pushing himself harder each day in an effort to block his mind from even thinking about his Annie. And each time he started to think of her, he got angrier.

That meant additional tasks to consider, more projects to start and follow through on in an effort to work himself so hard he would fall asleep at night exhausted instead of laying in bed thinking of another man touching Annie. Even his father had mentioned that he was pushing his staff too hard and he needed to back off.

It was now two weeks until his wedding and he could care less. He'd wracked his brains trying to come up with a way to escape the wedding that only two weeks before had been nothing more than a blip on the schedule of his daily activities. The idea that one, slender beauty with fiery hair and sparkling eyes could so destroy his usual calm exterior and rigid schedule would have been laughable.

Adding to his anger was the fact that she could not be found. He was furious that his security team had not found a trace of Annie. She had apparently disappeared into thin air once she'd gotten on the plane in Grand Cayman. He knew she'd flown to Paris but after that, her trail had disappeared. It was as if someone had gone in and purposefully erased any trail she might have left. It was the second time she'd done this. How could one female escape him so completely?

His valet was now packing his bags in preparation for his wedding trip. He'd be gone for four weeks, two of which would be spent in Cordova in wedding festivities and two more on his honeymoon. His secretary was packing the office so it could follow him to both. He hated the idea of traveling to some other country right at the moment when he had so many more important things to do other than get married to a woman he didn't know and couldn't care less about.

"Will there be anything else?" his valet asked, bowing slightly.

Erik shook his head. "That should be all, James. What time does the plane leave?" he asked, knowing that he'd be on his father's schedule instead of his. If it were his schedule, the plane would leave when he arrived at the airport.

"His highness wants to be airborne before noon, I believe. I'll confirm that information." The valet answered quickly, obviously too often at the wrong side of Erik's temper lately.

Erik sighed and rubbed his face, trying to ease some of the tension that never seemed to leave him lately. "That's fine. That will be all," he said, dismissing the man for the moment. He'd have to get moving if he was going to make the flight. Did he have enough time to check with Tim again before leaving? Glancing at his watch, he didn't think he did. It wouldn't matter anyway. If Tim had come up with any new leads, he would have contacted Erik immediately.

He left the room and made his way to the car and was met by Tim who was just getting off the phone. "Anything?" he asked, knowing the answer before he even asked it. The expression on Tim's face told Erik everything he needed to know and it wasn't good.

"No, your highness," the body guard said and handed Erik the latest report on the leads they had followed in their efforts to find Annie.

Erik took the report and scanned it, noting the leads that the security team had followed and lost. "Find her!" he demanded, handing the papers back to his body guard. "Re-cover these leads. Someone has to know something about her. She can't just disappear!" Erik forced himself to calm down. This wasn't like him. He'd been referred to as ice man from some of the people he'd known in the past. This was an extraordinary circumstance, he told himself although that didn't excuse him abusing his staff. "Sorry, Tim," he said and turned back to his body guard. "I know you're doing everything you can to find her. I'm just frustrated."

"I understand, Your Highness," Tim said, bowing. "We will find her, sire," he said and stepped back to the limousine, prepared to find the elusive woman that was damaging his employer's state of mind.

The flight to Cordova with his father was uneventful and they landed three hours later. Both he and his father worked with their individual staffs during the flight, handing out last minute instructions that would take them through the next few days so both could concentrate on the wedding festivities. As soon as the plane landed, Erik and his father were met at the palace receiving area by Prince Maximillian, a man similar in build to him but a few years younger. Bowing, Erik politely shook the man's hand. "Good afternoon, Max. It is good to see you again," he said politely. "I apologize for my father's delay," Erik was saying as they walked along the hallway. "He has one more important meeting and then will be behind me," Erik explained. "But he didn't want to delay my meeting with my future wife any longer so he sent me on ahead, if that is okay with you."

Max also bowed and took the offered hand. "It definitely is good to see you again, Prince Erik. And we will send an emissary along to greet your father when he is finished. Glad to see you in our country. I know Anastasia has been eagerly awaiting your arrival. I've sent word for her to meet us in my father's office. If you'll follow me, I'll escort you there," he said.

Max led the way down a long hallway. Erik followed behind the tall man and surveyed the palace, noting the differences and similarities with his home. He was glancing down another long hallway when a movement caught his eye. It was a slender woman with striking red hair falling down her back. Annie! He thought.

Erik literally stopped in the middle of the hallway, his gaze transfixed by the woman who was walking in the opposite direction. He couldn't believe his luck!

"Max," Erik said, stopping the man with a hand to his shoulder. "Who is that woman?" he asked, feeling like a cad for asking the brother of his fiancee who another woman was but he was beyond rational thinking at this point. "Does she work in the palace? She looks vaguely familiar," he said as an excuse for his interest, knowing it still looked poor.

Max glanced down the hallway at the woman he was pointing to. When he realized who she was, he was a little shocked. "Are you serious?" Max asked, his gaze sharpening as he registered the man's features.

Erik wasn't looking at his future brother in law or he would have seen the gathering storm in his eyes. His eyes were still fixed on the redhead, sure that she was some sort of mirage but unwilling to let go of the image just in case. But then she laughed slightly and his gut twisted. It was her! He'd finally found his Annie! And in the house of the woman he was about to marry. That made it a little more complicated but he didn't care. He was going to do whatever it took to get her back. "Yes, does she work here? Is she part of the staff or just visiting?"

Max shook his head. "That's your fiancee," he said, his eyes turning sharp and intense. "That is Princess Anastasia."

Erik looked at the man, trying to determine if he was telling him the truth. "That's Princess Anastasia?" he asked, the shock evident in his face and tone.

Max stood stiffly beside Erik, the anger building in the younger man as Erik continued to watch the woman walk down the hallway. "Yes. I would have thought you'd known that by now, seeing that the wedding is less than two weeks away."

Erik shook his head. "I'm sorry, I only had a glance at her as she turned the corner and I've not been around her lately."

Max's eyes narrowed. "This way to my father's office," he said, more stiffly now.

Erik watched a little longer, just enough time to see her face, and know that she'd seen him as well. He chuckled at her startled expression and, even from this distance, he suspected that he saw a momentary flicker of excitement, before the panic struck in.

Obviously she didn't know who he was, just as he hadn't recognized her.

As he followed Prince Maximillian down the hallway, his mind slowly put the small amount of information together and he couldn't believe that he hadn't figured it out before. Annie was apparently short for Anastasia. He'd known she had red hair since the last time he'd seen her, ten years ago, she'd had short, red curls that bounced around her ears and eyes. And last week, he'd known his fiancee had been staying at the Mayflower hotel. He'd just been so concerned about not running into his fiancee, he hadn't made the connection that the woman he was running to was his fiancee.

Erik couldn't believe his luck. Suddenly, his mood lightened and he had the most incredible feeling of excitement for his upcoming wedding. Ten minutes ago, he was trying to figure out how to delay the wedding. Now he was wishing time would fly so he could be done with the formalities and move on to the honeymoon.

Erik chuckled as he stepped into his future father in law's office. King Stephan rose immediately, as did the woman by his side which he knew was Queen Natasha. Erik walked up and bowed formally to both. "Your highness," he said. He took King Stephan's hand and shook it firmly, knowing that a man's handshake was a test of the man's character. He then turned to his beautiful mother in law and raised her hand to his lips, kissing the back of her hand gently and smiling down into her green eyes. "Good evening, you're highness," he said politely. "It is a great honor to meet you yet again."

"We're glad to see you again as well, Prince Erik," Queen Natasha said, taking his hand and shaking it less formally. "Anastasia will be here in a moment. She was delayed momentarily by a minor crisis but I apologize for the delay in any case."

As she spoke, the doors behind them opened and Erik turned to face the woman who had been haunting his dreams for the past week. He smiled warmly, wishing she would look up at him and see he was here.

Ana was staring at the floor, wishing she could run in the opposite direction. Her heart was beating wildly after seeing Marcus in the hallway. And now she was facing the man who would imprison her. She was so angry but knew she had to hide her feelings or face her father's wrath. Not that she would do anything to embarrass her father or mother. This was her responsibility and she would fulfill her obligations and make the best of it.

She looked up as her cold hand was taken in two warm ones. "Good afternoon, Princess Anastasia. I'm glad to see you again so soon," he said. "I definitely look forward to the next two weeks."

Ana inhaled sharply at the deep voice. She looked up into the dark, smiling eyes of Marcus! "I....Uh...." Ana couldn't form a thought. He was here! He was Prince Marcus? No, no... Prince Erik. But how could that be? Was she misinterpreting the situation?

Ana looked to her mother, trying to find reason in this insane moment of her life. But her mother was only smiling politely, watching her daughter's expression for any sign of anger. Ana looked at her father, but she only saw the same reaction. Finally, she turned to the third person in the room, her brother and that's when the truth finally hit her. He was furious and only someone close to him would know it. His jaw was clenching and she saw a muscle twitching on the side of his forehead. Then that would mean....no! It couldn't be, could it? Ana looked back to the man still holding her hand in his, with laughing blue eyes dancing in merriment at her startled expression.

"Prince Erik Marcus Phillips, the Third, at your service," he replied, and bowed over her hand, kissing the skin just above her knuckles.

He took a step closer to her and looked down into her confused eyes before continuing. "I apologize for being remiss about my responsibilities before now but I hope this will make up for it," he said and pulled a small, black jewelers box out of his pocket. He opened the box and Ana gasped as she looked down onto a beautiful square cut diamond with smaller diamonds surrounding it. The stone wasn't the largest she'd ever seen, but it was definitely the most beautiful.

When Ana didn't move, only continued to stare down at the ring, Erik took the ring out of the box. Placing the box on the desk behind him, he turned back and gently took Ana's cold fingers within his hand, sliding the ring onto the third finger of her left hand. Her fingers automatically closed around the ring and already it felt right to her. Her eyes misted over and she looked up into his eyes.

"Do you like it?" he asked softly so only she could hear.

"It's beautiful," she said. "But you already know that."

"I thought so but it is nice to know that you also think it."

As she looked into his eyes, a horrible thought occurred to her. "Who did you buy this ring for?" she demanded, just as softly since she didn't want her parents to hear her conversation.

"For my wife," Erik replied but she saw the closed look come over his face with her question and she knew she'd hit on something he didn't want her to know about.

"The one you thought you were going to marry?" she asked. The confusion came rushing back to her at that realization.

"You're in love with me," he said, winking at her. "We're getting married. Don't create problems where there aren't any, Anastasia." He emphasized her full name.

Ana could only gape at him with embarrassed disbelief. She heard her mother cough delicately and Ana knew it was a signal that she was doing something wrong but she just couldn't snap out of it. It finally took her father to step in and break the silence before she could do anything at all. "Why don't you show him the gardens, Ana?" her father said, beaming as the two stared into each other's eyes.

Ana knew that her father assumed that everything was okay. But for some reason, Ana was angry. She wasn't exactly sure why though.

Pulling her hand out of Erik's she turned away as if in a trance, ready to follow her father's instructions but not sure what they were anymore. Oh yes, the gardens! She should show this man the gardens. "Yes, of course," she said, wondering what was wrong with this situation. She turned as if in a dream and led Erik out of her father's office. "I'd be delighted to show you the gardens," she said but her words weren't directed at anyone as her mind whirled through the scene.

She felt odd as Marcus...no Erik, tucked her hand into his arm and started walking out the door. She heard him speak but the words were foreign to her ears which were ringing right at the moment. But it wasn't just her hearing that was off. Her whole world had tilted and she had to find her way back to something sane, something that made sense because Marcus, or Erik, or whatever he was calling himself today, was not supposed to be here. He was supposed to be marrying some other woman. But that other woman was...her? Could it be true?

Erik guided her out of the office and down the hallway. It wasn't until he turned the corner and knew that they were out of sight that he stopped walking and turned her into his arms.

Ana understood his intentions quickly enough, was somehow anticipating this move even though she couldn't quite grasp the whole situation. She stepped out of his arms and glared up at him. His smiling face just angered her more. And as she watched his confident smile and dancing eyes, she understood exactly why she was so upset. "You were cheating on me in Washington, D.C.!" she said and her hand reached up to slap him. Unfortunately for her wrist, her hand didn't even come close to his face and he used her momentum to pull her into his arms. He held onto her wrist with one hand and pulled her hard against his body with the other, wrapping his other arm around her waist and holding her there easily despite her wiggling.

"I missed you too," he laughed.

Ana struggled, determined to not give in to his charm or the heat surging through her body with his touch this time. "You arrogant pig!" she hissed. "How dare you touch me after you cheated on me!"

Erik chuckled, delighted with her temper. For the past few minutes, ever since he'd figured things out for himself, he'd been wondering what her reaction would be. He was glad it was anger. He could deal with that. He smiled down at her lovely face, enchanted by her all over again. "I cheated on you with you. Doesn't that count for something?" he asked, enjoying her wiggling body as it moved against his.

"No!" she said emphatically, smacking his rock hard chest with her fist since her efforts to escape his embrace were futile. "You didn't know it was me. That doesn't count in my book."

He laughed, watching in fascination as her eyes changed from a misty blue to sparkling saphire. "True. But now that I've found you, I can guarantee that I'm going to enjoy our marriage. Admit it, you were pleasantly surprised as well, weren't you?"

Ana pushed against him again, wishing she could hurt him in some way but the man was just too big and too muscular. "No," she said emphatically. "I was dreading this day and now I think I'm going to be ill," she said, pushing against his hard chest in her efforts to escape. "I can't believe you flirted with me in the coffee shop the very day you were supposed to be getting ready for our engagement dinner!" She gasped again, "And you didn't even show up for that dinner! Do you have any idea how embarrassed I was that night? Your father had to escort me in to dinner! That was the ultimate humiliation," she said. "Everyone was whispering about how pathetic I was, standing there trying to keep a stiff upper lip when my future husband didn't even show me the courtesy of showing up for our engagement party! That was the epitome of rudeness."

He bent down and kissed her soft, porcelain cheek, careful not to touch her lips yet. With her current state of mind, he suspected she might bite him. "Don't be offended. I was searching for you all night," he said, his voice turning husky as his eyes looked at her lips. "You ran down the street and no one could find a trace of you. I was beating my security team up for losing sight of you and then not being able to find any trace of you. No other woman has ever gotten under my skin to the point that I would allow them to interfere in my obligations, Ana. You're the only one that has ever done that and I couldn't believe I wanted, needed you, so much after just a cup of coffee and conversation."

Ana shivered as his hand smoothed the small of her back and she leaned back in an effort to put just a small amount of space between their bodies. "Is that supposed to make me feel better?" she gritted between her teeth. "In other words, you had so little respect for me that you would search for another woman when you were supposed to be meeting me?" she snorted in disgust. "I can tell you aren't very well versed in the romance department," she said and relaxed against him, hoping a new tact would gain her freedom.

"Prince Erik!" a deep voice behind them said crisply.

It was Ana's brother Max and she had no idea how much he'd heard. "Could I have a word with you?" he asked formally.

Ana stepped out of Erik's embrace and turned around. "Go ahead. I have nothing further to say to this man," she said and walked calmly down the hallway toward her suite of rooms. She didn't want to hear anything her brother or Marcus...Erik...whatever name he wanted to be called...had to say, she told herself.

Erik watched the gentle sway of her hips as she walked regally down the hallway. He was proud of what a beautiful and graceful woman would someday become his queen. And he was equally excited about the woman who would become his wife. Fortunately, both were the same woman and it was a heady realization.

Belatedly, he remembered the man standing behind him and turned to face his future wife's brother. The look on the younger man's face showed his anger. "What can I do for you?" he asked, knowing Max had heard almost the entire conversation. At least the incriminating part, he grimaced inwardly.

"I understand you're a black belt and I was wondering if you could show me some of your moves in the gym?" Max said, his eyes never leaving Erik's face.

Erik smiled and nodded. "I'd be happy to oblige," he said. "Lead the way." Erik understood Max's message. The man was angry about the way his sister had been treated, both currently and previously in Washington, D.C.

In the gym, Erik and Max both took off their suit jackets, perfectly pressed shirts and ties, then dispensed with their shoes, socks and belts. The two men, bared to the chest, then moved onto the exercising mats and bowed to each other.

Once the formalities were over, the men immediately started circling each other, one waiting for the other to make the first move.

Max bent low, trying to determine the best way to get the man on the mat and in pain. "So you're the man who caused so much ruckus last week?" he asked.

"Ruckus?" Erik questioned, knowing he needed to track both the conversation as well as the angry man's movements in front of him.

"Let me rephrase that," Max said as he went on the offensive with a wide kick. "You're the man that hurt Ana."

Erik ducked from the kick and swung low, tripping Max onto his back. The man didn't stay down long, he swung up instantly and knocked Erik flat with a smack to his chest.

"I didn't mean to," Erik said, reeling from the good blow but instantly alert and waiting for the next kick or jab. Max had immediately shown Erik that he was a force to be reckoned with. Erik also knew that he needed to tread carefully. Max was out for blood because of a perceived hurt to his little sister. But Erik couldn't put the man down, since it would probably hurt Ana. What a predicament.

Max thrust to the left and caught Erik on the arm with a hard thud but both men remained standing. "What exactly did you mean to do? Just leave her hanging?"

"That's between Ana and me," he said, blocking the next swing and lashing out backwards.

Max flashed back instantly, ignoring the pain from the jab to his ribs. "And her family and her country. What you did you did to all of us and left her humiliated. I'm guessing you're also the man who took her away from the security of her family. Am I right?"

Erik ducked from Max's lunge and swung with a leg arching to the man's middle section. "Ana came away with me, yes. But she was perfectly safe with me. I had my body guards there as well."

Max circled the older man, searching for a weakness, considering all the angles before kicking out for a spot to his legs. "Don't kid yourself. Your body guards were there for you. If anything had happened to Ana, they would have been protecting you first and her second. Did you think of that when you flew off to who knows where?"

Erik jumped over the leg maneuver then swung around, wishing he could just end this confrontation but also enjoying the outlet. He had a lot of frustration pent up over the past week and this was as good as any. He swung out, knocking Max onto his back again. "Not true. Tim understood how important she was to me."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Max demanded. "Are you saying that, while you were supposed to be meeting your fiancee, you were actually taking another woman away for the weekend? Was Ana right about that?"

Obviously that really pissed Max off because he got in several kicks at that point. It was interesting that both siblings came to the same conclusion.

"Don't worry about Ana. She can take care of herself."

That infuriated Max and he swung out, nearly knocking Erik onto his back before spinning and jabbing into his ribs once again, hoping he hit the same spot and bruising it. "No, she can't. You don't know what she's been going through the past few weeks. First, you forget about her for years and let her think that the betrothal was going to be put aside, getting her hopes up that she'll have the freedom to choose her own husband. Then you and your father decide it is time for you to marry and all of a sudden she's taken out of her routine and told she's to marry what basically amounts to a stranger. Then she flies halfway across the world to meet that man and he's too busy to be with her because he's chasing someone else who just ironically happens to be the woman he's supposed to be meeting with. You broke her heart and now you think everything is going to be fine." With each sentence, Max either kicked or punched Erik. Erik was able to block half the kicks and jabs but some of them were too quick for him to block and he had the wind knocked out of him on several split second kicks.

Erik was beginning to understand how badly he'd messed up. Put into that context, he did sound like a cad. "I'll make it up to her," he promised.

Max swung around and kicked high, missing Erik who ducked. "How?" Max demanded. "By marrying her? I'm not sure that's what she's dreaming of exactly."

Erik swung high, knocking Max in the stomach then swirled on his heel for a second which Max blocked. "I'll find out what she is dreaming about and I'll make sure she gets it," Erik said with sincerity, blocked Max's next swing.

Max stopped and stood still, hands on his hips as he looked at the man opposite him. "Will you ever cheat on her?"

"No."

Max looked at the man for a long time, finally accepting that Erik was telling him the truth. "Good,"

"What are you two doing?" Ana said, rushing into the room, her hair flying out behind her.

Max wasn't finished. As soon as Ana distracted Erik, Max took a swing at his stomach with his left foot, doubling the older man over. Max knew it had been a cheap shot but he didn't care. "That's for hurting her last week," Max said and was astonished to see his little sister run over to where Erik was bent over, offering her sympathy and help.

Erik stood up quickly, still obviously in some discomfort. He put an arm around Ana's shoulders and smiled at her brother. "Good one," he said and saluted him as he allowed Ana to walk him over to a bench on the side of the gym.

Max picked up his clothes and put on his shoes and socks, draping his shirt over his broad shoulders but not bothering to button it up. "Don't ever let it happen again," Max said and walked out of the gym, his jacket and tie gripped in his right fist.

Ana glared at her brother's back, shooting daggers into his broad shoulders. But when he just sauntered out of the room without noticing, she turned back to face Erik and check out his wounds. "Are you okay?" she asked, looking over his body for broken bones. Ana knew her brother was extremely well versed in martial arts. She wasn't as sure about Erik's abilities.

"I'm fine," Erik said, but didn't stop her tender ministrations. They were like nectar to a starving man. "You're beautiful," he said, pulling her shining red hair over her shoulder and letting the fiery strands slip through his fingers.

"What were you two fighting about?"

"You."

His one word answer stopped her ministrations immediately. "What?" she asked, standing up and putting her hands on her slim hips.

Erik stood up and looked down into her delicate features. "He was defending your honor."

Ana stepped back and scowled. "I don't need any defending. My honor is fine."

Erik took a fiery lock of hair between his fingers, loving the silky texture. "It is now that we're going to be married."

"Uh!" she said disgustedly and spun around, whipping her hair out of his hands in the process. "How could you remind me of that? I've been trying desperately to forget that awful fact of life." She turned her back on him, crossing her arms over her chest as she chewed on her lower lip, her mind racing to figure out how to get out of this situation.

Erik chuckled and moved to stand in front of her, daring her to ignore him. "I didn't think it was very far from your mind. It is definitely a top priority of mine," he said more quietly and he leaned forward, wanting to test how far her Florence Nightingale feelings would extend.

She immediately stepped out of his reach. Obviously not very far, he grimaced. He knew he could pull her into his arms and kiss her and she would respond. But he also knew her well enough to know that she would still be angry after the kiss was over. He might as well deal with her angry feelings and get them out of the way first.

He took one of her hands in his and kissed the soft skin on her wrist. "Talk to me Ana. What can I do to make things right?"

"You can't," she said stubbornly, pulling her hand away quickly for fear that he'd see how much she loved his touch. Turning her back on him was her only defense. "It won't work, Marcus...I mean Erik," she finished off sarcastically, furious that she didn't even know what his name was.

He placed his hands on her shoulders and gently turned her around. Looking down into her furious green eyes, he said, "There has to be some way. We're going to be married in two weeks time. We have parades and all sorts of odd happenings over the next two weeks, all of which we will have to appear together. You're going to have to get over this and the only way to do it is to get to know each other all over again and learn to trust each other."

"No." She crossed her arms over her chest and stared back at him.

Erik smiled at her stubbornness. He didn't think it would help his cause if he told her how cute she looked digging her heels in like this. "Ana, you're being silly."

Ana walked toward the doorway and shrugged her shoulders. "Marcus, or Erik, whatever your name is, I don't know who you think you are but I intend to figure out a way out of this. I won't live my whole life wondering if you've found someone better than me and have that person tucked away in one of your estates like you were offering to do with me."

"Well, then, you leave me only one option," he said but didn't continue. He waited for his words to sink in.

"I don't want to hear your option," she said and continued walking. She made it all the way to the doorway before her curiosity got the better of her. "What?" she demanded.

He closed the distance between the two of them until he was right in front of her. Looking down into her angry green eyes, he smiled and said softly, "I'll just have to make love to you until you cry out your true feelings for me. I think you're in love with me. I intend to prove it."

Ana was shaking her head before he'd finished. "No," she whispered, already knowing she was weak where he was concerned. "Don't you come near me," she said and took a step backwards, then stumbled over her feet in her haste to get out of the gym and away from the heat of his body.

As soon as she made it back to her rooms, she saw the message and groaned. Her mother was requesting a meeting. Ana only had a few minutes to get herself together before she showed up.

The knock on the door came only moments after Ana finished pulling a brush through her hair. Her mother then stood in her doorway, looking around to see who else was in the room.

"Where's Prince Erik?" she asked, walking into the room.

"I don't know," Ana said, pretending an indifference she didn't feel.

"I thought the two of you were just in the gym together?"

Ana was amazed. "Mother, is there anything that happens in this palace that you don't know about seconds after it happens?"

Natasha laughed. "Of course, but it doesn't have to do with my family so I don't pay any attention to it. But you, my dear, are very important to me so I do keep tabs on what is happening with you."

Natasha sat down on one of the sofas and looked eagerly at her daughter. "So? What do you think of Prince Erik now that you've finally met him?"

"I don't like him,' Ana said. "But does it matter?"

"No," her mother laughed. "And I don't believe you're telling me the truth. He's the man you went away with, isn't he?" she asked.

Ana froze. "I'm sorry?" pretending to not understand her mother's question. She wasn't ready to admit everything to her mother, despite the fact that she was desperate to ask her for advice.

Natasha smiled at her daughter's obvious lie. "He's the man you fell in love with in America, isn't he?"

"Love?" she squeaked.

Natasha smiled gently. "Yes, dear. A simple stranger couldn't engender this kind of emotion within you. You're too strong willed to let some silly man do this to you."

Ana stood up and started pacing the room again. "So he is."

"Well, then, that solves that," Natasha said and stood up. "How are the dress fittings coming? I understand you have several for the upcoming balls. I've seen the dresses you chose and they are lovely."

Ana crossed her arms over her chest. "Mother, does it matter that I don't like him? Or trust him?'

Natasha moved over to place her hands on her daughter's stiff shoulders. "You like him more than you want to and you definitely trust him. Or you never would have fallen in love with him.'

"Thank you, Natasha," a deep voice said from the doorway.

Ana swung around to face the man under discussion. She noticed that he had his shirt, coat and tie back in place and looked like he'd never been out of them. "I didn't invite you in," Ana said rudely.

"Ana!" her mother gasped. "You can't speak to him that way," she said and started turning toward Erik to apologize.

He stopped her with a wave of his hand. "Don't worry about it. But could I have some time alone with her? She and I have a lot to discuss."

Natasha nodded her head. "Absolutely. Dinner will be on the veranda in three hours," she said and slipped out of the room.

There was silence for a long time before Erik spoke. "Are you going to admit to it? Or do I have to force it out of you," he said just as his hands touched her arms from behind.

"Neither. I think you should leave."

Erik chuckled. "I don't mind. I'd like doing this the hard way," he said and spun her around so she was off balance. Ana fell into his arms, her hands gripping the muscles of his biceps to keep her from falling onto the floor.

"What are you..." Ana couldn't finish her sentence because she looked up into his eyes and the heat in his gaze stole her breath away.

"I'm going to kiss you," he said and didn't give her time to protest. His lips touched hers and he smothered her protests.

Ana wasn't immune to the heat of the kiss. She melted in his arms, her own creeping up to wrap around his shoulders. He stood her up and she leaned into his body, craving the touch that she'd missed for so many weeks.

After several long minutes, he pulled back and looked into her eyes. "I'm sorry I hurt you," he said.

"Erik, this isn't going to work," she said, leaning her forehead against his chest.

He pulled her closer, loving the feel of her soft body against is. "Yes, it will. We'll make it work. I guarantee it."

She pulled back slightly but again, he wouldn't let her out of his embrace. "No. You're just like my brother. He needs variety in his women. I don't think the man has been with one woman for more than a couple weeks."

"That might have been true before I met you. But now, it isn't accurate. There's a difference."

"What's that?" she asked, wishing she didn't care.

"I love you."

Ana's eyes snapped up to his, wondering if he was telling her the truth. "Why?"

Erik laughed. "I have no idea. Maybe because you got under my skin and I couldn't stop thinking about you. All I know is that I've been going nuts since we parted in Grand Cayman and I don't think I'll ever let you go."

"So I'm like a thorn in your side?"

"More like a need than a thorn. You make the day worth getting up for," he said, pulling her closer to hug her. "It isn't just sex, Ana. I could have gotten that from anyone. It's you I want."

"Why?"

"Because I love you. And you love me."

"How do you know?" she asked, smiling at his arrogance.

"Because you never would have gone to bed with me if you didn't."

She laughed at his comment. "It was because I'd read in the newspaper that you were out dancing with another woman at a night club. I wanted to get back at you. I just didn't know it would be with you."

Erik smiled but shook his head. "No, you would have done some thing else if you hadn't already loved me. But you can use that excuse all you want," he said and bent over.

Ana had no idea what he was going to do so she was unprepared when he tossed her over his shoulder and carried her into the bedroom. "What are you doing?" she asked, trying to see through her hair that was now hanging over her face. "This really isn't princess like behavior. I'm supposed to be steeped in decorum," she said, laughing as he tossed her onto the soft bed in her bedroom.

"I like my princess to be more on the wild side," he said and followed her down.

He kissed her, his hands framing her face as he did so. "I love you, Ana. Please marry me," he said.

Ana threw her hands around his neck. "Okay. And it's just our luck that we have this silly wedding already planned," she said happily.

"Isn't that convenient?" he laughed as well before bending down to kiss her gently, showing her how much he loved her with his hands and his body as well as with words.

Chapter 10

Ana looked down the aisle, taking a deep breath as she listened to the pipe organ play the wedding march.

"Are you ready?" Marabeth asked, searching her sister's features for any sign of sadness or frustration and finding none.

"I'm ready," Ana claimed, a little nervous about walking down the aisle but only because of all the eyes that would be focused on her. Even being a royal princess and living in the public eye couldn't prepare her for this moment when thousands of eyes will be watching her, television cameras whizzing and photographers flashing their cameras in her face. But she wasn't nervous about what she'd find at the end. Ana knew that Erik was there, waiting for her, ready and willing to make their future together with love as the force binding them throughout the years. The politics had settled their betrothal but love would guide them through the rest of their lives.

"Here we go," Marabeth said, and squeezed her sister's hand only moments before she stepped out into the cathedral and walked down the aisle as the maid of honor.

Ana waited and watched, remembering what she'd been told. As soon as Marabeth reached the end of the long aisle, the music changed and Ana knew that it was her turn. She stood up straighter and took her father's arm, smiling up at him with excitement. "Let's go," she said.

At the end of the aisle, Erik saw her and his eyes told her everything she needed to know. It wasn't the betrothal contract, or the sex or the obligations of either title. It was love that had brought them together.

"I love you," he whispered as she moved to stand beside him.

"I love you too," she said. Then both laughed as they turned to face the minister who rolled his eyes at the couple claiming their love before the ceremony even began. "Dearly beloved...."

