Chapter 1

Zoe Parker stared at the piece of paper detailing her company's financials, closed her eyes for a moment while she took a deep, calming breath, and then opened her eyes so she could look one more time. Unfortunately, the numbers didn't change! She took another deep breath and tried to calm down. Something had to be incorrect because this balance simply couldn't be accurate.

That negative sign before the ending total surely couldn't be right! There had to be a mistake, someone had calculated the amounts wrong or a number entered incorrectly.

With shaking fingers, she dialed her bank, not even patient enough to deal with an e-mail which she normally would have preferred to use. That negative balance at the bottom of the page was too terrifying to wait for an e-mail response.

When she finally reached a human being, Zoe gave the teller her account information and all the pertinent information. "Can you confirm my company's bank balance?" she asked, almost whispering through the phone.

When the woman read off the amount, it was the exact same amount that was on her statement. "But how can that be?" she asked, trying to think and not let the panic overwhelm her. "The balance on last month's statement was..." she rifled through the papers on her desk and came up with the prior month's statement, "It was over one hundred thousand dollars," she said, swallowing painfully.

"That's correct ma'am, but there was a large payment made one week ago, a check submitted to a bank in the Cayman Islands."

Zoe was already shaking her head. "No. That can't be correct. There's a mistake. I don't do business with anyone in the Cayman Islands."

There was a moment of silence on the other end of the phone, then some tapping on a keyboard. "I'm sending a scan of the check to you now."

Zoe gripped the phone with one hand while she pulled her keyboard closer with the other, typing in the password to get to her e-mail account. "I see it," she said and pressed the key that would open up the check. As she stared at it, she started shaking. "No, this isn't possible. We don't have any business with this vendor. I don't understand."

"There have been over a dozen other checks made to that account in the past ten months, ma'am," the teller explained kindly. "Could this possibly be a matter that we need to bring the police in on?" she asked politely.

Zoe nodded her head, then realized that the teller couldn't see her. "Yes. I believe this is definitely a matter for the police. I think there's been a mistake. Let me call my accountant and I'll get back to you."

She hung up the phone and quickly dialed Andrew Miller's private office, her fingers almost missing the numbers they were shaking so violently. The phone line didn't pick up although she let it ring more than twenty times. She hung up the phone and jumped about a foot when someone knocked on her door.

"Look at this fabric!" her assistant Debbie said, bubbling over with excitement as she showed Zoe a bolt of butter yellow silk satin that seemed to change colors as Debbie moved it in the light. One moment it was buttercup yellow, the next it was a shimmering peacock green. "Isn't it amazing?"

Any other time, Zoe would have instantly moved from her desk to her drawing board, coming up with several dress designs that would suit fabric so stunning. But right at the moment, there was no creative inspiration, no designs zinging through her mind and no price point on which to sell the final design. There was nothing but a paralyzing fear of what the future of her clothing design company might be if she didn't find her accountant and get this mess straightened out with the bank.

"It's lovely," Zoe replied with as much enthusiasm as she could muster under the circumstances.

Unfortunately, Debbie wasn't fooled. "What's wrong?" she asked, placing the bolt of fabric onto the table. "Did Justin break it off like you were expecting?"

Zoe had completely forgotten about her wayward boyfriend who had missed the last few dates they had set up. This morning, Zoe had been pretty blase about the whole thing, not hurt at all by Justin's defection. In fact, she'd actually been relieved because she knew she wasn't interested in Justin although she'd tried very hard this time around to show more interest. Her friends had been teasing her about her lack of romance, and all because she refused to settle for lukewarm ardor from a man. She'd experienced intense passion once, although it was a long, long time ago. They all told her that mind blowing, finger zinging passion didn't truly exist, except in her imagination and she needed to be more realistic and give men more of a chance.

Zoe had tried, but she just couldn't settle. She'd never been one to settle in her life, which was why she'd been able to create her own company, manufacturing her own designs every quarter with seven percent annual growth over the past four years. She'd never settled romantically either, although she'd dated some genuine losers over the years trying to recreate that passion she'd experience once.

"Justin wasn't one of those liars or cheats you've dated in the past," Debbie was saying. "He was the genuine article. He was one of those nice, sweet, dependable guys a woman can count on and settle down with. You even ran a background check on him, nothing came up. So what was the problem?"

Zoe shook her head, her long, brown hair falling about her shoulders over the long sleeved red sheath dress she'd worn today, reminding her that she was supposed to meet Justin for lunch. "Justin and I didn't break up," she said. "But I have something urgent to do." Her mind worked frantically to come up with an excuse that wouldn't throw her friend and assistant into the same panic Zoe was currently fighting. "The fabrics for the spring line are held up so I need to find another supplier," she lied, coming up with the first thing she could think of. She hated lying to Debbie who had been with her since the beginning, hanging on during the troubled times with late nights, no sleep, pricked fingers, crazy vendors, clients and employees as well as lots of tears and laughter. Zoe couldn't tell her friend that the business might be bankrupt. Not right now anyway.

"Ugh!" Debbie replied, rolling her eyes. "If that supplier didn't have the best fabric designs, I'd tell you to find someone else. But they really are spectacular," she said and backed out of the office. "I'll leave that with you anyway," indicating the iridescent yellow fabric. "I can't wait to see what you come up with for that color," she said and closed the door once again.

As soon as she was alone again, Zoe's office was once again thrown into stunned, horrified silence. The work room beyond her office filled with more than fifty staff members were all laughing and chatting as they worked hard to finish the orders for the current fall line which was due to be mailed by Friday. Since it was Wednesday already, they had only two days left. Thankfully, this crew was loyal and dedicated and the previous pattern of crazy time crunch and late nights in order to meet the supply order deadlines wasn't going to happen this quarter.

Zoe picked up the phone once again and called her accountant's home phone number. She almost started crying when the mechanical voice told her that the phone had been disconnected.

Grabbing her purse, she raced out of the office, waving to anyone who called out to her. Normally, she would stop and answer questions but today, the crisis was just too ghastly.

In her car, she sped out of the parking lot behind her building, slipping sunglasses on as she exited from the alley into the bright sunshine. This couldn't be happening, she thought, trying to remain as calm as possible. There was too much money involved, too many lives that would be impacted if her suspicions were correct.

Three hours later, her whole body ached. She let herself into her loft apartment, slipped her feet out of her shoes, and then curled up on the multi colored sofa. The loft was basically the only thing she had left. She had no money to make payroll, which was due in five days. Apparently, she hadn't been paying her suppliers for the past three months and there was no trace of her accountant. His office was even cleared out, not even a desk was left and the trash had been taken out. Not a scrap of paper or furniture anywhere in the suite where he'd previously had several assistants working diligently. His house out in the suburbs was empty with a "Sold" sign in the front yard. There wasn't even a newspaper in the driveway, so thoroughly had the place been cleaned out and shut down.

Apparently her accountant had been planning this for months, stocking up the money she'd entrusted to him to pay her bills and make her payroll. He'd wiped her out. She had some money in her private account, but that was only enough to cover her personal bills each month. She didn't take a salary, putting everything back into her business so even that amount would run dry very soon.

She'd been trying desperately hard to come up with explanations for the lack of funding, but when she'd found Andrew's home empty, she couldn't deny the truth any longer. She'd been robbed. Her accountant had embezzled all her money and she had nothing left. Nothing but her clothes.

She'd gone to the police and filed a report, but their initial search had shown that Andrew had already left the country, his passport number showing him leaving the Unites States through the Miami Airport yesterday afternoon, heading to Grand Cayman. There wasn't anything she could do from that end, but they would pursue some leads and check with his other clients to see if they had also been robbed.

It didn't matter that she was the victim of a crime and that the police were now involved to try and help, she'd still lose her company, the people who were relying on her for their livelihoods would be distraught as well because they wouldn't be able to meet their mortgage payments or put food on their tables for their families. The man had stolen millions of dollars from her over the past few years. And what was worse, she'd given him the ability to do it. The responsibility was all on her shoulders.

She'd failed. She'd failed her entire staff and she had no idea how to tell them.

The tears were falling freely now that she was alone. Her loft was silent except for the light sounds of traffic outside her windows. A part of her mind told her she should make herself something for dinner, but she simply couldn't get up off the sofa, despite the fact that she hadn't eaten anything since her cup of coffee this morning.

The knock on the door made her jump, but she didn't get up. She simply stared at the wall, praying that whoever was knocking would simply assume she was not here and go away.

"Zoe! I know you're in there and I know something is horribly wrong," Debbie called out through the metal door. "I'm not leaving until we talk."

Zoe smiled through the tears rushing down her cheeks, blinking to try and get control over her emotions. She sat up and looked in the mirror over her fireplace. Her cheeks were pink and eyes red, but she would have to come up with something to tell Debbie, but not the truth. Not yet. Zoe wasn't ready for everyone to know how horribly she'd failed.

As she padded barefoot over to the door, she took several deep breaths, hoping the extra oxygen would even out her skin tone and hide the effects of the second worse day in her life. Possibly the worst, she thought sarcastically because the day wasn't over yet.

Pasting a bright smile on her face, she pulled the metal door open. "What's up Debbie?" she asked.

Debbie stood in the hallway, her eyes taking in all the details of her friend's face. After several moments, she shook her head and pushed her way into the apartment. "What's happened? What's wrong?"

Zoe sighed and closed the door, following Debbie in her purple and black dress that would be overwhelming on someone with less of a personality. But Debbie could pull it off somehow. On Debbie, drama seemed...right. Ignoring Debbie's fashion choices, Zoe sighed and crossed her arms over her stomach, hoping to hide the worst of the trauma. "Oh, just a tough day."

"Was it man problems like I guessed earlier this morning?"

Zoe pounced on that excuse, not wanting to panic her friend just yet. "Yes. Justin didn't show up for lunch again today. I'm going to dump him. It wasn't working out anyway."

Debbie moved over to the kitchen, tossing her purple ruffled shawl over one of the painted wooden bar stools, this one orange which clashed even more with her deep purple shawl. With a thunk, she placed the canvas bag onto the counter which was actually a recycled old barn door, the rough wood sanded down and coated with a polyurethane coating to prevent splinters. "Justin called from the restaurant wondering where you were. He was worried about you."

With that little bombshell dropped, Debbie pulled out two bottles of red wine and watched Zoe's expression. When the tears started, she pulled out two pints of ice cream, one cherry vanilla, the other chunky monkey. "Is there something wrong with your mom?" she asked.

Zoe sighed, her shoulders slumping in as the totality of her failure overwhelmed her. "I wasn't lying about the men problems."

"I'm guessing that some guy did something horrible to you. Since you're still dressed, it wasn't a rape. Since you're in bare feet and not your slippers, it has to be monumental. And since you're not downstairs working with the others to make the fall delivery deadline, it has to have something to do with the company. So spill the beans. What is it?"

Zoe laughed through her tears and shook her head, somehow comforted that her friend and co-worker knew her so well. "Are you going to keep pulling things out of that bag?"

Debbie nodded. "Depending on how bad it is, I have something for each problem. So spill it, darling. Did someone die?"

Zoe gasped and shook her head. "No! Nothing like that."

"Then you won't need the chocolates," Debbie replied, taking her hand out of her canvas bag.

Zoe laughed and ran over to her friend, throwing her arms around her shoulders and giving her a bear hug. "Oh, Debbie, what would I have done all these years without you by my side to help me through all this insanity?"

"You probably would be one dress size smaller than you are now, because I'm the one who thinks all problems can be solved, or at least ignored for a little while, by eating. Since you're already a skinny little creative genius, I don't care that I've fattened you up a bit. So what's going on?" she asked, pulling open a cabinet and getting two wine glasses, then sliding open a drawer for the spoons, pushing the cherry vanilla to Zoe and taking the chunky monkey for herself while she slid onto the hunter green bar stool beside Zoe. "Tell me. Whatever it is, we'll get through this just like we have all the other crises in the past four years."

Zoe laughed, but that only made her crying worse. "You'd better hand me the chocolates," she said, using the napkin Debbie handed her to wipe her tears away. "Or maybe you shouldn't. When you hear what has happened, you'll hate me and I'll deserve all your animosity because I've messed up supremely bad."

"That bad, huh?" she asked, then slid the box of expensive chocolates across the counter. Pouring the wine, she said, "You'd better spill it because my mind might not be as imaginative as yours, but it's coming up with some pretty awful things right now."

Zoe took a long sip of the wine, unable to appreciate the heady taste of the excellent brand Debbie had brought. She then set her glass down, took a deep breath and looked away from her friend as she said, "Andrew stole all the money from the company. I have nothing to pay the teams, no way to pay the current set of suppliers, and he hasn't paid them for the past three months. The police have a report filed on him, but apparently he's already off on some extravagant, and I'm guessing long term vacation in the Caribbean and as soon as the creditors find out about all this, they're going to demand payment, of which I have no way to make. That means that our clients will also back out because we won't be able to function on credit, nor will we be able to set up for the spring collection."

After she finished saying all that, she took another long sip of wine, set the glass down and waited in silence as Debbie absorbed everything Zoe had just told her.

When the silence continued, Zoe couldn't take it any longer. With trepidation, she looked over at her friend, her heart breaking as she saw the stunned look of horror on her face. "My sentiments exactly," she said, and the tears started once more.

Zoe turned away and took another long sip of wine, draining her wine glass, then lifted the bottle and poured more. Zoe couldn't look at her friend, but the empty wine glass that appeared next to her newly filled one told her how much her news had impacted Debbie. Without a word, Zoe filled Debbie's wine glass as well.

"This calls for Sinatra," Debbie said and took her glass of wine over to Zoe's book shelves. They were the cheap kind, made of pine with only the supports and the shelves, but they worked in Zoe's loft, fitting in with all the other eclectic pieces and colors. Debbie turned on the old fashioned stereo and put on a Sinatra record, swaying to the static filled music as she walked back to Zoe.

Putting her arms around her friend, Debbie took a deep breath. "We've been through some tough times before. This won't bring down the company. You've worked too hard to let it die now."

Debbie's absolute show of confidence and support broke all of Zoe's control. Her shoulders slumped and her head fell down, resting on her arms as she let the sobs break through. Debbie just stood there, holding Zoe as they both cried out the pain and disappointment over the day's revelations.

When Zoe was able to take a deep breath, Debbie pulled her over to the sofa. "Come on, let's talk this through. We have to figure out what to do about this. There's a solution somewhere."

Zoe took a deep breath and followed her friend, holding the ice cream and spoon close with one hand and the glass of wine and wine bottle in the other.

Debbie sat down and both of them propped their feet up on the coffee table, took a large scoop of ice cream, drank a long sip of wine and each ate a piece of decadent chocolate.

With all the essentials covered for the moment, Zoe asked, "How big is Grand Cayman?"

"I don't know," Debbie replied, her mouth full of ice cream. "Is that where this bastard is hiding out?"

"According to his passport papers, he is."

"I don't know how large it is, but it can't be larger than one of the states and we drive across that just for a weekend getaway. We could just fly down there and find the little weasel and demand our money back."

"There's a problem with that idea," Zoe said, downing half her glass of wine.

Debbie took another bite of ice cream. "What's that? Sounds simple enough to me."

"I don't have any money to get there."

"I'll pay for it."

Zoe laughed. "You don't have any money either. Remember? I can't pay you."

"Bob still has his job. He'll pay," she said, referring to her husband of ten years.

"He can't pay for anything because you can't reach him most of the time. He's working for that guy you call 'The Evil One', the guy that makes him work twenty hour days, remember?"

"Hmm...I remember," Debbie replied, filling her mouth with ice cream. "Okay, what's your idea?"

Zoe thought for a long moment. "Maybe we could build a boat to get down there. We could cut up all the cutting tables downstairs."

"And use the fabrics for a sail since we can't afford gasoline." '

"There you go!" Zoe laughed, her toes tapping to the sounds of Sinatra as he belted out 'New York, New York'.

"See? There's a solution to every problem!" Debbie announced, re-filling both of their glasses.

The two of them finished off the ice cream, the second bottle of wine and most of the chocolates by midnight, laughing hysterically at some of the ideas they were coming up with. Zoe was still miserable, but after two bottles of wine, she wasn't really acknowledging the pain any longer.

"Whose phone is that?" Zoe asked, squinting at her watch as she tried to figure out what time it was. "And why would anyone be calling at this time of the night?" She hiccupped as she worked at deciphering the time, "Or morning," she said when she finally realized it was close to one in the morning.

"Ah, that must be my phone, indicating that my darling husband has finally come home and realized that his loving and ever sweet wife is not there pining away for him."

Zoe groaned. "I can't believe how many hours that man works."

Debbie struggled to sit up and find her purse, which had been nudged under the sofa during one of their forays into the kitchen for another bottle of wine. "I get to see him some weekends," she joked as she pulled the phone out from her purse, still lying on the floor as she answered sweetly, "Helloooo!"

Zoe thought about laughing, but was too afraid it would come out as a sob so she just took another sip of wine.

"Of course you are! Why would anything be different?" she said with a groan. "So what time are you going to pick me up at Zoe's place?" she asked.

Zoe raised one eyebrow, frowning at the fact that her friend's husband was obviously still at work.

"An hour?" Debbie glanced at the bottle of wine, seeing that it was still half full. "That should work," she replied happily. "Don't you dare be late!" And she hung up the phone.

"Okay, we have about two more hours to down this one, finish the next and come up with some sort of solution to this pickle."

Zoe giggled at the idea of her business going bankrupt, her employees being furious and possibly losing their houses or not being able to feed their families as a "pickle". This was so much more, but she couldn't think about that right now. More wine would fix that, she told herself and filled up both their glasses one more time.

They continued to laugh and talk, coming up with even more outrageous ideas as they finished off the rest of the wine. When the doorbell rang, Debbie was the only one able to get up and make her way to the doorway. Zoe thought about it, but her legs just wouldn't hold her up, so she sank to the floor by the sofa and tipped up her wineglass, frustrated when she came up empty.

"Ah, my loving husband, come to take me home," Debbie said from the doorway. Zoe closed her eyes and chuckled.

"No making fun of him," Zoe called out. "He's not sitting on the floor after...." She squinted at the coffee table trying to count the empty bottles of wine, "several" she compromised, "bottles of wine."

"Very true," a deep voice said from her left. Zoe turned her head and squinted up.

"You!" She struggled to sit up so she didn't look so foolish, but only fell more to the side, almost flat on the floor as her mind saw the man who had ruined her for so many other men over the years. Sighing, she closed her eyes. "You're just a figment of my overactive imagination," she said and pulled an orange pillow off her sofa to cushion her head from the wooden floor. "Go away, I don't believe that it's really you." Then her eyes popped open as a terrible thought occurred to her. "You're not Debbie's husband, are you?" she gasped.

The tall, extremely rugged man bent down to look into her eyes. "You know exactly who I am, Zoe," he replied, his amused expression surveying her red dress and bare legs. "Even drunk and flat on your back, you look just as beautiful now as you did all those years ago."

Zoe waved him aside, ignoring his compliment. "Go away. You're not needed here. You've caused enough havoc in my life and I won't allow you to do anymore damage."

"What havoc and damage have I caused you?" he asked, turning to Debbie's husband and waving to let him know that he would take over from here. "Thanks for the tip Jeff. I'll see you in the office tomorrow to discuss the details."

Zoe shook her head, then reached up with both hands to stop her spinning head. "That wasn't a good move," she groaned. She peeked out of her squinted eyes and looked up. "Why are you still here? I told you to leave."

"I'm here to help."

Zoe laughed. "Help? Do you know what you did to me?"

Marco DiAngelo looked down at the gorgeous, sexy woman in red who was lying on the floor, her long, shapely legs demurely crossed at the angles despite the inebriated state he knew her to be in. "What happened here?" he asked, sitting down in the plum colored chair facing the multi-colored sofa. The colors shouldn't go together, but somehow, the whole loft filled with crazy colors and odd shapes, items used in unusual ways like the tea pots re-cycled as pendant lights or the tea cups in the chandelier. It was beyond eclectic, but he liked it.

"Tell me what I did to you," he encouraged, wanting to know what she was thinking. Zoe Anderson was more beautiful now than she'd been when she was eighteen years old. She'd fulfilled every promise of brains and beauty he'd thought back then and now, confronted with her like this, he would take every advantage he could to understand this woman.

"You know exactly what you did. And all the guys I've dated since then have suffered."

"What, exactly, did I do?"

Zoe yawned widely, and snuggled down into the pillow more. "You know. And I hate you for it. But it doesn't matter now. I'm ruined so you've had your ultimate revenge."

"What's my ultimate revenge?"

"You know. Please leave so I can...." She didn't finish that thought, but instead fell asleep, curled up on the floor as if a bed were superfluous and the hard, wood floor was perfect. The wine and sugar combining finally to knock her out, temporarily easing her mind from her desperate situation.

Marco watched as this tiny little woman snuggled down onto what must be a painfully uncomfortable floor. Glancing at the number of empty wine bottles on the coffee table, he suspected that she was out for the night. He glanced at his watch and corrected himself, she was probably out for the next day.

With resignation, he bent down and lifted her into his arms, wondering how a grown woman could weigh so little. He wasn't exactly sure where her bedroom was, but he suspected it was up the long flight of pine and steel stairs that was somehow attached to the ceiling.

Climbing the stairs, he took advantage of her slumber to notice the smaller details. She'd definitely filled out, he thought as he laid her down onto her bed and unzipped the dynamite looking red dress. No wonder she'd done so well in the clothing business if she wore her own designs. He liked looking at her in this dress almost as much as he liked taking it off of her.

She'd been a teenager when he'd last seen her. As he slid the dress down her shoulders, revealing the almost nothing red bra and underwear, he noted that she was definitely no longer a teenager. She'd filled out in some areas, and shrunk in others. Her breasts were full and more than a handful while her waist was tiny and her stomach contoured in ways that made his mouth water to slide his hand along the length. His hands also itched to see if they could wrap around her little waist, but he didn't think she'd be very appreciative of his discovery in the morning. Her legs were long and gorgeous and would definitely create some great fantasies, he thought.

When he'd finally pulled the dress down her hips, he covered her sleeping form with the white duvet cover, watching her snuggle into the softness of the mattress.

Glancing at his watch once again, he flipped open his phone and made several calls. An hour later, he had a better idea of what was going on with Zoe Alexander and was both impressed with her brains, ingenuity and smarts and exasperated with her naivete. How could she have handed over so much control to her accountant? And why no quarterly auditor? That was just standard procedure. Hell, he would do it monthly with Zoe, since she was just too damn trusting.

Grabbing her house keys, he made sure that her door was locked up before he left the building. Out of curiosity, he went down to the work rooms below and took a look around, skimming through her designs and was impressed with everything he saw.

She wasn't going to like the deal he was going to offer her, but she'd take it. Or she'd lose all of this and he wasn't going to let that happen.

Chapter 2

The pain in her head was unrelenting and Zoe tried to cover her eyes, hoping that it was the light streaming down on her that was causing her all the pain. When even the darkness hurt, she thought it would be better if she woke up and solved the problem more thoroughly. But then she moved, and Zoe knew that solving any problems right at the moment was out of the question.

Memories of the night before came back to her slowly. And then the events of the day and she groaned, wishing the pain throbbing in her head would break through the torment she was feeling over the failure of her business.

The noises downstairs hurt her head and she wanted to yell at whoever was making so much noise, but the effort was too painful. Besides, it was probably Debbie who was in the same situation she was in.

Then Zoe remembered that Debbie had left. Her husband had arrived to pick her up and take her home. Leaving her here with....

No, Marco couldn't be here. There was no way he'd found her and was here in her loft. Wishful thinking, she persuaded herself. Or not so wishful thinking, considering how they'd left things so many years ago. The last time she saw him, the day after their devastating kiss that had rocked her world completely, he'd been standing at his father's poolside, with another woman draped across him and laughing at whatever that ugly witch had been saying.

"Are you getting up?" a deep voice called from below her.

Zoe opened her eyes and looked around. That definitely wasn't Debbie's voice.

She lifted her head, cringing from the pain that movement caused and laid her head down. She'd just been imagining someone calling to her. Or maybe Debbie was sick and her throat sounded funny. They'd started singing along with Sinatra at some point during the night, which would account for why her own throat was so sore.

"The aspirin is down here on the counter. Come on down and get it. Coffee is ready as well."

Coffee sounded extremely good, but why did she have to go all the way down there to get it?

Well, since she wasn't sure who was in her loft, it was a crazy thing to want them to bring her coffee up here to her bedroom.

She tried to swing her legs over the side of her bed, then decided against it, preferring the stranger downstairs to bring her the coffee rather than her coming down there to get it. The last option just wasn't happening right now.

"Zoe, if you don't come down here and get some coffee, I'll bring it to you. But I'm not sure if I can resist those very tempting pieces of nothing you were wearing underneath that dress last night. If you want to risk it, I'm all for it."

Zoe gasped and looked down underneath the covers. Sure enough, she was wearing only her red lace bra and underwear.

That realization overcame her need to not move. In fact, she moved very quickly, grabbing her robe from the top of the chair beside her bed where she'd put it yesterday morning after her shower. Sliding her arms into the sleeves, then standing up and belting the robe closed, she peered down over the side of the bedroom area.

Since the kitchen was directly underneath her bedroom area, and everything was open, she couldn't see anything into her kitchen without toppling over the iron balustrade.

She'd have to venture downstairs to find out if....

No, she didn't want to know. Stepping backwards, she moved into the bathroom and closed the door. Looking at her face in the mirror she was horrified at her appearance. Between the crying, the drinking and sleep, her mascara was smeared underneath her eyes, she had no more lipstick on, and her hair looked like someone had styled it with a blender and then stuck her finger in an electric socket. Her skin was painfully pale and her head was still pounding.

Shower! Warm water, definitely some soap and makeup. Yes, that would help.

Turning on the warm water, she lathered herself with soap, trying to scrub away the terrible feelings of the day before. A fresh start, a new perspective, that's all she needed to try and figure out a way out of this mess. Surely there was some way she could get herself out of debt and maintain her business. She'd have to work fast, and....

"I brought you some coffee. It will probably help," a deep voice said from the other side of the shower curtain.

Zoe's yelp was sharp and painful but she didn't take the time to recover. Pulling the frosted shower curtain closer, she peered around the edge. Sure enough, there he was, in the flesh. Marco DiAngelo, most gorgeous man in town, confident, cocky and arrogant. And the man hadn't changed.

"What are you doing in my bathroom?" she demanded.

The smile lurking on his rough, rugged mouth actually made her blush. "Enjoying the view?" he replied casually, leaning a shoulder against the bathroom doorway. "Are you going to take the cup or am I going to get a closer look?"

Zoe followed the path of his eyes and looked through the shower curtain, yelping once again when she realized that, by pulling the shower curtain against her body, she was actually making the material almost transparent. "Get out!" she screamed and jumped back from the shower curtain. "Get out of here right now!"

His reply was another deep chuckle. A moment later, his tanned, lightly haired arm reached in and set the cup of coffee down on the side of the bathtub. "Come on downstairs when you're finished and we'll talk."

Zoe stared at the cup of coffee, her mouth almost salivating over the need to take a sip, but afraid of moving out of the corner of her shower until she heard the door to the bathroom click shut. When it finally did, she sagged against the wall in relief. Marco, after all these years, was much, much hotter than he'd been that summer after she'd finished high school. Much more rugged, more appealing, more confident...and decidedly more dangerous.

With her head pounding, she didn't have the luxury of ignoring the coffee. Reaching out, she took the cup, but peeked around the shower curtain to make sure he was truly out of her bathroom. With a sigh of relief, she noted that she was alone once again.

Possibly not for long, she thought. He'd done it once and he could easily step right back into the bathroom. Unfortunately, the door was too far from the shower stall to reach out and easily lock without stepping out and dripping water all over the floor. Instead, she washed and conditioned as quickly as she could, gritting her teeth against the throbbing pain in her head.

When she was finished, she had another problem to deal with. She had her robe, but it didn't seem like adequate coverage when she had nothing else to wear and Marco was downstairs, with no doors or walls to hide behind. Unfortunately, her closet was across the bedroom from her bathroom.

There was nothing to do but step out and get her clothes.

As soon as she stepped out of the bathroom, she was struck by two things. One, the smell of something absolutely delicious and fattening was cooking down in her kitchen and, two, that arrogant, irritating man had already gone through her clothes and laid out an outfit for her.

As if she would actually wear the dress he'd chosen, she thought, stomping past the bed where the orange, red and yellow flowered dress was laying. As she passed by though, she realized that he'd even laid out underwear!

Of all the gall! She felt the blush creeping up her neck all the way to her hairline as she looked at the lacy, almost nothing pink bra and underwear lying next to the dress.

"No way," she whispered to herself. Even if she were to wear the dress, one simply didn't wear pink underwear with that color dress!

Feeling silly for arguing with herself about the color of his chosen underwear when she wasn't going to wear it anyway, she stomped to her dresser and pulled out a pair of jeans, then a simple blue knit shirt, scoop necked and runched at the sides which made her eyes appear much more blue, not that she cared one little whit about her eye color around that man, and cinched in her waist, which she absolutely did care about. The man was the first who had ever really kissed her, and he'd ruined her dating life for the past ten years because no man had ever measured up to that experience. Nor had she ever really trusted another man after that experience, always waiting for the guy to leave her for the next woman and usually pushing him in that direction, or breaking it off with him before he could do it.

She combed her hair quickly, then twisted it into a knot on the back of her head, touched up the dark circles under her eyes with concealer, a touch of mascara, powder and lipstick. She still felt horrible, but at least she didn't look so pathetic.

As she stared at her reflection in her bedroom mirror, she tried to find a bit of confidence. But the man downstairs was just too....she couldn't define it, but he had it, whatever it was. And she definitely didn't have it.

"You look beautiful. Come downstairs and get something to eat," his deep voice called up from her kitchen. "Breakfast is ready, you're ready, come eat while it's hot."

Zoe almost jumped out of her skin when he called up to her. She didn't wonder how he knew she was ready. She'd been puttering around while getting dressed, and now she was standing in front her mirror. Obviously the silence in her loft told him everything he needed to know. Or he had telepathy, she thought with a grimace.

Her shoulders sagged as she turned around. She wanted to simply dive right back under her fluffy comforter and hide, but that was the coward's way out and she'd never been a coward. Besides, she had to get him out of her loft, or he'd haunt her for a long time. She didn't want to see him all over her loft, she didn't want that visual of him being comfortable around here. She loved her place, and seeing him in it would ruin the pleasure she got when she worked up here by herself, or had friends over.

She took the stairs slowly, wishing she could just push him out the door. As she walked down the stairs, it occurred to her that she hadn't let him in. "How did you get in here this morning?" she asked suspiciously.

"Once I got you to bed last night, I took your set of keys so it was easier to get back in this morning without waking you up too early."

She glanced at the clock and raised an eyebrow. "It's only eight o'clock now. What do you consider too early?"

"I've been up since about five this morning. I didn't think you'd had enough time to sleep off the wine by that time so I let you sleep a bit more."

Zoe hated the cool confidence that surrounded him. He didn't move with a lot of fussiness. Everything he did as he took down two plates and filled them with scrambled eggs and bacon was with minimal movement, cool, efficient, precise.

He took her coffee cup and refilled it, then handed her a glass of orange juice, placing the cup beside her plate. "You need a bit of sugar to get yourself going this morning," he explained as she looked longingly at her coffee cup.

Not having much experience with hangovers since she rarely drank, Zoe accepted his word that the orange juice would help.

"What are you doing here?"

"How are you Zoe?" he asked instead of answering her question. He looked at her as he sat down and started eating his own plate of food.

The idea of sitting next to him was making her stomach clench with a feeling she didn't understand so she took her plate over to the sofa and curled her legs underneath her, diving into the food but at a distance from him.

The eggs weren't just fluffy, they were cheesy and incredibly delicious. "Wow! This is wonderful. How did you make these?"

"It's just good cheese. The fat content will help you get over last night as well.''

Zoe didn't care why, she just loved the eggs. "You're a great cook!"

They ate in silence for several minutes, Zoe enjoying the food more than she would admit to him, even though her enthusiastic devouring of the meal was obvious enough.

When she'd eaten about half of the food, she was completely full, and put her plate on the coffee table and took her coffee cup, cradling it in her hands.

Looking up, she realized that he had already finished his meal and was now watching her. "So," she said as an opening to some sort of conversation. "What are you doing here?"

"Debbie's husband works for me. We were working late last night so when your friend called to let him know that she needed to be picked up, he told me about your company."

Those words brought back all the horror of the previous day and she dropped her eyes, staring at her coffee cup. "That's nice for him," she said politely, not sure what else to say under the circumstances. He probably had a whole slew of accountants on his staff and wouldn't ever let himself be in the situation she now found herself.

"So how's your company doing? I've heard of your designs before, but I never made the connection that you were the artist behind the dresses."

Hearing him describe her as an artist warmed her heart. If only she'd been a good business woman as well, she might be able to continue to do the work she loved. "Thank you," she said sadly.

"How is the business?" he asked in the tense silence.

"Fine," she replied with a falsely bright smile. "We have a full line now and are about to ship out our fall line to clients in over forty states by the end of this week. The business has grown more than almost seven percent each year since I opened up my shop about four years ago, so it's going...fine." The ending sounded lame, so she brightened her smile to cover up the fact that she was about to go out of business.

"That's odd," he replied, watching her carefully.

Zoe was stung by his comment so she jumped up from the sofa and picked up her plate. Grabbing his plate, she busied herself so he couldn't see her panicked reaction. "I'm not sure why you would consider my company odd, but suit yourself."

"I think you're business is great. I just think it's odd when an owner describes her business as fine when she's several million dollars in debt, not counting the issues about to be encountered in trying to obtain credit in order to make payroll and delivery costs."

The words hung in the air, suspended like a sword about to rip through that last thread of Zoe's control. Not even the clock tick sounded for that long moment when her heart stopped and her breath froze in her throat. Painful, sudden humiliation lay on the next breath and she knew she didn't have the courage to face it so she simply stood there, suspended, not breathing, afraid that if she moved, if she spoke, if she did anything besides blinking, her world would come tumbling down around her.

But she couldn't hold her breath forever. When the suspension became too painful, she inhaled sharply, almost dizzy with both the need for oxygen as well as the humiliation of this man finding her on this particular day and apparently knowing everything about her current financial situation.

It was too much. The crying and drinking last night hadn't helped and now she had to face up to the issues, but not with this man.

Pasting a bright smile on her face, she spun around from the sink and faced him. "Oh, you know how those things go. Money comes into accounts and money goes out. That's the way business is supposed to run otherwise our entire economy would simply crumble."

Marco watched her, his eyes gauging her expression and he understood this kind of desperation. Hell, he'd put many other companies into this position. Not by embezzling, but by buying them out, breaking them apart and selling them off for a profit. If the company wasn't worth anything, selling things off was the only way to proceed logically. Of course, if the company was still viable, he put an expert management team in place, moved people around and revitalized the operation. Anyone could sell off parts of a company and make money. The real fun was beating the odds and fixing a company that was in dire straits.

Zoe's company was worth only a fraction of the revenue most of his other acquisitions were normally worth. She had built up a good client base, had a solid reputation and her product was excellent. Her business model was shockingly bad though. If he could turn things around, he could fix the company, show her the way and make her company viable once again, he could get her to trust him again. He'd hurt her ten years ago. He knew it would take a lot to get her to trust him after the stunt he'd pulled. He could do it though. He had to.

If he played his cards right, he'd get Zoe in the bargain.

And he always won when he played.

This transaction might be a bit more delicate than normal though. He wanted her and he sensed an instant attraction back, just like there had been so many years ago. Back then, she'd been a little firebrand and he'd wanted her painfully, but she'd been too young and too naive. And his father had interfered. Only one of those factors was in play now.

Zoe wasn't too young this time. And he didn't care if she was naive. He wanted her and she would play. She'd play and he'd make sure that she enjoyed the entire game. It would take all of his concentration to make sure she didn't run away from the table though.

"I don't know what you mean. Everything is perfectly fine."

"You know it's not," he countered softly. "Isn't that what last night was all about?"

She turned away from him, loading the dishes into the dishwasher. "Of course not. Last night was just a girl's night out." She stumbled on the stool and laughed bitterly. "Or in, I guess."

He stopped her as she started to pass, just by the expedient way of touching her shoulder softly. "What if I had a way out for you?"

"A way out of what?" she pretended ignorance.

"If I thought you didn't already know the answer to that, I would walk out of here without another thought. But you do know. The first thing you need to do is ask for help. Right now, you're not ready to ask me for help, but I'll give you a while to try and find funding some other way. Go to your bank. Ask them for a loan to cover your costs plus the extra you'll need to get through the next six months so you can build up your cushion once again. Or maybe you have other investors that you'd like to deal with. Go ahead and try them out, see if they'll back you once again. And then, once they've turned you down, come to my office and we'll talk." He flicked a business card out of an expensive looking case from his jacket pocket and laid it onto the counter beside her. "I look forward to hearing from you again, Zoe," he said as he bent to kiss her gently on the cheek.

Without another word, he walked out of her loft, the soft click of the huge metal door sounding like a death knoll.

With a shaky breath, she inhaled as she picked up his business card and glanced at the words. As the title and company sunk in, she was astounded that she'd been so blind. Marco DiAngelo was the CEO of Ocarm Enterprises? Impossible! Ocarm Enterprises was not just one of the sharks of the investment industries, it was The Great White!

Blindly, she moved over to her laptop and did a search on Marco DiAngelo. There wasn't much there, but she found a few stories about the man's father who was reputed to be one of the biggest mob bosses in the country. Marco had spurned the family business and moved into legitimate businesses, grown them into a massive empire that spanned the entire globe with industries all over the world covering so many products she couldn't even read some of them, although others were hugely famous brands. There were very few articles about Marco himself, most talking about what a private person he was and how he'd turned his companies into a legitimate business empire, some articles detailing the struggle between the mafia, his current businesses and the law, and all times, Ocarm Enterprises came through the investigations completely clear of any mafia connections.

His sister, on the other hand, had courted the media, showing up at one nightclub after another, arriving alone but never leaving that way. She was known for selecting her escorts from the up and coming men of the world, appearing all over the globe, riding in fancy jets for one night of partying. It was mentioned that, when Darcy DiAngelo showed up at a nightclub, it was the stamp of approval, giving that nightclub the start any new business would need to get going.

Then a couple of months ago, she'd simply disappeared. There were rumors that she'd married a Russian billionaire, but nothing confirmed.

The pictures of his father were numerous, all of them with one woman or another, rarely with the same one twice. The women looked to be a fraction of his own age and upon his death, there was a fight between three twenty-something blond women as they all tried to cry over the casket.

Marco avoided the limelight as much as possible, rarely appearing in public although his name was associated with several women, many of whom were famous actresses or models, all very tall and extremely beautiful. Good grief! Zoe had even designed one of the dresses for one of his ex-girlfriends!

Snapping the laptop shut, she simmered with anger and something she absolutely would not define as jealousy. She hadn't seen or heard from the man for ten years. She had no right to feel anything other than anger over his knowledge of her financial situation.

With disgust, she stood up and changed clothes. One thing he'd been right about. She needed to visit her bank and get additional funding. She'd been a good customer to them for years and had never defaulted on any payments, never bounced a check and was meticulous about her accounts. Surely they would front her the money to cover her expenses for the next few months. She considered herself to be a good risk, surely they would as well.

Considering her options, she looked into her closet, trying to figure out what one should wear to a bank. Conservative, successful....navy blue pin stripes, she told herself.

Looking into her wardrobe, she had nothing like that. Her designs consisted of bright colors with lots of zap and pizzazz, very feminine, very romantic and glamorous.

She pulled out a black jacket and a pair of black slacks, adding her most subdued silk shirt, which turned out to be a turquoise silk satin with a wrap waistline.

Looking at her appearance in the mirror, she thought she looked very professional and supremely successful. Adding small gold earrings, she made the call to her bank, asking for the woman she'd dealt with several times in the past.

Leaving her loft, she felt strong and powerful, confident that she could figure this out easily.

Three hours later, she was no longer confident. She'd been turned down by her bank almost as soon as she'd sat down in the manager's office. Not only had the manager not been able to front the money, she'd also listed out several fees that Zoe now owed to the bank due to her negative bank balance and numerous checks that had bounced in the past two months.

Feeling like a leper, she left the bank with her head held high, but her stomach was twisting in knots. Marco had mentioned that there were other investors, but she had no idea how to go about finding people like that. She'd focused all her energy on her designs, forming client relationships, building the business. She'd taken for granted the other side of the issues. Financials had never been her strong point, which was why she'd hired an accountant.

And which was also why she was in this current situation.

The sun was bright as she walked down the street, but the sunshine and cool autumn day didn't penetrate her mind as she pumped her mind to figure out how to get through this.

Investors! She needed investors. She had to have some sort of contacts, didn't she? She wasn't completely alone in this world. She had friends, she had a good reputation. She had clients that depended on her!

But if her clients found out that she was no longer solvent, what would they do? She'd always been reliable, gaining inroads into the stores that bought her clothes because she was dependable and always came through on time with every order. She made sure of it! If her clients found out that she'd messed up so completely, she'd lose that reputation. Would they stick with her because of her designs? Were her clothes enough to keep them coming back for the next line? The next spring? The next fall? Or would they start to believe she wasn't going to be around for the next season's designs? Would they immediately start looking for other sources?

She couldn't risk it, she told herself. She'd felt horrible when she'd left the bank, but she wasn't going to fall into the hole. She simply wouldn't let her staff go unemployed. Everyone who worked for her had families, responsibilities. She simply had to figure out a way.

Heading back to her loft, she went up the back way so she wouldn't have to go through the showroom. She'd already sent an e-mail to Debbie asking her to keep things going while she visited the bank. Debbie would have no idea that she was back already.

As soon as she was back in her safe sanctuary, she pulled off the black suit, hanging it in the farthest part of her wardrobe so she wouldn't be reminded of how humiliating her morning had been.

Pulling on her jeans and sweater once again, she paced back and forth in her loft, wracking her brain, trying to come up with a solution. Surely she had a long lost aunt who was on the point of dying and was about to leave her a huge inheritance, didn't she?

But her mother had been an only child, her mother was on a fixed income, and even came to Zoe occasionally for financial help.

Slumping into the sofa, she put her head into her hands, her fingers itching to find that horrible man who had done this to her and....and....well, she wasn't sure what she would do to him, but it would be really, really bad!

By five o'clock, she watched her staff of seamstresses, warehouse workers, assistants, cutters and various other personnel file out of the work room, joking, laughing and completely oblivious to the fact that if she didn't find some way out of this, they would all have their own nightmares to deal with once they found out they didn't have a job.

All because she'd failed by ignoring the side of her company she'd hated. Financials had always been a mystery to her, and sticking her head in the sand had definitely not been the right approach.

The phone ringing made her jump and she stared at her cell phone as the face swung in various colors announcing that the caller was unknown.

With dread, assuming it was one of her creditors, she answered it with a cheerful voice as if nothing was actually wrong. "Hello?"

"You've only been to one bank."

Marco. How had he known she'd been to the bank today? And how did he know that she'd been to only one? "How do you know that?" she asked and slumped back onto her sofa.

"I have my sources," was all he would say. "Meet me for dinner tonight at Ricardo's. We'll talk."

Zoe knew of the famous Italian restaurant but was already shaking her head. "I don't think that's a good idea. I have other resources I haven't tapped into yet."

She heard the amused sigh. "So you're still in denial. Is that just when you're speaking with me? Or are you also denying it to yourself?"

Zoe couldn't lie anymore. What was the point. "I'm only lying to you. I have no idea what to do or where to go to get my company out of this mess."

"So you'll meet me at Ricardo's at seven."

She hesitated for a long moment before finally giving in. "Yes. I'll be there."

"Good. Wear the dress I put out this morning. I'm sure you'll look incredible."

And then he hung up. No goodbye, no other sort of closing conversation or giving her a chance to argue or counter his command.

She stared at her phone, wishing she could call him back up and tell him to go to hell, but she couldn't. He was her only lifeline and she had to get through this.

Moving slowly up the stairs, for the second time today, she examined her clothing options. Immediately discarding the idea of wearing the dress he'd chosen that morning, she sifted through her other dresses. She loved clothes, obviously, and had several possibilities. All of them were part of her new line that was already out in stores. Choosing a green, wool dress with a deep V that hugged her upper body, then flared out at her hips, she smiled at her silly rebellion. The man was helping her, the least she could do was wear the dress he'd requested. But something inside her wanted to assert some sort of control over her life, and choosing this green dress, with a necklace of dramatic green and black glass beads and killer black heels, made her feel strong and powerful.

She'd wanted to be late for dinner, wishing she could arrive after the designated seven o'clock. But traffic was too light that evening and the taxi was pulling up at the door to Ricardo's immediately on time.

Amazingly, Marco stepped out of the restaurant and paid the cab driver for her. As the restaurant's doorman opened her door, she took a moment to steady herself, and observe Marco in his elegant black suit with a snowy white shirt and red silk tie. He looked amazing, she thought and couldn't have chosen a suit to fit him any better than what he was wearing. Interestingly, the cut of the suit actually diminished the breadth of his shoulders but the white of his shirt showed off his dark, tanned skin.

As he turned, his eyes took in her black trench coat and black shoes, all he could see at the moment. With a slight smile on his handsome face, he walked up to her, looking down into her rebellious eyes. "From the color of your shoes, I'm guessing you're not wearing that gorgeous dress, are you?"

"No. I chose something that I like though."

He chuckled, the deep sound making her skin tingle and her heart rate pick up slightly. "I'm guessing I'll like it just as much," he said and signaled to the doorman. Putting a hand on her elbow, he led her through the doors. His hands rested on her shoulders as she nervously opened the belt of her trench coat.

Zoe knew a moment's trepidation as she realized what she'd done. This dress was soft and comfortable, making her feel very feminine and powerful. But she'd made a strategic error in wearing it to dinner with Marco. The dress accentuated her breasts and tiny waist, hiding nothing from his knowing eyes while the V of the dress revealed the sides of each of her breasts. As he stood behind her, waiting for her to release the belt so he could hand the coat to the hostess, she shivered, knowing that he was in a great position to understand the perfect cut of the dress.

There was nothing to do but release the coat. It was too late to rush back to her loft and change into something more demure, she told herself.

With shaking fingers, she untied the belt, then shrugged the coat off, trying to turn away so he didn't have a direct view of her dress.

She should have known better though. Marco had always been too smart and too knowledgeable and as soon as the coat came off, his gaze rested on her breasts. Handing the coat to the hostess without taking his gaze away from the green dress, he nodded. "I bow to your superior knowledge of fashion."

Thankfully, the hostess announced that their table was ready and led them out of the smaller area of the coat check lobby. Zoe moved quickly to follow the hostess, putting as much distance between Marco and herself as possible.

Their table was in the back of the restaurant where they would have privacy for their discussion. Marco moved to hold out her chair and Zoe nervously took the seat. As he sat down across from her, he ordered a bottle of wine, a name she'd never heard of but was sure probably cost more than one of her dresses.

When they were alone again, Zoe nervously studied the menu, praying that something would happen to ease the tension. Couldn't some kitchen calamity occur that would distract the whole restaurant? Maybe a waiter could drop a meal on someone's head?

No such luck, she sighed and glanced up, not sure what was on the menu even though she'd been looking at it for the past five minutes.

As soon as she looked up, she saw that Marco had been waiting for just that to happen. He'd simply been sitting across from her, waiting patiently, a slight smile on his lips as he watched her across the linen covered table. "You look beautiful," was all he said initially.

For some reason, his gaze and his husky words made her stomach flip flop, and a blush crept up her neck and cheeks. She hoped that the dark, candle lit restaurant would cover that reaction, but his soft chuckle told her otherwise. "I'm not trying to make you feel uncomfortable. It was a sincere compliment. You're more beautiful now than you were when I saw you the last time."

"Thank you," she whispered. "I read about you on the internet this morning after you left. You've done well for yourself."

"So have you."

She grimaced. "All evidence to the contrary."

"Well, your designs are across the country now, aren't they? You have some pretty important clients and they all speak well of you."

She didn't like the sound of that. "You've been talking to my clients?" she asked, angry for the invasion. "Why?"

"Of course I spoke to your clients. And your vendors and many others. If I'm going to invest in your company, I wanted to know what I was getting into."

She didn't like his attitude and thought to take him down a notch. "Who says I'm going to allow you to invest in my company?"

He leaned forward and smiled. "Then that means tonight is all about being with me and not your company. I'm flattered."

"Absolutely not!"

"Then what's tonight about? If it's not about you and me and this attraction that's obviously flaring between us, and it's not about your company that's about to be destroyed, then I'm very confused."

She bristled at his words. "There's no attraction between us. At least not from my side. That died when I was a kid."

He laughed once again but shook his head. "We'll see about that later. Let's discuss your company first."

She was grateful when the wine steward arrived and made a show of pouring the wine for Marco's approval, which he gave of course. At Zoe's first sip, she knew that this was an extraordinary glass of wine. Unfortunately, she was too nervous to enjoy it.

"So, what did the bank say when you spoke to them earlier today?" he asked when the steward had left.

Zoe set her glass down on the table carefully, afraid her suddenly shaking fingers would knock it over inadvertently. "Um...well...they said, that..." she swallowed painfully through the embarrassment.

"Let me guess. Not only did they deny your loan application, but they told you that you owed them several thousands more in fees. Am I correct?"

Zoe nodded, looking down at the table.

"You're not going to pay those fees. The bank is only trying to scare you and gouge you for whatever fees they can make up now that they think your ship is sinking. Those fees are bogus and once you close your accounts, they won't have any right to charge you for them. I think most of them might even be illegal. Close your accounts with them tomorrow morning and go to this bank. Open up three accounts. One for payroll, one for your inventory and another for reserve."

He handed her the card with the name of the bank he'd mentioned on the back. "Speak to a man named George Montgomery. He'll steer you in the right direction."

She fiddled with the card, unsure of how to explain the dire situation she was in. "That would be wonderful, and I sincerely appreciate the tip, but unfortunately...." She tried to say the words but they wouldn't come.

"You don't have any money to deposit?" he suggested gently.

She nodded again, ashamed.

"That's where I come in. I'm planning to invest this amount," he said and took the card once again and wrote down an amount that made Zoe's eyes widen in alarm. "Once you have the account numbers, come to my office and give them to me. I'll have this amount transferred into your accounts so you can meet your obligations. Make sure to tell George which bank you're transferring your accounts from, and a list of all your creditors. He'll contact those vendors and give them the new information."

The waiter arrived to take their order and Zoe was grateful for the reprieve. Her mind was spinning with the amount Marco wanted to invest. It was more than twice what she suspected she owed and she had to honest with him about that. She didn't need that much cash, and she had to warn him.

"What are you going to eat?" he asked, his eyes swiftly moving across the menu.

Zoe had no idea what she was going to order but she picked it up once again and scanned the contents. Settling on a salad, figuring that would be the easiest for her to sift through since she didn't think she'd be able to eat anything anyway because of her nervousness.

She mentioned the first salad her eyes were able to focus on, then closed her menu.

Marco shook his head. "She'll also have Risotto ala polpa di granchio, carciofi con pancetta and for dessert we'll have panna cotta." He put in his own order which sounded just as foreign as what he ordered for her and the waiter left, bowing slightly with his approval.

Zoe sat back and shook her head. "What exactly did you order for me?" she asked, impressed with his Italian despite herself.

He shrugged and picked up his wine. "Crab risotto, artichokes with pancetta and a cream dessert, which I think you'll like."

She smiled slightly. "How do you know I like crab and artichokes?" she asked. She actually loved both of them, but wasn't going to tell him.

"You just seem like the type."

Her eyes widened at that response. "I'm a type now?"

"You're changing the subject. And yes, everyone is a type."

"I disagree."

"With what? That you're changing the subject or that everyone has a type?"

"Both."

"As for you changing the subject," he said, admiring her honesty and ease of conversing even though he could tell she was both embarrassed by her predicament and scared of what he made her feel. "You can't avoid the subject, so why not get through it so we can focus on enjoying the rest of the evening?"

What she didn't know was that he knew much more about her predicament than she probably knew, and that he was going to make her feel so much more. She'd probably be uncomfortable with both, but he'd ease her into the second, and slam her into the first. One couldn't happen without the other, he knew.

"Facing the challenges head on, that's your plan of action?"

"Do you have a better way?"

"I like to explore the problem and figure out the best way to attack it."

"And what are your other options?"

She sat there silently, wishing some genius idea would occur to her. Unfortunately, nothing came to her and she slouched, defeated.

Marco didn't like seeing this vital woman with so much to offer feeling trapped and defeated. He preferred the dynamic woman who attacked life, the woman who created designs that celebrated life and exploded around a woman's body, making her feel alive and vibrant.

"Are you willing to trust me?" he asked gently.

She didn't even hesitate in her response. "No."

He threw back his head and laughed. When it came to business, people simply followed his lead, accepting that anything he said would make them wealthy. But this tiny woman sitting across from him looking like any man's dream woman, was unabashedly fighting him. And he liked it. It was refreshing.

"Okay, so you're skeptical and I need to prove myself to you."

She didn't like the sound of that. It seemed much to intimate for her peace of mind. "No, you don't need to prove anything to me. I just need to get myself out of this situation and go on about my business...why are you shaking your head like that. Stop it. Things were fine before and as soon as I can figure this out, they'll be fine once again."

"You're financial situation was never fine. You're not capitalizing on your name, your branding is almost non-existent, your designs are fantastic but your marketing is pitiful. And we aren't even getting into the financial side of things. You need an accounting firm to work your money and you can't ignore things like you've done in the past. Twice a year, you will audit the accounting firm and ensure that you understand everything that's going on with your money. You will have weekly financial meetings with your accounting staff, and there will be multiple accountants working with you to ensure duplication."

"That sounds expensive," she replied, completely intimidated by everything he was laying out.

"It's much less expensive than bankruptcy, which is what you're facing if you don't move quickly. Even one default on your payroll and you're employees lose faith in their work. Right now you have a loyal and experienced staff which has helped you reach this level of success despite yourself. Don't lose them by being timid."

Zoe wanted to toss her napkin at his face and walk away. The only thing keeping her here in her chair was the fact that she didn't know of another way out. "And you know this because...?"

"Because I'm the one who is usually stealing companies like yours. I know what makes you vulnerable and how to gain control when someone is weak. Listen to me and I'll ensure that you're never in this situation again. By the way, this five to ten percent annual growth is pitiful. With our new business model, you should be ranging more in the twenty to twenty five percent growth rate."

That last part threw her off. "No one grows like that, not in this industry."

"And the economy has been pretty tough lately, but despite that, you have a niche market that could expand into a fad if you grow it correctly. And if you brand yourself right, that fad could take off into a classic style."

"I didn't know you were so adept at manipulating the fashion industry."

"I'm not. I'm adept at manipulating markets to go the way I want them to. Fashion isn't as different as anything else, it's just a price point."

"And fickle tastes in clothes."

"That can be applied to anything. Don't use it as an excuse. Use it as a wedge to get what you want. If you want perception to follow your designs, make sure it happens by branding yourself properly and marketing the next line aggressively."

Zoe's head was spinning with everything he was telling her. "I don't think it's possible."

"Not only is it possible, but you're going to do it with my help."

Their food arrived at that point and Zoe took the time to push her food around on her plate. She actually had no idea what was in front of her. Except for Marco who was trying to push her in areas where she was unfamiliar.

"What do you get out of this deal?"

Marco watched her carefully, gauging her response. She hadn't run out of the restaurant screaming, so she'd made it farther than he'd thought she would. "I get fifty-one percent of your business, with revenues and controlling power for the next six months."

She looked at him like he'd just grown a second head. "Absolutely not."

"It has to be like this. Otherwise, you'll fight me every step of the way and nothing would get accomplished. But after six months, I'll grant you the option of buying back controlling interest. And by that point, you'll have the money to accomplish it. "

"No."

Marco took a bite of his own risotto and considered how to change her mind. "You're also going to open up your own stores. Very high end, and the trickle down impact on a lower priced line will increase in value as people demand your label."

Zoe looked up, a completely different expression on her stunned face. "My own stores?"

"Both within the United States and internationally. Not Europe yet, let them wait. The Caribbean would be a better jumping off point where the international tourists see your brand, giving you a wider range of territory to continue expanding your line and image."

"My own stores?"

Having an exclusive store was her dream but she'd never imagined having that possibility in real life. It was such a fantasy, but the expense had always been prohibitive so she'd never thought of something that wonderful in real life.

Throughout the rest of the meal, she tried to focus, but her whole mind was considering the dream of owning her own shop, filled with only her designs.

By the time the panna cotta arrived, she had no idea what she'd eaten or what was discussed. As she looked up, she saw the amused expression on Marco's face, but wasn't sure what he'd said, or she'd said, to put it there.

"I think we're done," he said, chuckling softly to himself. He quickly paid the restaurant bill, then stood up, putting a hand to the small of her back as he led her through the tables of the restaurant, stopping occasionally to speak with someone, greet another, simply nodding acknowledgement to others.

Zoe's mind was slipping back and forth from the dream of owning her own shop, to watching Marco joke with acquaintances, introduce her and move about. It was something of a shock when she felt her black coat slide up her arms, and even more of a surprise when Marco's hands lingered on her arms, sending shivers of awareness throughout her entire system. Glancing up in surprise, she saw that Marco was watching her carefully and although she tried to hide her reaction to his touch, he saw it, touched her again and she couldn't hide it the second time.

Stepping back, she looked down and took a deep breath, but his scent, that spicy, masculine deliciously "Marco" scent invaded her mind.

"Let's go," he said and led her out to the darkness.

"I'll catch a cab," she said, trying to pull away but he stopped her, bringing her closer instead.

"I'll drive you home," he countered and a sleek, black Maserati pulled up, the valet jumping out and running around to the sidewalk and adeptly slipping Marco's tip into his pocket, then vanishing.

"Really, it's okay. I can get home on my own." She really didn't want to ride in a car that small with Marco right next to her. And she didn't want him to walk her to her door.

"Come along," he said and since several others were walking up the sidewalk looking at them curiously, Zoe gave in and allowed him to help her into the passenger seat of the low slung vehicle.

Unfortunately, when he slipped in next to her, it was just as bad as she'd anticipated. He was such a large man that his shoulders took up most of the available space. She tried to lean towards the passenger side window but it didn't really help a whole lot. She inhaled sharply when his knuckles rubbed slightly against her outer thigh as he shifted gears. He looked at her curiously, but she forced a smile, trying to pretend as if nothing was wrong.

"Nice car," she said when they'd pulled away. She was desperate to break the silence in the car.

"So now you want to talk?" he asked, a chuckle coming from deep in his chest.

"What do you mean?"

He easily maneuvered around the heavy traffic, his hands confident on the wheel. "I mean, you didn't hear a thing I said during the whole meal and now you want to discuss my car."

"I heard you," she defended, although she knew she was lying.

"You heard nothing after I mentioned the expansion of your line with your own store. Admit it, I got you with that idea."

Zoe flushed and looked out the window. "I'll admit that it's every designer's dream to have a store exclusive to her own work. But it's improbable."

"Why is that?"

"Because shops with that kind of inventory have more than one designer. They have an entire team that develops accessories, shoes, purses. All those things which I'm not interested in doing."

"Which is why you hire someone else to do that part for you, under your own brand."

"I do my own designs."

He smiled at her stubbornness, but didn't argue. "We'll talk about that in the future. Right now, you aren't set up for something like that."

That stung, despite the fact that she'd been arguing against it for the past few moments. "I could do it right now if I wanted to."

"No you couldn't. Which is what I was discussing in the restaurant. And we're back to my point about not hearing anything, which you just proved my statement," he said and turned to wink at her.

She sat in the soft leather seat and fumed because she'd just been caught! Damn the man for being so perceptive! Had he been like this ten years ago? She didn't think so, but maybe he had been and she'd just been blinded by how much she...nope! She couldn't go there. She hadn't loved him back then. She'd barely even known him. They'd shared exactly one kiss before he moved on to the next woman and then he'd disappeared, leaving her hurt and confused. She now understood why he'd left so abruptly, but at the time, she'd been badly bruised. And the intensity of that kiss had never been replicated with any other man. Hence, the reason she needed to keep the man at arm's length if she ever wanted to have a solid relationship with another man.

"My loft is up on the left," she said softly.

"I know. I was there this morning, remember?"

She sighed and nodded. Yes, she remembered. And she might need to move because of it. Maybe she could just redecorate everything so that, once he was out of her life once again, nothing would remind her of his presence.

As soon as he parked the car, Zoe unbuckled her seat belt and jumped out of the vehicle. Bending down over the open door, she said, "Don't bother seeing me up stairs. I'm perfectly fine and the door is right there."

"Meet me at my office once you've met with George at the bank and we'll go through the strategy once again. This time, you'll hear me, right?"

"Sure," she said, blushing once again and grateful for the darkness which hid that from his all-knowing gaze. "Tomorrow, then." She slammed the door closed and walked quickly towards her building, her key already prepared for the lock, desperate to be where he couldn't see her any longer. She was painfully aware of him watching her and she kept her shoulders straight, trying to be as unenticing as possible.

Marco watched with a mixture of amusement and desire as she walked into the building, locking it behind her. He loved the way she walked, but tonight she'd been much more stiff than usual. Normally, she had a swaying gait that showed how much she loved to dress, how she liked the way the fabric felt against her body. Her walk showed the world that she was all woman and loved it. Tonight, there had still been the telling sway, she couldn't completely shut that off since it was so innate to her personality. But he could also perceive that she was trying hard not to show him anything.

Too bad, he thought as he reversed out of the parking space. He'd seen enough women to know what was underneath those clothes. Plus, he had a very vivid imagination. And he wasn't just imagining her walking into a building, he knew as he drove to his own penthouse apartment in a different part of the city. No, he was thinking of her in all sorts of positions, all of which included her love of fashion and his love of naked and almost naked women. Her nakedness in particular.

Chapter 3

Zoe woke the next morning feeling as if she were trapped. Not the same feeling as the day before though. This was a much more crazy kind of trap. Hunted, she thought as she pulled on a pink, wool dress with a stiff collar that framed her neck and face. No more conservative suits, she though as she added several chains of gold, adding the perfect classic touch to the outfit. She pinned her hair up on top of her head, clipped on small gold earrings and a pair of gorgeous pink flowered heels. Yes, today was going to be a very different day.

She practically skipped down the back staircase to her workroom and smiled at the early birds who were busy sewing or packing up orders. "Good morning!" she sing songed to Debbie when she arrived with two cups of coffee.

Debbie eyed Zoe's flashy outfit and smiled. "I'm guessing from your attitude that it's going to be a very good morning." She pointed in the direction of Zoe's office. "Let's talk!"

Zoe laughed and walked into her office, closing the door when Debbie followed. Zoe leaned against her desk and took a sip of the hot coffee.

"Let me guess. The police arrested the bastard and you're getting all your money back, no worries and we're staying in business until at least the next crisis."

Zoe grimaced. "Do you have to ruin the day?"

"Shooting too high?"

"Definitely," Zoe laughed. "But, I've found an investor who is willing to front the money so we're still in business." Zoe swallowed hard after that statement. Having said it out loud made it much more real.

Debbie gasped and stood up. "That's fantastic! Are you kidding? Who is it? And what are the terms? How did you do this so quickly?" She hugged Zoe enthusiastically, barely managing to keep the coffee from spilling all over the gorgeous pink wool dress. "Oh, wow! I've been sick with worry. For you as well as for me! I didn't want to find another job with the competition!"

"Good! You won't have to."

"Excellent! Tell me the details." She sat back down and waited, eagerly waiting to hear how they were going to weather this storm.

"Your husband's boss actually is our white knight. Apparently your husband mentioned something about our predicament to Marco DiAngelo and he showed up and offered to loan us the money."

Debbie's smile faltered. She stared at Zoe for a long moment before shaking her head. "Are you kidding?"

"No. Why?"

Debbie took an unsteady breath. "Because Marco DiAngelo doesn't take over companies. He's famous for tearing them apart and selling them off."

"He's done that in the past with companies that were too weak to survive. But in our case, he wants to build something, to loan us enough so that we can grow and expand more rapidly."

"Why is he going to do that?"

"Because we're a good investment."

"Hogwash!" Debbie came back adamantly. "That man doesn't help anyone but himself. He pays my husband a good salary, but he also works him to the bone, driving harder and harder. There are nights Michael sleeps at the office because he'd been working too long to make it home. I'm telling you, you don't want to get involved with Marco DiAngelo. He's worse than a shark. He's like...like..."Debbie struggled to find the right words to describe what Michael went through working for his boss and what they did to other companies. "He's like a swarm of piranha but he does the same amount of damage all on his own."

"He's not going to break us up this time. He's going to help."

Debbie wasn't convinced. "Why doesn't Michael know about this?" she asked suspiciously. "Michael is in on all the major acquisitions, doing the due diligence prior to any sale."

Zoe faltered on that issue. "I'm not sure. Maybe we're not a major acquisition?"

Debbie guffawed at that. "You can say that again. The last company the DiAngelo Group bought was worth over one point two billion dollars. That's billion, with a 'B'. Why would Marco step in and save our little operation?"

Zoe suspected she knew the reason Marco was interested in them but was loathe to explain. Looking at her friend, she knew she had no other option but to tell her. "I knew Marco when I was younger."

Debbie eyed her skeptically. "How much younger?"

"I was only eighteen, he was twenty eight. We'd met at a pool party for one of my friends," Zoe explained, not proud of what she'd done back them. "We were testing our wings, trying to figure out the world and I met him. He was tall, dark and handsome and we hit it off instantly. We went out on a couple of dates but by the third one, we kissed." Zoe stopped, her mind traveling back to that night, her body tingling just at the memory of how incredible it had felt to be in Marco's arms, to feel his body press her against her beat up old car, to feel his muscles, to anticipate the kiss she knew was coming. And when his lips touched hers, she'd actually seen stars, and rockets and fireworks. The whole shebang.

Debbie laughed softly. "Earth to Zoe. What happened?"

Zoe blinked, not realizing she'd zoned out during the telling of her story. "Um...." She blushed and stood up, sifting through the papers on her desk. "Well, a few days later, I saw him with another woman and I never heard from him again."

"He never called to explain? Or even to gloat?"

"I never went back. I couldn't handle it. Years passed and here we are today." She didn't go into how devastated she'd been over the betrayal, or the fact that she'd never found anyone who could stir her the same way, always finding her dates lacking.

Debbie sighed and stood up. "So here we are, and we're about to get into bed with a shark."

"I thought you said he was a piranha."

"I said he attacks like a swarm of piranha. Not that he personally was one. There's a difference. And now that I think about it, it would be more appropriate to call him a shark now instead of a swarm of piranha. Sharks eat anything they can find. And Marco is now going to gobble you up."

Zoe shook her head, ignoring the sexual reference that she wasn't sure Debbie had meant or not. "He's not going to gobble us up. He's just investing and helping me be able to pay the staff."

"Are you sure?"

Zoe bit her lower lip. "You're making me nervous."

"Good! Caution is always appropriate when swimming in infested waters. Be careful that you don't jump from the frying pan directly into the fire by letting Marco into our business."

Debbie had a very valid point. She didn't want to deal with Marco personally, and maybe professionally she needed to take a step back.

Someone stuck their head in the office doorway and asked a question. "I'll handle this," Debbie said quickly. "You make sure you know what you're doing."

Debbie walked out and Zoe continued to bite her lip, worried now that she was doing something monumentally stupid. Why would Marco want to invest in her company? It was small potatoes compared to what he normally dealt with. Was he trying to use her company for a strategic takeover or something like that?

Taking the business card out of her purse, she dialed the number. His secretary answered immediately. "May I speak with Marco DiAngelo? Just tell him it's Zoe."

She was immediately transferred and Zoe's heart rate increased as soon as she heard Marco's deep voice. "Have you opened up the bank accounts already?" he asked.

Zoe hesitated for only a moment. "I think we need to talk about this a bit more."

"What's there to discuss? You need financing, I need a good investment. We're going to grow your company together."

"Yes, but that's what I don't understand. Why would you be bothering with a company as small as I am? You normally deal with larger companies and takeovers that require months, sometimes years of negotiations before everything is settled."

"So this will be a refreshing change. Why don't you come over to my office and we'll talk about it?"

Zoe loved the sound of his voice. It got all soft and husky when he invited her over. But this was business and she needed to stay focused. "Let's talk about it over the phone," she countered.

"We can discuss it better when you get here. I'll even have George on standby so he can set up the appropriate accounts once we've dealt with all of your concerns. I'll see you in..." he hesitated as if he were looking at his watch, "Twenty minutes?"

"No, Marco...please, I don't want to come down there."

"Why Zoe?" he said, and again, that voice just melted her insides. It was all coaxing and soft, as if he knew she was afraid to be alone with him and he was trying to be reassuring. But that was crazy, she told herself. He couldn't know that much about her, and especially couldn't read her mind over the phone.

"Because I think it would be easier, due to our past, if we make this less personal."

He chuckled. "Our past is the only reason this is going to happen. I'll be there in twenty minutes."

Again, he hung up the phone, leaving her staring at the speaker as if it were a worm.

Then she realized that Marco was on his way over here. Soon!

She hurried out of her office and found Debbie but couldn't pull her away since she was dealing with a vendor. Zoe realized that this might be about money, perhaps a cash on delivery order, so she let Debbie handle the issue and slipped back into her office.

The only escape she could find was sketching. She picked up her drawing pencils and started making lines, losing herself in the fall and sway of the artistry in making her fall line. When she finished one idea, she moved on to the next, and another, not really getting the idea she wanted exactly correct on paper. She was working hard when she felt rather than heard Marco's arrival. It was as if the air started sparking with electricity and she looked up to find him standing in her doorway.

"That was fast," she said softly, loving the way his dark gray suit looked on his tall, muscular frame. Today he wore a yellow silk tie which only increased how dark his skin and eyes looked.

He glanced at his watch. "It was twenty minutes exactly."

Zoe sighed and put her pencils down. "I guess so."

"Why don't you show me around?" he suggested, walking into her office looking relaxed and confident, and Zoe was relieved to have something to do other than try and argue with him about investing.

She took him through the sewing and cutting rooms, introducing her to several of the team members, all of whom were very excited to meet a man as handsome as Marco, giggling in their obvious interest. Zoe tried to ignore their blushes and giggles but by the end of the tour, she knew she was standing a bit closer to him, a subtle signal that he was off limits.

Leading him back to her office, she took her seat behind her desk in a defensive position. "Okay, I don't have any other options so tell me what we need to do first."

"First, you need to talk to George and get the bank accounts opened up," he explained and dialed a number on his cell phone, putting it on speaker. "George, this is Marco. Is everything set up like we discussed earlier today?"

"Yes, sir. I just need to type in some business information from Ms. Parker and I can courier the forms over to her place of business for her signature. Once that's done, the money can be transferred over. All the vendors on the list you sent me earlier today have already been notified of the change."

Zoe looked up at Marco, not sure if she should be irritated that he'd gone ahead with the transition even though she hadn't been completely on board or if she was impressed with his efficiency. Remembering that she didn't have any other alternative, she gave George the information he asked for, then fifteen minutes later, a courier was handing her the bank documents, waiting for her signature before rushing them back to the bank.

Twenty minutes after that, she was standing in Marco's office, receiving a thick contract which she was told to bring to her lawyer for review before signing it. At her blank look, Marco sighed and made another phone call, then gave her directions to a lawyer's office in Manhattan, along with the address. "Go now, ask all the questions you can think of and tell the lawyer to put your concerns into the contract so that you feel secure moving forward with this partnership. Once you've gotten the terms to a point where you're comfortable, then come back and I'll sign them. We have more plans to make."

By two o'clock that afternoon, Zoe was almost dizzy with how quickly things had moved. The lawyer had gone through the contract and explained the terms, which were exactly how Marco had described to her yesterday, along with the six month term limit. The lawyer cautioned that she would be required to go along with Marco's marketing and distribution ideas. Zoe didn't really understand what that meant, but she signed the papers anyway, unable to think of anything to add. The contract stipulated that, if Marco didn't grow her business by fifty percent within the six month period, he would owe her the remaining revenue as a buyout clause. The lawyer explained that the contract terms were basically all in her favor so Zoe felt much more relieved after the conversation.

During the cab ride back to Marco's office, she went through everything the lawyer had said, and came to the conclusion that Marco was simply taking on this project as a way to prove to himself that he could succeed in the fashion industry, one area he hadn't yet tackled.

Now, here she was, standing in Marco's conference room with three other people who were getting ready for a slide show to discuss options for her marketing strategy. She was terrified of the terms they were throwing about and wasn't exactly sure how to respond. She kept looking to Marco who would either nod or shake his head when she wasn't sure, letting him guide her through the possibilities.

Four hours later, Zoe was exhausted, starving and completely overwhelmed. When the next team arrived to give her a briefing on future store sites, Marco called a halt, asking the three newest people to leave the information and he'd go over it.

"Come on," he said as he took her hand and pulled her up out of the chair that had previously been comfortable, but now seemed like a giant leather marshmallow trying to suck her into its depths. "You need a break. How about Chinese?" he suggested.

He picked up the briefing and led her back to his office. Dialing a number, he asked the person at the other end to send up his usual, but double.

"Okay, what did you think?" he asked.

Zoe put her hands on her forehead and shook her head. "I'm not really sure what to think anymore. All those terms seemed so off that I wasn't sure what they were talking about." She turned to look at him, her eyes wide with anxiety. "Am I really that stupid? I didn't understand half the stuff they were telling me."

Marco looked at the bright, intelligent woman with her sad eyes and felt disgusted. He was irritated with his marketing team for trying to impress him with their skill and know-how instead of playing to Zoe who obviously needed to be guided through the presentations differently. A marketing team should have known better, he mused.

"How about if I walk you through them?" he suggested, and took a seat next to her. He picked up the first briefing of the afternoon and started discussing the information in terms she understood, explaining the strategy and giving her insight into why a company would do something. With Marco explaining, she was more than able to understand, even offered feedback and counter arguments to go in a different direction, or tweak the marketing idea to better cater to her current client base as well as expand it.

The food came and they ate, continuing to discuss the ideas and tweak it. Marco no longer only explained, but he asked her opinion and encouraged her own ideas. She made notes in the margins and argued with him on the direction she should go. Marco agreed with some of her ideas, but wouldn't let her shy away from the more aggressive ones. He pushed her, she pulled back, they argued and she had to laugh at how tenacious he could be.

"What's so funny?" he asked, sitting back in the leather sofa.

She picked up the broccoli and chicken. "You ate the rest!"

"Of course I did. Snooze, you lose, Gorgeous. Isn't that what I've been trying to tell you for the past five hours?"

Zoe glanced at her watch and gasped. "Goodness!" she exclaimed, standing up and looking around. "I had no idea it was so late. I'm sorry to have taken over your evening."

He stood up as well, and Zoe didn't realize how close she'd been sitting. But as he stood, their feet were almost touching, making them less than an inch away from each other.

Looking up at him, she started to take a step backwards but he stopped her by putting an arm around her waist. "Marco, I..."

"Shhh," he interrupted her.

She couldn't hold his gaze, letting her eyes fall to the middle of his chest. "We can't do this again," she said softly but didn't move.

"Do what again?"

"Become involved."

"We're already involved."

"Personally. We have to keep it professional."

He sighed and let his hands move up and down her back, enjoying the shivers that movement caused. "We can keep it professional," he said, his hands moving to her waist. "For now."

He stepped back and looked down at her. "I'll drive you home," he said.

Zoe started to clean up the boxes of Chinese food but he took her hand. "The office cleaning crew will be in later to clean that up. Just grab the papers so you can look at them tonight or tomorrow. Call me if you have any questions."

She nodded quietly and tensed when he took her coat, draping it over her shoulders. At this late hour, the trip to her loft took only about ten minutes and Zoe sat in the soft leather, her body tense and humming from his touch.

When he parked, she quickly jumped out, then bent down to thank him.

Before she could close the passenger side door, he held up her hand to stall her. "There's a party tomorrow night for a fundraising event. Can you have one of your dresses from your new line ready to wear by then?"

Zoe's breath caught in her throat but she nodded.

"Good. I'll pick you up at seven. Sleep well, Beautiful."

He waited again until she was safely inside and her lights were on. Zoe watched as his sleek, powerful car drove away and sighed, leaning her forehead against the darkened window. The fundraiser tomorrow night loomed heavily, and Zoe wondered how she was going to deal with that kind of event. A night standing next to Marco? Without business to distract her? She was just begging for trouble, wasn't she?

Debbie had been right. She'd gotten herself into a mess but not for the reasons she'd thought.

Chapter 4

Zoe's fingers shook as she zipped the dress up. Her worried eyes looked at her reflection in the mirror and wondered what Marco might think of the design. It was sapphire blue silk with a very low square neckline that hugged all the way down the rest of her figure. Adding a bit of pizzazz, there was an additional flared overskirt that came out from each side of her waist in iridescent blue sapphire tissue.

It had been one of her favorite designs for the fall line, but seeing it on her now, she felt that it showed a bit too much cleavage and cinched in her waist, making her bust look bigger.

The doorbell rang just as her fingers reached for the zipper to change into something else. She considered ignoring it for a moment while she changed into something safer, but she didn't have any other dress that would be appropriate for the weather tonight and that was in her current line.

Taking a deep breath, she carefully walked down the stairs, stepping gently in her three inch sapphire blue heels. Answering the door, she tried to smile, but she was too nervous to pull it off.

As soon as she opened the door, Marco's eyes took it all in, starting from her hair that was piled on top of her head in curls draping down the back, over her cleavage and lingering before moving father down. He whistled as he stepped into her loft, but the masculine appreciation in his eyes made her feel very pretty.

"That's an awesome dress," he said heartily. "I completely approve. And you'll get lots of free advertising tonight since I've heard that the paparazzi is out in full tonight."

"How do you know that?"

"Because I asked my sister to stop by first so they'd all be waiting for you when you arrive," he said, smiling confidently.

She smiled back, but was confused. "I thought your sister had been in hiding lately."

"Nope. She married some Russian guy and they're too busy being in love to stop and go out in public. It's nauseating," he said with a grimace.

Zoe couldn't help but laugh as she watched his "Big Brother" expression come over his features. "You don't like her new husband?"

"He's a descent enough guy."

"But it's your baby sister, huh?" she suggested and pulled the blue wrap out of her closet and grabbed her silver purse, making sure she had her keys, wallet and lipstick before pulling the door closed behind her.

"Exactly," he replied. "She didn't have an easy childhood so I want her to be happy now."

"And is she?"

Marco shrugged. "She says she is. She looks happy."

"And what if she becomes unhappy?"

"Then I'll have to fix that, won't I?" He held her hand as she stepped into the Maserati.

Marco closed the door before she could ask what he meant by that and moments later, they were zipping through the streets of New York. When they arrived at the museum where the benefit was taking place, Zoe noticed that there was a huge crowd outside, all of them flashing pictures at the people as they entered the building. Marco pulled up to the covered entrance and touched her arm. "Hold off on getting out of the car until I come around to get you," he instructed.

Zoe considered ignoring him, but the truth was, she was going to need help getting through that throng of photographers so she sat there in the seat as Marco jumped out, handed his keys to the valet and came around to her door.

He stepped back, but offered her a firm hand to help her out of the car. If he hadn't been there, holding her hand and guiding her the first few steps, Zoe knew she would have fallen on her face. People were yelling questions at the two of them but Zoe didn't hear any of them because Marco pulled her close against his side and bent low to whisper in her ear. "Just stay with me, okay?"

Zoe nodded and smiled up at him, pretending like she did this all the time. He walked slowly, allowing the photographers to capture her dress to the fullest, with him as her backdrop to ensure that the color came out crisp and clear.

She leaned against him, her hand safely tucked into his arm and she concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other carefully and not falling on the sidewalk. That would be extremely painful, she thought, and humiliating.

Once through the door, she pulled away slightly, but Marco wouldn't let her go too far. He held her closer than she wanted to be held, her heart racing but for a completely different reason now.

The fundraiser was in full swing but the event coordinator spotted Marco and separated herself from the crowd, coming over to greet him. "Marco DiAngelo! I can't believe you're really here!" she gushed and air kissed both his cheeks. "When I saw your name come up on the guest list I couldn't believe my luck." She looked at him slyly, "Are you here because of your sister?"

"Of course. It's one of her favorite charities so naturally I'd come to support her."

Zoe already knew he was lying but didn't understand the reason behind it. The fundraiser was for the Humane Society and there were many prominent people in attendance, even New York City's own mayor who also separated himself and came over to greet Marco.

It was almost nauseating the way people fawned over Marco but he seemed to take it all in stride, even joking with some of the people about how they shouldn't interrupt their conversations for him. Marco introduced everyone to Zoe, explaining she was the next up and coming designer, and several of the women were interested in her designs.

"Isn't that your sister over there?" she asked, pointing to a group of people talking animatedly in the center of the ballroom.

Marco looked over and, at that moment, Darcy DiAngelo looked up as well. They were too far apart to speak, but the two of them raised their glasses in a salute to one another, and then turned back to their respective groups. "So it is," he chuckled. "She's playing it up pretty heavily," he commented.

Zoe looked at the stunningly gorgeous woman with long, beautiful hair and soft eyes, but the rest of her was all glamour, complete with a shocking amount of leg showing and a glitzy cocktail dress that flattered her figure like only Darcy could do.

The music started after the dinner and speeches but it still took Marco more than fifteen minutes to make his way to the dance floor with her. So many people wanted to speak with him and many of the women asked Zoe where she got her dress. She loved being able to tell them that she had designed it herself and when they would be able to get one for themselves. She smiled at several of the irritated faces when she mentioned it wouldn't be available for several more months.

When Marco finally got her into his arms, Zoe smiled up at him, blissfully happy to have received so much attention for her dress.

"I know you're smiling because you're in my arms and loving the way we move together," he said with a sly smile.

Zoe had to laugh because she could tell that he understood exactly what she was thinking by the cynical tone of his voice. "Thank you for tonight. It's been very fun getting so much attention for this dress."

"You deserve it. The design is creative and innovative without being too whacky that people will shy away from it. And you look incredible in it, which makes it all the better."

He spun her around and pulled her closer, Zoe gasped as she felt his arm circle her body, pressing her against his hard frame. "We're too close," she whispered, looking up at him shyly, but she didn't pull away.

"I think we're not close enough," he replied back, his voice husky and his eyes slumberous as he took in the heightened color on her cheeks. "You feel good."

Zoe cleared her throat and looked down, staring at the buttons on his silk shirt. "So do you."

Her voice was so soft, he'd barely heard the words. But her admission, so in tune with what he was thinking and feeling, made his body harden with lust for this gorgeous woman. His hand moved against her back, releasing the pressure somewhat and was relieved when she didn't move away. In fact, he thought he felt her press closer.

His leg pressed against hers as they swayed to the music. Zoe gasped when she felt his leg move in between hers. Her hand slid up his chest so it could hold onto his shoulder a bit more securely as his other hand slid down to her bottom, covered by the curtain of fabric. When she felt his hand pull her hips closer, she looked back up at him, wondering if he knew what he was doing to her.

The heated look in his eye told her he knew exactly what he was doing and Zoe couldn't stop him. Didn't want to stop him. She wanted to be closer. She wanted to press herself against him and feel more of him.

Her mouth dropped open as she watched and felt, his leg moving in and out of hers while his hand pressed her closer. That one movement was so intimate that she gasped and closed her eyes, biting her lower lip as the feeling created shivers that spread outward.

She had no idea how they'd gotten there, but Marco had danced them into a corner of the room. A moment later, he stepped back, took her hand in a firm grip and pulled her out of the ballroom, down the hallway until he reached a place where there were no other guests or wait staff. The hallway was darker than the others, quiet until Marco pulled her into his arms then pressed her up against the wall, lifting her up with both his hands and his leg that slid between her legs, pressing his hips against hers.

Zoe inhaled sharply and moaned when she felt his erection, excited when he moved so it was exactly where she wanted it. But not quite right. She needed more and she pressed her hips against him all the while his mouth covered hers, ravaging her with his touch and teeth, nipping and soothing, pulling her tongue into his mouth and sucking, then diving into hers.

Zoe was on a wave of feeling, pressing herself against him, tasting him, unbuttoning two of his shirt buttons so her fingers could slide inside and feel his skin. His mouth moved from hers to her neck and she cried out when he found a sensitive spot behind her ear.

"We have to get out of here," he growled. Stepping back, he buttoned his shirt back up and looked down at Zoe. She looked like she'd just been thoroughly kissed but at least her hair was still intact. Her lips were swollen and she had a dazed, hungry look in her eyes but other than that, he thought they'd be able to make it through the ballroom and out the front door without too many questions.

"Can you walk?" he demanded.

"Yes," she confirmed and stood back, her hands shaking but feeling the raw need to have him back in her arms.

"Let's go," he said and took her hand back in his large, warm one.

She went willingly, desperate to feel his strength against her more thoroughly, to feel those sensations once again and lose herself in his kiss, his touch.

Unfortunately, escaping the ballroom wasn't as easy as they'd anticipated. As soon as they were back, Marco was surrounded by people who wanted "just one more question" or ask his advice about one deal or get his opinion about a company they were considering investing in.

Initially, Zoe was furious that these people thought they could impose on Marco like that, as well as frustrated that each question was slowing down their exit. But as her body came back to normal, she was horrified about what might have happened if they'd continued kissing.

Who was she kidding? They weren't just kissing. She and Marco had practically been having sex in the hallway. A few more minutes of that, she might have ripped off his clothes. Or hers, she wasn't really sure. She was shaking with reaction, about what she'd done and what most likely would have happened if they'd remained in that hallway.

Marco felt her shivers and looked down, concerned but she smiled up at him, reassuring him that she was okay. He turned back to the person he was talking with and Zoe slipped her hand out of his. He looked back but she just whispered that she was running to the ladies room.

She walked with as much dignity as possible out of the ballroom, then asked the doorman to get her a cab. She was grateful for the cool night air but realized that she'd forgotten her cloak. Uncaring, afraid Marco would have extricated himself from conversations by now and desperate to have some additional time to cool down, she just stepped into the cab and gave her address. She'd come back tomorrow to get her cloak.

Taking her cell phone out, she typed in a message to Marco letting her know that she was fine and heading home. At the end, she said, "It's safer this way."

She held the cell phone in her hand, waiting for his angry response, but relieved when she arrived back at her loft without any word from him. She paid the cab driver, then let herself into her loft, leaning against the door with relief.

She slipped the shoes off her feet, then unzipped the back of her dress. Up in her bedroom, she hung up the dress and pulled on her fluffy pink robe, instantly feeling much better now that she wasn't so constricted.

She'd just finished brushing her teeth when the pounding on her door happened. "Zoe, open this damn door now!" she heard Marco say.

Zoe pulled her robe tighter and walked quickly down the stairs to pull open the door. "What are you doing here?"

Marco didn't answer her. Instead, he pushed his way into her loft, his eyes furious. "You walked out on me."

"I sent you a text and told you I was okay."

"You said leaving would be safer!"

"Yes."

"When we go to a function together, we leave together," he said in a low, furious growl. He pulled her into his arms, his mouth covering hers before she could protest. Within seconds, he had her melting in his arms once again, pulling her up against him. All those feelings roared right back at her and Zoe could barely breath in her need to touch him, kiss him and feel him against her body.

But he pulled away. "That's the way we end the evening, Zoe. Don't ever leave me again." With that, he spun around on his heel and walked out of the loft, leaving Zoe breathless, her mouth swollen and her whole body aching for fulfillment.

Chapter 5

Zoe dressed in a pair of black, wide leg slacks and a black turtleneck sweater the following morning. She didn't feel excited as she should after the success of the previous evening. Instead, her eyes were gritting from lack of sleep and she was angry and frustrated.

Going down to the cutting room, she stared at the work being done, not really seeing anything. When she realized that she was completely useless, she stomped into her office and plunked down at her work table. Taking a sketching pencil, she started drawing. In the back of her mind, she heard people coming and going, asking her questions but she didn't look up to respond. At some point, Debbie took control and started fielding the questions usually Zoe would work through, but today, she simply couldn't handle anything but drawing and creating.

By lunch, her hand ached and her back was sore from bending over her work table for so many hours.

"What the hell happened last night?" Debbie asked, placing a sandwich in front of Zoe and sitting down opposite her with her own sandwich.

Zoe looked at the food and suddenly, she was starving. "I told you, Marco took me to a fundraiser at the museum last night."

Debbie raised an eyebrow. "And that's all that happened?" she asked skeptically.

Zoe was just about to take a bite but she lowered the sandwich and looked across at Debbie. "Why do you ask?" She lifted the sandwich again and forced herself to take a bite, not tasting anything.

"Because WWD called about thirty minutes ago. They asked if we could send over something for their next issue."

The bite of food she'd just taken stayed in Zoe's mouth. She tried to chew it, and almost choked on the bite as it went painfully down her throat. "Women's Wear Daily?" she asked, her voice showing her awe and excitement. "Are you kidding me?"

Debbie's grin widened. "Would I kid about something like that?"

Zoe wasn't sure she believed it. WWD was THE authority in the fashion industry. It was like the gateway for any fashion designer. Until a designer was in WWD, they hadn't "made it".

"When did they call?" she asked, still whispering as if saying anything out loud might rip the dream out of their grasp.

Debbie had to laugh. "I mentioned it a moment after they called but you were completely focused on sketching," she said. "I thought perhaps food might snap you out of it and Voila! Here we are, you are snapped back to reality, and I'm the bearer of awesome news. So 'fess up and tell me what happened to garner this kind of attention."

Darcy explained about the paparazzi being at the fundraiser because of Darcy DiAngelo's presence, the way Marco had ushered her into the museum amid the snapping photographs and all the questions about her dress she was asked.

"Sounds like quite a night," she replied, noting the blush that crept up Zoe's cheeks. "And did anything happen with your new partner?' she asked astutely.

Zoe took a bite of her sandwich. "It's a professional relationship. What are we going to send them" she asked, her mind whirling about crazily.

They spent the rest of the afternoon going through the options, discarding various dresses, picking up new ones, trying to figure out what they should send over. In the end, they had four dresses, two daytime options and two evening gowns. Both were "inspired" Debbie proclaimed and showed off Zoe's personality in the designs.

Debbie did the honors of dropping the outfits off at the magazine while Zoe excitedly caught a cab and sped over to Marco's office, eagerly wanting to tell him the amazing news. Once through security, she asked his executive assistant, Nancy, if he was available.

"I don't have an appointment and I know he's extremely busy. But I was hoping to just grab a moment of his time, if possible," she begged.

Nancy was a very nice older woman, probably in her mid-fifties, who smiled broadly at Zoe's excitement. "Mr. DiAngelo mentioned to me last week that you were to be put through to him no matter what was going on."

Zoe was both charmed and terrified of that information. But she didn't have much time to think about the meaning since Marco came out of a conference room right at that moment. Zoe had a few moments to watch him and was impressed all over again. He was surrounded by a large group of men and women, most of whom were older but all deferred to his judgments as they asked him questions walking down the hallway. He was also much taller than the men while several of the women looked at him with secret longing, but most were too professional to let their feelings show through, at least to him. Apparently emotions weren't exclusive to the women. Several of the men had signs of jealousy on their faces as well.

Marco had the patience of a saint, answering their questions with authority and confidence. She had no idea what they were discussing, the business terms and amounts they were tossing about were way out of her league, but Marco knew exactly what they were discussing and didn't show any sign of being irritated despite the fact that the meeting had already ended.

Until he saw her standing in the hallway watching him and in that instant, Marco's face changed in a not so subtle way. The people surrounding him also noticed and looked her way, all of them curious to see what had created that kind of reaction. When several pairs of eyes were looking at her, she felt her face heat up and couldn't do anything to stop it.

With a firm nod, Marco dismissed the group of people, none of whom dared to ask even a short, quick question as their boss walked away from them, heading down the hallway with purpose.

Without saying a word, Marco pulled her into his office and closed the door. Crossing his arms over his chest, he looked down at her flushed features. "To what do I owe this honor?" he asked, one eyebrow raised in question and a bit of cynicism.

Zoe had to think hard to remember why she'd come by. But when she did, all the excitement and sheer bliss of that one phone call this morning shone through to her brown eyes. "Oh, Marco! I'm sorry to disturb you. But I really was just too excited and wanted you to be the second person to hear the news."

"The second?" he asked, interrupting her. "Why not the first?"

She stopped and thought about it for a moment. "Well, actually, I guess you're the third, since I was really the second. Debbie was the first."

Marco chuckled but shook his head. "Regardless, what's the wonderful news?"

"My designs are going to be featured in WWD!"

The other eyebrow went up as well. "I'm guessing this is important?"

She grabbed the lapels of his jacket and shook him slightly. "Don't you know what WWD is? How could you invest in a fashion company and not know this? It's one of the preeminent journals that comes out each week, describing the news of fashion. Everyone in this business has a subscription in order to keep up with the latest news."

"So this is important."

"Yes! It's wonderful. And amazing! And it's all because of your invitation last night and I can't believe how incredible this is! I just wanted to thank you for the introductions last night. They're the only way this could have happened."

"Are you sure it was the introductions and not simply the incredible design you wore last night? I'd love to take credit for this event, but maybe it was just your sparkling personality and great fashion sense."

She laughed and hugged him, her excitement overwhelming her good sense to keep some space between them. "Even if that's true, I wouldn't have even been there if you hadn't brought me so it's still your wonderful influence who has provided this breakthrough."

"I'll take the credit," he said softly, a small smile on his face as he looked down into her lovely features. Marco felt like he'd had his own breakthrough. By her being here, telling him the news and wanting to do it in person proved that she at least considered him to be a good partner. If only professionally. And seeing her like this made his investment completely worth every penny. She was practically vibrating with her excitement and she was touching him of her own volition, not even caring that his hands were on her hips and she smelled incredibly good.

Zoe realized how intimate their position was and thought about pulling back. But something in his eyes stopped her. Actually moved her forward. With her heart beating frantically, she lifted her head, moving closer to him. He was too tall for her to kiss without help, but when she moved her hand from his jacket to his cheek, he cooperated by bending his head down. The first, tentative touch was from her as she tasted, tested and experimented. But after several moments of that teasing, Marco took control and pulled her closer, his mouth moving down to more thoroughly kiss her, his tongue plundering her mouth while his hands pulled her closer.

"Zoe," he groaned and pushed her backwards. She didn't know what was happening until she felt something solidly pressing against her back. With him in front of her and the wall behind her, she didn't care any longer what was safe or reasonable. All she wanted was his touch and his taste. She thrilled to feel him pressing her closer and her arms lifted to wrap around his neck.

When she felt his hand against her skin, a part of her mind realized that he'd slipped his hand underneath her turtleneck sweater but didn't care at all. In fact, she pressed her body more firmly against his hand, thrilling to his touch and wanting more of it, needing him to move his hand higher. She whimpered when he did exactly what she wanted and touched his neck, almost furious that his collar hindered her hands from touching more of his skin.

The phone ringing in the background slowly worked its way through her desire-fogged brain. "Phone is ringing," she whispered.

"I don't give a damn," he said and she felt his other hand slip underneath her sweater. At that point, the whole building could be burning down and she wouldn't care.

But when the knocking sounded on his office door, that was a bit harder to ignore.

"Someone is trying to interrupt us," she groaned.

"They're fired," he growled back. But he pulled his head back, his hands sliding out from underneath her sweater.

He looked up at the ceiling, his eyes closed as he worked to gain a bit of control. When he looked back down at her, he shook his head. "As soon as I let you go, you're going to start thinking and we're not going to finish this."

She opened her mouth to deny it, but then her mind clicked into action. She realized that she was in his office, in the bright light of day and she was exactly where she shouldn't be, in his arms and kissing him like there was no tomorrow. "You're probably right."

He sighed and put his forehead against hers. "We're going to have to do this when there's no worry about interruptions Zoe. I can't take much more of this. I want you. And if you'd stop fooling yourself, you'd admit that you want me too."

She took an unsteady breath, but couldn't reply.

Marco stepped back and sighed. "Okay, for now, we step back and enjoy your good news. But soon Zoe, very soon, we're going to finish this."

He pushed away from the wall and walked over to his office door. Several people were standing outside waiting for their time with Marco and Zoe slipped out of the office, her worried expression giving him more information than if she'd actually spoken.

Marco watched her walk away and gritted his teeth in frustration. No woman had ever been able to get to him so quickly and so powerfully as this one. He tried to take it slow, but as soon as she stepped into his arms, they seemed to just light each other on fire. Something was going to have to give he thought as he sat down behind his desk and tried to concentrate on his next meeting. It was tough, but eventually he was able to get her response out of his head. Or at least calm his body down enough to focus on what was being said.

Chapter 6

Zoe looked around at the chaos of her office and felt as if she were coming apart at the seams. "Debbie!" she called out, picking up papers and fabric swatches, desperately looking for the order forms that she'd put somewhere in this mess.

Debbie stuck her head in Zoe's door, but looked just as frazzled as Zoe was feeling.

Zoe picked up another stack, and then slapped the papers back down on her desk since they hadn't revealed the documents she was looking for. "Do you know where the orders are for the Cleo stores? I thought I put them over on this stack, but I can't find them."

Debbie shook her head. "I thought they were there as well." She stepped into the office, dropping her own pile of paperwork to help her search for them.

They looked for over thirty minutes before Zoe found them in her design basket - not a good place for orders to be placed.

They both sat down with a sigh of relief and shook their heads. "It's been two weeks since Marco started helping us and now I don't know how we're going to deal with all this craziness. The orders are coming in faster than we can fill them."

Zoe nodded, so exhausted she couldn't figure out what day it was. She'd been working seven days a week trying to get through all the work but she was drowning in paperwork. Each night, Marco took her out to some function or dinner party and he worked the room like a pro, introducing her to all the right people, moving around the room and gaining as much attention to whatever outfit she was wearing. They were generally out until eleven o'clock or later, while Zoe woke up early each morning trying to keep up with the additional orders that had come through since the publicity had started. It was absolutely insane how many people saw her photos and wanted more information on the spring or fall line.

"I'd love to sleep for the next three days," Zoe said, sighing heavily and leaning her head back against the wall. "You've had just as much sleep as I've had."

"Yes, but you've been out partying it up and having a blast while I've been here, slaving away, working on creating more paperwork so when you come in each morning, you know what I've been doing while you were hob-knobbing with the elite."

Zoe laughed because Debbie wouldn't go to those functions if her life depended on it. She hated social functions and parties, was always the one who got into fights with her husband about his work obligations. Besides, Debbie abhorred shoes with any heel higher than one inch while Zoe wouldn't be caught dead in a cocktail dress with less than a three inch heel.

"So why haven't you gotten this all organized while I'm boozing it up?' she teased.

"Because I sit back here hiding and eating bon bons, don't you know?"

Zoe giggled and shook her head. "I think we need help."

"What was your first clue? The fact that you haven't started designing the next line and you're normally up to at least a hundred options by this point? Or the fact that you can't even find your work bench anymore because it's covered with papers? Or maybe it's the stack of resumes piling up that will be staffing the second shift. Or it would be if we could find the stack of resumes."

"Resumes. Ugh!"

"I know." Debbie sighed and pulled herself up. "I need a secretary. And a customer service representative. And a data entry clerk. That's just for starters."

"With that kind of staff, we need a whole new office space." Zoe leaned forward and put her head in her hands. "I don't know what to do!"

Debbie put a hand to Zoe's back. "You know exactly what you need to do. But maybe you should do it after a nice, long nap."

Zoe looked up, seeing the concern in Debbie's face and sighed, admitting defeat now that the evidence was overwhelming. Quality was going to suffer if they didn't get some help but Zoe didn't know how to keep up with everything. "I know. I'll ask Marco for advice."

"It's not a sign of weakness," Debbie said softly.

"I'm sure it's not."

The phone started ringing and their five minute break was finished. Debbie stood up and put a hand to Zoe's shoulder. "Just go upstairs and sleep for two hours. I'll come get you if you go longer, don't worry. Once you've had a bit of a break, you'll feel much better and will be able to think this through with better perspective."

Zoe nodded and walked out of the office, taking the back stairs. Her legs were so tired, they were barely able to carry her up to her loft. She was so tired, and not just from the work and social calendar she'd been dealing with. It was so much more. And it all centered around Marco. When he picked her up in the evening, she was nervous and excited to see him again. And when he walked into the room, she felt as if electricity had suddenly bolted through her. He revived her and excited her and kept her going throughout the evening with his small touches and teasing remarks whispered in her ear that had her laughing throughout the whole event. She loved being with him but each moment she spent in his company was making the job harder. When he drove her home each night, she wanted so desperately to ask him to come up to her loft, to have his arms wrap around her and feel his strength as he wrapped her up in his heat.

But he hadn't kissed her since that time in his office. He'd been very careful to drop her off in front of her building but never walk her up, or asking to come up and have a drink. She thought he might be waiting for her to make the first move, but she couldn't, too afraid of what might happen if they were alone together. They'd been alone in the hallway that first night and had almost made love against the wall. Then they'd been alone in his office and she'd been unable to sleep that night, thinking about what might have happened if someone hadn't knocked on his door. What would happen if they were alone together now? If she indicated even the slightest interest in being alone with Marco?

Sighing, she pulled her long, black boots off and tossed them to the end of her bed, then slid her stockings down. She didn't have the energy to take off her soft, green cashmere sweater dress so she simply laid down on her bed and pulled the fluffy comforter over her legs. Within moments, she was asleep.

The phone ringing woke her up and she glanced at the clock, wondering what time it was. It was already dark outside but since it was early fall, that might mean anything from five o'clock in the evening to the wee hours of the morning.

She was still too tired to see the clock, so she just answered the phone, trying to hide the sleep in her voice. "Hello?"

"Zoe, are you okay?" Marco's concerned voice came through to her sleepy brain.

"I am now."

"Then come answer your door."

"Who's at my door?" she asked, sitting up and looking around.

"I am."

Zoe almost dropped her cell phone. "Why?"

"Because I have your dinner with me. And it's hot. So if you don't let me in, I'm going to start eating it myself."

Zoe couldn't help but laugh at the image of the extremely large, scarily sophisticated Marco sitting in her hallway chowing down on some takeout food. "I'd like to see that."

"No you wouldn't. Let me in. I have wine too."

She couldn't resist him when he was being charming and witty. Or maybe he wasn't all that funny to others and she just had an odd sense of humor. "I'm on my way down."

She slipped her feet into fluffy pink slippers and then descended the stairs. Opening the door, she braced herself for that electric feeling and, sure enough, he didn't disappoint. At the first sight of Marco, all the fuzziness in her brain dissipated.

He was standing in the hallway with two large paper bags, obviously from some upscale grocery store. He stepped into her doorway and kissed her lightly, looking down at her with a dark look in his eyes. "You look delicious," he said, then stepped past her. "I love the shoes," he quipped as he placed the bags on the counter in her kitchen.

Zoe was still tingling from the kiss but she watched him carefully, leaning against the door. "What brings you here in the afternoon? Don't you have some company to take over or buy up? You only own half of New York City. I wouldn't want to be the one to slow you down on your acquisition of the other half."

His look was admonishing and she laughed. "I have many assets outside of New York, my lovely. And the reason I'm here is because I called your office about tonight and your assistant told me you had left work early. When you didn't answer your cell phone, I came over to find out where you were."

"And the food?" she asked, peering into the bag to see what kinds of surprises he'd brought but he pushed the bags out of her reach. "Two simple reasons; I'm hungry and you've lost weight. I'm here to fatten you up."

Zoe looked down at her dress and realized that it did look a bit too loose. She sighed as she pushed away from the counter. "So why won't you let me see what's in the bag?"

He pulled the wine out and tore off the metal top. "Tell me what's wrong first."

She crossed her arms over her stomach and looked at the wine bottle, unable to hold his gaze. "Nothing's wrong. Why would you think something is wrong?"

He chuckled and shook his head as he pulled down two wine glasses from her cabinet. Zoe wondered how he knew exactly where she kept them, but had to focus on him instead of letting her mind wander. He was in his "genius-mode" she thought. She'd seen it several times over the past few weeks when he was discussing business. There was just a look about him, an excitement to discover something that made his eyes a bit more intense. She'd thought it was a turn-on when he'd directed that look at someone else but now that he was sharpening that gaze in her direction, she was terrified.

"Why would you think something is wrong?"

Marco wasn't sure if he wanted to shake her or kiss her until she was delirious. Maybe start with one and end with the other, he considered. Trying for patience, he handed her a glass of rich, red wine and waited until she'd sampled the excellent vintage before continuing. "Zoe, why are you afraid to trust me?" he asked softly.

Zoe's eyes darted up to his, then quickly away. She wandered over to the sofa and sat down, pretending to enjoy the wine. "Marco, there's nothing to worry about. I'm fully capable of handling the business."

He studied her carefully, considering the best way to approach her so she wouldn't be hurt. He took the chair opposite her and watched her features. "When I grew up, I used to watch my father carefully. I always knew when he was doing legitimate business or something a bit more nefarious because of his body language. He was a great poker player, but being on the sidelines and allowed to observe, I learned a great deal more than my father might have wanted me to know about. The most useful thing though, was to watch him interact with his deputies. They were all terrified of him, worried that if they messed up even in the smallest detail, my father would snuff them out."

"He never did, did he?" she asked, fascinated despite her abhorrence for violence and criminals.

"Of course he did. Although I wasn't sure how that order was conveyed, I knew the pecking order and when someone didn't show up for a meeting, I knew that he'd been taken care of."

"That's horrible."

"That's the mafia. And I didn't like it either."

"So are you telling me that if I don't get things straightened out, you're going to snuff me?" she teased.

He smiled briefly, but shook his head. "No, I'm trying to point out that when someone in my organization is messing up, the worst thing she or he can do is hide it like my father's deputies used to do. It's never good and the problems only get worse. But if they come and ask for help, they always get it and I never think worse of them for it. In fact, I consider their request for help a sign that they're actually maturing in their management skills since they know when to ask an expert."

"Are you always the expert?"

He chuckled. "I'm usually the one in the meetings asking the questions. I hire the experts in their field and demand assistance when there's a problem."

"And you're saying I need to 'fess up and ask for help?"

"Exactly."

She took a deep breath and the tears formed in her eyes. She blinked to keep them at bay but she wasn't sure if she was successful. "I can't keep up with the work that's been coming in. I don't have the personnel to accomplish all of the orders, we're running on fumes now and we don't have the time or personnel to find additional space. We're so swamped with orders from all the publicity you've generated for us that we're drowning in it and I'm falling behind on my normal schedule."

With that, she took a long, deep breath and let it out, feeling enormously better for admitting it to him. "And I can't even consider how to make things better. There's only so much time in the day." She put her wine glass down on the coffee table and angrily walked over to the window, but she didn't see the lights of the city as the sun set. All she saw was her work table covered with papers and another weekend where she had so much paperwork to do she couldn't even design, something she needed as a mental outlet, not just as a business task.

He came up behind her and put his hands on her shoulders, soothing her when she jumped. "Does it feel better now that you've told me all that?"

She hiccupped out her laugh. "Not at all. You're the big boss man who's probably never done anything wrong in his life when it comes to business. So admitting that I'm basically an organizational failure is not liberating, it's humiliating."

She heard him chuckle behind her and wanted to turn around and smack him. "This is not funny, Marco!" she growled.

"What's funny is you thinking I haven't done anything wrong in business. I wish that were the case, but it's simply not true. Don't put me up on that pedestal. I'm not perfect. I might have more experience, but I'm definitely fallible."

She turned around and looked up at him. "Okay, so who do I turn to for help?"

"Well that would still be me."

"But you just told me you don't have the answers."

"I have many answers, both business and personal. The business ones you just have to ask me the questions and I'll give you some ideas and will help you implement anything you decide."

She knew she shouldn't ask, but she did anyway. Some compulsion, or curiosity deep down inside her, a penchant for danger perhaps, forced the words out of her mouth. "And the personal questions?"

"Ah, I have the answers to that too."

"What are the questions?"

"When are we going to become lovers is at the top of your mind," he said softly, his thumb rubbing against her lips. "What will it be like once you finally give in and taste the full passion we can have together, is another."

"I'm not thinking that," she whispered, mesmerized by his touch and the heated look in his eyes.

"Yes you are," he argued before his lips touched hers carefully.

"No I'm not," she countered, trying to shake her head.

But he stopped her by covering her mouth with his, taking her gasp in his mouth. "You're lying, Zoe," he said softly, and deepened the kiss.

When his lips took over hers, she couldn't resist the allure of his scent any longer. She gave in to the need to touch him and reached up so her fingers were skimming along his neck. When she became frustrated at the lack of skin, she pulled his tie loose, and then unbuttoned several of the buttons so her fingers could feel more.

She didn't know how it had happened, but when she felt the cooler air on her shoulders, she realized that Marco had somehow undone the tie on her dress and was in the process of pulling it down her shoulders. She wanted to help him, but her fingers wouldn't leave the warmth of his skin on his chest long enough to get rid of the fabric.

"Zoe, please tell me you don't wear things like this all the time under your clothes," he said, looking down at her black lace bra and thong underwear. Her black garters were trimmed at the top with lace and he groaned as his fingers circled her tiny waistline.

"Of course I do. Why wouldn't I?"

He groaned as his hands slid down her back, cupping her bottom and bringing her closer. "You have got to be the sexiest woman I've ever met," he said before his mouth covered hers again. He lifted her up, wrapping her legs around his waist as he carried her upstairs.

Laying her on the bed, he stood back up and ripped the tie off, tossing it behind him before working on the buttons of his shirt. "Stay where you are," he said when she started to sit p. "I've wanted to see you like this for so long and it's better than my fantasies."

She smiled seductively up at him with those words, her hands moving up to the straps of her bra, slipping one off her shoulder as she watched his eyes. Marco's eyes never left her hands, waiting, his fingers frozen against the front of his shirt as he waited for her to move it lower.

"Keep going," he demanded when she stopped.

Zoe licked her lips, her nervousness disappearing with the intensity of his gaze. She felt powerful, sexy and desired. She moved the strap lower, slowly shifting the fabric down. When her breast was revealed, she saw the shift in Marco's eyes. Gone was the patience, replaced with a fire so hot she wasn't sure what to do. But she didn't have time to be concerned. His hands stopped working the buttons and simply pulled the fabric over his head, dropping it on the floor before moving back to the bed, his head zeroing in as his mouth covered her breast, sucking on the nipple, teasing it until she was screaming with need before moving to the next, pulling the strap down on the other side just as she'd done, but without the hesitation.

"You're beautiful," he growled as his mouth moved down her stomach, nibbling on her hip bone before moving lower.

Zoe gasped when his head kissed her inner thigh. "Open for me Zoe," he coaxed and she sighed when his fingers moved softly against her body. His mouth moved lower, blowing softly against the curls hiding her core.

She held her breath, waiting for him to touch her and when he did, she wasn't disappointed. His mouth was warm, hot and fantastic as he tasted her, his tongue moving against her as his finger slid inside her. She screamed out when he moved his tongue and finger at the same time, arching up against him. She hadn't wanted to climax like this, but he was too skilled, too magnificent to hold back and her body vibrated as her orgasm shuddered through her, her fingers clenching the comforter on either side of her body.

Marco moved up, kissing his way to her neck. "That has got to be the sexiest thing I've ever experienced," he said just as his mouth took her earlobe, biting gently. "Will you do it again?" he asked, tossing the rest of his clothes off to the side as he watched her come down from her orgasm.

Zoe immediately shook her head, her breathing still rapid as her body slowly recovered from his tender ministrations.

He laughed softly. "Let's see, shall we?" he asked and pulled her knees up so they were around his waist. As he slid slowly into her, Zoe's body reacted sharply. No longer was she relaxed and recovering. With his movement, her body arched back again, pushing against him as she moved to take all of him inside her. When he continued to fill her, she gasped at his size, at how perfectly he felt. Her eyes widened in alarm, but he pulled back, then eased in deeper and Zoe closed her eyes, feeling incredibly good as he started moving.

Soon though, the slow, methodical movements were no longer enough. She wanted more. She wanted faster. She wanted him deeper and her arms gripped him, her hands moving down his back so she could hold onto his hips. She tried to make him move faster, but he wouldn't let her, setting the pace and watching her face, her reactions.

Marco gritted his teeth, holding back his own until he knew she was almost upon her second climax. When he felt the shivering begin, then he let go, at which point, the control he'd established over his body was released and he couldn't hold back anything. He watched in fascination and awe as Zoe's orgasm spasmed out, throbbing around him and pulling him deeper, intensifying the explosion.

Long minutes later, Zoe stared up at the high ceiling of her loft, trying to slow her breathing to something more manageable. Closing her eyes, she concentrated on catching her breath, and stopping the shivering that had taken over her body.

"Are you okay?" Marco asked, looking down at her as he lifted himself up on his elbows.

Her hand lifted slightly to try and touch his shoulder, to reassure him that she was okay, but she couldn't lift her arm, too weak from that last explosive climax to do anything other than nod slightly.

He rolled over onto his back, taking her with him so she was draped over his side. "You're lovely," he said, pulling her hair off to the side, his fingers sliding through the long, dark brown tresses. "Does it take you a long time to take care of all this hair?" he asked.

Zoe had to laugh. She'd just had the most incredible moment of her life and he wanted to know about her hair. "Yes," she finally said through her laughter.

"What's so funny?" he asked, his hand moving from her hair down her back to rest on her bottom.

She shook her head and sighed. "Nothing."

"At least nothing you're going to tell me, I'm guessing," he said, his eyes looking at her soft features and lovely smile. He was curious, but at this point, he didn't really care. She was in his arms, the place he'd wanted her to be for more than ten years and she looked deliriously happy. He'd put that smile on her face and she felt too damn good to do anything more than shift her weight slightly so he had better access to all that delectable skin. "I hope you're not very hungry."

"I'm starving," she said.

"Too bad," he replied and covered her breast with his mouth. Zoe gasped as the electricity shot through her, going straight to her core as her legs wrapped around him tightly. His hand moved to the other and she reached up to grab his wrists, initially to pull them away because the sensations were too intense, but then she simply held him there as his fingers teased and tested, his other hand moving downwards to test more sensitive areas and Zoe cried out as his fingers found her, slid inside and made her writhe in pleasure so intense she could barely see straight.

Several hours later, Zoe was back down in her kitchen, her fluffy robe on and her knees still shaking from the things she'd just experienced at his hands. Never in her life had she even dreamed things like that could happen. The things he made her body feel, the tremors that shook her, were beyond fantasy, she thought. They were insane!

She slumped in her chair and watched as Marco chopped and stirred up something on her stove that smelled absolutely delicious. She was too content to ask what he was making, so she sat there sipping her wine and enjoyed the view of Marco in her kitchen with only his slacks on. His wide, muscular back rippling in front of her as he reached for different things, offered her samples and just generally made her weak with the need to touch him again, feel him and move with him inside her once more.

She knew she was in trouble, but right now, she didn't have the energy to do anything about it. She simply enjoyed having him around, knowing she'd have to deal with the heartache at some point. Marco was a gorgeous specimen of manhood, she couldn't keep him to herself. He'd move on to the next woman, just as he had the last time.

She just hoped it wouldn't be as quickly as it had ten years ago. She'd only gotten a few days that last time. Were her days already numbered? Would he move on to the next woman next week? Next month?

Tomorrow?

The pain in her chest at the thought of another woman sharing what they'd just shared hurt more that she could deal with. So instead of dwelling on that kind of scenario, she chose to live in the moment. Enjoy Marco while she had him, then deal with the heartache when it was over.

He cooked, they ate, and then he picked her up and carried her up the stairs, following her down onto her bed while they made love into the wee hours of the morning.

Chapter 7

Zoe woke up feeling incredibly warm and comfortable. As soon as she turned her head, she knew something was very, very wrong.

Marco was holding her close as he slept and Zoe buried her head on his chest, wondering how she was going to extricate herself from this situation. She'd only had one other "morning after" but it had been with a guy she'd been dating for over a month. The sex had been difficult and the next morning, she'd broken up with him, slipping out the door as he'd reacted to her statement that she didn't want to see him anymore.

With a sigh, Zoe knew that wasn't the case with Marco. She definitely wanted to see him again. In fact, she wanted to curl up closer to him and fall back to sleep. She loved the way he smelled, the way his chest hair tickled her nose and she felt very secure and loved with his muscular arms wrapped around her like this. She hated moving, but she knew she'd hate the awkward moments after he woke up even more.

She could imagine him trying to quickly dress and get out of her loft as if she were some sort of murderer, scrambling for clothes, not even bothering to shower in his haste to "get back to work".

Ducking under his arm, she slipped out of bed and grabbed her robe, then tip-toed to the bathroom to shower. She wanted to be quiet, but after last night's activities, there was no way she could leave without a shower. She made it fast though, hoping not to wake him up.

She dried off and twisted her hair into a towel, intending to let it air dry since a hair dryer would definitely wake that man up. She dressed as quietly as she could, pulling on a pair of jeans and a soft, pink sweater, then headed down the back stairs.

The others were already in full work mode as she entered through the back door. Debbie was on the phone and waved as Zoe slipped into her office. As she stared at the mess of paperwork and orders, she knew she'd have to prioritize this mess. Unfortunately, she simply couldn't do it today.

Stacking everything up and stuffing it into a bag, she cleared off her work table and sharpened all of her pencils. Pulling her sketch pad closer, she focused on creating unique, exciting designs for the next season's line up. With her hair pulled into a twist at the back of her neck and no makeup on, she knew she couldn't go out into public so she focused all of her attention on the designs, only looking at the clock ten or twelve times in the next hour, wondering if Marco had woken up and realized she wasn't there.

Should she have left a note? Woken him up as she was leaving out the back door?

Zoe had only been in this situation once before and so she wasn't exactly sure what the protocol should be when one woke up in a lover's arms. And could she even claim Marco as her lover? She knew Marco probably wasn't a one woman kind of guy and she didn't want to crimp his style. But more importantly, she didn't want to see him with another woman like she had the last time. Staying out of his way seemed like the best way to avoid that heart wrenching scene.

She'd arrived in her office just after nine-thirty. By eleven o'clock, she was jumping at just about every sound and her attempts to create something interesting for the next season had resulted in a great deal of wasted paper and effort. She couldn't draw anything! With her head held between her hands, she stared at the awful drawings she'd attempted that morning, all complete failures because she couldn't keep her mind on her work instead of worrying about Marco's reaction to her disappearance.

She didn't have much longer to wait. Just before lunch, her office door slammed open.

"You walked out on me again," Marco said as he stormed into her office.

Zoe's head snapped up and she watched with trepidation as he walked purposefully towards her. "Don't ever do that again," he said with a growl. "When I go to sleep with you beside me, I damn well better find you right next to me when I wake up."

Zoe swallowed audibly and nodded her head. "I just thought it might be..."

"Awkward?" he filled in for her when she hesitated. His eyes watched hers and he shook his head. "Zoe, by now I know every part of your body. Now I'm damn well going to know everything else. So don't leave me in the morning again, understand?"

Zoe wasn't sure exactly what to say, but thought it might be better to simply agree with him. "Okay."

He leaned in closer, his spicy aftershave filling her nostrils. "And there are going to be many, many more nights so you damn well better get used to waking up with me in the morning. If it feels awkward, then there's only one thing to do about that."

When he didn't continue, she asked, "What's that?"

"Practice. You're coming with me," he replied, not really elaborating but simply picking up all her sketch pencils and her paper, stuffing them into a bag, then grabbing her hand.

"Where are we going?" she asked as he pulled her reluctantly behind him.

He didn't answer, but as they passed Debbie's office, he called out, "Zoe's going to be gone today and for the next few days. She'll make some calls on the road and will let you know who is coming by to help out."

Debbie's only response was a weak nod as she watched her boss being dragged out of the building.

Outside, Zoe pulled her hand out of his and stopped, crossing her arms over her chest and glaring at him. "Where are we going and why are you dragging me around like this?"

He walked right back up to her and kissed her deeply, leaving her breathless and clinging to his shoulders. "You're getting into my car and coming with me. I have a list of people you're going to call on the road, then we're going to Virginia." He opened the passenger side door and nudged her into the car, slamming it shut when she was seated.

Zoe watched him walk around the hood of the car, wondering why she wasn't jumping out and standing her ground. When he slipped in beside her and started the car, she watched his profile as she said, "What's in Virginia and why this weekend?"

"I'll tell you that once we're out of the city. While I'm negotiating traffic, call these people and explain to them what you need." He handed her a paper with a list of names and phone numbers.

"Who are these people?"

"The top contact is a real estate agent who is going to find you a larger work area. You can keep this site for testing and development of your ideas but with a smaller staff, just your best seamstresses and whoever you need to create the new pieces as you design them. The second site will be in a lower rent area but with more modern work areas and a larger capacity. You'll also need offices above the work area so your expanded staff can handle the incoming orders, plus a business developer who can coordinate the orders and ensure quality."

"I don't have a business developer," she said weakly.

"That's the second name on the list. It's a recruiting firm. Talk to a woman named Joanne and explain to her your needs for a business manager, several data entry personnel and a systems administrator who can work part time to get you set up on a more robust ordering and tracking system. Explain that you need five candidates to interview by Monday morning between the hours of noon and five o'clock."

Zoe's mouth fell open. "Can she get that many people lined up for interviews that quickly?"

"Not only will she do it, she'll have backup candidates for you to interview on Tuesday in case any of her first line attempts don't work out. She'll bend over backwards to fill that many positions."

"How much will all of that cost?"

"Probably about two hundred thousand, taking all of her commissions into consideration. That's not including any relocation fees that you might need to pay out, but with the time schedule you have, I don't think that will come into play at this point."

Zoe gasped at the amount of money he was discussing. "I don't have that kind of cash!"

"You do now. I'm backing you, remember?"

His zipped through a yellow light, his powerful car zooming onto the highway, narrowly missing a cab driver that was trying to cut him off.

"And how am I going to pay you back?" she asked, terrified of moving this quickly. But Marco really didn't hold back once he was working on a project she'd realized over the past few weeks.

"You can pay me back by doubling your revenue over the next year," he said simply.

"Doubling it?" she gasped, her eyes bulging at the idea. "Are you serious?"

"That's a conservative estimate. I predict that, with a bit more advertising and filling out your staffing needs, you'll possibly even triple your current revenue trend in eighteen months."

"That's impossible."

"Are you challenging me?" he asked, giving her a sly smile as he switched lanes, the buildings quickly growing farther apart as his Maserati ate up the miles, taking them rapidly out of the city.

She shook her head and glanced down at the names. There were about ten in all and she couldn't figure out what some of the companies might represent.

"What are these other names?"

"Get through the top two first, then we'll discuss the others."

Zoe looked back down at the names and sighed. Marco was right. She did need a computer system and more staff. She and Debbie had just been discussing that yesterday afternoon. But she wasn't comfortable moving this quickly. Just two weeks ago she'd been in jeopardy of losing her whole company. Now Marco was telling her she had the potential for tripling her revenue in eighteen months? Was he insane?

Taking out her cell phone, she made the first call. The real estate agent she spoke with was incredibly competent if the questions she asked Zoe were any indication. Zoe listed her needs, relaxing as she explained the type of space that she would need, the kind of lease that she was willing to enter into, the areas in which she wanted to look within the city. The woman, named Dina Christoph, was polite and professional, taking down all the information and promising to get back with Zoe next week with several possibilities. She assured Zoe that she'd e-mail her some ideas this weekend and Zoe couldn't believe it was that simple. It had taken her months to find her current warehouse and loft, could she really have a new site available for work in the next week or two?

Joanne was next and Zoe was equally impressed with the recruiter's questions. Within fifteen minutes, Zoe was off the phone and on to the next name on the paper with the promise from Joanne to have a list of the interviews e-mailed to her Sunday evening.

Marco drove and explained the people he wanted her to contact and why. As they made their way through Pennsylvania, Zoe called a computer firm and ordered new hardware for all the new staff she was anticipating. She then called an advertising company to make an appointment for an updated, revitalized marketing campaign. Marco had her talk with a software company who she set up a meeting with to discuss an ordering system and tracking software, plus maintenance agreements. There were so many people she was now going to talk to that by the time they reached Virginia, her head was spinning with all the details.

"Okay, what now?" she asked, resting her head against the leather upholstery of the seat, closing her eyes so she could breathe a bit easier.

"Now, you relax and enjoy the weekend with me and my sister. Her husband won't be back until tomorrow so you can meet Darcy tonight since I didn't have a chance to introduce you that first night at the fundraiser dinner."

That had her sitting up in her seat. "You want me to meet your sister? But we've already met!"

Marco chuckled. "Meeting Darcy DiAngelo at a public event is not really meeting my sister."

She narrowed her eyes. "Are you telling me that the woman at that fundraiser is not your sister?"

"In a sense, that's exactly what I'm saying. But there's no way I can explain until we get to her house. But be prepared. You're in for a shock," he explained.

They were now on a country road where the late afternoon sunshine was dappling through the colorful autumn leaves and dancing through the branches. She looked around and noticed horses, cows and several dogs chasing each other through a large, open field fenced in beside the road. All the dogs were wagging their tails while the smaller ones chased the bigger ones, then reversing course and attacking the other animals. Zoe smiled at such a carefree existence and wondered what it would be like to live like this, without the stress of work or complications of relationships.

Before she was ready, Marco pulled into the driveway that led down a gravel road lined by boxwood hedges on both sides. The house at the end of the drive was extraordinarily lovely, with turrets and large windows.

As the car pulled up and parked behind a muddy Range Rover, a strikingly lovely woman opened the front door to the house. She wore a large Irish wool sweater, jeans that were too loose for her thin frame and Wellingtons that were more muddy than the Range Rover. Her brown hair was streaked with blond and pulled back into a loose pony tail high on her head. She didn't wear any makeup, but she didn't need to. The woman was breathtakingly lovely with her soft green eyes that looked like the early spring green of moss on a hillside.

Marco jumped out of the car and grabbed her, just as the woman threw herself into his arms. Zoe got out herself, grinding her teeth as Marco swung the gorgeous woman around in a circle as she laughed up at him. "It's about time you got here! I've been waiting forever!"

Marco put her down and laughed. "You're a mess," he said but there was deep affection in his voice as he looked down into the woman's features.

"Come on inside," she said, glancing at Zoe. "Thank you for bringing him down here. I've missed him so much!"

Marco put his arm around the other woman's waist as he came around the car, then stopped and held out a hand to Zoe.

Zoe ignored his outstretched hand, becoming more furious as she looked at Marco holding the other woman. In fact, never had she been angrier in her entire life. "May I speak with you privately?" she asked, obviously trying to control her temper.

The woman looked up at Marco, then at Zoe, concern etched on every part of her lovely face. Marco looked at Zoe, then down at the woman saying, "We'll follow you in. Just give us a moment."

Zoe watched with growing anger as the woman smiled tentatively, then walked into the house.

As soon as the door was closed behind her, Zoe turned the full brunt of her anger onto Marco. "How dare you bring me down here and slap another woman in my face like that. Just take me to the airport right now!" she said through clenched teeth and blinding fury.

Marco was stunned for a moment, then burst out laughing. He came around to her side of the car where Zoe was standing with her fist clenched and her eyes shooting arrows at him. It took him a long time to stop laughing, during which time Zoe became even more furious with the man and his insensitivity.

"You don't understand," he said between gasps of laughter.

Zoe tried to pull away, but he grabbed her wrist and wouldn't let go as he leaned against his car and bent over with laughter. "Please, Zoe, just..." he couldn't even finish his sentence as a new burst of laughter hit him.

When he had his humor under control, he stood up and pulled her stiff frame closer. "Zoe, this isn't what you're thinking," he started off.

She pulled herself away, but he only let her get a foot before he stopped her and pulled her back. "I can't believe...."

"Stop! Before you say anything else, I want to remind you of what I said in the car. Remember I told you that I hadn't really introduced you to the real Darcy DiAngelo?" he pointed out.

"Yes, but what...." She started to say but when his raised eyebrow went up she stopped, her mind going back to that first night at the museum, meeting a sultry brunette with stunning, sage green eyes and a clinging dress, three inch heels and shining, dark brown hair. "That's...."

Marco nodded. "That's my sister."

She thought about it a moment longer, then shook her head. "The woman you just hugged like she was a long lost lover, is your sister?"

Marco laughed and shook his head. "I didn't hug her as if she were a long lost lover but as a sister that I'd lost and only found a few months ago. We both had our own way of getting away from my father. Mine was to go off to college and start my own business. Darcy's was to hide after college, popping up occasionally to appear in night clubs. She gave the clubs advertising and a stamp of approval, they gave her embarrassing sums of money, just for showing up and dancing."

She looked at the house behind him, her mind spinning as she tried to marry up the woman in the huge sweater with the woman in the cocktail dress. "But the woman..."

"They're one and the same. It's all an image Darcy developed over the years so that my father wouldn't marry her off to one of his lieutenants in the organization. Apparently Mafia bosses are a bit hypocritical. They want their wives pure while they go off to murder, maim and swindle."

Zoe couldn't meet his eyes. "I'm so sorry," she whispered. "I can't believe I insulted your sister so horrifically when she did me such a huge favor a couple of weeks ago."

Marco pulled her closer and hugged her gently. "I can guarantee that Darcy is probably inside right now laughing about it. Probably calling her husband to tell him as well so they can both laugh about it."

Zoe pressed her face against his chest. "I'm so sorry!"

"I liked it," he said softly and put a finger to her chin, lifting her face up to his. "It demonstrates that you care about me."

Zoe panicked and pulled back, her worried eyes looking up at his. "I don't..."

"Stop, you can't take that back," he countered, smiling slightly and shook his head. "How about if we go inside now? I'll introduce you to the real Darcy."

She smiled up at him and nodded. "I guess that would be best, as long as she doesn't think I'm some sort of crazy person for my actions a few moments ago," she said.

Marco laughed and put his arm around her shoulders, leading her into the house. "Don't worry. She's going to love you."

Sure enough, as soon as they walked in, Darcy flipped her cell phone closed and approached the two of them again. "Zoe, I'm so sorry that Marco didn't warn you," she said, reaching out a hand in greeting. "Most people don't see the two different images so it isn't much of an issue. But I'm glad you're finally meeting the real me and it's very exciting to have you down for a visit. I love your dresses and was hoping you might give me a sneak peek at your new line?"

Zoe smiled gratefully and shook the other woman's hand. "I'd love to, as soon as I design it." She looked up at Marco, grimacing as she admitted, "I'm horribly behind since Marco came onto the scene."

Darcy laughed and waved them to the back of the house. "I can imagine. He sort of takes over, doesn't he?"

Inside, the house was lovely but didn't appear to feel like a museum even though the furniture was obviously expensive. It all had a well worn look to it, but not shabby.

"Come on back to the kitchen. It's almost meal time so prepare for a bit of chaos until I get the beasts settled," Darcy said as she put a tea pot onto the stove. "Would you care for some tea?" she asked, looking directly at Zoe.

Zoe was grateful that the woman was being so kind about the whole misunderstanding. "That would be very nice. Thank you."

"Just so you know, it's herbal tea," Marco warned and walked over to the refrigerator to grab a beer. "Darcy doesn't drink anything that isn't healthy for her. Thankfully, her husband isn't so crazy."

Zoe was confused initially but kept her mouth shut, trying to be polite. She'd read the tabloid headlines about Darcy's drinking days and was completely dumbfounded by Marco's comment. If Darcy didn't drink anything bad for her, what had she been drinking all those nights in the nightclubs? It wasn't like Zoe had actually read the articles. The tabloids were at the grocery store checkout lines and whenever Darcy DiAngelo went out to a night club, she made the front page of several tabloids. There were rumors of alcohol addiction, sex addiction, even some drug abuse in the last few months. But looking at this woman with her gorgeous skin and healthy, happy glow, she had to discount the rumors. They couldn't be true, she thought, thinking of how rumors flew through the fashion industry, making or breaking designers regardless of the story's validity.

Marco chuckled as he walked back across the tile floor of the kitchen. "I can see that brain of yours trying to figure out what's going on so I'll just help you out a bit. The night clubs... all an act. Darcy hired her bar tenders personally and ensured that only her employees mixed her drinks. The huge martinis she would down throughout the night, all water with a twist of lemon. The drugs? Basic over-the-counter pain killers because of a headache, most times because she'd been up for too long taking care of a sick animal and hadn't properly prepared for a night of dancing." He winked at his sister who was smirking as she poured hot water over tea bags. "And the men? They all contacted Darcy through her agent, signed a contract and played their part, also paying her to be a date for the night to further their careers or image. The actors as well, they all wanted Darcy on their arm for a night or weekend to help them land a part or get out of a marriage that was falling apart."

He put an arm around a grinning Darcy and squeezed gently. "In reality, Darcy's a babe in the woods, and perfectly content to stay hidden at home with her animals. All of whom are about to stampede through the door in a few moments so lift up your feet fast," he said just as five animals barreled through a flap in the kitchen doorway, tongues hanging off to the sides, tails wagging without any care for possible breakable objects that might be in their path.

The pack of dogs were a range of crazy breeds, none distinguishable to any specific kind, one with a chunk of an ear missing, another with obvious wounds that had healed, but were still raw looking. And yet one more that, Zoe actually did a double take on this one, but the dog's bottom was completely bare of all hair, although Zoe had no idea how that had happened. All the animals appeared to have been badly abused, but looked up at Darcy as if she were the best thing since bacon.

Darcy bent down low, greeting each one and introducing Zoe to the canine. Zoe slid off the stool and got down on the ground where she could pet each one as they were introduced and received several licks of approval for her efforts. Fred, Ginger, Moxie and two others that Zoe didn't catch their names, all wagged their tails so hard in their excitement that the back half of their bodies also moved.

"Where are the cats?" Marco asked, scratching behind the ears of a large, grey dog with a bit of pointer, Shetland and possibly pit bull mixed in.

Darcy stepped over the smaller dogs and reached for the large bag of dog food, sending the animals into a higher sense of excitement as they anticipated their evening meal.

"Mitch gave them to Claire as a birthday present last month." Turning to Zoe, she explained, "Claire and I have been friends since college along with Emma. Claire just married a guy named Mitch Sargent about three months ago."

"And is probably driving him crazy with her curiosity," Marco said from the breakfast bar, watching the chaos but keeping out of the way.

"Mitch loves it," Darcy argued. "I think he even encourages it," she said with a slight shake of her head.

"Of course he does," Marco agreed. "He gets to catch her whenever she breaks into his house," he said to Zoe.

Zoe looked at him, trying to understand. "If they're married, why would she break into his house?"

"Because she's trying to figure out how to do it without getting caught."

Zoe continued to look at him blankly and Darcy laughed, a sweet, happy sound that rose above the scuttling of the dogs as they devoured their meals, pushing their food bowls across the room as they did so.

"It's a long story. You'll have to meet her one day."

"No!" Marco said and stood up to wrap an arm around Zoe. "Zoe is never going to hang out with the three of you. Please, promise me that!"

Darcy laughed again, shaking her head. "I make no promises. Now, for our dinner," she said, clapping her hands together and looking at the two of them. "How about spaghetti?"

Marco looked down at her skeptically. "Did you cook?"

She put her hands on her hips and glared. "Why would you ask something like that?"

"Because you burn water. So did you?"

She sighed and nodded. "Okay, you have a valid point. And no, I didn't. Matt heard you were coming down for a visit and bringing a friend so he whipped it up this afternoon. All I have to do is heat it up."

Marco sighed and turned to Zoe. "Matt's an awesome cook. We're safe."

Darcy smacked his arm and rolled her eyes. "Don't be mean or I'll make you eggs for breakfast."

Marco hugged Zoe closer and shuddered. "Be very nice," he encouraged.

The evening was a great deal of fun with the three of them talking about growing up, politics, dogs and other pets. Zoe watched with fascination as Marco interacted with his sister, and he was very protective of her feelings, even to the point of taking her to the side and asking her if she was still happy with her husband, Sergei. Zoe didn't mean to eavesdrop, it was just that Marco's deep voice carried, filled with authority and concern so she heard the question inadvertently. And Darcy's response was so deliriously happy that it made Zoe smile, wishing she could feel that kind of love and adoration for her spouse. At this point, she wasn't even sure if she could have feelings for another man once Marco moved on. Just his kiss had ruined her for other men for ten years and now she'd gone and slept with him last night. Well, there hadn't been much sleep, but the point was, she knew what she'd be missing and he'd be a hard act to follow. Possibly impossible, she thought as she put the last dish into the dishwasher and closed it up just as the two of them were coming back into the kitchen.

"You didn't have to clean up everything," Darcy said as she poured more wine for Marco.

"It wasn't difficult at all. You have a lovely house, very efficient."

"Thank you. Sergei keeps telling me we need a housekeeper and other servants but the only people I'll let in is the team that comes by every few days to clean. I would feel uncomfortable with a housekeeper and butler and all those other silly people Sergei thinks are essential for an acceptable household. We have a gardener, of course, but that's as far as I'll go."

"Does Matt cook for you every night?"

"Of course not," she laughed. "Sergei insisted on a meal service though. He likes to cook, but says I won't do it when he's not around."

"You don't even remember to heat up the food when he's not around, do you?" Marco asked.

"Sometimes I forget. But I'm getting better at it."

"You look good," he said. "I'm glad you're not dropping that weight like you used to."

"Cameras add ten pounds at least," she said dismissively. "Now that I don't have to be out in the limelight as often, I don't have to starve myself."

Darcy picked up her sketch pad and started doodling while listening to Darcy and Marco talk and laugh. She wasn't trying to step out of the conversation, but all evening, she'd been thinking about a dress that would be fabulous on Darcy's delicate figure. She wasn't too thin like some of the actresses and models, but nor was she heavy in any way. There was just an ethereal quality to her that Zoe wanted to capture and enhance.

She drew the idea from several angles, not really getting it exactly right, but as she watched them laugh, Darcy drinking lemonade and Marco sipping wine, she could see the similarities in their features. As soon as that came through, Darcy knew exactly what she wanted to do to the dress. As she swiftly sketched it out, then filled in the details, her mind worked frantically, her fingers unable to keep up with the idea in her mind.

She didn't realize it, but Marco and Darcy were watching her in silence for several minutes as she bent over her sketch book, working to refine the details. When she was done, she looked at the finished sketch and smiled. Looking up, she blinked as she realized that both of them were sitting on the sofa watching, waiting.

"I'm sorry, did you ask me something?"

Marco smiled and shook his head. "We were just fascinated by the process. What have you got there?" he asked.

She turned the sketch around, eager to see what Darcy thought about the dress. It was formal and perhaps Darcy didn't go out to formal events any longer so it was a mute point. "What do you think?" she asked softly.

Darcy looked at the dress, her eyes widened in amazement. She moved closer, taking in all the details and shaking her head. "It's stunning," she whispered. "It's a work of art." Looking up at Zoe, she said carefully, "Would you mind if I bought it? Would you make it for me?"

Zoe smiled, delighted. "I designed it for you," she said, looking down at the soft green dress with the flowing satin under-dress and tissue overskirt that misted out around the skirt. The neckline wasn't fitted or low cut, but instead, was a simple square that moved down to fitted sleeves. The waist cinched in, making the dress both wraithlike and dramatic.

Darcy glanced up and smiled. "It's amazing."

"It's my gift to you for your help those few weeks ago."

Darcy was shaking her head even before Zoe had finished. "I won't hear about it. From what Marco has told me, you're an up and coming designer so it would be wonderful to have one of your gowns. Besides, I'll ask Sergei to make it one of my Christmas presents. He can spread some of his money around. He has too much of it anyway."

"It's a deal," Marco said. "And now, I'm going to take Zoe upstairs so you can get to sleep. I know you've been up since about five o'clock this morning."

"Goodness! I didn't bring anything with me," Zoe said, standing up and pushing her sketch pad back into her bag.

"Yes you did. I packed for you after you went to work this morning."

She turned to glare at him. "You did what?"

He shrugged, unrepentant. "You left me alone. Never leave me alone. No telling what I might get into."

Darcy laughed and stepped backwards. "This sounds like a private conversation. I'll let you two have at it," she said and walked to the door of the living room. "Marco, you know where your room is. Zoe can..."

"She's staying in my room." Marco watched Zoe as her face flamed into color. She started to protest but he simply shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest, indicating that the sleeping arrangements weren't negotiable.

Darcy's smile widened. "I thought so, just wanted to offer an alternative in case I was misunderstanding the vibes."

With that, she left them alone, glaring at one another. "I'm not sleeping with you in your sister's house."

He took a step forward and shook his head. "You're not sleeping anywhere but right next to me. And tomorrow morning, if you leave the bed without me, I'm going to hunt you down, toss you over my shoulder and put you right back into that bed and we'll start over again. Do I make myself clear?"

"You can't boss me around."

"Can't I?" he said, his voice soft and silky, but lethal. "I am looking forward to you challenging me." He touched her cheek, his finger sliding down to her neck and making her shiver. "You see, either way, I win. If you're next to me when I wake up, then I win. If you're not there, I get to find you and bring you back, which means I win. So there's really no loser here."

"Except me, who's not going to be able to do what I want."

His grin widened. "Oh, you can do what you want. Just within certain parameters. And I guarantee that you'll like those restrictions."

Zoe's breath was caught in the back of her throat with his words. The pictures he created with such a simple, yet enticing, threat made her heart beat faster and her skin heat up in anticipation of his touch. "Promise?" she asked breathlessly.

"Promise," he said and bent down to kiss her, picking her up in his arms and effortlessly carrying her up the stairs. Zoe didn't see the lovely rooms they passed through or any of the upstairs as Marco occupied every part of her mind with his touch, his kisses and the way he made her cry out for more of all of the above until late into the night.

Zoe woke the next morning with that same feeling of contentment but something was different. Looking around the room, she instantly loved the ice blue decor of the large, elegant bedroom but something was still wrong. And then she knew what it was. Marco wasn't in bed with her. Her hand reached out and felt the other pillow but he wasn't there. She lifted her head and looked around, only to be startled when she found three sets of eyes staring back at her, all with a look of expectant excitement.

She heard a chuckle to the left of the bed and turned to see Marco sipping coffee by the window, only a towel covering his body and he'd obviously just come out of the shower. "They're waiting for you to pet them," he explained.

Zoe glanced between the dogs who inched forward slightly, and Marco's bare chest. Holding the sheet over her own nakedness, she reached out to pet the biggest of the dogs, only to have her hand knocked off by the smallest who claimed the privilege.

Zoe laughed as they all piled closer, eager for the same attention but at the same moment, they heard something only dogs could hear and the three of them were off the bed in a split second, racing through the doorway and disappearing.

Marco stood up and grabbed the second cup of coffee, bringing it to her with a kiss. "They heard Darcy fixing their breakfast. Food always takes precedence over a beautiful female who's willing to scratch their ears." He kissed her again. Shaking his head, he said, "Silly dogs."

Zoe blushed as he sat down on the bed next to her. "How long are you going to hold that sheet over those lovely breasts?" he asked, his now free hand taking the center of the sheet and tugging gently.

She held on tightly, not ready to be as free with her nakedness as he was. "You're already showered," she said.

"You're very observant."

"Are you going to let me shower as well?"

His eyes took on a slumberous expression as he considered her request. "What do I get in return?"

She laughed and shook her head. "How about a less funky companion?"

His eyes suddenly became serious. "We need to talk...." He started to say but then the dogs came barreling back into the room, skidding to a halt on the bed. Marco and Zoe both held their coffee cups aloft, careful not to let anything spill on the soft sheets.

Zoe laughed at their eager expressions and shook her head. "I guess we're not getting anything else done until they get their attention, huh?"

Marco sighed. "I guess not."

He stood up and tossed his towel onto the end of the bed. Grabbing a pair of silk boxers, he slid them on, then pulled on a pair of jeans that were obviously well worn and showed off his muscular legs and delicious tush to perfection. A long sleeved cotton tee shirt and wool sweater followed, then he herded all the animals out of the room. "Come on downstairs when you're dressed. I'm making breakfast."

"Is Darcy really as bad of a cook as she says?"

He shook his head with gravity. "She's worse."

Zoe laughed as he took the dogs out of the room, providing her with some much needed privacy.

After her shower, Zoe looked into the bag Marco had packed for her and blushed. He'd been sweet about packing her jeans and sweaters, even her favorite sweatshirt which would be needed here in the mountains of Virginia where the autumn air was a bit cooler, but he'd also packed her underwear. And not just any underwear, but her lacy tangos and thongs, the most delicate and naughty of her bras. He'd even packed her garter belt and stockings, although she couldn't imagine why she would need them here where jeans seemed to be the normal clothing choice.

As she entered the kitchen, she could feel Marco's eyes on her. But when she looked at him, his eyes weren't looking at her face and her own flared pink when she realized that he was looking at her breasts. Most likely wondering which of the bras he'd packed for her that she'd put on.

Shaking her head, she turned to smile at Darcy who was busy chopping fruit for breakfast. "What can I do to help?"

"Not a thing. Marco put a breakfast casserole in the oven which should be ready in about ten minutes and I'm all finished with the fruit. You already have coffee so just sit down and relax, tell me more about yourself."

Zoe wasn't used to people asking about her but she was easily able to defer the conversation to the animals, of which Darcy absolutely loved to talk about. Zoe enjoyed listening to her talk about the animals and how they'd recovered from their traumas. The stories definitely explained some of the odd markings and missing points of ears on several of the animals and made her heart melt even more for the poor animals. But their personalities had certainly recovered under Darcy's gentle touch because they were all healthy and lively, eager for attention and not afraid of strangers any longer.

"I'm going to take Zoe down to the creek," he said after a delicious breakfast of an egg and sausage casserole along with succulent fruit that tasted as if it had just been picked off of a tree. "We'll bring the dogs and some balls."

Zoe followed Marco down a long pathway through the trees, enjoying the sounds of the country and laughing as the dogs all chased different balls, retrieving them and bringing them back for another toss.

Marco told Zoe about Darcy's childhood, how he'd tried to protect her from their father's waving hands and rants, but often, he was too late and he'd have to carry her off to patch her up. Several times, he'd find her under the dining room table playing with her dolls, having a private tea party with her stuffed animals. At Zoe's questioning glance, he grimaced as he explained, "My father wouldn't notice her under there, so he couldn't smack her around."

Zoe's heart went out not just for Darcy, but for the man walking beside her who had taken personal responsibility for a little girl when he should have been out running around and playing baseball with his friends instead of trying to protect his baby sister from a nightmare of a father.

"It wasn't so bad. My dad didn't mean to hit her, he was just a bit passionate when he spoke and forgot to be gentle around Darcy who had always been small for her age. And when he hit her, he simply dismissed her tears, telling her she needed to toughen up because it was a cruel world."

"Did he tell you the same thing?"

Marco looked down at the woman with tears in her eyes for two children she'd never known. "I ran faster," he said with a half smile.

"And then you went away to college, became your own man and resisted your father's threats to bring you into the family business, huh?"

Marco sighed. "Sort of. I wanted the same things he did, we just went about our goals in different ways."

Zoe sensed that he wasn't willing to talk about that right now so she let the issue drop. He led her through the woods with the dogs running around and barking at squirrels, birds and any kind of leaf that fell from the trees. By the time they arrived back at the house, Sergei had arrived and Darcy was happily sitting in his lap on the patio, completely oblivious to their return.

Marco cleared his throat and Darcy rolled her eyes as she turned around. "Don't you want to go on another walk?" she suggested, but with a teasing glint in her eyes.

"Not a chance. I want to talk business with that stupid man you married, teach him how to do things right," he countered.

Darcy sighed and stood up, straightening her sweater which Sergei had obviously messed up. "Come along, Zoe. That's man talk for boring stuff."

Zoe laughed and followed Darcy inside again. While the two of them pulled out lunch meat and sliced cheese for lunch, Zoe snuck peeks through the kitchen window at Marco as he discussed something with Sergei.

"He's a really great guy," Darcy said, looking out the window herself as they stood at the sink.

Zoe sighed. "Yes. He's really wonderful. And a great help to me in my business."

Darcy laughed. "I'm sure you would have succeeded even without Marco's help."

Zoe shook her head. "Actually, my accountant embezzled hundreds of thousands of dollars just a few weeks ago and disappeared. If it weren't for Marco, I'd be out of business and probably owing a huge amount of money to people I couldn't pay back."

"That's just like my brother," she said as she pulled some artisan bread out of a cabinet. "He really loves helping people. He was my savior when I was a kid," she said softly.

"He told me about your dad," Zoe replied.

"It wasn't so bad. But Marco hated our father for being who he was. I'm glad Marco didn't follow in his footsteps though. That would have been horrible and I wouldn't be here if he was part of the mob."

"You would have remained hidden?"

"Of course. My dad was a truly horrible person when it came to building up his empire. It wasn't until after his death a few months ago that Marco convinced me to give up the night clubs and come out of hiding. And Sergei of course," she said, smiling as her eyes shifted to her handsome husband. "He helped as well, protected me against Marco for a while but he didn't know it at the time. They're both made of the same stuff, and I can guarantee that you won't go wrong in giving your heart to Marco."

Zoe's eyes snapped over to Darcy's. "I'm not...we're not..."

"Of course you are. And I'm glad. I've seen some of the women Marco has dated in the past and he's never been like this with any of them."

Zoe looked down at the bread in her hands, her heart squeezing painfully. "How many has he brought down here?"

"None. I've only seen them in New York when I've visited. And they were all just in passing. He's never introduced me to any of them."

Zoe tried not to make too much of that comment but it did ease the tightness in her chest slightly. She knew she couldn't keep Marco forever, but it would be wonderful to bask in his warmth for a bit longer.

The men turned and caught them staring through the window, Sergei winking at his wife while Marco smirked. Zoe simply shook her head and turned away, then laughed as all the dogs raced into the house ahead of the men.

"Have you fixed us lunch?" Marco demanded, putting on a caveman attitude.

In response, Zoe tossed him a bread roll, which he caught easily in his left hand. "I'm taking that as a no, huh?" he walked over and kissed her neck, causing shivers to fly down her arms and spine. "I'll have to train you better then."

The afternoon was spent visiting wineries in the area, sampling their vintages and enjoying the gorgeous sunny afternoon. That night was a delicious meal that was delivered at the perfect temperature to simply be put on the table and served. Amid laughter and stories, the four of them dined well into the evening, relaxing and enjoying each other's company.

Chapter 8

Zoe raced through the last of her meetings, feeling as if she were on cloud nine. She loved the excitement of meeting Marco for dinner and he'd even suggested that she pack a bag and stay at his place this weekend. She'd only seen him this week when he'd picked her up for the two events he'd taken her to this week but whenever she'd opened the door, he'd swept her into his arms and kissed her until she was clinging to him, desperate to have him ignore the night's obligations and just take her up to her bed so she could have him all to herself for the night. But off to the opera or fundraiser they went. By the end of the evening, both nights she'd fallen asleep on his shoulder during the ride back to her loft. He'd carried her up the stairs and left her with a gentle kiss and an admonishment to sleep in the next morning.

She didn't, having too much to do now that Marco was directing the business side of things. It was hard to keep up with his energy level and he had so many ideas, all of which were wonderful and she was eager to implement, it just took time.

But Friday night had finally arrived and he'd promised her that they'd have a quiet evening at a restaurant, after which he'd take her back to his place for the rest of the weekend with no interruptions.

She wore a soft wool dress with a wrap around design, one that hugged her figure so perfectly that it looked like she wasn't wearing any underwear. And what little she was wearing, didn't really count in the underwear category anyway. She couldn't wait to see his reaction to her dress and felt decadent as she stepped into the cab and gave the driver the name of the restaurant.

Ten minutes later, she stepped out of the cab and paid the driver, pulling her coat a bit closer to her so others couldn't see, besides there was a distinct chill in the air as autumn slowly gave way to winter.

Marco stepped into the restaurant and nodded to several acquaintances, but his eyes scanned the crowd, looking for Zoe as his hand closed around the small box in his pocket. A week ago, he would have thought it was too soon to propose but after last weekend with his sister and brother in law, and then the nights this past week with her on his arm, he knew that she felt the same way about him as he did for her. She melted in his arms each time he kissed her, she was an absolute joy to talk with and was so ingenious about her designs that he wanted nothing more than to put his ring on her finger and declare to the entire world that she was his.

He grimaced inwardly as he saw several people that he didn't want to talk to so he stepped into the bar area, ordering a scotch while he waited for Zoe. He was about fifteen minutes early, too eager to see her to wait in his office any longer. This had a good vantage point anyway. He could see the front door from outside, so he'd be better able to catch her as soon as she stepped out of her cab.

He should have insisted on picking her up but she had said it didn't make sense for him to drive all the way down from his office to get her, only to drive all the way back uptown to the restaurant. He didn't really care about driving as long as he was heading towards her, he thought. If he'd gotten to her place early, perhaps they could have ordered in instead of eating at a restaurant. He didn't really want to share her with anyone anyway but he'd thought that a restaurant would get them fed faster so he could then take her home and spend the rest of the night making love to her.

"Marco!" a female voice said from father inside the bar.

Marco turned to see who was calling to him, prepared to tell them to simply bugger off. He groaned when he saw the seductive blond walking towards him, dressed in what could barely be called a dress. Zoe would be disgusted, he thought as he stood up, prepared to leave the bar as quickly as possible. "How are you, Denise?" he replied, showing his disinterest and unconcerned that she'd notice how rude he was being.

"Is that any way to greet a long, lost lover?" she asked, leaning in to kiss him.

Marco wanted to pull away but manners dictated that he at least acknowledge her presence. His father had been rude to whoever he hadn't wanted to talk to, no matter the place or reason. Marco worked hard to be the complete antithesis of his father and if that meant bearing a slimy kiss from a viper, so be it. "We weren't ever lovers," he said as she pulled back, his eyes scanning the room one more time for Zoe.

"We could be," she said softly, her hands sliding up around his neck as her body pressed against his. "I'd love to find out what all the talk is about where your bedroom is concerned."

Marco reached up to pull her hands off, but her comment arrested him and he looked down at her. "What are you talking about?"

She smiled and her overly glossed lips looked like they might slide off her face at any time. "I've heard some of the rumors. You're an excellent lover,' she said seductively. "So am I. Maybe we could trade secrets on technique."

Marco stood up and stepped back, but a flash of red caught his eye. "Zoe! Wait!" he called out and ripped the woman's hands off him. But Zoe was smaller, and more easily able to slip through the other diners waiting for their table. By the time Marco was out on the sidewalk, Zoe had already stepped into a waiting cab and was driving off. But not before he caught the tears in her eyes and the devastating hurt visible on her face.

Swinging around, he tried to locate the valet but both of them were busy. One was running back from wherever the lot was where the cars were stored and he whipped out a hundred dollar bill. "Get me my car as fast as you can," he ordered.

The teenager's eyes bugged out as he took in the denomination, then he turned and sprinted down the sidewalk, disappearing behind the building. Possibly thirty seconds later, Marco heard the sounds of screeching tires. He didn't even cringe as the teen turned the corner with barely an inch to spare from the brick wall and the side of his car. The boy popped out of the car and Marco dove in, heading towards Zoe's loft as quickly as he could.

At her building, his tires squealed to a stop. He slammed out of the car and took the stairs to her loft two at a time. "Zoe! Let me in honey. It's not what you think." He waited a moment, trying to hear any movement. "Please, baby! Don't do this. I can explain even if it looks bad."

He knocked several more times, then cursed himself for not making a set of keys for himself that first night he'd found her drowning her sorrows in red wine. If he had, she'd be in his arms right now and he knew he could make it better if she would just listen to him for a moment.

Sighing, he knew she wouldn't let him in, not while she was this hurt and angry. He didn't blame her. If he'd seen the same thing, he'd be furious right now. He stopped and thought for a moment and then shook his head. No, he wouldn't be furious, he'd be knocking some guy on his ass for touching Zoe but he knew she wouldn't betray him. He didn't have that episode ten years ago though. He'd deliberately hurt her back then, arranging to have that woman on his arm when he knew Zoe would be walking into the party. He'd had to do it. The scene had been the only way to protect her. But his father wasn't around to hurt her this time and there was no way in hell he would let her go again. She loved him and being this hurt about seeing him with another woman, even though he hadn't done anything and had in fact been trying to push Denise away, only proved that she had very strong feelings for him. He had to fight for those feelings now, for both of them.

Tomorrow morning, he'd come back and try and talk to her. He'd break down her damn door if he had to but hopefully she'd just let him in once she'd calmed down.

He was just about to get back into his car when he noticed the door to her work area wasn't closed properly. His mind worked quickly as he looked around, suddenly worried about an intruder. It was either that, or Zoe had come down to her office to hide out, knowing that he would come looking for her.

Stepping into the room, he listened quietly for a moment, trying to hear if someone was inside. It took several moments, but eventually he heard a sniffle and his stomach clenched when he realized that his Zoe was crying.

He pushed the door closed more firmly, uncaring if she heard him or not. When he found her, she was curled up on top of several crates, her head buried in her hands and her shoulders heaving with her sobs of misery.

"Just go away," she cried as he stood in the doorway. "I hate you for doing this to me again."

"I know, honey but believe me, it's not what you think."

She peeked out to look at him. "It looked like some woman was coming on to you."

He grimaced but nodded. "Okay, that's exactly what it was."

Zoe rolled her eyes and turned away. "Just go away. I don't need you. I can do this on my own."

"I need you. Please listen to me. That woman at the bar, she came on to me but I was pushing her away when you walked in. If you'd gotten there five seconds later, she would have been a foot away from me and I would have been walking away. I've seen her before and her husband is a disgusting old man. She married him for his money and is desperate for a bit of action on the side. I'm not willing to give that to her when I have you."

She groaned because it all made sense. He had been reaching up to her wrists which could mean he was telling the truth. "Marco, why should I believe you this time? You did almost the exact same thing ten years ago."

He moved closer and took her hand, not letting go when she tried to pull it away. "Zoe, ten years ago my father saw me with you and told me if I was serious, he'd have to have you eliminated. He knew how head over heels I'd fallen for you in just a few days and, back then, he thought he could still pull me into his organization. If I hadn't pushed you away, I was convinced that my father was going to hurt you and I couldn't risk that."

She looked up at him and stared, trying to gauge if he was telling the truth. "How was he going to eliminate me?" she asked in a startled voice.

Marco shrugged. "I never asked him about anyone that went missing. But with you, there was no way I could let that slide. You came into my life like a Mack truck I hadn't been expecting. And when he threatened you, I did the only thing I could to get you as far away from me and my family as I could. I know that I hurt you all those years ago, but you have to believe me when I tell you that I didn't want to. And there's no way I would hurt you now. Not tonight and not ever."

She took a deep breath. "Who was she?"

He shook his head. "She's not important," he replied. "Not tonight." He pulled the small box out of his pocket and opened it, revealing a perfect princess cut diamond engagement ring. "Zoe, will you please become my wife and live with me for the rest of my life and never let the viper women like Denise come close to me?"

Darcy gasped and sat up straight, staring at the incredibly lovely ring. It wasn't gaudy big, but nor could it be described as small either. It was absolutely perfect. Stunningly, gorgeously perfect. "Are you serious?" she asked softly, ignoring the ring and looking at him. "Are you truly serious?"

"I couldn't be more serious. No woman has ever been able to make me feel what you did with only a few kisses. For the past ten years, I've compared every woman to you and the excitement I felt just when you walked into the room. And I'm really sorry that your accountant stole all your money, but I'm grateful to him for giving me a perfect opportunity to come back into your life and help you out. Ever since my father died several months ago, I had been trying to figure out how to get you back into my life and now that I've found you, I won't let anything take you away from me."

Zoe threw her arms around his neck and threw herself into his arms, almost knocking him off balance with her excitement. Through her tears of happiness, she said, "I feel the same way about you. When you came back into my life I was so angry with fate for being so cruel. I couldn't believe that the one man I'd been trying to avoid for the rest of my life was going to be the only person willing to get me out of that horrible predicament."

"Ah, but you are on your way now."

"Thanks to you."

He shook his head. "No, we're a team. And you haven't yet answered my question. Will you marry me?"

She sniffed and wished she didn't look like a complete idiot with her makeup all over her face and tears streaming from her eyes, but she didn't care as long as he didn't mind. "Yes. Are you sure you want to marry me with all this crazy fashion business?"

He chucked and nodded, pulling her into his arms. "If you can put up with all of my sister's crazy animals, I can put up with your glorious designs."

"It's a deal," she sighed happily a moment before he kissed her.

Epilogue

Marco watched as his wife waddled into the room, almost falling into the big easy chair as their child enlarged her body as it grew inside her. He couldn't believe how lucky he was, knowing that Zoe was by his side. He smiled as she laughed at one of the dogs moments before they all came storming through the baby shower.

The other four women laughed as well, each picking up the tiny outfits that had all been unwrapped moments before.

Sergei walked up to Marco, handing him a beer as they both leaned against the counter watching their respective wives. "She's in the club," Sergei said without preamble, referring to Zoe being friends with Emma, Claire and Darcy, a sisterhood friendship that had endured since their freshmen year at college.

Marco noted that Debbie had also been included into the sisterhood so Emma, Claire and Darcy were expanding their trio into a crazy quintet. "I know," he said flatly, sighing deeply with resignation.

Mitch walked up and took a sip of his own beer, watching his wife, Claire, as she balanced his daughter in her arms. "I told you not to introduce them to each other," he commented, but winked at Claire when she glanced over after their daughter giggled.

Dharran sighed and crossed his arms over his chest, watching his Emma pull their son onto her lap. "She's in the club too. It's always dangerous."

"I know," Marco commented.

"It doesn't get any better," Mitch replied.

The other three men nodded their heads in agreement.

Marco smiled slightly when Darcy put a hand to her own slightly swollen stomach. "I don't think I could handle it if it did," he said softly.

Again, all four men nodded their agreement, watching their wives and their slowly growing clans. As each man smiled, they wandered over to join their particular wife, Dharran picking up his son and Mitch grabbing his daughter before she could pull Claire's hair again. Nose to nose, father and daughter stared at each other. "You're just like your mother," he growled.

As she patted his face in agreement with her pudgy hand, the other men all nodded in accord while the women smiled adoringly at their husbands. No, it didn't get much better than this they all thought.

