Chapter 1

The sounds were ominous for this time of the day. Only the skidding of shoes along the pavement, an occasional grunt and, of course, the thump of the ball. This was a serious issue and every move was quickly calculated before execution, each person accounted for if only out of the corner of one's eye. Failure was not to be tolerated in this game.

With July's smoldering sun beating down on the blacktop, Emma Knightly swung to the right, then faked to the left, spinning on her back heel before racing down the court, dodging in between taller players. Ignoring the heat from the blazing summer sun and the sweat as it chased its way irritably down her back, soaking her cotton tee-shirt and plastering it against her skin, she almost smiled as she angled between two teens, easily a foot taller than she. Emma was hot, but she was also on fire. She'd get this basket, she just knew it!

Two more steps, dribble, swing to the right, one more step....

And the basket ball disappeared. She blinked once. Twice. Her hands seeming to be still dribbling even when the basketball wasn't with them. Emma looked around, stunned that she wasn't still in possession of the ball.

And then she spotted the evil ball stealer as he raced down the asphalt court in the opposite direction. Furiously, she spun on her heel and raced after him, tossing her long brown pony tail off of her neck impatiently. "Jerome! You stole that ball," she cried out and called out after him, running towards the back court, after what she now considered her ball, her topaz eyes glaring with determination as she sprinted down the court, her shorter legs unable to compete with the teen's longer stride.

The wily teenager didn't even pause as he shifted quickly on the heel of his shoe, making headway against the opposing team. "Hey, short stuff, come on over and get it if you think you can," Jerome called back and Emma didn't bother to glare at the others who laughed. She was on a mission.

"Over here, J!" she heard Manny call out.

Mike, T-Jay and Gregg all shot out of nowhere and blocked her so she spun on her heel and faked them to the left this time, easily getting around their human, testosterone laden barricade. "Out of my way, boys. Padre, get to the left," she called out to her one and only team mate.

She almost smiled with delight as the five guys shifted to the left, ready to block Father Michael's progress down the court but they'd worked out a plan in advance and Father Michael shifted to the right and sped down the court, already in position when Emma ducked under the arm of a six foot three inch Jerome who was blocking, whipped her arm out and stole the ball. In a perfect pass, she tossed it high, down the court to Father Michael who shot from the center, sinking the ball through the hoop.

She high fived Father Michael on the two point gain among the groans and complaints from the opposing team. "Don't let it get to you boys," she laughed. "But you can guarantee I'm going to be spreading it around that you got the ball stolen from someone you referred to as 'short stuff'. Jerome, you bring it in," she said.

Jerome walked to the edge, no lines in place here, everyone just assumed the boundaries of this basketball court where precious paint was reserved for covering up gang graffiti and wouldn't be wasted on applying regulation lines to the beaten up asphalt court.

Jerome, in an over abundance of confidence, decided to mimic the pass Emma had just done down court to Father Michael. Unfortunately, he didn't have the advantage of experience, or practice. Emma, along with all six other players, watched in slow motion as the basketball soared through the air, over the basketball hoop at the other end of the court, over the tall fence designed to keep the ball in the area, and just kept on going, arcing beautifully, gracefully and mercilessly, down onto the windshield of the most beautiful limousine any of them had ever seen.

All of them stood there, unable to stop the ball, unable to believe that something so horrific had happened on top of the painfully hot afternoon. Maybe one or two of them, in that millisecond space of time, had the forethought to wonder why a vehicle like that was traveling in this section of Washington, D.C. when most people didn't even leave their houses after the sun started setting over the capitol building for fear of being mugged. But none had the time to voice that thought aloud, as the horror of the moment struck each and every one of them.

Within seconds, the limousine had stopped, as had three other black SUVs that had been traveling in front of and behind the limousine. Black suited men with large machine guns and pistols at the ready lined up, all of them scouring the area to determine the threat, calling out to each other in a foreign language.

Emma cringed, wishing more than anything a rusty old pickup truck or tow truck had been passing through this neighborhood. It was the inner city, and there hadn't been a vehicle worth more than ten thousand dollars pass through here in more than a decade. What kind of luck was there when the one time an expensive car comes through, it gets hit with a basketball as it passes? What kind of crazy game was fate playing?

With the sun beating down hard, the smell of hot, sweaty bodies surrounding her and panic welling up in her chest, Emma moved slowly forward, holding out her hands as the focus of all those weapons, not to mention the scary eyes hidden behind even scarier dark glasses, trained on her.

"I'm really sorry, gentlemen, but I promise you there is no threat here. Please stand down," she said. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw curtains flicker as neighbors poked their heads out of windows. Someone jumped from the street into an open door, disappearing as the tension became palpable.

"Really, it was simply an accident and we'll pay for the damage," she said, her mind frantically searching for some way to diffuse this situation. "Please, let me explain."

The back door to the limousine opened and two of the men in black suits raced forward, speaking quickly but whoever was behind the door ignored the arguments and stepped out.

Emma almost gasped as her eyes took in the man who was slowly standing up from the back of the beautiful car. He was incredibly tall with heavenly shoulders. If all those men had been standing together, she would have said that this man was the lead guard instead of some important person who had yet to be defined. He was also wearing sunglasses, but as he stepped out, he pulled them off and looked around, his eyes moving over the group of teenage boys until they spotted her, and then stayed.

As he moved forward, the tension seemed to change. It had been violent scary before, but now, as the man moved forward and Emma's eyes took in this man from head to toe, noting his dark eyes, his almost handsome face centered by a hawk like nose and black eyes, firm but somehow incredibly sexy lips, she knew that the tension was different. Scarier in some way. More personal.

She didn't understand it, and she definitely didn't like it any better than before, but at least now she didn't feel like deathly bullets would be flying around imminently, wounding and killing.

The men with guns moved forward with the man and Emma glared at their guns. Now that she didn't think they were going to use them, she wanted them hidden away but she didn't say anything, waiting for someone else to speak.

The man walked up to within one foot of where she was standing. Looking down at her, with that horrible heat of the sun still pulsing down on her head, Emma wanted to do something but she wasn't sure what to say or do. Squirming, she simply stared back at the man who was looking at her as if she were some sort of bug he was about to dissect, wishing she didn't look so hot and sweaty. So unfeminine at the moment.

Clearing her throat, she started to say something but instead, she heard a growled, "Bow," off to the side.

Her eyes moved from the scary huge man in front of her to where she'd heard the word. "Excuse me?" she asked.

"Bow!" the man in a black suit and black glasses repeated.

Emma blinked. "Why would I do that?" she asked, completely confused. She glanced back up at the man in front of her, her hands moving to her hips. "Does he really expect me to bow?" she asked him.

The sexy and oh-so-dangerous mouth quirked up into a smile. "I believe my body guard is explaining the appropriate action at the moment."

Emma almost laughed but restrained herself. "Interesting, but still uninformative. Why would I bow? I'm not really grasping why that would be appropriate at this time." she asked.

The man smiled now, his white teeth showing through his tanned skin. "It is expected when someone is formally introduced to me. But allow me to do the honors," he said as he held out his hand.

Emma automatically took his hand, but was even more surprised when, instead of a firm handshake which would immediately convey reciprocal respect, he lifted her hand to his lips. She allowed the touch for almost three seconds, before the burning sensation caused by his touched terrified her. Jerking her hand free, she stared up at him, her heart racing and her knees suddenly wobbly.

One of the guards started forward the moment her hand was jerked away but the man was instantly halted when the man in front of her simply raised his hand slightly, his eyes never leaving her face. "I am Prince Dharran Mihail Bin Wassan, Sheik of Sundab."

"No way!" Jerome said from the side of her.

Emma turned to look in Jerome's direction, her eyes widening as the name sunk in.

Jerome took a step forward but the guard stopped him. "Ms. Emma, this is the guy here for meetings with the President. He's doing some sort of cooperative energy conference that's going to experiment with solar power that will be used in conjunction with hot fusion."

"Hot fusion?" another voice came in and Emma thought it was Father Michael's voice, but she wasn't positive. At this moment in time, she couldn't say anything with certainty, possibly even her own name as confusion ruled her mind from his touch.

Someone else stepped forward, eagerly explaining for Emma. "Sure! It's the latest technology and so many people are racing to get it right. It could replace fossil fuels as the energy of the future."

Emma turned back to the strange, tall man, grateful for the reprieve but knowing she had to do the right thing in front of these teens, who had only been exposed to the wrong thing and were finally learning to make good decisions with their lives. "Your Highness, I apologize for the basketball mishap. I promise there was no threat to your person, and the Rec Center will pay to have the windshield replaced." She hoped that would suffice to get things cleared up.

The man didn't speak and she started to wonder if he spoke English. Turning to the body guard who had ordered her to bow, she asked, "Does he speak English?"

The man surprised her by chuckling softly. "Indeed I do speak English, my lady. And several other languages."

She looked up at him, her heart racing even faster with the amusement lurking in his eyes, along with something else that absolutely terrified her. "I'm sorry. That was insulting. I guess Americans just assume that everyone speaks English and at the slightest hesitation, we assume the worst. When in reality, we're the country that is the least educated in the various languages."

That little speech pacified the body guard, but the prince didn't seem to change his expression.

Emma took a deep breath, desperately trying to figure out how to ease this situation for both sides. "If you'll follow me inside, I'll give you my contact information so you can let me know how much the repairs will cost."

She turned and started walking inside, then turned back when she realized that she was the only one walking towards the building.

Turning to the boys, she called out, "Jerome, bring it inside to the showers. Game's over."

Jerome was no longer looking at the man with awe and respect. But instead, he had a belligerent stance, one that Emma knew all too well.

"Ms. Emma, this man was staring at your butt!" he said, his chest puffing out and his shoulders rearing back. "He was disrespecting you!"

The other teenagers had noticed as well and were filing in behind Jerome with Father Michael looking around and shaking his head.

Emma also started shaking her head. "Guys, he wasn't staring at me at all. He was being polite and considerate, just as all of you should striving to be."

Her words didn't have the effect she'd hoped to achieve since all five teenage boys continued to stand firm, lined up and ready to defend her honor. "Ms. Emma, you turned around and he stared at your butt," Macky replied, backing up Jerome's claim.

Father Michael started forward but Emma knew this wasn't going to end easily unless she cleared it up.

"So what? Are you saying you've never stared at a girl's butt?"

The boy's face flushed slightly under his dark skin as she challenged his double standard. "You're different, Ms. Emma."

"To you, maybe. Because I'm older but there's really no difference. This is exactly what Father Mike's discussion last week was about, objectifying women and you guys do it all the time. So don't be a hypocrite when someone else does it." She turned to face the man who was too scary for words. "Apparently it's a universal trait among all who have testosterone racing through their blood stream." Turning back to the teens, she shook her head. "If I'm going to ignore it, then so are you."

She didn't wait for a response but turned back to the center's building, intending to go inside and pray that they all followed. "Hit the showers," she called back, not bothering to check. If they didn't follow her instructions, there would be hell to pay.

As soon as she got to the door, she looked in the glass, checking the reflection. Thankfully, the boys were dispersing, but not happy about it. All were mumbling and shaking their heads. "Give it a rest, T-Jay. After the way Janey broke up with you last week, you have no room to give this man any grief."

Instantly, she noticed the changed body language of T-Jay. His shoulders drooped and he looked at her instead of Prince Whatchamacallit. The rest of the boys followed suit, distracted by the mention of T-Jay's breakup and they moved to the side, discussing the issue amongst themselves.

"Your Highness?" she prompted when the man continued to watch the scene play out, his attention moving from the teens to her and back again.

Father Mike moved over to the boys and Emma, disgusted with the whole situation, simply walked inside to her office, preferring to leave the kids to deal with it now that the threat of violence was gone.

In her office, she shuffled through her papers to find something to write on. Finding an old grocery list, she wrote the phone number across the center of the back as well as the address of the Recreation Center, along with her name underneath. By the time she had finished writing, she felt the heat in the already hot office go up by about fifty degrees as the man himself walked in.

Looking around, Dharran noted with fascinated interest the rusted desk covered with papers, the plastic covered chair and the book shelves being precariously balanced with chipped cinder block squares. His eyes noted with disgust that the other rooms in the building were in better shape than this tiny office and yet the woman with the fascinating cat eyes and scintillating body was actually proud of her surroundings. How could a slender, stunning young woman with a figure men would pay a ransom to hold in his arms, and yet she seemed extremely content, happy even, to be shooting hoops with a group of troubled teens and a Catholic minister.

"This is where you work?" he asked, his eyes taking in the striking beauty smiling at him. Her eyes were an odd color, almost the color of a dark topaz, with all of the facets of a well cut stone shimmering out her nervousness of his presence through their depths. Her long, dark hair curled around her face despite the band that was trying to control it on the base of her neck. She might possibly be described as an all American beauty, but there was something more to her than normal. Her smile was extraordinary, while still being warm and welcoming. And her figure beneath her sweaty clothes that were about two sizes too large for her petite frame, was something any man would dream about.

Emma barely had time to register his perusal before the veiled interest was securely locked behind those sharp, ice-blue eyes. She looked around at her office as if nothing were out of the ordinary and shrugged at his question. "Well, it's where all the paperwork is kept. I'm not in it much."

His hands slid into the immaculately tailored slacks, bringing Emma's eyes to his trim waist, distracting her for a moment before she re-focused on his face once again. "Why is that?" he asked.

She blinked, trying to focus on the conversation and refusing to look at his broad, enticing shoulders. "Because of the heat. It's a bit stifling, if you didn't notice." She wasn't sure he did though. Even though it was the peak of summer with all the stifling, oppressive humidity that comes along with any summer in Washington, D.C., this man was the picture of cool and comfort. There was not a hair out of place on his perfectly cut head of hair and she didn't detect even a hint of sweat anywhere on him. Meanwhile, she was becoming uncomfortably aware of her own odiferous presence after playing two hours of basketball in ninety degree heat with an equal dose of humidity. "Can I get you something to drink?"

Dharran looked down at the woman who was going to be his next mistress and smiled. "I would like that very much. But perhaps you would like to freshen up so you are more comfortable?" he asked, reaching out and tapping a curl at her temple. "You look very fetching when you are like this, although I would prefer that the perspiration be due to my ministrations versus an energetic game of ball."

Emma's eyes flickered in confusion, sure she'd misunderstood him. "Excuse me?" she asked.

Dharran shrugged. "Shower? And then perhaps you could also show me around the center? I was impressed with the way you handled those boys outside and I'd like to learn more about the things this center does."

Emma was sure he was only humoring her, but considering that she probably owed him several thousands of dollars to fix the windshield of his car, perhaps a tour of the facility could ease that amount downward a bit. Any sort of outflow of cash that didn't help the kids was to be avoided whenever possible. "Of course," she responded with an enthusiastic smile.

She stepped around him, careful not to touch him in any way. Grabbing her gym bag, she turned back to him. "I'll just be a few moments," she said, then slipped gratefully out of her office, noting with frustration that the other men who apparently were his personal body guards had followed him and were currently stationed outside her office.

Of course, they hadn't followed her, but had followed him since he was the one who needed protecting, but even still, it was weird having body guards in her center.

Rushing through her shower, she changed quickly into a cotton dress and, not bothering to dry it due to the heat, simply pulled her hair up off her shoulders, pinning it on top of her head and ignoring the curls that escaped out the sides. She had always wished she had smooth, straight hair that was more disciplined, or hair that curled softly at the ends and looked more elegant like her friend Darcy, but she couldn't help what she had. Besides, she only had to impress the man with the center, she reminded herself, not with her appearance.

She stopped and applied a bit of lipstick and powder though. Not because she wanted to make an impact on him, she told herself as she added a touch of mascara, but only because she needed to look professional as she led him around the facility.

Stepping out of the shower area, she felt the cool air hit her and she was grateful. She needed more of this air conditioning to cool herself down. Her knees were already shaking in anticipation of seeing him once again and she felt a bit nauseous. Needing to get this over with, she dumped her bag in her office, then went in search of her missing prince.

She found him in the study hall area, looking around at the books on the shelves. She was proud of this area, with the relatively new computers and the multiple shelves books of all types lining the walls and tables. She'd been able to build up this library bigger than the city's school library and many of the kids flocked to this area.

"We spend a great deal of our budget on books," she said as she approached him.

Dharran swung around, eager to see what she looked like without the perspiration and grungy clothes. And he definitely wasn't disappointed. As lovely and intriguing as she was after an energetic game, this woman was stunning in a simple dress and sandals, fresh and vibrantly alive with her hair curling around her forehead and delicate earlobes. His fingers itched to feel those curls, and slide down her smooth, white skin to see if she was as soft as she looked. Right now, she looked like a kitten. A soft, sexy kitten with topaz eyes that promised so much. He wanted to find out more about this woman, see what made her purr.

Patience, he told himself. He sensed a resistance about her that was unusual, but not insurmountable. He pictured her laying back against the silk sheets of his bed in the Paris apartment and his body hardened even more. He wanted her, no doubt about it.

"You have an impressive library here. How do you account for all the books?"

Emma smiled, proud of what she'd accomplished here along with the students and parents. "We have an honor system. The kids take the books and promise to bring them back."

One eyebrow went up cynically. "And if they don't?"

"They do."

"But if they don't?"

Emma shrugged. "So far, it hasn't been an issue. These kids are so starved for knowledge and attention that taking a book and not returning it would be a huge violation of their code here on the streets of this neighborhood." She touched the spine on a science book talking about chemistry. "I suppose if one became lost, we would work something out."

"That's an impressive statement"

She looked into his eyes, seeing the hardness, the skepticism. "The kids who come here have either been in a gang or experienced some other sort of violence their whole life. If they are here, it's a given that they want to learn or they'd still be out on the street with their old friends. They have to earn the trust, it isn't given freely. But once they earn it, it's pretty precious to them and they aren't willing to give it up easily." She watched his eyes and a sadness filled her heart. "You don't trust very easily, do you?"

Dharran watched her features soften, an almost melting quality appeared in their startling depths, and didn't like it. The question was ridiculous anyway. Trust wasn't something he ever gave out to anyone, man or woman. He'd learned growing up in the palace and through many political and military battles that trust was given only by a fool. "What else does this center provide for the neighborhood?" he asked instead of answering her question.

She hesitated before answering, looking deeply into his eyes as if she could see into his soul. She couldn't, he knew. His soul was black and guarded and he'd never let anyone in, especially not a woman as beautiful as she was. Women were playthings but, just as a kitten is cute and sweet initially, the claws of even a small creature could draw blood.

Emma wondered what it must be like to be so hardened and distrustful. This man had been hurt by someone in the past and she wished she had the courage to reach out and try to heal his soul. But the man was hard, dangerous even, she suspected and so she kept her hands by her sides. Healing this man was for someone more courageous than she was.

Refocusing on his question, she looked away from those eyes that reminded her of a blue tinted iceberg. "We partner with several businesses in the city to provide a work study program for the kids who qualify. All the kids have to achieve a certain grade point average in school to participate in the center."

"And if they don't achieve that?"

"We don't turn anyone away. If their grades don't qualify initially, all they have to do is get help to raise their grade point average. It's as simple as asking one of the members to tutor them until their grades have improved enough. And we try to entice the kids as early as possible so that they succumb to the allure of whatever activities we have going on."

"How do they pay for the tutors?"

She looked back at him strangely, as if the question were completely bizarre. "They simply ask for help."

"And the help is given freely?" he asked, one eyebrow raised as if the possibility was completely ridiculous.

"Of course." She stopped and looked up at him. "This is a neighborhood center and each person who participates here is dedicated to the success of the center. So if someone needs help, they ask for it. If they're given help in some way, then they try to give that back at some point. It's a chain reaction that supports the ongoing efforts."

"And all agree to this benevolence?"

"Of course. Any activity needs volunteers. Each of the major events is hosted by the participants."

"And the food?"

"We have some funding from government and private agencies as well as some commercial businesses, but for the most part, everyone contributes what they can. There are some amazing cooks in this neighborhood. When we have our next bake sale, I'll let you know so you can sample the offerings," she replied with a bright smile.

He watched her lovely features light up with genuine excitement as she spoke and he was impressed that she had accomplished so much at such a young age. "How old are you?"

That question surprised her but it shouldn't have. "I'm twenty five years old. Is that relevant?"

"To me it is," he said and one finger ran down her cheek. "Now that you have given me the tour of your wonderful facility, I will take you to dinner to repay you."

Emma stepped back, burned by his touch and terrified of his offer. It wasn't really an offer though, it was more of a command. She couldn't hold his gaze and looked away, frazzled and her heart racing. "The tour was my pleasure but dinner is unnecessary."

"Of course it is necessary. I would like to know more."

"About the center."

"About you."

She shook her head, not wanting to get any closer to this tall, dangerous man who terrified her on so many levels. "Thank you but I'm afraid that's not possible."

"Anything is possible."

"Not dinner tonight."

"Why not?"

She thought quickly, frantically. "I have other plans tonight."

Dharran watched her eyes and knew she was lying. He also knew that she was resisting him for some reason. The idea was novel. Never had a woman rejected him. In fact, the opposite was generally the case, with women throwing themselves at him, handing him keys to their hotel rooms, enticing him with whispered promises of sexual exploits or simply sending the message of their availability to him from across the room with a knowing glace.

She was indeed refreshing and interesting. Pursuit of a woman was different and suddenly much more enticing. Patience, he reminded himself. This woman reminded him of his prize stallion at home. It took him weeks of patience to break the horse to his bidding, but eventually, he'd gained his complete obedience and was now one of his best breeders.

Not that this woman would bear his children, but she would definitely bend to his will. He wanted her and he knew she was just as attracted to him. He just had to find her price. "Another time, then." He took her hand and raised it to his lips, bowing over her hand. "It has been a pleasure, Ms. Knightly. I look forward to our next meeting."

Emma was stunned into immobility as he bent over her hand, kissing her knuckles and sending sparks of electricity up her arm. And then he nibbled oh so gently on her fingertip and Emma's experience hadn't prepared her for that kind of touch. With alarm, she yanked her hand out of his just as she had on their initial meeting, holding it against her chest as if he'd burned her. Which he had in a way, although the burn was under her skin, in her blood and was much more terrifying than an actual flame.

He knew he'd gotten to her too. As she looked up into his eyes, a smile formed on those lips. Lips that had seemed hard and almost cruel, now turned into a sensual kiss when they smiled like that. And a promise, she thought with additional panic.

Without another word, the man, along with his entire entourage, left as quickly as they'd appeared. Emma looked down at her watch and was shocked to realize that it was almost four o'clock. Where had the day gone? Had she really just spent several hours with a man she barely knew answering his questions and feeling as if her entire life had turned upside down?

Well, that was a stupid question, then reprimanded herself and stomped back to her office, telling herself that she didn't have time to spend thinking about a man she'd never see again. She moved the mouse slightly to release the screen on her computer but as she sat down and looked at the enormous amount of paperwork, she wanted to toss it all up and ignore it.

Unfortunately, that's what had gotten her into this predicament, she thought. She'd ignored her work in favor of playing basketball earlier today. If she hadn't done that, had simply stayed at her desk and focused, she never would have tossed that ball to Father Mike, then Jerome wouldn't have copied him and he wouldn't have thrown the ball onto that man's car. And she wouldn't have this aching sense of loss at the idea of never seeing him again, never feeling that instant excitement when he touched her.

How stupid was that thought? She'd just been pulling away from him and now she was wishing he was back? If that wasn't ridiculously contradictory, she didn't know what was.

With determination, she sorted the files on her desk and got back to work. She had so much to do and very little time to do it.

Chapter 2

Emma smoothed the skirt down over her hips, and then buttoned the jacket over her silk blouse. Her hair was styled professionally, with all curls mercilessly tamed and curling softly in place around her shoulders. The black suit was complimented by the cream silk blouse underneath and she wore only a simple pearl necklace and pearl earrings. Nothing flashy, nothing hippy today. She had to look professional and competent.

Lesley Myers walked into the shower area where Emma was changing and shook her head. "Lunch with the mayor again?" she said and it was more of a statement than a question.

"Yep. Fundraiser luncheon this time," Emma confirmed.

Lesley looked at Emma, shaking her head. "You look like you're going to a funeral."

Emma laughed. "That's probably a good thing. And a funeral might be more interesting."

Lesley's face fell and she turned away. "No, it isn't," she stated firmly.

Emma's heart clenched, remembering too late that Lesley's brother was shot and killed last year walking home from the grocery store on a Saturday evening. It wasn't even dark, and he had been carrying two heavy bags of groceries. Food was precious, but that night, as the food lay on the ground spoiling in the heat, Emma had known that Lesley's little brother was much more precious to her than the food.

"He's safe now," Emma said softly and put an arm around Lesley's shoulders.

"I know. But it still makes me sad."

Emma nodded and hugged the girl more firmly. "Then we need to change things even more," she said. "And to do that, I need to look like I'm going to a funeral."

Lesley laughed and sniffled, fighting back the sadness that had crept into their conversation. "You're right. And I'm going to help. I'm not sure how yet, but I'm going to do it."

"You're going to help by being the wonderful person you already are," Emma said emphatically. "Study, do what's right and help out. That's all that can be asked of you."

"And marry some gorgeous dark stranger who rides a long limousine?" Lesley said with a twinkle in her eye.

Emma rolled her own eyes. "I don't think so," she scoffed. Word of the basketball debacle had spread like wildfire around here. Only two days had passed and Emma still felt a flutter in her stomach when she thought back to that tall stranger. Surely, he hadn't been as scary as she'd remembered the encounter being. She'd just over-reacted since she'd been out in the heat, had skipped lunch and had been taken by surprise. "Off I go," she said, feeling pumped and ready to tackle the world.

"Get us popsicle money, Ms. Emma!" Lesley called after her.

"You got it," she said with a wave.

Emma drove her battered, circa 1969 VW bug down the street, the windows rolled down all the way since the air conditioning had long since lost the battle with age. The car wasn't one of those cute little new VW bugs with the sweet bud vase on the dashboard. Nope, this was vintage VW Bug, the kind that the hippies of the 70s drove around in, packing as many people as they could as they made their way across the country heading for rock concerts and enlightenment.

But it was reliable and didn't get stolen, so it was the perfect car for her.

With a smile, she parked her rusty, beaten up old vehicle in between a jaguar with sleek lines and a white Mercedes coupe with white leather interior. She loved doing that and even chuckled as she slammed the door closed, then slammed it again when it only bounced back, ignoring her initial attempt to close.

The second try worked, as it usually did, and Emma swung around on her demurely shod black heels and walked into the Ritz Carlton hotel where the mayor's fundraising luncheon was being held. She knew there would be many society people attending as well, and probably a few celebrities but her presence here was simply to fill an empty seat for the mayor's lunch. The mayor routinely called her to attend these functions and, although he was very nice and pleasant, she rarely was interested in the events. It was good publicity though as the mayor was quick to introduce her and take her around to meet other people, all of whom she considered potential funding opportunities.

As soon as she entered the luxurious dining room, she spotted the body guards simply because they stood out against the elegantly dressed people milling about who were all sipping tea out of delicate china cups or partaking of an early cocktail, disguised as something benign while the guards were standing stiffly to the side. The bulky men in the dark suits were her first clue that this wasn't going to be an ordinary mayoral luncheon. With trepidation, she walked forward and gave her name to the security guard who cleared her through. Instead of walking in and finding a friendly face, she stepped into the room and then immediately off to the side, wanting to understand if her fears were real or if she was just being silly.

She wasn't being silly.

As soon as she stepped into the room, her eyes collided with his ice blue gaze. Emma stared, her body frozen and the rest of the world zipping off and out of existence as Dharran stared at her from across the room. A woman was already hanging on his arm but when his head turned to watch Emma, so did the other woman's.

Dharran almost didn't recognize her when she stepped into the room but something told him to look up. The woman leaning against him was like an annoying gnat buzzing around but when his Emma stepped into the room, she looked like a prim little librarian. He wondered why she was wearing such a drab, black suit when all the other women's suits were in various colors of the rainbow, each of them trying to outshine one another and gain the attention of either the media or one another.

He suspected it was so she could blend into the background but her sleek, sexy cat eyes just wouldn't let her accomplish that goal. Several other men also turned to stare and he thought of smashing their faces for daring to look at his woman. She might not know it yet, but she definitely was his. The way she looked at him, immediately sensing he was in the room, then not looking away, unable to look at any other man told him exactly that.

Charlie Asbrook, the mayor, immediately broke off his conversation with the group of people when he saw Emma standing near the door and walked across the room, blocking Dharran's view for a moment while talking with her and tucking her hand in his. Dharran really didn't like that, but since the mayor was pulling her towards him, he felt at least gratitude for that. He could just imagine her long, sexy legs running as fast as she could in the opposite direction if he had approached her without the mayor's assistance. She was terrified, he noted, watching her eyes as the mayor drew her inexorably closer. The fear was good, he thought with satisfaction. That fear was masking her attraction, the electricity which was as alluring as her lovely face and figure. And she should be afraid, he thought. At least initially. The things he was going to do with her would definitely make her blush. And scream out in pleasure and beg for more.

Shifting his thoughts back to the present, he separated himself from the annoying gnat of a woman and stepped forward to greet his kitten.

"We meet again," he said softly and surprised the mayor.

"Darn!" the mayor said, laughing hugely as most politicians did. "I was hoping to introduce you to the savior of our inner city. Emma Knightly here runs the Inner City Recreation Center and is doing a fabulous job at getting those kids involved and out of trouble. She's really worked miracles with many of those kids, several of whom have actually started college, thanks to her encouragement and tutoring programs," he explained.

"Ms. Knightly was kind enough to give me a tour of her facilities earlier this week," Dharran said and took her hand, once again starting to lift it to his mouth but she held back slightly and blushed when he raised a knowing eyebrow at her efforts.

"Your Highness," she said and bowed her head slightly in deference to his title. "It's an honor to meet you once again." She turned to the mayor. "Is your wife around somewhere?" she asked. "I really need to speak with her about some of the contractors she's working with on another project."

"I believe she's over here," Dharran said, bringing Emma's attention back to him and away from the mayor. "I will discuss that issue with you later," he said to the mayor, who was dumbfounded that he'd lost Emma's escort so quickly and so smoothly.

Dharran reached out and took a glass of white wine from a passing waiter and handed it to her. Emma smiled gratefully and took a sip of the cold, refreshing liquid as they moved across the room, their progress being hampered by several others who wanted to introduce themselves to Dharran, treating him like the latest celebrity, but with a great deal more respect. Emma was impressed with the way he handled everyone, as if he were some sort of publicity agent who knew exactly what to say to each individual that would allow them to pass, and not cause offense.

By the time they'd crossed the room to a somewhat more private area, Emma was almost laughing at how easily he controlled every situation.

"What's so amusing?" he asked, handing her a plate filled with small appetizers, which she distractedly nibbled.

"I'm impressed with how you control the room. So many people want to talk to you and yet here we are, away from the crowd despite numerous attempts to lure you into a conversation about a multitude of issues, of which you sidestepped all of them."

He leaned against a marble column, blocking her view of the rest of the crowd, creating a small oasis of privacy. "Yes. Here we are and you're going to tell me more about yourself."

Emma leaned against the wall and stared up at him. "I am?"

He leaned into her and that smile was back in his eyes. "Yes. You are."

"And what if I don't?"

He didn't answer immediately, but took his time, searching her face, noting the delicate features and the perfectly porcelain skin. "Then I'll be forced to entertain myself in some other way," he said softly, his voice husky.

Emma knew exactly what he meant and she didn't like that one little bit. "You're not going to kiss me," she said the first thing that came to mind.

He reached up and touched her cheek, his finger moving down to her neck and resting on the pulse at the base. "Ah, yes, my kitten. I am going to kiss you. And so much more. But first, you're going to explain why you're so terrified of this thing we have between us."

"We don't have anything between us. You live in one country and I live in another."

"Is that the issue? That we live far apart?"

"No."

"Because we can certainly enjoy each other while I'm here. And I can bring you to my country and we can continue to enjoy each other with much more privacy."

Emma's breath caught in her throat and she was unable to think or speak. Instead, she simply shook her head.

"Deny it all you want, my kitten, but we will be together. The sooner you realize that, the more pleasure we will give to each other."

She cleared her throat and shook her head, trying to break the spell he was weaving over her. He was good, very good, she thought but she had to snap out of this. "And is it a relationship you're looking for? Or simply a good time?"

She stumped him with that question, she thought. Score one for her. "Why complicate things with future issues? Why don't we just get to know each other and figure out what we can do?"

"And then talk about the future?"

He didn't miss a beat this time. Instead of responding immediately, he reached out and touched her earlobe, his fingers brushing ever so lightly against her skin, causing her to shiver. "You're torturing yourself by denying this attraction."

"You're torturing yourself by assuming we're going to do anything about it."

He chuckled, no longer the hidden amusement in his eyes but a full out, soft laugh. "I think you are beautiful and talented, creative and interesting."

"Why do you think I'm interesting? You don't really know anything about me."

"You run a facility for underprivileged children. That alone is fascinating."

"Lots of people do what I do."

"You're wrong, Emma. Not many people take on the challenge. And certainly not many women. Why do you do that?" he asked.

Emma looked up at him and noticed that he was genuinely curious and not just asking a question to gain her trust. "I like my job and it makes me feel as if I'm contributing something to the world."

"Most people simply recycle," he replied with humor.

Emma couldn't help it. His comment was so typical and so true that she burst out laughing. "You're right, but those people do other things to help and don't just recycle. Everyone is essentially good inside."

He rolled his eyes slightly. "No, they aren't."

She stopped and looked up at him. In that unguarded moment, she again saw that anger and bitterness she'd witnessed the first time she'd met him. She'd interpreted it at that point as hardness but, seeing the anger in his eyes, she knew it was so much more than that. "I don't know how you grew up, but hopefully someone will show you the good in people again."

"I think I can find the good in you, Emma. Will you let me?" he asked with a silky voice.

"No."

"You will."

She shook her head. "No. I don't do casual affairs. And if I'm correct, you don't do anything but casual, am I right?"

Instead of answering, he pushed away from the wall and took her hand once again, tucking it into the crook of his arm. "It's time to mingle. Please introduce me to your friends."

She blinked at that. "You want to meet my friends?"

"Of course. Why wouldn't I?"

She allowed him to tuck her hand into his arm, feeling special with his undivided attention despite herself. "Meeting my friends might mean you would get to know the real me and not some objectified version of who you think I might be."

"I don't objectify women," he countered and walked back into the fray. Then spoiled it by leaning down and whispering in her ear, "Unless of course you are wearing thigh high stockings underneath that demure black suit."

She almost tripped over her own feet and probably would have fallen if he hadn't held her firmly against his side. Once she was more firmly established and walking with a bit more dignity and grace once again, she glared up at him. "You just made my point."

She spent the next two hours by his side, despite her best attempts to slip away from him. Each time she tried to put a little space between their bodies, he foiled her attempts by smoothly and subtly moving her right back against his side. No matter how much she tried, he was too adept at manipulating the situation so that she was exactly where he wanted her. By the end of the event, she'd accepted that she was with him, at least until she could find an excuse to leave the hotel. She saw Darcy and Claire, two of her best friends since college across the room but couldn't break away to talk to them. Her friends looked at her curiously but she couldn't even escape long enough to explain the situation, but she knew that both of them would be waiting to talk to her, more than curious to find out what was happening.

By three o'clock that afternoon, she'd had enough. Turning to face him, she pulled away, and was surprised when he let her go. "Thank you so much for a wonderful afternoon, Your Highness," she said with as much sincerity as she could muster. She was tired and frustrated and wasn't sure if she wanted to reach up and pull his head down to kiss him or slap his handsome face. At this point, both options were possible. "I have another meeting but we'll meet again another time, I'm sure,"

"We most definitely will," he said and took her hand once again. This time, she was prepared for him and took charge, forcing him to shake her hand instead of kissing her fingers as he had the last two times he'd surprised her. That seemed to do odd things to her knees while a hand shake remained professional and assertive.

With that irritatingly amused expression back, Dharran took the offered hand. But with finesse, he pulled her close and, instead of receiving the kiss on her fingers, he brushed his lips against her cheek, breaking through her guard and shocking her all over again. "Until next time, my kitten."

With that, he walked away, leaving Emma to stand there and glare at him as she tried to get her heart rate back under control.

"Wow, that was pretty steamy today," her friend Claire said as she and Darcy walked up beside her. All three of them stared at Dharran's back as he stepped into the elevators. Unfortunately, Emma didn't turn away fast enough so when he faced forward in the elevator, he caught her staring at him and winked.

With a groan, Emma turned away and started walking towards the parking lot.

"No way, girlfriend," Darcy said, pulling her back towards the hotel bar. "Fess up and give us the details. Where in the world did you meet such a scrumptious man?" she demanded.

Claire was just as adamant to get the details and both women dragged Emma over to a chair in the corner of the bar that had previously been hopping with lunch patrons, but was relatively quiet in the middle of the afternoon.

"Believe it or not, I met him at the center," she told her best friends from college, both of whom also worked in the area, but in a much different capacity. Darcy was the daughter of a mafia mob boss, who constantly hid from him and his criminal cronies, while popping up once in a while to be seen at a nightclub in one fantastic city or another, getting paid tens of thousands of dollars just to show up and be photographed. Claire was a computer whiz who could hack into any computer around and wrote software that could conceivably bring down powerful nations if she set her mind to it.

While Emma had the curly, dark hair and the hippy outlook on life, Darcy had long, brown hair that was sleek and absolutely fabulous with soft, sage green eyes and the brains of a financier, who unfortunately had to hide both herself to avoid her father's marriage minded attempts as well as her intelligence, in case the paparazzi ever found out that she was much, much more than a glitzy, flighty party girl.

Claire on the other hand, was a natural platinum blond with chocolate brown eyes and looked like a petite Marylyn Monroe, complete with the bombshell figure and a reckless attraction to live life as fully as she possibly could.

Darcy had a reputation for floating from one man to the next like a butterfly gathering nectar. The reality was the complete opposite. Her friend sequestered herself on an isolated farm, taking care of battered animals, bringing them back to life and trust with her kind, gentle ways and only appearing in public when she needed money to fund her animal shelter and buy medicine for their recovery. Claire, on the other hand, could wrap any man around her little finger and had them begging to do her errands for her if she'd let them.

The three of them had been on the same floor their freshman year at college and had instantly hated each other. But one night at a fraternity party, when everyone around them was drunk, the three of them ran into each other, literally, and had to work together to get out of a drunken brawl before one of them became seriously hurt. It was the first time that Emma knew that Claire could take down a man with a mean right hook, and the first time she knew that Darcy could stare a man to his knees. They'd been inseparable ever since, getting together for lunch at least once a week, and inviting each other to whatever social event they were obligated to attend, "just in case" another frat house party broke down, was their constant excuse.

"There really isn't much to tell," Emma explained once they all had a cup of tea and a bowl of salty peanuts to munch on. "I was playing basketball with a bunch of the guys and Father Mike last week. The basketball flew over the fence and crashed into that guy's windshield. Next thing I knew, World War Three was about to start with machine guns drawn and the neighborhood families slipping to safety like a bad old west movie."

Claire and Darcy continued to stare, waiting for more details. "And?" Claire prompted.

Emma shrugged and popped another peanut into her mouth. "There isn't anything else. I gave him a tour of the center."

Claire smiled, her eyes dreamy and hopeful. "And he made a wonderfully huge donation to the cause, is going to sweep you off your feet to some wonderful foreign land and make you his princess where you can apply your sweetness and grace to a whole country instead of one small part of our esteemed city."

Darcy was in complete agreement as she added, "And he'll take her away from the creepy eyes and pawing hands of our illustrious mayor."

"What's wrong with Charlie?" Emma asked, completely confused by their romantic tale which had no bearing on anything in reality.

"Charlie lusts after you but you wouldn't know it because you're oblivious to men, almost as bad as Darcy."

Darcy looked confused. "I'm not oblivious. I just don't want to get involved with anyone right now. Marriage is my father's goal, not mine."

Both Emma and Claire nodded their heads, understanding Darcy's aversion to marriage when her father wanted her to marry someone in the organization. A daughter's marriage was a useful tool that could solidify power and loyalty in the criminal organization.

"Beside, Charlie is very very married," Emma said, getting back to the point.

Claire disagreed, shaking her head. "He's married, but not happily. And his wife is having an affair with the CEO of some company in Maryland, hence the numerous trips to the shore."

"That's because of the bay project," Emma countered.

"No it isn't. I can give you names," Claire argued, and popped a peanut in her mouth. "I read her e-mails after that last press conference. The one where she was walking away with the tall dude. He's her man and the mayor is out. They're together just for the election."

"You don't know that for sure."

"Want the e-mails?" she smiled.

"Isn't that illegal?"

Claire shrugged. "Very definitely but I was bored that afternoon. So don't tell anyone," she said and leaned forward. "But you're also not going to change the subject. Spill it darling. How did you and the prince-dude end up so chummy today? Did something happen during the tour last week that you're not telling us?"

Emma shook her head. "Nothing. I don't know why this guy attached himself to me like that but he's terrifying."

"And yummy!" Claire said, smiling brightly.

Emma laughed. "You can have him."

She shook her head. "He wants you."

"I don't want him either."

"Why not?" Claire interjected. "He seems like he would be a fantastic lover! Why don't you just jump his bones and find out what it's all about?"

"Maybe because that's exactly what I'm trying to teach my girls at the Rec Center not to do?"

Darcy laughed and turned to Claire. "She has a point. And it's not like you've gone out and found out what it's all about," she said, taking a sip of her tea and hiding her smile behind the cup.

"Look who's talking," Claire said and pushed her glasses higher up on the bridge of her nose. "Besides, I would if I could find some guy who tempted me just a little. In my line of work, all I get are these geeky, boring types who have nothing better to do in their evenings that to play Dungeons and Dragons online."

Emma and Darcy both grimaced at the thought and were silent for a long moment. Then Claire hit her head. "You did it again! You changed the subject and we're not talking about us we're talking about that hunky man who was foiling Charlie's attempts to get you upstairs into one of his reserved suites for the rest of the afternoon."

Darcy laughed. "The mayor doesn't have a reserved suite of rooms, Claire. Don't be so cynical. Just because he's a politician and his wife might be having an affair," she emphasized that she still wasn't convinced, "that doesn't mean he's also trying to get down and dirty with his constituents."

"Suite 1110, upstairs and it's been reserved since the invitations went out two months ago. And no," she said when Emma started to make an excuse for him, "he reserved it on his private credit card so it won't be tracked by his campaign nor can he be accused of using campaign funds to do the deed with our little Ms. Emma here."

Both Darcy and Emma stared at Claire. Emma was the first to speak and she shook her head. "You're very scary, you know?"

"Yes, but I won't get caught."

"How do you know that?"

"Because I have my ways, my dears. And I hacked into the FBI system and found their tracking software just to be sure I could avoid it."

Darcy and Emma both started laughing at the same moment while Claire just sat there proudly. When they finally calmed down, Claire pointed at Emma. "You did it again. Which only leads me to wonder what's really going on since you won't tell us."

"Go ahead and hack into my computer, Claire. There aren't any mysterious e-mails or any odd funding patterns. There's just nothing there."

"You know I wouldn't ever do something like that to my friends," she said smoothly.

They sat at the table for the rest of the afternoon, eventually ordering burgers and laughing as they caught up on each other's weeks. When the bill came, Darcy and Claire both looked at the total, then at Emma who was counting out her portion of the check by reading the menu prices.

Darcy looked at Claire, who looked back with a knowing grin. "So, there's really nothing between you and that hunky babe from this afternoon?" Darcy asked.

"Nothing," she said distracted as she pulled out the rest of her change to cover her share. "Why do you keep on asking me?"

"Because he paid our dinner tab with a note on the bottom."

Emma looked across the table at her friends, then down at the meal tab Claire was holding, still confused. "What am I missing?"

Darcy handed her the check and sure enough, in bold scrawl, was a hand written note saying he hoped they'd had a good afternoon.

Emma sighed and tossed her money back into her purse. "That man just doesn't know when to take no for an answer!"

"Why don't you go upstairs and tell him yourself?"

Emma slapped her wallet closed and shook her head. "Not going to happen. He's sneaky."

Claire and Darcy exchanged another look. "I think you should let him be as sneaky as he wants, but that's just my opinion."

They all stood up and walked out of the hotel together, exchanging hugs and promising to call in the next few days.

Chapter 3

Emma drove back to her tiny apartment thinking about Dharran and how underhanded he was. Couldn't he just leave things alone? She couldn't do casual, she had to set an example with the kids. And she knew he didn't do serious, so there wasn't any middle ground.

Not that she was even interested, she reminded herself. She didn't like him. She had to respect the man she had sex with. Any man who wanted a casual relationship, and who lived thousands of miles away, wasn't someone she could grow to respect. That had to come from knowledge of one another, of mutual interests and hobbies. It came from relaxing over dinners, lunches and walks in the park with casual conversations. It definitely didn't happen on fly by visits from one country to another for a quicky in between meetings.

It was after midnight before she finished all her paperwork for the day and, although she was exhausted, sleep simply wouldn't come to her. She tossed and turned, wishing she could figure out a way to get that man out of her head. His touch this afternoon had gotten under her skin and she had thoughts now that were counterproductive. Like what it might be like to feel him touching her on areas other than her cheek. Or what he might feel like when she touched him. Or what he would taste like if he kissed her.

Emma threw the pillow across the room in frustration. The man was horrible! A womanizer and exactly the opposite of what she wanted from the man she chose to have sex with for the first time. She didn't need to be married before becoming intimate with a man. But it damn well wasn't going to be a one night stand. Or even worse, a torrid, dirty affair where she's kept hidden away somewhere like a naughty secret, desperate and waiting for him whenever he felt the need to be with her.

She finally fell asleep around dawn the following morning but then dreamed about making love to the tall, dark stranger who made her feel things she'd never imagined possible.

Unfortunately, that pattern followed for the rest of the week. Groggy from lack of sleep several days in a row and in pain physically and mentally from trying to work herself into an exhausted state so she wouldn't dream of Dharran one more time, she walked into the center Friday morning in a very grouchy mood.

She stomped into her office and slouched down on the plastic chair, grateful once again that it didn't break and fall out from under her. The mail from the previous day had been dumped on her desk and she sighed, worrying about how she was going to stay awake through all of this.

Usually, she didn't mind the paperwork, even enjoyed the routine nature of the forms and communication required of her position. But for some reason, it was just too much right now.

She sorted through the mail, putting the bills into one pile, solicitations into another pile and the junk mail into the recycling bin beside her desk. As she opened the envelopes, she quickly skimmed through the contents, cringing when a bigger invoice came out.

When she was finished with the bills, she moved on to the miscellaneous. The first envelope was the oddest, looking very professional with a seal on the side. She didn't like the look of this one, she thought and worried that it might be from a lawyer's office. Those were never good, and she knew from experience that she'd have to open this one first. Bad news and fish never got better with age, she told herself, remembering that comment from her mother.

As soon as she pulled the papers out, she gasped when she realized that the envelope hadn't contained a legal complaint. Instead, sitting amid several other neatly typed pages, was a check. A very large check. Well, she supposed the actual check was a normal sized check but the number of zeros on the face of the check made it a very big donation. They received donations from private organizations and commercial enterprises occasionally but more often, she had to fight tooth and nail for government funding and grant money. She'd never received a donation this huge before and the papers floated out of her numb fingers.

Picking up the accompanying letter, she quickly scanned the document, trying to decipher where the unanticipated money had come from and why. Anger quickly replaced confusion in her mind as she realized that the extremely large donation was from Dharran. The man was trying to buy her!

Damn him! He had absolutely no respect for her and what she stood for if he thought he could simply buy her like this. What a complete jerk! What an outrage! Did he really see her as something he could purchase? A commodity?

Grabbing her purse, she rushed out of the office, ignoring calls for help from the other staff members. The kids were still in school at this time of the day so she didn't have to be nice right now. She needed to burn off steam and the only person who was an appropriate target was the cause of her frustration and anger.

She stormed out of the building, and then stopped short when she looked into the parking lot. Gone was her trusty little VW Bug with all the rust patches and the broken side door. In its place was a sleek, brand new VW Bug in a dazzling green color. She knew exactly what it was because there was a giant white bow on the top.

With a blinding rage, she stomped over to the car, ripped off the ribbon and, ignoring the keys taped to the side of the car, almost ran the two blocks to the bus stop. She had additional frustration when she had to wait for the bus to arrive, which took almost fifteen minutes, time enough for her anger to zero in on exactly what she wanted to say to that obnoxious, offensive lout!

It was another thirty minutes to the hotel since she was on the bus which stopped at just about every corner to pick up or drop off people on its route. And at the appropriate intersection, she still had to walk another five blocks to reach the hotel so when she pulled open the steel and glass door, she was hot, sweaty, rumpled and more furious than she'd ever been in her life. Not even the cool blast of air from the hotel's efficient air conditioning could calm her down.

At the front desk, she shocked the receptionist when she demanded to know the room number for "Prince Jerk of All Time". The receptionist wasn't exactly sure how to handle the request but the manager quickly came up behind her and asked if he could be of assistance.

"Where is that horrible, awful excuse for a human being?" she demanded once again, the giant white bow still in her hand, waved in the air like a weapon.

The manager, obviously worried about causing a scene, tried to calm her down. "If you'll step into my office, perhaps I can better assist you," he said.

Emma followed behind the simpering man, her temper boiling even higher now that she had to endure condescension from a weasel just to get at a ferret.

Once the door was closed, the manager turned to Emma and, in a patronizing voice, said, "Which of our guests were you trying to reach today?" he asked.

"Prince Dharran!" she stated once again. "I thought I made that absolutely clear out in the lobby," she said, waving the giant bow in the air once again as if it were some sort of balloon that didn't cause chaos each time the long ends moved around.

"Are you sure your friend is staying with us?"

Emma took a deep breath and tried to calm down. If she didn't get hold of her temper, this man was just going to call security and....wait a minute, something on the end of the bow caught her attention. "What's this?" she asked and pulled the note off the bow.

"Suite 2200. See you soon," was all it said.

"Rrrrr!" she growled to the manager. "Never mind. I know where to find him."

She turned and was about to storm out the door when the manager stepped in front of her.

"I'm afraid I can't allow you to interrupt one of our guests in this manner, ma'am. I'll have to call security if you don't calm down."

Emma was sick of men telling her what to do. "Listen here, little man. This bow? It was taken off of the car that your guest gave me. And this check? It was sent to me. So if you don't get out of the way so I can..." she hesitated for a fraction of a second before snapping out, "thank him! In the best way I know how, and then he's really not going to appreciate you protecting his privacy in this manner."

The manager looked at her, clearly intimidated and not sure what to do. On the one hand, if he evicted his prime guest's mistress, he could be fired. But if he allowed her to go up to his room, and she really was a crazed woman and uninvited, he could be fired. The seal on the letter looked very official but because this little woman was waving it around, he couldn't get a good look at the stationary to be sure.

"How about if I call ahead and ask if it's okay to send you up?"

"Fine!" she snapped, sure she wasn't getting out of here without that phone call. If Dharran had to be fore-warned, that was more to her advantage, she supposed.

Five minutes later, she was banging on the door to suite 2200, the only door on the entire floor. When one of his body guards answered, she shoved the giant bow in his face and demanded, "Where is he?"

The man took the bow and started to stop her entry. But a call from behind him stalled the movement and he immediately moved out of the way, giving Emma direct access to the man she'd been furious with for the past hour. "Who do you think you are, giving me something like this? And what did you think I'd do to repay your...kindness?" she demanded, stalking towards him with death in her eyes. "I can't believe you thought so little of me that you thought this kind of thing would work!"

Dharran watched as his furious kitten stormed into the suite. He was instantly turned on by the fire bursting from her eyes, but then he noticed the tears she was fighting to restrain.

With a nod behind her, he dismissed his guards, who quickly disappeared. Emma turned around and noticed all the men disappearing through various doors and suddenly all her anger was gone. "Why?" she asked, in a much quieter, but no less hurt voice. "Why did you think this would work?"

He looked at the bow in one hand and the check in the other and put an arm around her waist. "Let's sit down and have a cup of coffee and you can tell me exactly what you thought I meant by the donation and the gift."

Emma tossed the bow onto the table in disgust. "I'm not for sale."

"I didn't think you were."

"So what's with the huge check and the new car?"

"The check isn't for you, it's addressed to the center. I think the work you're doing there is worthwhile and when I come across industry like that, I want to help the endeavor."

Emma was stunned. And speechless. "The money was for the center?" she asked in a small voice and her heart started to warm up. "You like what we're doing?"

"Yes. I spoke to the mayor who had nothing but good things to say about the work your recreation center does and the benefits the city has received because of the center and what you're doing there. You're practically a volunteer there yourself, because of your insultingly low salary, and I saw how much you cared about the people you help. I was hoping the money could be used to support the activities, and maybe even add a few more things to benefit the kids."

That completely changed things, she thought and looked down at her hands. She couldn't really look at him any longer, ashamed of what she'd thought earlier and humiliated at what she thought he expected from that money. "I apologize."

"Tell me what you thought I wanted from that."

Her fingers fiddled with a nail and she focused on that instead of on him, sitting so close to her. She could feel his heat now that her own fury had died down so much. "I thought...I just assumed that you were....um, paying me for services."

She heard him sigh. "Am I so hideous to you?" he asked finally.

Emma's head snapped up and she looked up at his incredibly handsome face. "No! Of course not. You're a very attractive man."

"Then why would you think I would need to pay you for your body?"

"Crudely put," she quipped and looked back down at her fingers. "But I guess I just assumed that's the way you work."

"It's not," he stated firmly.

She sighed and leaned back against the pillows, staring up at the ceiling. "I know that now. And I'm truly sorry. I just...I haven't been sleeping well lately and...." She couldn't say anything more because he was looking down at her, leaning over as if he were about to pounce. "Don't do that," she said, her voice barely a whisper and rough, her eyes dropping down to his lips.

"Don't do what?" he asked, moving closer.

"Don't kiss me."

"That's inevitable," he countered. "Why shouldn't I kiss you?"

"Because there's no future for us."

"Why don't we let the future...." He started to say but he never finished because she reached up and kissed him softly, tentatively and quickly pulled back, her terrified eyes looked up to his to see if he was offended.

She wasn't sure if the fire in his eyes by her actions was more frightening than the way she was feeling, but either way, she needed to get out of here. She started to pull away, get ready to leave and run for her sanity, when his lips touched hers. There was no hesitation and it wasn't in any way tentative. When he kissed her, his mouth possessed, took over and there was no pulling back this time. His hand came up to hold her head while his other wrapped around her waist, pulling her closer.

All thinking, all rational thought was now a memory as her mind shut down and her body took over. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she pulled him closer, her body arching to have more contact with his hard planes. As he touched her, she gasped and reveled in the electrifying feelings ripping across her body, leaving her both weak and empowered at the same time.

Her fingers, emboldened by the flames tearing through her, reached up and tangled in his jet black hair, feeling softer than she would have thought possible.

Each time he explored a new area, she gasped in surprise, feeling more and more of an ache, something she'd known was possible, but had never experienced before. The only thing that would ease the ache was more of the same, but that in turn intensified the feelings. When his hand moved under her cotton blouse, touching her bare skin, she cried out and moved, her body automatically begging for more of that touch, more excitement.

When he lifted her into his arms, she looked around, confused that he was no longer touching her. Initially, her only thought was to demand that he put her down and touch her again, more and longer. Then she realized he was walking and something inside her head blared out a warning sign.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"My bedroom. Much more comfortable for what we're going to do, kitten."

"Bedroom?" she asked, the worry that had been pushed aside when he was touching her came roaring back to life and she pushed against him. "We can't do that," she gasped and forced him to stop.

He stood there in the middle of the suite's fabulous living room, holding her in his arms as if she weighed almost nothing at all. "Please put me down, Dharran," she said and something in her face or tone of voice seemed to get through to him. He stopped and looked down, his eyes hot and slumberous but a creep of fire, of definite anger was battling inside him. Thankfully, his amazing control came through and he let her feet fall to the floor, but he didn't release her.

"What are you afraid of?" he asked, holding her against his tall frame.

Emma wanted both to push away but also stand here in the circle of his arms, feeling the heat of his body warming hers. "I can't go into the bedroom with you," she said as clearly as the new feelings of desire would allow.

"Why not?" he demanded.

"Because of my job," she explained carefully.

"Your job doesn't factor into this situation at all."

She shook her head and pushed away, forcing her feet to carry her away from his enticing scent. "It has everything to do with that bedroom."

He ran a hand through his hair in frustration but didn't come close to her. "Explain."

Emma took a deep breath and pushed her flyaway curls behind one ear. "My job is all about teaching a bunch of kids, of all ages, that they need to think about the consequences of their actions, whether that's simply attending school and getting their homework done to providing help around their house, or getting out of their house if their parents are doing something illegal. Which happens more often than you can imagine," she said with sadness.

He was quiet while she explained and she noticed the tension in his shoulders and facial features. "And having sex with me would be irresponsible."

She nodded. "Yes. It contradicts what I preach to them over and over. I don't know you. I don't know anything about who you are as a person. Not to mention the birth control issue."

"I will take care of that," he said with finality.

She shook her head. "You can, and should, do your part, but that doesn't negate my responsibility. I have to be responsible for my own body. Can you understand that?"

He smiled softly. "I understand you're telling me that it has been so long since you were with a man that you are no longer on any form of birth control."

Emma laughed. "It figures that, from that whole speech, you would get that out of it."

"Is it true?"

She looked down, nervously smoothing her cotton shirt back down over her hips, feeling a bit self-conscious that she looked so drab while he looked fabulously elegant. "I haven't had a significant man in my life for quite a while," she confirmed, not bothering to tell him that she'd never been with a man sexually. She didn't think that was something he needed to know since he'd head back to his country and she'd get back to her life. There was no reason for the two of them to ever meet again, which caused a completely different ache in the pit of her stomach than she'd been experiencing only a few moments ago.

She looked around and took a deep breath. "I think I'd better go," she said, exhausted now with the bad night's sleep, then the raging emotions she'd experienced in such a short period of time.

"Do you like your new car?" he asked, stepping in front of her, not allowing her to pass. He put his hands on her waist, one hand moving up to her chin to caress her skin softly.

Emma shook her head. "I haven't driven it."

"Why?" and then he thought for a moment. "How did you get here if not by car?"

She laughed at his horrified expression. "I took the bus, like any normal person would do."

His anger came back into his eyes. "You are not a normal person, Emma."

She laughed again, amazed by this man's arrogance. "Sure I am. And be glad I did, because I probably would have done you bodily harm if I'd gotten here any faster."

He smiled at that and shook his head. "You can think so if you like," then he became serious one more time. "Why didn't you take your new car?"

"Because I can't accept it."

"Why ever not?"

"Because I can't accept a gift like that with the implications behind it."

"And if there are no implications or expectations other than me wanting you to have reliable transportation?"

"There are always strings attached to gifts like that."

He looked at her, assessing how best to get around her objections but Emma was firm about this. Besides, she had a more practical reason as well.

"It's probably already stolen, anyway."

She was waiting for his expression to change into horror but that never transpired. Instead, he only shook his head. "It is equipped with anti-theft devises."

That was so hilarious, she threw back her head and laughed, shaking her head at his assumptions of how illusory anti-theft devices were on vehicles. "You don't really know the guys that live around that center. They would know exactly where any anti-theft devices are and, if they were to steal that car, the only thing left in the parking space is what remains of your fabulous anti-theft device, just to twist the knife a bit more. Some of them think it's funny to show the previous owners of vehicles just how ineffective those devices can be, and how smart they think they are."

"You need a safer job," he said with frustration, exhaling deeply as he looked up at the ceiling in frustration, his hands running down her arms from her shoulders all the way to her elbows and back up, causing her to shiver despite herself.

She shook her head, amusement still lingering on her lips. "I love my job and I know I'm helping. That makes even the frustrations worthwhile."

"You can make a difference in a less dangerous atmosphere," he countered.

"I'm good at my job." She sighed and looked down at her watch. "Speaking of which, I need to get back there. The preschool kids are probably finishing up with lunch about now and I like playing on the playground with them."

"You must stay and eat something," he countered and released her to walk to the phone sitting on a beautifully polished side table.

"I'll just grab a sandwich from the kitchen at the center," she said and started walking towards the doorway.

"You will not," he argued. "And I will drive you back."

Emma eyed him carefully, understanding that he thought he was going to win this argument and not letting him, but also not allowing herself to underestimate him as an opponent. "I'll grab a sandwich at the kitchen," she said firmly, refusing the sandwich strictly out of stubbornness now.

"I'll order you a sandwich. It will be ready by the time we reach the car."

She bristled at his dictatorial tone. "Dharran, I'm taking the bus, and grabbing what is probably a grilled cheese sandwich. And there's really nothing you can say about it."

He moved closer, only an inch separating their bodies as he looked down at her. "You think not?"

She tried to move back but he stopped her, his arm wrapping around her waist and pulling her hard against the front of him. "I could keep you here, make love to you and make you so crazy that you'll obey everything I demand of you," he said, his voice deep and husky. "And we would both enjoy it immensely."

"No," she said, her head shaking back and forth, her entire body starting to shiver both in anticipation that he would follow through, and the fear that he wouldn't.

"Yes," he argued, his hand reaching up and touching the bare skin underneath her blouse, skin that was already primed from his touch only moments ago. "I could make you beg," he claimed.

Emma knew they were no longer talking about lunch or transportation. "Please, Dharran, don't do this,"

"Why not? I could make you want it and forget about all your responsibilities. And you could make me forget all about mine as well."

"Only for a little while. Then we'd regret it."

"I wouldn't ever regret making love to you, my kitten."

She shuddered as his hand moved upward, and around to the side, his thumb resting just below her breast. "Please Dharran. I can't fight you on this level. I don't know how."

He was still for a long moment, her heart racing as she watched the emotions race across his normally stern features. Her body was waiting, taut as a bow string, wondering if his hand would move that fraction of an inch needed to touch her breast, or if he would respect her wishes and pull his hand away. She honestly wasn't sure which she wanted more. He released her and she almost stumbled backwards, might have fallen if his strong hands hadn't grabbed her to steady her. "I'll call my car," he said.

Emma thought it was best not to argue about the ride at this point. She just wanted to get back to the center and recover from his devastating touch. She was aching inside and could barely stand on her trembling knees.

The ride back to the center took significantly less time than her bus ride over since it was much more direct and not necessary to stop at just about every corner. The luxury inside the limousine was almost inconceivable to Emma who was used to finding uses for discarded items, recycling and reusing everything to save money.

"What's going on?" Dharran asked as they pulled up and a delivery truck was busy unloading tables and chairs while another was setting up colorful tents in the parking lot.

Emma's spirits brightened and she found relief in focusing on something other than the dynamic, terrifying man beside her. "We're having a fundraising event this weekend. There's going to be a moon bounce and face painting for the kids, a dunking machine, a bake sale, a baseball and basketball game competition, lots of things. It's going to be a lot of fun. We invited the mayor and several city council members although none of them have confirmed their attendance yet. They usually wait until the last minute in case something better comes along," she said with a grimace of acceptance. "I'm really grateful I'm not in politics," she laughed.

"Are you going to invite me?" he asked seriously.

Emma looked up at him and her heart tripped several beats. "It won't really be your cup of tea."

"You don't know what I like to drink."

She scoffed. "Please. This will be a much more crazy than the events you generally patronize." She stepped out of the limousine and started to turn back to him but he was already standing next to her. One of his body guards walked up in that same moment and handed her a fancy bag. Looking inside, she noticed the logo of the restaurant on the top and she chuckled. "You cheat when you want to get your own way, don't you?"

He looked down at her, his eyes hard and mysterious. "I find ways to achieve my goals."

"And right now your goal is to make sure I eat whatever is in this bag instead of a basic sandwich."

He leaned forward slightly. "Right now, my goal is to get you into my bed and begging me to be inside of you, making you scream out my name as you climax over and over again."

Emma couldn't speak, she just stared up at him silently. He bent down and kissed her open mouth, his tongue exploring her mouth, his lips sucking her own and creating a sensual assault that left her mind utterly blank. A moment later, he stepped back and ducked into the car. "Goodbye for now, my kitten."

The limousine backed up and drove off, before she could counter that she wasn't "his" anything. She wasn't sure how long she stood there staring in the direction the car had disappeared, the restaurant bag hanging from her limp fingers.

"He's pretty hot, Ms. Em," Genevieve said as she and her friends sauntered up, book bags over their shoulders. "You gonna get him?"

The question broke her trance and she jumped, spinning around. "Get him?" she asked, wondering what they were actually asking of her.

"Yeah, you going to jump him?"

"Absolutely not!" she claimed.

Beth smiled gaminely, "Can I have a go at him then?"

"He's much too old for any of you," Emma stated firmly. "Don't you girls have homework?"

"Sure we do. It would be really nice to have him as a tutor though," Beth teased.

Emma shook her head and walked away. "I'll tutor you ladies in any subject that's relevant."

As she walked away, she heard one of them say, "I'm not sure Ms. Em knows how to tutor in the main subject," and the three others laughed.

Emma didn't doubt them at all, so she didn't take offense. Walking into the center, she headed straight for the kitchen. Sure enough, the last of the grilled cheese sandwiches were being cut up for afternoon snacks for the homework crowd, first come first served.

She peeked in the bag, wondering what kind of lunch Dharran had provided for her, then at the grilled cheese. Her curiosity was intense but so was her desire to win the argument, even though it was sort of a mute point at this stage.

When she smelled the enticing aromas coming from the box, she couldn't hold out any longer. Lifting the box up, she peeked inside and was touched by the chicken pesto sandwich. It smelled wonderful and her empty stomach rebelled against simply putting it back in the box to spite Dharran and his dictatorial manner. Deciding to pick her battles, she lifted the sandwich and took a bite, savoring the delicious burst of flavor from the perfectly grilled chicken and subtle basil pesto.

Sitting down on the old metal chair, she enjoyed the sandwich, all the while, plotting out various ways to get back at him for manipulating her the way he had today. She should probably try and figure out what to do about transportation, but that problem was just a bit too overwhelming for her right at the moment. One issue at a time, she told herself.

Chapter 4

The heat was pretty intense, Emma thought as she pulled her black cotton shirt away from her black cotton tee-shirt. That color definitely wasn't the best for a mid July afternoon but she had planned her wardrobe carefully this morning, knowing that the center's big fundraising event was coming up. A hat at least kept the sun off her eyes but she was still wilting under the mid July heat and humidity. Summers in Washington, D.C. were always tough but today was especially brutal. The black asphalt was only adding to the heat, feeling as if the black tar was absorbing the sun's heat and melting everyone's rubber soles and then radiating the remaining heat back into the air.

The only consolation was the amazing turnout for the festival. It seemed like the entire neighborhood was out in full force enjoying the bake sales and good natured rivalries. The atmosphere was supposed to be like a state fair but they didn't have farm animals so the families brought out their dogs and cats, and one hamster for the ritual judging. One of the out-of-work handymen from two streets over had even built a little platform for the animal judging, which Emma realized she could use for a stage with the kids for later events. She walked over to Mr. Harmon, the man who had built the stage and touched his shoulder. "You did an excellent job there, Mr. Harmon," she said, smiling at the man who hadn't aged well in this environment of violence and hardship.

His chest puffed up with pride and he smiled at his accomplishment. "It looks pretty good, don't it?" he agreed. "You just call me anytime you need something. My little Ellie is starting to apply to colleges, thanks to you. Hopefully she can get out of this rat race and make something of herself." His eyes became a bit teary and he fought back the emotion as he thought about his only surviving granddaughter.

The bake sale was in full swing, the chili contest contestants were busy cooking to the left, the animals were exhibited to the right, a moon bounce, dunking tank and pie throwing contest was at the opposite end and several of the people from the neighborhood were selling their wares such as quilts, jams, embroidered items or other home made items. She was scheduled to be a target for the pies in five minutes so she really had to hurry but took a moment to look around, happy that things were turning out so well. No alcohol was allowed and even some of the gangs were showing up, accompanied by Father Mike to avoid problems. All their parents were there which, although wasn't a guarantee for a peaceful afternoon, was a strong deterrent for any violence.

Her moment to savor the peace and success was sweet, but unfortunately short. She was turning to head towards the pie throwing area when her eyes collided with a pair of dark, intense ones. When Dharran had arrived here, or why, she had no idea. But her stomach did a silly little flip flop when she noticed him and her heart increased possibly triple time. Taking a deep breath, she glanced at the pipe line, then back his way, and realized that she really needed to speak with him and welcome him to the festivities. And ask him how long he was going to be here. There were undercover police officers roaming the area, but she still worried about him being in this kind of environment, even with his body guards. It just wasn't safe for someone like him to be out in the open like this with so many people milling about.

Walking up to him, she smiled brightly up at his stern expression. "Good afternoon," she greeted him, turning to the guards as well to encompass all of them in her greeting. "Welcome back. I'm glad you were able to make it today but are you sure...." She stopped when his eyebrow went up before she could even finish the question. "Fair enough." Turning back to the crowd, noting that several people were watching them and obviously starting to wonder who the tall, well dressed man was and why their director was taking so much of an interest in him, she smiled up at him. "Welcome. We're very glad you were able to take the time out of your busy day to have a little fun," she said, as professionally as she could since several of the study group girls were heading in this direction.

He stepped forward, so that her focus was only on him, a subtle but effective way of excusing the rest of his entourage from their conversation. She noticed the guards weren't insulted at all, and in fact turned to look around at the crowd, their sunglass covered eyes probably skimming all the people in the near and far areas for threats.

"You look lovely," was all he said, tactfully realizing that she was in her role as the director. He took her hand and lifted it to his mouth, ignoring the slight resistance as she braced herself for the impact of his touch. "I'm impressed with what you have accomplished in such a short period of time. None of this was around three days ago when I last visited."

Emma tried to pull her hand away, but he wouldn't let her, instead tucking it into the crook of his arm. "I didn't do all of this. The teens actually did most of the work. They're the ones who want the swimming pool so I told them if they wanted it, they had to figure out how to raise the money for it."

His eyebrows rose at that and she laughed. "It's true, although most people don't believe what these kids can do when properly motivated. I only organized the committee meetings and helped them stay focused, avoided any arguments that sidetracked the discussions. They're the ones who came up with the ideas and followed through with the activities."

He looked around and frowned. "Where would a pool be built?"

Emma pointed across the street. "See that building on the other side of the block?"

"The one with the red and black bricks and the windows hanging down the side of the building?" he asked.

"That's the one. The ground is soft enough for the digging but with enough foundation surrounding it to hold an indoor pool. The city agreed to pay for half if they raised the rest of the money both for the construction and maintenance."

He looked down at her, his eyes showing his respect. "I'm impressed."

"Don't look at me. The kids did it," she said, although she was breathless with the intensity of his look. It made her feel all queasy inside. "I don't agree that governments should take care of everyone's needs. People around here need to feel like they're in control to make things better. Not the government or police."

"A bit radical, don't you think?"

She pulled back and looked up at him. "Not at all. The United States is built on a culture of people doing things for themselves and fixing our own problems, taking control when faced with a direction they don't agree with. We shouldn't wait for the government to fix things. We're all fully capable of creating opportunities for ourselves."

He chuckled. "You really should run for public office," he said. "You would lose, but at least you would have a bigger voice for your opinions."

She shrugged. "I don't need a louder voice, just one that helps a small part of the world."

"Ah...an ideologue."

"There's nothing wrong with being a bit idealistic."

He didn't answer immediately but finally said, "Nothing, as long as you aren't disappointed."

She looked up at him, the brim of her hat only partially shielding her eyes from the sun. "Disappointment is part of life. But so is excitement, hope and encouragement when things start to look gloomy."

He smiled down at her and shook his head slightly. "As I said, an ideologue."

She rolled her eyes and looked away. "And you're a cynic."

"A realist."

"No different. Without dreams, previously impossible things could never happen."

He pulled her closer and for a moment in time, the crowds disappeared, the heat dissipated and the soles of her feet felt as if they were walking on a cloud instead of the hard pavement. She thought he was going to kiss her and she wasn't sure if she wanted that or not.

"Ms. Em!" a voice called, breaking the spell that had been blocking out the rest of the world. "You're up."

Emma looked around and saw several expectant faces waiting on her response. She was confused for a long moment, wondering why they would be waiting for her, then she saw four of her teenage boys standing at the pie throwing table, a pie made of whip cream in their waiting hands and a mischievous expression on their usually sullen faces.

Emma laughed outright and gave in, throwing up her hands. "Okay, I signed up so I'm on my way." Turning to Dharran, she touched his hand slightly. "If you'll excuse me, I'm on call for the pie contest for the next fifteen minutes, then in the dunking tank. So many of the kids think they can get me this way so I'm a big fundraiser."

Word was obviously spreading that it was her turn to go up because she could see people whispering to each other and then hurry to get into the line.

Emma good naturedly got behind the screen and put her head through the screen, a seemingly easy target for the pies. But after fifteen minutes, she'd only been partially hit with a pie. The contest was loads of fun and Emma was laughing so hard her stomach hurt as boy after boy lined up to toss one in her direction. The issue was the pies. Because so many were in demand, it was hard for the whip cream to be filled up fast enough. And even then, the heat was melting the cream, pushing the filling to one side or another, tossing off the balance. So even if someone normally had excellent aim, they missed her almost completely, to the laughing comments of many in the crowd.

Emma glanced at Dharran several times and he was standing off to the side, a slight smile on his face as he watched so many people try to hit her straight on. The others started to realize that she'd look over in his direction each time one came close. Something must have telepathed to the crowd because Jerome, one of the best basketball players, walked over with a fresh pie and offered it to Dharran, seeming to explain the game.

Emma had been the target for so long, she wasn't at all worried when Dharran walked up and hefted the pie in his hand, gauging the weight and balance, measuring the aim. He looked so serious that she actually laughed and rolled her eyes. "Come on big boy!" she called out to him. "Go ahead and toss it at me. As if you could really hit me."

Seconds later, she wasn't so cocky about this aim as she looked around, or tried to, blinking hard to get the whip cream out of her eyes and hair to the screams of laughter and good natured cheering from the crowd. She stood up and used her fingers to clear the cream away, then looked over at Dharran, noting the hands on his hips and the satisfied expression on his face as well as several people patting him on the back as they surrounded him, much to the chagrin of his security team. "You hit me!" she called out, laughing at his smug expression.

He walked up to her, carrying a towel that someone had handed him. With a gentle hand he wiped the cream off her face, then bent down and kissed her, right there, in front of so many people, then licked a bit of the cream off her nose. "Just as I suspected, you taste very sweet, kitten."

She was stunned into silence, looking up at him as her heart hammered in her chest almost painfully. She desperately wanted him to do that again. And maybe again.

But the crowds were closing in, patting Dharran on his shoulder in congratulations.

Emma sighed and handed the towel to one of the girls working the stand, all of whom were still laughing. "Okay, good shot," she said to Dharran. "You've had your fun, why don't you go over and try the pie samples. I can guarantee you've never had a better rhubarb pie than Ms. Lewinsky's."

He walked closer and rubbed his finger over her earlobe, then lifted a tuft of whip cream to his lips, obviously a dollop she had missed a moment ago while wiping off her face. "Delicious."

Thankfully, he walked away and gave her a bit of breathing space and her vengeance for the pie hitting her square on was that he was guided over to the pie table by a group of giggling girls, all of whom were trying out their teenage wiles on the most handsome, and obviously wealthy, man in the vicinity.

Normally, any man who would step onto their turf and disrupt their advances would create a frenzy of jealous outrage among the males in that age group but since Dharran had done what all of them hadn't been able to do, plus, he kept looking back at Emma instead of showing a preference for any particular female, the teenage boys high fived each other in their enjoyment of Emma being smashed with a pie.

Emma kept glancing back as she made her way to the dunking booth on the opposite side of the asphalt, ignoring the small stabs of jealousy, as the girls took Dharran from one table to the next, obviously explaining what each delicacy was. Dharran, being the courageous man she was learning he was, accepted each taste, no matter how bizarre the small bite might be.

He also bought several items, waving to one of his men each time he came upon something that intrigued him.

Emma had to be nudged out of her reverie after several minutes of watching him. She was in awe of the way he walked through the tables, covered only with a canopy, and made each of the women and men feel as if they were special. She wished she had that ability, which was almost magical, she thought as she was pushed towards her next assignment, the dunking tank.

Emma waited as Father Mike climbed out of the tank, still damp from his last dunking. Each player paid one dollar to take a baseball and hit the relatively small bull's eye, which would then release the platform upon which the victim was sitting. Said victim would then splash into the water down below, usually to large cheers from the spectators.

It occurred to her that this was the first time she'd ever seen Dharran in something other than a full suit with tie completely knotted. Today he was actually wearing a short sleeved collared shirt and tan slacks although his shoes were still highly polished and he looked absolutely devastating amidst the throngs of teens in jeans shorts with their boxers more than peeking out the top and basketball jerseys that were about four times too large.

Emma had volunteered to be in the tank for thirty minutes. After fifteen minutes, another line had formed to try and dunk her. Emma laughed each time the target was hit and she was splashed into the tank. The guys were having a blast trying to get her into the tank and Emma enjoyed the coolness of the water after the heat of the afternoon.

And then Dharran finished his rounds at the tables and turned to see what all the commotion was. There was such a loud crowd surrounding the tank that Dharran couldn't see what was happening. He politely thanked the woman who had sold him a loaf of bread, then handed the bread to a waiting body guard who added it to his large bag of finds. Dharran looked around, but he didn't see Emma anywhere. He knew she'd been following his progress initially with her eyes, he'd felt them and was relieved that she was feeling just as possessive as he was. He didn't like her being surrounded by men like this, but the age groups were so much younger than she was, he didn't feel as if they were a threat to her at this point. His men were keeping an eye on the crowd though, just in case an issue arose that would create a dangerous situation.

Heading towards the large crowd, he kept his eyes open for Emma, wanting to check on her status, and just wanting to see her once again.

As he came closer to the cheering crowd, Dharran was taller than all the others so it was easy for him to see over the heads of the rest. And what he saw made him so furious he could barely contain his temper.

Emma, the woman he'd been patiently trying to get into his bed, was sitting on a platform being tumbled into the water. And each time, his body grew harder as the clothes were plastered against her skin with the water. Her lovely, lush figure outlined perfectly as the water dripped down her clothes. He'd known she would be lovely but, even with his tutored eye, he had no idea what she'd been hiding under those hideous clothes. And even so, he'd been drawn to her from the moment he'd set eyes upon her. Not even aware of how sensuous she would be. It was ludicrous that he'd been blinded by her smile and those insane curls and hadn't seen what lay beneath the tee shirts.

He tried to be rational as he listened to the crowd cheering each time she was dunked. But with every roar and clap, his patience was strained.

One of his guards came up and suggested that they end the performance but Dharran was loathe to do so. He knew that only a few in the crowd were cheering and watching for the same reason he stood there. It was difficult though, to not have his men disperse the crowd and take his Emma under cover, whisking her away to some place where he could peel those clothes off of her delectable body and show her exactly what she could experience at his hands. And his mouth.

When Emma finally called it quits, she climbed out of the dunk tank amid boos and laughter, with clapping sprinkled in. The crowd was satisfied a moment later when one of the extremely large teens climbed up into the tank. All of them jostled amongst each other to be the first to throw the baseball and within moments, the huge male was splashed down into the water, the yells and applause even louder then when Emma had gone down.

A towel was thrown around Emma's shoulders, and at that moment, Dharran had endured enough. He wanted her next to him and he was furious that others had seen what he wanted to see, only without the previously shapeless shirt that was still plastered against her body.

"Come with me," he demanded, taking her arm and dragging her into the Rec Center, directly to her office and slamming the door closed.

Emma was furious and tried to pull her arm free, only to have him grab her more securely. When they were behind closed doors and he'd let go of her arm, she spun around, ready to rip into him for dragging her anywhere, and completely fed up with a second encounter where he did exactly what he wanted despite her opinions on the subject.

"Just who do you..." she started to say, but her tirade was cut off as he pulled her into his arms, his mouth covering hers and kissing her with a passion that would have terrified her if her mind had been functioning. As it was, the kiss stole her breath away and she didn't even realize when he pushed her back against her desk, leaning over her while one hand pulled her closer and the other lifted her leg so that it was practically wrapped around his hips.

Emma moaned as desire swamped her senses. Her hands reached out to grab his shoulders but once she gained her balance, his shoulders weren't enough. She wanted to touch him as well.

With his hands firmly around her back, he pulled her against him, his arousal plain as it pressed against her stomach. Emma felt it and was amazed that she could have so much power, but then he touched her back, pulling the wet, black fabric up so his hand could touch her bare skin.

With a growl, Dharran pulled the fabric up over her head, tossing it onto the floor beside them. His eyes looked down at her, looked at her sumptuous breasts encased in simple black cotton edged with lace. "More," he demanded and with a simple flick of his wrist, the strap of her bra fell off her shoulder, revealing one perfect, creamy breast, the black cotton hanging from her taut nipple.

Emma's breath was rapid now, her body shivering as she watched Dharran's hand close over her breast, cup it's fullness gently at first. But then he bent her back so she was almost laying on her desk, papers and all, so his mouth could cover her nipple and Emma almost screamed out with the pleasure that rocked her body, her hands coming up to grab his shirt with fists as her legs wrapped around his hips. She closed her eyes and arched against his mouth, inviting him to do more.

He obliged by using his teeth to move the cotton fabric off her nipple before coming back, his hot mouth covering her nipple once again, the heat of his mouth shocking her, but nothing compared to what she felt when he started to suck, gently at first, but with more power as she held his head, her body writhing underneath his hands.

"We can't do this here, Emma. Come back to my suite with me," he groaned, his hand moving to the other breast, giving it the same attention. "I promise you won't regret it."

Emma's mind was quickly coming out of the passion induced fog but with his words, something filtered through. "Finish?" she whispered, then groaned as his mouth covered her other breast, moving downward.

Emma stopped his progress with the expedient method of simply raising his head. It was successful only because he wasn't expecting it but he smiled as he watched her looking down at him from this angle. "Yes, we can't do this here," he said and moved higher, his mouth about to close over her breast again since it was still bare, the taut peak still calling to him only inches from his mouth.

Her hands weren't able to stop him this time so she wiggled away, some of the papers sliding to the floor in her efforts but they gave her a bit more movement. "We can't do this," she whispered frantically, her eyes moving from the open window to the door which was thankfully closed but not locked. "Dharran, please, don't do this."

"I agree," he said and pulled her up. "Come with me. We'll go to my hotel and finish this."

Emma was already shaking her head, her fingers barely able to pull the straps to her bra back up because they were shaking so violently. "I can't go to your hotel with you," she replied, turning her back to him as she picked her still soaking shirt up off the floor.

There was a moment of silence before he said, "What do you mean?"

She pulled the blouse on, ignoring the camisole underneath and shivering as the wet fabric re-plastered itself against her body. It was cold and clammy, but it also gave her the clarity to understand what they'd been about to do.

Once she was dressed, she turned back t face him. "I'm sorry. I know I was leading you on but we can't do this. I've already explained myself to you once but I really need to be firm about our relationship. This," she said, waving her hands between them for lack of effective words, "just isn't going to happen between us."

In response, he raised an eyebrow and stepped closer to her, leaning over her and glaring into her eyes. "Emma, understand now, that we will be together, you and I. What we have does not happen often between two people. I understand that you're in the middle of something right now, but believe me, there will come a time when we will finish what we started here today."

Without another word, he spun on his heel and walked out of the tiny office, the old, wooden door slamming as he exited, fury emanating from his every movement.

Chapter 5

Emma's hands shook as she picked up the phone. She didn't know how, she just knew that the person at the other end of the phone was Dharran and she shouldn't answer the phone. Her hand raised the receiver anyway, despite her brain's insistence that it was a bad idea.

"Hello?"

"Emma," Dharran's deep voice said through the receiver. "You're not answering on your cell phone. Are you trying to avoid me?"

With a shaking breath, she nodded her head. "Yes."

"Why is that?" he asked gently.

"Because we shouldn't see each other."

"But we're going to see each other. I leave tomorrow so I want to have dinner with you."

She rested her forehead on her hand. "Dharran..." she started to tell him no, to list all the reasons why they shouldn't see each other, but he stopped her with a simple "Emma."

Her objections froze in her throat.

"Come meet me for dinner."

The idea of being alone with him was unquestionably not a good one. "No."

"I'll pick you up at seven. Will you wear something pretty?"

"Don't you mean that one of your body guards will pick me up?"

"Why do you ask that?"

"Because I don't believe you would deign to actually arrive at my door step and ring my doorbell."

"And if I did?"

Emma fiddled with the zipper on her jacket. "I think I'd actually have a heart attack."

He laughed softly. "You're too young for a heart attack."

She laughed back, "I'm too young for you."

"You're the perfect age for me. I'll see you at seven. Remember to wear something pretty."

He hung up the phone on whatever protest she might have come back with which didn't really matter since he wasn't listening to her anyway. Emma glared at the phone, wondering if she would ever be able to win a conversation with him. And why was it always an argument anyway?

No, they shouldn't see each other because he had absolutely no respect for her opinions, there was no future between someone who ruled a massive, wealthy nation and someone who worked with inner city kids and there was a ten year age difference that would always get in the way. He'd always think he was right because...well because he was an arrogant pompous jerk who always thought he was right.

"Ugh!" she said out loud and dropped her hands onto her arms.

"Men problems?"

Father Mike was lounging in the doorway. "Yes," she groaned.

"What's the issue? Why don't you just give in to what you really want and enjoy it?"

She stared across the office at the man with the collar. "I can't believe you of all people are telling me to ignore everything we teach these kids, both boys and girls, and just jump a man's bones because I'm attracted to him."

Father Mike smiled and walked further into her office. "Actually, I really just wanted you to admit that you're attracted to him. I've been watching you and it seems like you've been trying to avoid him."

She leaned back, crossing her arms over her chest. "Is that so wrong?"

He shrugged and looked carefully at her. "I think it's wrong that a beautiful, young, vibrant woman would cloister herself in this center and not date."

She was shocked. "I date!"

"Who?" he challenged.

Emma concentrated hard, trying to remember the last guy she'd been out with. "There was that guy that took me out for a movie. That was only a few months ago."

Father Mike rolled his eyes. "Emma, that was last October."

She looked confused. "Was it really ten months ago?"

He didn't answer, only nodded with raised eyebrows. "Besides, he doesn't really count."

"Why doesn't he count."

"Because you weren't interested in him."

"Sure I was."

He shook his head. "No you weren't. You went out with him because you felt sorry for him. He approached you in the post office parking lot, asked you out and, according to what you told me back then, he looked so scared to actually be asking you out, you said yes even though you wanted nothing to do with him."

She leaned back again and shrugged. "I wanted to give him a chance."

"And?"

She sighed and her shoulders drooped. "Okay, so it was a disaster."

"From start to finish. So I ask again, why won't you go out with this guy? You're obviously attracted to him and he seems to fire you up. More than anyone else I've ever known."

"Because it's too dangerous."

"What's dangerous about it? You go out, you have fun, you talk and get to know each other."

She pushed her hair back in frustration. "If that was really what would happen, it would be great. But Dharran doesn't seem to be the type who talks during dinners. He seems to be more of an action kind of guy."

"Meaning, there won't be any conversation during dinner?"

"And probably no dinner."

Father Mike laughed, understanding. "Okay, so why not just enjoy it until it goes too far and then simply stop and say no."

She blushed painfully and shook her head, hoping Father Mike would just drop the subject.

But he wasn't letting it drop. As he watched her neck, then her cheeks and then her whole face become suffused with pink, he chuckled. "I see. You wouldn't be able to stop it, right?"

"Exactly."

He pursed his lips and nodded. "That would be a problem. Now I see your dilemma. So what are you going to do about it?"

She thought about Dharran, his shoulders that she wanted to explore, his kiss and the way her toes tingled when he touched her. She wanted him unlike she'd ever wanted any other man before. He stimulated her mind, body and soul. But he was who he was, and she wasn't in his league. Their worlds would collide and someone would get hurt.

"Nothing."

"Nothing as in you're going to ignore whatever you've got going with him?"

"Nothing, as in I'm not going to let anything start."

He raised one eyebrow. "Emma, obviously something started with him. I saw him walking out of your office yesterday."

"And?" she asked as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred.

"And...." He teased, "you'd just come out of the dunking tank and the entire front of his shirt and pants were wet when he left. Not to mention, he was about to rip off someone's head and it didn't look like he cared who it was. Something had obviously happened. Lie to me all you want even though I know the truth. But don't lie to yourself. That's unworthy of who you are." He smiled as he added, "And who God made you into."

She knew he'd go there and had to laugh as he stood up, having delivered his sermon for the day. "You're right, you know."

He took a deep breath and patted his chest as if he were some old man who had just imparted the wisdom of the world. "I know. My work here is done."

Emma tossed a rubber band at him and, with loads of experience dealing with teenagers, he easily caught the band with one hand as it sprang in his direction, then flipped it around and sprung it right back at her.

She laughed and ducked, but by the time she was ready for round number two, he was out the door and heading down the hallway. "Coward!" she called out to him.

"Speak for yourself, my dear!" he said, moments before she heard the gym doors slam closed behind him.

Her phone rang once again and this time, she wasn't afraid to pick it up. "Emma here," she said immediately in a cheerful voice, feeling better after her conversation with Father Mike.

"Em, Darcy here. What are you doing for dinner?"

Emma bit her lower lip and considered her options. "Well, you wouldn't happen to have a pretty dress I could borrow, would you?" she asked.

There was a long silence on the other end of the phone. "Emma, are you going out with that guy you were talking to at the mayor's lunch earlier this week?"

Emma cringed. It was one thing to discuss it with Father Mike because he would let the subject drop when she was really uncomfortable. Darcy and Claire were a completely different breed. Once they smelled blood, they would sink their teeth into the subject until they knew what they were chewing on. "No. I just thought it would be nice to go out somewhere and not look like a mess, that's all."

Darcy laughed through the phone. "You have a date with him! That's wonderful! You haven't been out with a guy in so long it's ridiculous!"

Emma grew impatient with everyone counting her love life. "It hasn't been that long."

She chuckled. "The guy last October doesn't count."

Emma sighed. "That's what Father Mike said."

"He's right. This guy is different. You really like him."

"No I don't."

"Well then why are you going out with him? And why are you trying to get all prettied up for your potentially fabulous night with him?"

"I'm not going out with him and I don't want the dress for him, I want it for myself," she countered, wanting to change the subject. "Why did you call?"

"Because I wanted to set you up on a blind date. But since you already have a date, there's no need. Besides, your guys is loads more hunky than the guy I just met."

"Why aren't you going out with him? What's wrong with him?"

"Oh, he's nice enough. He's just a really nice guy."

"And nice is bad?"

"No," she laughed. "Nice is good. He just doesn't throw off any sparks for me."

Emma groaned. "You're turning into Claire!"

"I am not!" Darcy countered. "Claire has too many dates. Just because this guy isn't date material for me, it doesn't mean he isn't just perfect for you."

"What makes you think he's perfect for me?"

"He's nice. He's about five feet, nine inches tall, brown hair, a computer geek..."

"He sounds perfectly boring. What made you think he and I would click?"

"Well, now that I know you've got this other guy, and we both know that this guy does more than click if the heat passing between the two of you the other day is any indication, then I'll just call Dave and tell him I'll find him another date."

"Wait a minute," Emma called out. "I might want to go out with this guy."

"Nope," Darcy argued. "Apparently you need a pretty dress for a hot date with your mucho gorgeous guy tonight. What time is he coming over to pick you up?"

"He's not."

"Of course he is. So I'll be at your apartment by five o'clock with a stack of pretty summer dresses and you can choose one."

Thirty minutes later, the doorbell rang and Emma was still unsure of what she should do. Darcy wasn't the only one who was at the door with at least five different dresses. Claire was also standing outside her apartment door, grinning hugely with curiosity in her eyes. As soon as they walked in and dumped their dresses, they turned and faced Emma down. "Spill it, girlfriend. What's going on with that guy and why haven't you told us about it before hand?"

Emma laughed. These women didn't cut corners, going directly to the issue. "His name is Dharran something something something and he's the..."

"We know. He's some sort of sheik of that huge country that has lots of oil and unimaginable money. You met him last week when your basketball crashed into his car. What's been happening since and why haven't you told us all about it as it happened?"

While Darcy interrogated, Claire picked up one of the dresses and held it up to Emma's figure, shaking her head and tossing it to the side. "What's wrong with that one?"

"You look sick," Claire said.

"Not the right color," Darcey said at the exact same time. "Try the green one. It will go with her eyes."

"Why do you guys have so many summer dresses and I have zero?" she said, picking up another one while Claire pulled out a mint green creation with spaghetti straps. "I'm not wearing that," she stated emphatically.

Claire ignored her and held it up to Emma's figure. "You're changing the subject. Have you kissed him yet?"

"What?" Emma almost shrieked.

Darcy turned to Claire and they both grinned. "That would be a yes. Okay, have you slept with him yet?"

Emma pushed the dress aside and picked up a pink one. "Of course I haven't slept with him. I just met him last week."

"I'd have slept with him!" Claire said with a teasing voice. "He's hot!"

Emma shook her head. "Like you've slept with all the other handsome men you've dated in the past?"

Claire grimaced. "We've had this conversation before. Over eager hands and inflated egos."

Emma rolled her eyes. "Claire, you go through men like other people go through paper towels. How many men do you need to date before one of them strikes your fancy."

Claire and Darcy looked at each other again, then back to Emma. "You're changing the subject once again. So what's wrong with sleeping with your hunk? He obviously makes you just a bit crazy. Probably a lot crazy. So what's holding you back?"

Emma sighed and sank down onto the sofa. "He's too..." she couldn't think of the word to describe him. "Everything."

Darcy and Claire sat down beside her and nodded. "And you're afraid of getting hurt."

"Exactly. There's no future here with this guy. So why go down a path that might lead to heartache?"

Claire contemplated the subject. "What if there is a future?"

Emma shook her head. "There isn't. He's ruler of some country and I'm the director of a recreation center. Those two worlds don't exactly mesh."

"What if there's just a long term love affair?"

"So I get to fall in love with him and then have him go off to marry someone else? That doesn't sound very appealing."

"Maybe you should just take this one day at a time. Tonight, for instance, you should spiffy up and put on that green dress, make him really be wowed."

In the end, the enticement of seeing Dharran again was too much of a temptation. She enjoyed his company, even though it often turned out to be exhausting.

Claire and Darcy gathered up the remaining dresses, kissed Emma on each cheek and left, Claire winking at Emma and telling her to just "go for it" in her eloquent way.

Emma showered carefully, then pulled on the dress, loving the way the bodice cupped her breasts, lifted them and made them look fuller while the skirt flared out, cinching in at her waist. The color was perfect for her skin tone, making her creamy skin look darker. She piled her hair on top of her head, then added a pair of pearl earrings that her mother had given her for her college graduation. Deciding to look a bit more glamorous, Emma used all of Darcy's makeup tricks, using heavier eye shadow and lining the top of her lids with dark brown liquid eye liner for a more dramatic impact. A soft pink lipstick finished the look and, stepping back, Emma knew she looked very pretty.

Would Dharran get the wrong impression about tonight? Was the dress too sexy?

She wouldn't know until he got there, she told herself.

The doorbell rang exactly at seven o'clock and she picked up the matching purse and was about to sweep out the door. But she was stopped cold when she found Dharran waiting patiently for her to answer the door.

She leaned out slightly and looked to the right and left.

"Who are you looking for?" he growled and pushed her back into her apartment.

She laughed at his angry expression and stepped back inside, allowing him to see where she lived, even if she was a bit embarrassed by the comfortable, but definitely well worn furniture. "I was looking for the body guards or the servants who would have rung the doorbell for you," she teased.

Dharran rolled his eyes and shook his head. "I am perfectly capable of ringing your damn doorbell, thank you very much," he said a moment before he pulled her into his arms, kissing her hard and thoroughly until she was breathless and clinging to him for support.

Looking down into her sparkling topaz eyes. "You look beautiful, by the way."

She smiled up at him. "Following orders, sir," she chimed back and stepped away so she could spin around. "Is the dress pretty enough for you?" she asked.

Dharran laughed and caught her easily as she spun, then pulled her closer. "The dress is lovely. Will you follow all of my orders tonight so willingly?"

"Absolutely not!" she laughingly replied. "Trust me, you're not getting lucky tonight."

He tucked her hand onto the crook of his arm and shook his head. "Handing out challenges tonight? Feeling very brave, aren't you?"

Emma giggled and shook her head. "No challenge. I just feel very light-hearted and determined."

He took her to a lovely restaurant that was elegant without being ostentatious. There were only about twenty tables but the food was extraordinarily wonderful, with five different courses, all more delicious than the last. The service was excellent without being over the top and interrupting their conversation repeatedly. And during the entire meal, they talked about different things, Emma laughed at his stories and debacles of growing up in a palace, while she told him poignant stories about some of the kids that visited the Rec Center, about their lives and their hopes.

After the meal, he escorted her down the street to a play at one of the experimental theatre companies. They watched a wonderful performance that made the audience laugh and cry and sigh with jubilation at the ending. All except Dharran who watched politely throughout it all, clapping at appropriate times, smiling when the audience laughed but no other emotion.

Over coffee at a nearby restaurant, she asked him about the performance.

"It was well done," was his simple, unenlightening response.

"You hated it, didn't you?"

He shrugged. "I appreciate the theatre, but generally it isn't my preference."

"Why did we attend tonight then?"

"Because I thought you would enjoy it."

She eyed him carefully. "Do you always do things you think someone else might enjoy?"

He grinned at her and leaned forward. "When it might get me what I want, then yes, I'm willing to ignore my own desires temporarily so I can get what I want."

The question came out of her mouth before she could stop it. "And what do you want?"

"You. In my bed. Writhing with need to have me inside you and crying out when I bring you to a mind-shattering climax."

She inhaled a shaky breath but couldn't look away. "Dharran..." she started to tell him that it wasn't going to happen, but he stopped her by shaking his head.

"Don't go there. Because you know it will be a lie. You want me. I want you and what we have when we come together will be explosive. So don't sit there and deny what we both know. It might not happen tonight, and I can see in your eyes that you're not yet ready for us to make love, but it will happen. And probably soon."

Chapter 6

Emma glared at the phone as it rang. She wasn't going to answer it, sure that was Dharran again. She had to answer it though. It was her job and it could be someone in trouble. That last statement he'd made after the theatre had rocked her mind a little more than she was willing to admit to him. He'd shown her that he was going to be patient and wait for her until she was ready. But would she ever be ready for him? For what he could make her feel? She lost control when he touched her and she didn't like losing control.

Biting her lip, she picked up the phone, her stomach clenching with anticipation and worry and something else, far more dangerous.

"Hello?" she said to the receiver.

"Hi, Emma. This is Jane from the mayor's office. How are you doing?"

Emma sighed in relief. "Jane! It's great to hear from you," she said enthusiastically, then paused, "Unless the mayor wants something. Is that it?" Her enthusiasm still there, but a spark of caution entered her voice.

Jane laughed. "Actually, this is an amazing opportunity for you. Someone really high up heard about the work you've been doing over at the center and they have suggested a sort of international observation committee. Isn't that wonderful?"

Emma was dumbfounded. "Are you kidding me? What do you mean about an observation committee?"

"Apparently, there's a group of social workers who get together in different countries and study the inner city efforts that are being used to help the residents, focusing on kids."

Emma didn't like the sound of this. "What countries are involved?" She had a sneaking suspicion that this was more of Dharran's manipulations.

"Let's see. London, Paris, Dubai and Washington D.C. are the initial cities but the committee is hoping to add more cities as word gets around. I'll send you the information. There was a bunch of literature that arrived with the suggestion that your center, and specifically you, be included as a committee member"

Emma was still suspicious, but it was starting to sound a bit more legitimate. She rung off from Jane, promising to read the information and get back to her. Apparently, the next meeting was scheduled for the following week. Why things were so near in the future, she had no idea, but it sounded like it was a worthwhile effort. If she could get more information on how to help her kids from other sources, she was more than interested.

The phone rang again and Emma absently picked it up. "Did you get the information?" Dharran's deep voice asked over the phone line.

Emma almost dropped the phone. "What information?" she asked, her suspicion increasing once again.

"International Committee on Children at Risk. I know that your mayor's office was going to call you this afternoon."

Emma sighed and leaned back in her chair, not even hearing the screeching of the springs as the old metal protested the movement. "Dharran, is this something you made up just to get me to Europe?"

"Why would I want you in Europe? I want you in my bed, underneath me and begging for me to make love to you. Europe is definitely too far for me to accomplish that goal."

Emma had to laugh. "You certainly don't hide your mission, do you? Subtlety is not your game, huh?"

"I don't think I've ever been subtle about what I want from you, Emma. Are you going?"

"Going?"

"To London? Next week."

"Probably not. Father Mike would be a better speaker."

"The invitation was for you. Not for Father Mike."

"You did have something to do with this, didn't you?"

"I mentioned the work you were doing to a friend of mine."

"And?"

"And, my friend wanted your contact information so that you could be included as a committee member."

"And?"

Dharran laughed softly. "You're definitely a suspicious woman, my kitten. Why do you think you don't deserve this kind of recognition for your work? And why don't you think some of your methods might not be transferable to other cities?"

He had her there. "And more importantly, what are those cities doing that I can adopt."

"That's the spirit," he commended. "My office has made the reservations. I'll send over the details to you electronically."

"What?" she cried out, the chair squeaking once again as she sat up straight in her chair. "You'll do no such thing."

"Yes, I will. Your center doesn't have the funding to send you to London. It's already done, Emma. The tickets are on the way, the hotel reservation has been made in your name and the meeting schedule should be in the mail to you already. All the arrangements are non-refundable so if you don't accept the nomination, the reservations will go unused but paid for," he finished, knowing her frugal sensitivity wouldn't allow her to ignore the arrangements now.

Emma shook her head. "You're manipulating me, Dharran. Again."

"Nonsense. All I'm doing is creating a situation where you're finally doing something you should have done a long time ago."

"And?" she prompted once again, knowing there was more to this than he was letting on.

"Goodbye Emma. Until we talk again, be sure and dream about me."

He hung up on her without answering her question and she was terrified of the hidden meanings behind his words. He was a master politician and strategist. If he wanted something, no one would know what it was until he'd already gotten it.

She sat back in her chair, feeling exhausted once again. Conversations with Dharran were stimulating and challenging and she knew that, deep down, she really loved sparring with him. But they definitely drained her of energy. Things he took for granted, such as trying to figure out what the other person may or may not do, and the impact of those actions, were new to her, and exhausting. Any sort of interaction with him was sort of like being in the middle of a chess game.

She smiled despite her fatigue though. Going to London, despite the fact that she was sure Dharran would show up, would be a fantastic opportunity.

Emma refused to admit that the bigger excitement was seeing Dharran once again. She wasn't going to see him, she was going to learn new ideas, and share her own with the other committee members. That was all. She wouldn't see Dharran, he was too busy running a country and selling lots of oil. There was no way he could fly up to London just to see her.

One week later, getting off the plane with her carry on baggage and purse, she looked around, hoping to easily find a taxi to take her to the hotel. She'd researched hotels carefully and had found one that was perfect for her needs, ignoring the suite Dharran had told her he'd booked her in. Her choice was small, and cozy and definitely in her price range. She had tonight to relax before the initial meetings tomorrow that were being held at one of the larger, fancier hotels in the main district of London. She thought it was a bit hypocritical to meet at a large, exclusive hotel, when the kids they would be discussing sometimes couldn't stand on the floor of their apartments because of roaches or rats.

As soon as she stepped out of the international arrivals area, she saw several drivers standing in front with signs. Since she wasn't expecting a driver, she walked around them, but a man stepped directly in front of her and bowed. "Ms. Emma Knightly?" he asked formally, his British accent melodic after the long, crazy airplane ride.

"Yes." She looked around, sure this man was looking for someone else.

"I'm here to take you to your hotel."

He started to reach for her luggage but she pulled back. "I'm afraid there's a mistake. You're probably looking for someone else. I'll just get a taxi," she said and started moving forward again.

"His Highness suggested that you might be resistant and asked that you read this note." A heavy, embossed envelope was handed to her and Emma took it with shaking fingers.

She peeled back the sealed flap and looked inside, almost afraid of what was inside. The note was simple.

Emma,

Please follow this gentleman to your hotel. He is to drive you during your stay so you don't have to worry about transportation in this busy and unfamiliar city.

D.

With a sigh, she closed the envelope. Smiling at the waiting gentleman, she asked, "So you're my driver?"

"At your service," he said with another small bow and a professional, polite smile.

"And a taxi would be out of the question?"

"If you would prefer a taxi, I will obtain one for you and follow behind," he said smoothly.

Emma knew the futility of arguing if he was going to follow her. "Okay. That sounds awfully silly when I can simply walk or take the subway, but lead the way," she finally said.

The man reached for her luggage and this time she allowed him. She followed him through the airport, amazed at how crowded, and large, the airport really was. The airports in Washington were all painfully busy as well, but she'd flown in and out of them so often she knew where she was going. The familiar rarely seemed as huge as the unfamiliar.

The man walked out the front entrance and stowed her bags in the elegant black car. Thankfully, Dharran hadn't gotten a limousine for her and she was grateful for the ride through the bizarre and alien streets. No matter what she said to the driver about her own hotel destination, he ignored her and went his own way. The hotel he drove her to was definitely not the one she'd reserved for this stay. It was, in fact, the hotel where the meetings were to be held and was just as fabulous as she'd expected.

At the hotel, her luggage was pulled out of the trunk and she was instantly led through the lobby and given directions to take the elevators to the twentieth floor. Her luggage would be delivered directly to her room.

Emma really didn't like being this out of control, but since things were such a whirlwind, she had no idea how to stop it. As soon as she opened her mouth to protest, the elevator doors closed and she was being whisked to the top floor of the hotel.

With a sigh, she leaned back against the mirrored interior and tried to get a grip.

The doors opened and, instead of a hallway, she was inside a stunning hotel suite complete with marble columns, a sitting room that was bigger than the gymnasium at the center and a breathtaking view of London's city skyline.

"You're late."

Emma shivered as Dharran's deep voice came to her. She looked around and found him off to the side, pouring a soda for her, and some amber liquor for himself. "And you look quite worn out."

She accepted the glass gratefully, careful not to touch his fingers. "I am. But more than that, I'm curious about how I came to be here. Is this conference real?"

He put a hand to the small of her back and smiled while he led her to one of the plush, maroon sofas. "Of course it's real. Didn't you get the literature?"

"Yes, but that doesn't mean you didn't have a hand in making it all come together."

"The only thing I did was to suggest that your name be added to the invitees. The committee reviewed your credentials, with hesitation, I might add because of your age, but you were included because of what you've accomplished in so short a period of time and with limited experience. Your name was unanimously voted onto the committee after your accomplishments had been reviewed."

She leaned back, as far back as she could so she'd have a bit of space from his enticing scent. "I feel pretty old right about now."

He looked down at her, one long finger brushing a stray curl off her cheek. "You look tired. You have dark circles under your eyes."

"It was a long flight. I really need to get to my hotel and relax before the first meeting."

He smiled and shook his head. "Always fighting it, aren't you?"

She didn't pretend to not understand. "Yes. I have to."

"Why?"

"Because there's no future for us. We shouldn't be in the same hotel room."

"But we are. Although you have your own room."

She almost laughed. "Is it right next to yours?"

"Yes."

"It doesn't really work that way."

"Are you afraid you might give in to your feelings and come to my bed?"

"Is that what you're hoping?"

"Yes."

"You're going to be disappointed."

One side of his mouth went up in an odd sort of smile. "I'm guessing we both will. But at least I'll be here to torture you and try and change your mind."

"As long as you accept when I say no."

"As long as you accept that I'm going to try and change that to a yes,"

She considered that for a moment. Her mind was telling her that she should run far and fast. Being near him was dangerous and she shouldn't play with fire. But the rest of her, the part that wasn't thinking too logically, was just so excited to be here with him, to see him again and feel his touch. She reached up and touched his cheek herself, curious as to what it felt like under her fingers. It wasn't soft, and she almost laughed at the startled expression in his eyes as her fingers copied what he'd done to her so often. "You're very rough," she said.

"I'll shave."

With a sigh, she shook her head. "I like it."

"I won't shave then."

She laughed but then was startled when he stood up. "You need dinner and rest if you're going to be an active participant tomorrow. And I have early morning meetings as well."

Dinner was brought to their suite and set out on the terrace, white coated waiters bringing one delicious course after another while Emma and Dharran talked and dined, and drank delicious wine. Emma loved talking with him, having her opinions challenged by his knowledge of world events and politics. She hoped she was also challenging him, because she didn't always agree with him. He might have good points, but when it came to social issues, he didn't let his heart interfere with the cost of a situation. And sometimes, she accepted that she didn't take the statistics into account enough.

Before he let her disappear into her bedroom, he took her into his arms and kissed her, thoroughly arousing her to the point of extreme exhilaration. She was clinging to him as he lifted his head and she dropped her hands to her sides, gripping the door frame as she walked away from him.

Emma thought she'd have a hard time falling asleep after that kiss, but she woke up the next morning completely refreshed, the smell of coffee and something heavenly wafting to her bedroom. She showered and changed into a business suit quickly, pulling her hair into a tight chignon, hoping she wouldn't look as young as she felt. She wanted to be taken seriously and looking the part was the first goal. Talking the part was step two but she was so nervous, she was afraid she might stutter and look ridiculous as she answered questions.

Dharran was sitting at the table, reading a newspaper and sipping coffee out of a delicate china cup as she stepped out of her room. As soon as she appeared, he stood up and held the chair for her. A waiter appeared instantly with a cup of coffee and Emma smiled her thanks.

Sitting down across from Dharran, she smiled nervously. "Good morning," she said, as the first thing she could think of to break the silence.

"Good morning. Did you sleep well?"

"Yes. The bed was incredibly comfortable," she said, then blushed.

"It would have been better if I was in it," he said softly.

Emma couldn't respond since the waiter came back in with a plate filled with cheesy eggs, ham, toast, fresh fruit, and place it in front of her.

"Goodness, I'm not sure if I can eat before today. I think I'm too nervous."

"Have some protein, it will help you during the day. And think of me each time you get nervous."

She laughed at that and shook her head. "That will make me even more nervous."

"I know. And I'm working to resolve that."

"How?"

"Marry me."

Emma almost choked on her eggs with his statement. Coughing, she righted her food and took a sip of the ice water in front of her place, trying to get control once again.

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me. I want you to be my wife."

Her mouth dropped open and she tried to concentrate, but words failed her."

"Marry you?"

"Yes. I want you in my bed badly enough. We should suit perfectly. You're generous spirit and beauty will win over my people. We could accomplish great things together."

Emma's heart sank and she had to look away. "You want to marry me because we'd look good together."

"You're a beautiful woman but there's much more to you than you're looks. I want the whole package as my wife. Is something wrong with that?"

She pushed her eggs away, angry now. "Nothing is wrong if that's the way you feel. I need to get my things together. My first meeting is in twenty minutes."

She stood up and started walking away, but he stopped her by grabbing her arm. He looked down into her fiery eyes. "You're angry with me," he said, obviously stunned by her reaction.

Emma didn't bother to deny it. "You certainly pull the emotions out of me," she snapped. "Let go of my arm. I need to go."

He pulled her closer instead of releasing her. Emma was trapped by the steel of his arms so she stood still in his arms, but turned her head away when he bent down to kiss her. Instead of kissing her mouth as he'd originally intended, his lips touched her neck, her ear, nibbling along the sensitive skin and causing a shiver to explode in her body. She didn't want to react, but this man just seemed to know exactly where and how to touch her.

"Let me go!" she said, then gasped as his mouth reached the base of her neck and she marched into his embrace. " Not fair," she groaned.

"Nothing in life is fair," he replied back and his hand moved from her back around to cup her breast. "Are you going to answer my question?"

The touch of his hand against her breast almost made her knees give out on her but his question, obviously in response to his "Marry me," statement, snapped her out of the passionate haze he'd so easily woven over her mind. Stepped back, breathing hard and putting her hands on her forehead, she looked back at him angrily. "You didn't ask me anything."

With that, she turned on her heel, grabbed her bag filled with her notes, and almost ran out of the suite, ignoring his calls for her to stop.

She wasn't exactly sure where she was going, but was grateful that the elevator doors closed quickly for her, allowing her only a brief glimpse of the furious expression on his face before she descended to the lobby of the hotel.

The lobby was crowded with so many people rushing about, Emma was confused for a long moment. She looked around, pulled her notes out of her bag and looked up the appropriate conference room. She knew she couldn't just stand here looking silly. She had to get out of the way and not give Dharran any cause to be able to simply pull her back to the suite.

She hated him, she thought as she walked furiously towards the conference room assigned for the morning meetings. The committee members were meeting for opening discussions in the morning but would tour other facilities in the afternoon, which was fine with Emma. The longer she was gone, the more she could avoid Dharran. She didn't want to ever see him again, she thought as she stepped into the conference room and poured herself a cup of tea.

As soon as the other members realized who she was, Emma was bombarded with questions and comments, kudos about one program or another that she had initiated. Her anger over Dharran's horrible proposal was completely circumvented as she thanked everyone for their comments.

The meetings were extremely helpful with several ideas being tossed about. The fifteen members discussed cultural differences that might impact different programs, gender problems, legal issues and a wide variety of challenges.

The group worked through lunch, and Emma was famished after skipping both dinner last night and breakfast earlier in the day. When a buffet was brought it, she eagerly grabbed a sandwich as the conversation continued on around her. The afternoon was just as informative as the group boarded a tour bus that took them to different inner city centers to get additional ideas, talk with the directors and the youth. Seeing the programs and hearing the comments stirred Emma's imagination and she frantically wrote down thoughts and ideas.

It was dinner time when the bus took them all back to the hotel but no one wanted to leave. It was agreed that they would order dinner back in the conference room and continue to work. Emma was thrilled to toss about the various ideas she'd heard, and thwart Dharran as well by not coming back to the suite for dinner.

It was almost midnight by the time she walked back into the suite. She would have even gotten her own room if there had been one available. She'd checked at the front desk but apparently the hotel was booked solid. So if she wanted a bed, she would have to sleep here.

Dharran was in the suite, but on a business call himself. He glared at her, hands on his hips as she walked into the living room. Emma was too tired right now to deal with that glare and the coming confrontation he obviously wanted. She put her bag down on one of the chairs and pulled her suit jacket off as she walked to the smaller bedroom, her shoes falling off her feet as she walked.

She didn't even pause to wave goodnight to him before closing the door. Emma was so tired, she literally curled up on top of the bed and fell asleep. She'd meant only to relax for a moment before undressing and brushing her teeth, but the flight and the meetings, not to mention Dharran's ability to cause her emotions to swerve all over the place, had taken all her energy and she simply had nothing left.

Emma stretched as the morning sunshine warmed her face. She wasn't cold for some reason even though the air conditioning in the suite was going full blast.

She sat up and looked around, surprised to see that she was no longer wearing her suit. Looking around the room, she spotted the black wool skirt and silk blouse folded neatly over the back of one of the overstuffed chairs near the window.

A huge, fluffy blanket was covering her as well but she lifted it to see what she was wearing. Only her underwear and bra peeked out from the soft sheets and Emma couldn't remember taking off her clothes.

Then a vague memory came back to her. She'd thought initially it was a dream, but seeing that she wasn't dressed any longer, she knew that Dharran had come in here and undressed her. He'd touched her too, Emma remembered, heat suffusing her cheeks as she remembered smiling and taking his hand, pressing it against her stomach and sighing happily.

"Ugh," she groaned as she leaned against the pillows. "Please tell me I didn't," she said to the empty room.

The scent of the roses made her turn her head to see where the beautiful scent was coming from.

They were absolutely beautiful, and each one was perfect, filling the room with a sweet perfume. The note in the middle was obviously from Dharran and she was tempted to just leave it there amidst the flowers. After yesterday morning, she didn't want anything to mar the beauty of the roses.

She showered and wrapped a towel around both her hair and her body, then padded over to the closet where her clothes had been unpacked by some mysterious hotel person. She grimaced as she thought about her plain, cotton underwear, wondering what the servant had thought about how plain it was. If she'd known that someone would be unpacking for her, she'd probably have hidden her underwear somewhere.

The brown suit was hanging in the closet along with the clothes she'd arrived in, neatly laundered and pressed. She almost laughed at the pants and shirt, both were nice, but chosen as much for their comfort as for their appearance. Emma hated flying in the first place, always uncomfortable and cramped. So when she flew, she made sure that she wore something that was stretchy and comfortable, along with flat shoes for walking through the long corridors of the airports.

As she reached in to pull out the practical brown suit, her arm bumped on another hanger. This suit was also brown, but so much more stylish. It wasn't very practical either, she thought as her fingers ran down the length of the beautiful summer wool. It was light weight, but more form fitting.

Emma looked at the suit and fell in love. The creamy brown was perfect for her skin tone while her own suit was a darker material and tended to wash her out under certain lights.

Biting her lip, she was undecided about wearing the obviously expensive suit. It would be so much more comfortable than the one she'd brought and would make her look much more professional. But on the other hand, wearing a suit this expensive while discussing poverty stricken kids and touring inner city areas didn't really send the right message.

In the end, she hung up the suit and put on her own, obviously more worn out suit. It still looked good, she thought. It wasn't very form fitting but it was neat and clean and presented an appropriately professional image.

With one more longing glance at the new brown suit, she packed her bags and proceeded down to the lobby. The meetings would be over today and she was flying back to Washington on the eight pm flight. She would only have time to grab a sandwich and rush to the airport after her meetings were finished.

Today's meetings were just as interesting, but she smiled throughout the day thinking of Dharran and how sweet he'd been to purchase a new suit for her. She knew that he hadn't actually bought it himself. But he'd arranged for someone to do it, which was still very thoughtful. Every once in a while, she would blush about the fact that he'd undressed her the previous night and pulled the blankets over her.

Because Dharran had a driver standing by, her trip to the airport was much easier than she was anticipating. The man even had a warm sandwich and chilled white wine already purchased and waiting for her in the back of the limousine.

The next shock came when she was checking in. She thought it was odd that her seat was in the single digits but didn't think anything of it until she actually boarded the plane. That's when she realized that Dharran had upgraded her ticket from economy to first class. She looked at the seat number and her ticket twice before accepting what he'd done. Self-consciously, she ducked under the overhead bins and took her seat, feeling extremely pampered in the seat that was about twice the size of what she was used to.

The other passengers were boarding the flight, slowly making their way through the aisles and tucking away their items. While she had time, she pulled her cell phone out and texted Dharran, thanking him for all the little surprises.

She didn't hear back from him before the flight took off but she certainly enjoyed the luxury of first class.

There was another driver at the Washington terminal who swiftly helped her through the airport, getting her home in record time. When she stepped into her apartment, she was overwhelmed with the scent of roses. With her key still in the door, her eyes barely able to see anything since it was the wee hours of the morning and no lights were still on, she spotted dozens of gorgeous flowers all over the tiny kitchen and den area, on every available surface, even on the floor. Her landlord must have opened the door for the deliveries, probably wondering why on earth someone would bombard her with so many flowers.

Walking into her bedroom, she dumped her bags by the closet and read the note tucked into the roses by her bed. "Think of the roses like my hand and caress your skin with the petals. I'll personally handle the task as soon as you release us, and allow me to make love to you."

Emma gasped at the imagery he built in those two sentences, her body already primed from thinking about him all day long and now, with the scent of the flowers filling her mind, she was definitely going to have trouble now.

She was exhausted, but sleep came slowly. She wasn't worried about waking up early since she'd already told everyone she'd be in to the center late today, but it was still hard to get up the following morning and start moving.

Chapter 7

The following weekend, she was tired and grouchy. She hadn't slept well and it was depressingly hot and muggy again. The heat wouldn't break until August possibly and then, only in the evenings. As she walked out of the center on Friday night, all she wanted to do was walk into her apartment, pour herself a huge glass of ice cold lemonade and not think about anything. It had been a horrible week with some of the kids getting into trouble and she wanted to just pretend like things were okay for a little while.

When she arrived back at her apartment, she found a box outside of her doorway. Knowing she hadn't ordered anything, she looked at the large box warily. It took up a good portion of her apartment's stoop but with no markings on the outside, she couldn't identify what might be inside.

There was a note on the outside in an envelope and she pulled the note out carefully, her mind instantly going to the possibility of a bomb. The words on the typed letter dispersed that thought though. The box was from Dharran and she laughed at his warped sense of humor.

I know you're not sleeping well because you haven't released us. So here's a coffee maker to help you stay awake on those mornings after you've had a tough night's sleep. See you in Dublin.

D

She was indeed having problems sleeping and it was all because of him, that horrible man! But she laughed as she picked up the heavy box and brought it into her apartment. The machine she uncovered was possibly the most beautiful espresso and cappuccino machine she'd ever seen. Thankfully the instructions were easy to read and she had her first cup of steaming, frothy cappuccino the following morning. After a horrible night when she'd wake up crying out for Dharran, the sheets tangled around her legs as she reached out for him, only to find herself alone in her bed, her body aching for him to touch her and finish making love to her, to ease the loneliness she was feeling.

Chapter 8

Emma's fingers shook as she packed; the delicate lace and silks falling from her fingers as she tried to neatly place them in the suitcase but ended up falling a few times before she could place them carefully in the designated place.

This trip was going to be different, she knew. Dharran had no idea that she'd changed her mind and was going to seduce him. She almost laughed at that thought. She estimated that seducing Dharran meant not stopping his latest attempt to seduce her. But she wasn't absolutely certain. She sensed hesitation in him when they'd met in Paris last time and it had been a scary thought to wonder if he might be tiring of her. Not that she was going through with this because she might lose him. No, that was a teenage answer to an immature coercion tactic. If Dharran had given her any kind of ultimatum, she would have left the relationship, with a heart ache of course, but she wasn't going to be bullied into having sex.

No, this decision was much more deliberate. It had been more than three months of being with him, of learning about him and laughing with him. Sure, there was always the sexual tension, that never left. But sharing a suite with him each time she traveled had shown her sides of him she'd never suspected existed. There was a tender, sensitive side to the man that really shocked and touched her. She liked that he brought her flowers, even if it was only one bloom. She liked that he was thoughtful about things she might need and Emma wished there was some way she could do that for him. He had more resources at his disposal, but that just meant he hadn't ever experienced the small things in life. She smiled as she remembered making ice cream sundaes with him in Paris. He'd been like a little boy as he'd scooped his own ice cream and slathered on the whip cream. Even the suggestion that they use the whip cream in a more "appropriate" way had made her laugh. He'd been quite serious, but when she shook her head, he accepted her no.

Her bags were packed, her ticket in hand and her decision made.

On the flight across the ocean, she worried about her decision, wondering if there was an alternative. But every time she considered something else, it only came back to the fact that she wanted to feel what she and Dharran could share with each other.

The driver was waiting as expected when she exited the international flights area and cleared customs. Smiling at the man standing with her name on a placard, she allowed him to carry her luggage through the airport to the waiting limousine.

Inside the luxurious car, she stared unseeingly at the countryside, then the city and, when the rain started to drizzle down, her eyes didn't even notice.

The driver pulled right up to one more elegant hotel, jumping out to hold her door for her while another person moved immediately to the trunk of the limousine to get her luggage. During the entire check in process, her hands shook and her body trembled with the knowledge that Dharran was probably already in whatever fabulous suite he'd booked for them this time. Only she knew that they'd only be using one of the rooms this trip.

But when the door was unlocked and she was led into the gorgeous blue and gold two bedroom suite, Dharran was not there waiting for her.

With intense nervousness, she tipped the bellboy and closed the door softly, wondering if he'd given up on her. Was he not going to show this time around? Had he taken too much sexual frustration from her to deal with one more trip? Wouldn't it be ironic that the time she'd finally decided to stop fighting this attraction between them was the time he finally gave up on them?

She checked her e-mail through her cell phone and, sure enough, there was a message from Dharran's assistant letting her know that he would be running later than expected. With a smile of anticipation, she walked into the bedroom to find her suitcase and unpacked her clothes herself, not wanting the maid service to find the clothes she'd packed this time. It was embarrassing enough to know they always saw her boring cotton underwear, but if they saw this stuff, the lacy under things that had made a significant dent in her checking account, she would blush for the next ten years. There was only one reason people brought this kind of underwear on a trip and their assumptions would be right on the money.

She pulled off her jacket and clothes, tossing them onto the bed while she quickly showered, then pulled on the lacy white and pink matching bra and underwear. She considered adding the garter belt and stockings, but since she wasn't exactly sure how to wear them, she left them off this time around. There was a matching robe she'd also purchased and she considered leaving it off, but in the end, it offered her a slight bit of additional coverage and, since she wasn't particularly brave right at the moment, pulled it on even though it barely offered her any coverage at all since it was almost completely transparent as well as the under things.

Adding a touch more powder, darkening her eyes with more smoky liner and touching up her lipstick, Emma stared at her reflection in the mirror. Yes, she thought with both excitement and a tingle of fear, he would definitely understand the message she was trying to convey with this outfit.

Fluffing her hair up a bit more, she stepped out into the gorgeous living room and waited while sipping a glass of wine which she was hoping would give her a bit of calm and courage.

Less than ten minutes later, she heard the elevator ping indicating that someone was on their way up to the suite. Since Dharran never allowed anyone else in his private living area, she knew that it would be him and her heart fluttered violently as she stood up, carefully placing the glass of wine on the table in front of her.

Sure enough, the elevator doors opened and Dharran walked in. Powerful, dynamic and amazingly exciting...and not alone!

Two of his security guards were right behind him, discussing some issue in Arabic which she couldn't understand. Emma thought frantically, wondering where she could hide, what she could do so she wouldn't be caught standing here, nearly naked with two men she didn't know seeing her in all her glory!

Dharran glanced up right at that moment and saw her. Within a fraction of a second, he noted her transparent outfit as well as her hands which were clutching the robe ineffectually in front of her.

He spun around, pushing both of his security guards out of the door, neither of them understanding the issue, but upon hearing the command, "Get out!" with absolute authority in his voice, they moved out of the area, the elevator doors quickly closing them out of Emma's view.

Dharran then turned back to the living room, his startled eyes looking across the room, taking in her alarm as well as the very alluring outfit. The tension in the room changed dramatically and Emma swallowed.

"This was a mistake," she finally got out and was about to turn around and race back to the bedroom to hide.

"Stay where you are," he growled, again with that voice that would brook no argument.

Emma stopped and turned back to him, willing her hands to move away from the neckline of her robe, wishing she could confidently stand there and allow him to look at her, but her whole plan was now in ruins. "I shouldn't have done this," she whispered and looked down at the floor, one hand moving from her robe to the back of a wing back chair to steady herself as the tears of humiliation teetered on the edge of her eye lashes.

Dharran saw the emotions and moved over to where she was standing. His hand was gentle as he wiped the tear away, then pulled her into his arms. His mouth was hot and hungry as he covered hers with his own, his tongue invading, demanding submission as his arms pulled her hands away from the chair and her robe, guiding them up his chest so they were now clinging to his shoulders.

"This could never be a mistake!" he contradicted as he pulled her against him, his hands skimming over her back, reassuring her in the only way he knew how. "Please, do this every time we meet," he groaned and lifted her up into his arms.

Emma was so grateful that he took charge, and he said all the right things to make her feel that this was good and right. With her arms around his neck, she let him carry her into his bedroom and lay her down on the covers.

He whipped off his jacket and tie, tossing them behind him carelessly as he looked at her on the bed.

She started to cover herself with her hands but he simply shook his head, telling her silently not to do it. "It's taken me too long to get to this point," he rasped out as he tore his shirt off. "I'm going to enjoy you thoroughly."

Those words, spoken without eloquence, without anything but the raw need seeping into his tone, halted her hands. The look in his eyes made her proud, amazed that he would want her so badly. It was there, plain for her to see, as he put one knee on the mattress beside her and both fists beside her head, leaning over her, his eyes taking in everything, darkening from ice blue to something warmer as he looked down at her breasts, her stomach, her thighs and the absolute core of her, none of which were hidden because of the sheerness of the lace covering her body.

With one hand he reached up and pulled the sash of her robe open, then the sides of her robe. Without moving anything other than his head, he reached down and took her nipple in his mouth, laving the tender skin with both his teeth and his tongue, creating a gasp from her as she arched into his mouth, her hands reaching up to his head, pulling him down closer to her.

When he lifted his head, she shook her own. "Don't stop," she begged, her knees bending and her body moving towards him, needing more touch.

"I don't intend to," he said, his voice husky and intimate as his mouth moved to the other breast, taking the peak into his mouth and giving it the same pleasure as the other one. His mouth moved to her neck, her ear lobe and finally settled on her mouth, his tongue demanding entrance and when she allowed it, he pulled her close, their bodies touching from shoulder to knee as he pulled her leg around his hip, settling his erection close, so close to where her heat was centered in her body.

The noises she made were moans or sighs of pleasure as his hands touched, his mouth nipped and licked, her body arched and her hands reached out for him, the only steady thing in her world right now as his hand easily discarded her bra before his hands molded her breasts, massaging them before taking them into his mouth once again, increasing the pressure.

His hand moved down her body, touching, exploring and intensifying her pleasure as he found new spots on her body that excited her. She tried to touch him but he shook his head and continued his journey downward. Since she could barely think, she didn't argue with him, especially since his fingers were trailing pathways of fire along her thighs, making her ache deep inside her body.

"Open up for me, Emma. Please," he said and his voice made her eyes open. What she saw melted her heart. Dharran was looking down at her, his forehead dappled with sweat as he tried to control his own desire to make it better for her. She looked up at him questioningly, not sure what he wanted. But when his fingers moved closer to that aching part of her, she finally understood and tried to hide the blush that started to creep up her neck to her cheeks.

"Don't hide from me, Emma. Show me who you are. Show me everything. I want to know everything about you," he said and moved on top of her, his muscular arms holding him above her while his mouth trailed kissed and teasing bites down her body, her neck, her breasts, her stomach until he reached her thighs and Emma took a deep breath and opened for him, closing her eyes and bracing herself for what he wanted to do to her.

But nothing could prepare her for that moment when his mouth covered her core. Her fingers dove into his short hair and for a long moment, she wasn't sure if she wanted him to stop or continue. But when his tongue flicked at her nub, then sucked at the same time his finger dove into her, her legs widened, giving him better access as she threw her head back with the heat that tore through her. And within moments, she was breaking apart, splintering as her orgasm exploded within her.

Dharran didn't give her time to come down from that mind-blowing experience before he moved back up her body. Taking her into his arms, he positioned himself at her entrance, waiting until her eyes opened up and he could watch her as he entered her, slowly moving into her body, inch by inch, watching her face as he stretched her to accommodate his size.

"You're so tight," he groaned and moved slightly, causing Emma to gasp and arch once again, her nails on his skin were like a tigress and he enjoyed watching as much as feeling her reaction to the culmination of so many weeks of waiting, of anticipation.

When he came to the barrier, he didn't understand it. Pushing against the restraint, he felt her cringe as the barrier was broken. And when he realized what he'd done, what he'd done to her, he wasn't sure exactly what he was feeling. Exultant was his first thought, then anger that she hadn't told him she was a virgin, and then back to the intense pleasure that no other man had ever shared this experience with her.

He stopped and was absolutely still while he watched her face, praying that the pain would subside and he could continue. When her legs pulled up and she opened her eyes, smiling at him as if she were some sort of seductress, which, in this case she was, he groaned and he couldn't have held still for another moment if both their lives depended on it.

Moving slowly, he took her with him, moving inside her and showing her exactly how amazing this could be when they shared it together, then bringing her over the crest and watching her splinter again into a million pieces, absorbing her orgasm and letting it bring him over the edge with her.

Afterwards, he pulled her into his arms and held her until their racing hearts slowed down again. Pinning her against his side, he stared up at the ceiling, trying to understand what he was feeling.

"Why didn't you tell me?" Dharran asked, his hand skimming down her shoulder as he held her against his side. "We must marry now."

Emma wasn't sure what to say...too stunned by his question and much more so by his demand. It wasn't a true proposal, just his machismo guilt rearing its ugly head over her virginity. Explaining that she was a virgin wasn't something she announced to many people. Only Claire and Darcy had known that little fact simply because both of them were also in that state. They'd discussed their dates during college and all three had admitted to not being interested in taking that step with the guys they had met so far.

Emma shrugged slightly, a shiver running down her back when his fingers touched her on a sensitive spot. "I never really had a chance."

He wouldn't accept that excuse. "There were many opportunities when you could have mentioned something like that. And you haven't answered my question."

She pushed herself up and looked down at him. "First of all, there wasn't any question. And secondly, are you angry with me about this?"

His fingers delved into her hair as he shook his head. "I'm not angry. I'm honored. But you should have told me."

"Why?"

"Because I would have done things differently."

She grinned and put her chin on his chest. "I don't think the way we did things was too bad actually." Then, experimentally, she blew on his nipple, amazed that he had the same reaction to that sensitive area that she had. Curious, she pulled herself up higher and experimented again, this time touching her tongue to his nipple.

His reaction this time was much more dramatic. Instead of simply taking the teasing, Emma found herself flat on her back, his knee between her knees and her hands pinned above her head. "Want to play?" he asked and she felt his body's reaction on her leg.

She smiled up at him and wiggled. "I think I do," she replied. "What would you have done differently if you'd known about my virginity?" she asked.

"It would have been slower."

"What if I don't like it slow?" she teased.

He grinned back at her and shook his head. "I think you'll take it any way I want to give it to you," he countered, and proceeded to do just that, much to Emma's delight. Later, much later, she got to have her own way with him, but only for a short period of time before he took over again. She loved the way he mastered her body and made her hum with anticipation. But at some point, she was going to have to figure out how to get equal time with her own symphony, she promised herself moments before she fell asleep, too exhausted to stay awake any longer.

Chapter 9

The tears were flowing unchecked now. Staring at her body in the mirror, she placed her hands on her slightly rounded stomach under the overly large sweater.

"This is wrong, Emma and you know it." Claire touched Emma's shoulder to emphasis her point. "I know you aren't speaking with him since he's been such a crazy bear lately, but you've been awfully sad lately as well. I think both of you need each other more than either of you realize."

Emma sighed and closed her eyes, turning away from the mirror. "I know."

The elevator opened and the crowded hotel lobby was bustling with people busy going to various places. Emma and Claire walked slowly, making their way to the restaurant where they could see Darcy was already seated.

As soon as Darcy saw the two of them, she jumped up and hugged both of them. Darcy smiled and touched Emma's stomach. "You're absolutely glowing, Em. I know you're in a pickle, but I'm really happy for you. And I know that, deep down, you're excited about this pregnancy."

"If you say so," she said, sighing as she slid into the worn leather booth. Because Emma was so sad, and they both had an agenda which had been worked out prior to this meeting, Claire and Darcy took the opposite side, both of them opening up their menus.

Darcy noticed that Emma wasn't looking at the menu herself and frowned. "You're going to eat, right?"

Emma took a deep breath and nodded. "I'll just have a salad or some fruit. I'm really not very hungry." She shifted on her seat, trying hard to get comfortable. "What are you guys going to eat?"

The waitress arrived and Claire slapped her menu closed. "Three cheeseburgers, three strawberry shakes and extra fries as soon as you can get them here," she said, adding a smile and a nod towards Emma's blatantly sad features.

Emma almost burst into tears but managed to hold back until the waitress arrived. "I really don't think I can eat all that," she said.

Claire and Darcy exchanged a glance with each other then Claire sat up a bit straighter in her chair. "When are you going to call him?" she asked.

Emma fiddled with the paper napkin holding her utensils in. She struggled to keep from crying, tired of being a leaking faucet. "He'll marry me, you know."

"We know. And we also know that you're in love with him."

"Yes. Very much so."

Darcy hesitated, waiting for Emma to finish. But when no other explanation was forthcoming, she leaned forward, prompting, "And what's the problem?"

Emma's hand stilled. "He proposed to me about six weeks into our relationship. We weren't even sleeping together but he said we should marry."

Claire grimaced instantly, her woman's intuition telling her what Emma had yet to share. "I'm guessing it wasn't a proposal on one knee with roses and romance?"

Emma laughed but it came out more like a groan. "Not really. If I remember it correctly, he said I would be a good wife for his position. Because of my background and the work I've done with the inner city kids, he basically said I'd be easy to promote as his wife."

Darcy chuckled. "Okay, so that's not the most romantic way to ask a woman to marry her."

Claire shook her head. "If I'm hearing correctly, he didn't really ask, did he?"

The fries arrived and they all took a moment to unwrap their napkins and pour out a large dollop of ketchup.

"So what did you say when he proposed like that?"

Emma plopped her uneaten French fry onto her plate and looked out the window. "I told him I didn't want to be window dressing or something like that. Or maybe I simply walked out of the hotel room. I can't remember my exact words or reaction. I was a bit upset about it is all I remember."

"And he didn't bring it up again?" Claire asked. "I'm guessing once burned, twice shy?"

Emma laughed. "Dharran would never be shy." She shuddered at the memory, but knew it would be better to get it out. "No, he asked me again. After the first time we'd made love, when he realized that I was no longer a virgin, he said I had to marry him now that we'd had sex."

Darcy and Claire looked at each other. "He's really missed it, hasn't he?"

Emma shrugged. "Maybe he wasn't trying to aim too close to the bull's eye."

"Nonsense," Darcy said, biting into the hot, crispy fry and shaking her head. "It sounds to me like he was aiming, just missing miserably. Did you tell him why you rejected his previous proposals?"

"Not in so many words. The first time he brought up marriage, I was too hurt to reply so I just changed the subject as quickly as I could. The second time, I couldn't even respond. I distracted him so he wouldn't give me another horrible proposal or command." Emma blushed as she told them that, feeling embarrassment at revealing something so intimate.

Claire and Darcy, bless their souls, didn't even blink but continued on. "You have to tell him, even though he really stinks at proposing," Darcy decreed.

Claire agreed but put the screws in even more tightly. "How would you feel if the situation were reversed?"

Emma smiled, "I'd be running away as fast as I could if I discovered Dharran was pregnant," she said with the first sign of humor in a long time.

Darcy laughed but shook her head. "You know what I mean. It isn't fair to keep that knowledge from him."

Emma sighed. "I know. It's complicated though."

"So uncomplicated it. You call him up, tell him you need to speak with him. When he arrives on your doorstep, you give him the wonderful news, he whisks you off to his fabulous palace, both of you get married and live happily ever after. But the best part is that he moves his palace here so we won't have to miss our get togethers!"

Emma wished it were that simple. "Except that those three little words are dependent on so many other things." She put her head in her hands and slouched over her cheeseburger. "Why did I have to fall in love with a powerful man? Why couldn't he have been the guy next door? Someone I could just bash on the head and tell him he can't marry me for stupid reasons but only because he fell in love with me."

"Why can't you say that to Dharran?"

Emma grimaced. "First of all, he's too tall and I'd have trouble reaching him. Secondly, he's fast enough that he'd duck and what's the satisfaction there?" she asked comically. "Thirdly, he's like the leader of OPEC or at least sitting on the board or whatever with all his trillions of gallons of oil."

"You lost us there. What does that have to do with anything?"

She sank lower on her side of the booth. "Because he needs an heir and this could be that person. You know how men are about weird things like that. Add in that he's a monarch and I've got a real issue on my hands."

Darcy put down her burger and shook her head. "As far as I can see, the only issue you have is not telling the man that you love that you're pregnant with a child that was created out of that love." She shook her head. "Emma, this is exciting and wonderful news! A baby is a gift from God and here you are sitting in front of that delicious burger like it's the end of the world as we know it."

She laughed. "I know," Emma replied, placing a hand over her slightly swollen stomach. "It is pretty amazing." She smiled fondly.

"That's the spirit," Claire said. "Now take out your phone and tell him you need to talk to him."

Emma sat up a bit and took a fry, dipping it in the ketchup, then shaking her head and pushing the plate away. "I'll call him after lunch."

"Call him now," both women said simultaneously, then laughed at how their mind thought alike.

Emma was startled by the vehemence in their voice. "All right!" she said, throwing up her hands. She dug her phone out of her purse and pressed the speed dial. It rang only three times before someone answered the phone. "Hello, this is Emma. Is Dharran available for a moment?"

She waited for almost five minutes before the person returned, only to be told that he was in meetings but asked if she would leave a message.

Emma thought about it, but in the end, she asked if he would just return her call.

With that over, Emma changed the subject while nibbling at her fries, unable to eat the burger because of her suddenly finicky stomach.

The three of them ate a leisurely lunch while chatting about various subjects, politics definitely being one of them because of their proximity to the capitol. Darcy groaned about the evening she'd spent partying at the night clubs the previous two nights. Emma and Claire both sympathized with her until they both asked, "How much did you make?"

Darcy smiled excitedly as she relayed the amount, which would keep her animal rescue shelter supplied in food for the next several months, which meant she didn't have to hit the nightclubs for a while. Being beautiful and famous as a party girl had some benefits, they all knew, one of them being paid by nightclubs to get the club's name mentioned in the tabloids for free publicity. The down side was that Darcy had a genuine feud going with her father about what Darcy should be doing with her life, namely, marrying and being the perfect mafia wife. Darcy had other plans, which had nothing to do with catering to "daddy's" wishes.

Darcy was happy enough when she was with her animal friends but Claire and Emma had discussed concern over her lifestyle. It seemed a bit extreme, even if both of them knew that it was extreme in the opposite way most people thought.

Claire told them about a new computer program she was working on that would let her read the newspaper before it came out on the internet. Both Emma and Darcy knew that Claire's talents were wasted in her present position with a computer programming firm.

"How's that new guy you mentioned last week? Burt or something?" Emma asked.

Claire's excitement increased tenfold. "He's absolutely wonderful! No roving hands, very considerate, always polite! He walked me to my door last night and kissed m on the hand instead of mauling me on my doorstep and assuming he'd be getting into my bed. What a find!" she gushed.

The three of them hugged each other goodbye and Emma hopped onto the bus to get back to the center. She hadn't seen her old car in weeks and her new one had been stolen a day after Dharran had exchanged it, as Emma knew it would be. Dharran had tried to get her to choose another one but she absolutely refused, stating that public transportation was good for the environment anyway.

She kept her cell phone close by for the rest of the afternoon, waiting for Dharran to return her call. She knew it was odd to call him but when she unlocked her door that night to her apartment and he still hadn't called, she tossed her cell phone into a drawer, determine to not hover over it any longer. She'd call him in the morning and, if he didn't respond this time, she wasn't trying again. It would be his fault if his messengers were too inefficient to convey her requests, not hers.

The apartment seemed abnormally quiet that night, but it could just be her own exhaustion, she thought as she took a quick shower to cool down and change into a pair of stretchy yoga pants and a tee shirt, not yet needing maternity clothes but her jeans were becoming a bit uncomfortable in the waistline already. As she curled up on her well worn sofa, she flipped through the recipe book she'd gotten at the library the previous weekend, intending to cook something healthy to eat for the baby's sake. But five minutes into the flipping, she couldn't hold her head up any longer. With a great deal of sadness that she hadn't heard from Dharran, and the baby starting to make her or his presence known by sapping all of her energy, Emma laid her head down on a fluffy, decorative pillow, wanting just a few moments of sleep before she got up and ate something.

The banging on the door terrified her and she sat up, wondering what time it was. There were no lights on in her apartment and the sun had long since faded behind the horizon. Pushing her dark curls out of her eyes, she sat up and looked around, wondering if she'd simply imagined the knocking at her door, or maybe it had been someone knocking at an apartment further down the hallway.

But the banging came once again, this time more insistent. Looking around, she glanced at the clock, noting that it was almost three o'clock in the morning. She was surprised to realize that she'd been asleep for almost nine hours but the banging came again before she could figure out where the evening had gone.

"Emma, open this door or I'll break it down," Dharran's voice came through the door.

She released the air that had been clogging up her lungs with fear that a stranger was trying to break in, she stood up and walked quickly to the door, releasing the chains and dead bolts as fast as she could. When all the locks had been released, the door swung open as Dharran pushed his way into her apartment.

"You're here?" she said with a squeaky voice, stepping back into the tiny apartment. His height and breadth intimidated her, even though she thought she was used to him. Obviously she wasn't. The first sight of him after so many weeks and her body started quivering in both fear and something much, much more basic.

"Of course I'm here. I told you to call me when you were ready to continue this relationship in a more formal manner."

Emma swallowed painfully. She'd actually forgotten that conversation in her current predicament.

He eyed her features, noting the fear that entered her eyes. "You are ready to marry me, are you not?" he demanded, moving closer, looking down into her eyes. "I will not ask again, Emma. You belong to me and it's time we finished this silliness."

She took a deep breath and moved around him, grateful that he'd given her the space. "Dharran, we really need to talk."

"We shall talk on the flight. A press release is already being drafted and will only require my approval once it is finished. We must be on our way, for I'm on a very tight schedule."

Emma shivered. "Wait! This is all moving too fast! I need..."

"You need me," he grated out, his hand capturing hers and bringing to his chest. "I need you. And I don't have the time to worry about trivialities."

She tried to pull her hand away but he kept it there, even pulling her closer. "Am I a triviality to you Dharran?"

"Would I be here if you were?"

She thought about it for a moment. "I might be."

"How can you say that?"

Emma realized that she needed to be completely honest with him, for the sake of their future and the child they'd created. Taking a deep breath, she let it all out in a rush, hoping desperately that he would understand why she'd held back so much over the past several months. "Because you haven't given me any indication that I might be more than a politically beneficial asset to your life."

His eyes sharpened and he stepped even closer, his body pressing her against his own and the wall behind her. "Is that what you think?" he demanded.

Her body was trembling and she almost closed her eyes, but she couldn't do that, it would cause her to lose focus and only feel instead of thinking and working through this with him. She'd done that before and the results had been....not disastrous. She couldn't say that about the child she was carrying. Difficult, she thought. Yes, that was the best term to use for the situation they were now in.

"Dharran..." she started to say, but then his hand moved against her side and her breath caught in her throat.

"I'm right here," he said, his voice husky and his body already reacting to being close to her. "Tell me what you want."

To encourage her in the right direction, his mouth came down and nuzzled her neck.

"I want..." she started to say but was distracted when his teeth gently bit the side of her neck.

"Tell me," he coached, his hand moving higher, his thumb rubbing against her already taught nipple.

Emma's hands moved from his chest to his shoulders, gripping the muscles underneath his jacket. Frustrated with the thick material, she slid her hands underneath the fabric, ecstatic when she felt the muscles flex under her fingers. She loved knowing she wasn't the only one that was affected when they touched.

"You," she groaned, finally finishing her thought. A part of her mind realized that the one word wasn't the ending to the sentence she'd originally been intending to say but when his arms pulled her up against him, she couldn't argue any longer. Her body crushed against him, thrilled when he lifted her into his arms and carried her into her bedroom.

When he laid her down on her bed, she couldn't talk any longer. She took him into his arms, reveling in the amazing glory she always felt when he touched her. Screaming out his name when he kissed her in the ways only he had ever done.

Several hours later as he stretched out beside her, pulling her close as his hand moved against her naked, satisfied body, Dharran said, "I think you have the smallest bed known to humanity."

His body was pressed against her back, one arm acting as her pillow while the other hand was trailing against her but her only reaction was amusement.

Emma laughed and wiggled as his hand reached a sensitive part of her leg. "Don't you just think you're a bit bigger than normal."

"No. You're bed is small."

Emma lifted her head and looked at her bed. The sheets and quilt were tangled at the bottom but what really caught her attention was that his feet and calves were hanging off the end. She giggled at the sight, which earned her a smack on the bottom, which was immediately soothed with the palm of his hand.

She settled her head back against his arm, feeling drowsy and content, until his hand moved from her leg around to her stomach.

"You've gained a bit of much needed weight." His hand covered her stomach, slightly rounded with the child he still didn't know about. "I like it. It makes you look incredibly sexy," he said, his mouth nibbling her shoulder.

She held her breath, the time of reckoning now upon her and she was terrified once again. "Wasn't I always sexy?" she asked, procrastinating just a bit longer.

His hand moved higher, cupping her breast and Emma couldn't help it when her body arched against him. "I think you know the answer to that," he chuckled, two fingers gently pressing her nipple, increasing the pressure slightly and making her cry out.

From experience, Emma knew where this was going and she quickly covered his hand with her own, stopping the pressure, refusing to give way to the desire that was already starting to cloud her thoughts once again. "We need to talk," she said and sat up, sliding as far away from him as she could in the small bed, which wasn't very far. Grabbing the sheet, she pulled it up to cover her nakedness, feeling vulnerable all of a sudden.

Dharran sighed and rolled over. "I thought we were talking." He started to pull the sheet down, not wanting to stop his exploration of her body.

She gripped the sheet, refusing to let go and shaking her head. "No, we need to talk seriously."

Dharran looked at her face and noted the tension. Reacting to that silent message, he stopped and turned to face her more completely, propping himself up against her headboard with her pillows. "Okay, talk."

Emma looked at him, saw the closed expression and wished she knew what he was thinking. But this man was too adept at hiding his emotions, his thoughts. He'd been taught from childhood that letting anyone know, and therefore anticipate, his thoughts, would be dangerous.

Not able to talk to him about this when he was this close, she slipped out of bed and grabbed her robe which was still draped over the chair where she'd left it this morning. "Do you remember when I got sick last month?"

"Yes," he said and sat up slightly in the bed, watching her like a tiger would stalk his next meal, the intensity incredible.

"Well, actually, I had to go on antibiotics," she explained, turning her back on him, talking while she tied her robe and pulled her hair out from underneath. Her hands were fiddling in her nervousness but she couldn't stop them. "Antibiotics and birth control don't work well together. In fact, one stops the other from becoming one hundred percent effective," she went on to explain.

There was silence behind her and she took a deep breath, but in the next moment, she heard the movement and the blur of his body as he shot out of the bed, still completely naked and unashamed of it. His hands grabbed her arm, spinning her around, he whipped open the robe she'd just tied a moment before, his eyes looking at her body.

Before Emma could protest, his hands smoothed over her body but this wasn't sexual. He moved his palm against her stomach, then both hands cupped her breasts, making her gasp with both pleasure as well as fright as his eyes looked into hers. Immediately, she knew that he'd guessed what she was about to say.

"You're pregnant," he said fiercely, his eyes on fire as he took in her newly lush figure.

Emma's hands had been holding his wrists, intending to push his hands away but his words stopped her. There was nothing else to say but admit the truth. "Yes."

A muscle flexed in his jaw and he re-tied the robe. "How long have you known?"

She leaned against the dresser, feeling both relieved that he now knew, but also drained, exhausted. "I suspected last week but it was confirmed a few days ago."

Dharran spun around and pulled on his boxers and pants, dressing quickly. "Get dressed," he commanded, completely in "Sheik Mode" now. "We must leave immediately.

"Leave?" she asked, completely bewildered at his reaction. Wasn't he happy? Surprised? Anything? This businesslike attitude definitely wasn't what she'd been expecting. "Where are we going?"

He didn't answer her. Instead, he found his jacket in the small den and searched through one of the pockets, pulling out a cell phone. He dialed a number and spoke rapidly in Arabic to someone who had answered almost immediately.

In just his slacks, unbuckled at the waist, he looked extraordinary. Even though he was in "Sheik Mode", he still tempted her like no other man had ever done. Not even close. He could have been a male model with his chiseled stomach and arms bulging with muscles. There wasn't a lot of hair, but just enough to tempt a woman to run her fingers across his chest. She'd done that often enough, reveling in the amazing feel of his skin and muscles.

She loved this man. With her whole heart. Even in this kind of mood, she loved him knowing that he had switched off his emotions to get things accomplished. He still scared her, but more because of what he made her feel rather than what he might do to her. He'd never hurt her, at least not intentionally. And definitely not physically. She knew with every fiber of her being that he would protect her from physical harm. But he couldn't protect her heart. Since she'd been doing that for so many years, she knew that was what scared her about him the most. He could break her heart.

"Emma, get dressed," he urged with a hiss, snapping off the phone and moving through the apartment to collect his clothes, shaking his head as he found his shirt behind a chair and his tie draped over the lamp. Since it was right next to her bra, she had no doubt how it had gotten there.

As she watched him, acknowledging the point where her fears clouded her thinking, she faced him calmly for the first time. "Not until you explain where we're going and why this is so urgent." She crossed her arms over her chest and stared at him, letting him know that she was serious.

Dharran came to stand close to her, towering over her smaller height but she continued to stand firm, her eyes calm and serious, not letting him get to her as he normally did. She had to, otherwise, he would run right over her and she'd be crushed.

"We're going to my home. The announcement of our marriage must be made so the legitimacy of my son won't be questioned."

Although his words made her heart flutter and her stomach tighten with terror, she remained outwardly calm. "First of all, it's going to be a girl. Secondly, I haven't agreed to marry you so there won't be any announcement."

He was pulling on his shirt when she spoke but her words spun him around in anger. "What the hell do you mean? We must marry. This is no longer a choice, this is political."

She refused to let him know how much his words hurt her. Squaring her shoulders, she faced him with as much confidence as she could dredge up while standing in a bath robe in the early hours of the morning. "This is not political to me. And if you want me to marry you, then you'd better turn it around and make it something more than political for you."

They stood there, her arms crossed over her chest, his fists on his hips, both of them glaring at the other. "You're being ridiculous Emma."

She mimicked his posture and leaned forward. "No, I'm not being ridiculous. You're being stupid!" she almost shouted back at him.

Dharran couldn't believe his ears. This tiny little woman had no idea what the ramifications of her announcement created but here she stood, throwing words at him that made absolutely no sense. He took a deep breath, trying to calm down and understand what he could do to make her grasp the issues here, but that deep breath only brought her scent into his nostrils, flaring his senses and filling him up with the essence of her femininity. Instantly, he was hard and aching to possess her soft body once again, to hear her cry out his name as she found satisfaction in his arms, clinging to him and making him feel more powerful than he'd ever thought possible, just because she was wrapped around him.

She drove him crazy on so many levels but this wasn't the time to allow emotions to get in the way. His enemies could hurt her, could hurt the baby. Until he claimed her as his wife, got her under the protection of the palace, she was in danger.

Trying to figure out how to get her out of the apartment as expediently as possible, he looked around, his hands mussing his hair as he considered the possibilities. Turning to face her, he demanded, "Have you been to see a doctor yet?"

She looked taken aback. "Of course not. I only realized..."

"Then we need to get you to a doctor. There are vitamins and tests that need to be run. There will be a doctor waiting to examine you when we touchdown in Sadubai."

This definitely threw her off. She didn't want to jeopardize her baby, but this seemed like a rush. Something was going on that he wasn't telling her. "I can see a doctor here."

"Not a specialist and not the best in the field," he stated emphatically.

"Well, no..." she was sure her health insurance was good, but since she felt fine, not even having any morning sickness yet, she didn't know why a specialist was warranted. Then something occurred to her, "Are you saying there are genetic problems in your past that might be a problem for her?"

Dharran looked surprised. "What?" He thought about her question for a moment, then shook his head. "No. No problems, I was told I was perfectly healthy as a baby as were both of my sisters. And none of them have had any problems either."

"Thank goodness!" Emma said, weak with relief. It wouldn't have mattered either way, she still would have loved this tiny little creature no matter what, but she didn't want anything to be harmful to her baby, evening loving it for only the few days she'd known about it.

"That's immaterial," he replied, desperate to get her protected. She just wouldn't move! "Emma, please, just get dressed and we'll be on our way."

She sat down on the bed, her knees no longer strong enough to hold her upright. "Just hold on," she said. "I don't understand..." she was no longer able to speak as he had finished arguing with her. Instead of trying to convince her of the urgency of getting to the palace, he simply picked her up and carried her out the door. "Grab your purse or leave without it," he growled as he swept through her living room.

Emma was too flustered to argue. With one hand, she held her robe closed and with the other, she grabbed her purse and the keys that were sitting next to it.

"Do you have your passport in your purse?" he demanded.

"Yes, but..."

"Fine, that just makes this quicker," he interrupted her.

Emma's head spun as he whisked her out of the apartment and carried her through the silent, dark parking lot to a waiting limousine. The normal two SUVs were in front of and behind the long vehicle. Within moments of Dharran depositing her on the seat, the car was moving. She wasn't sure since the limousine's suspension was so superior to the cars she normally rode in, but it felt like they were moving exceptionally fast, almost speeding through the nearly empty streets and highways. The whole time, Dharran was on the phone, one call after another speaking in languages she couldn't even name at times. The discussions were urgent, succinct and it sounded like he wasn't asking questions but simply giving orders.

The limousine pulled up to a waiting airplane, not a private jet but a full sized airplane with the stairs already positioned by the door. Dharran got out first, then waited for her to step out. Since he hadn't grabbed any clothes, much less shoes, she felt very awkward stepping onto the tarmac in bare feet. But as soon as her foot stepped out, she was lifted into his arms, swiftly carried up the stairs. The body guards were also moving more quickly than usual, she noticed, several of them actually racing to jump out of the SUVs and get onto the plane. As soon as Dharran was boarded, the engines revved up and within seconds, the stairs were rolled away, the airplane door swung and locked into place and Emma was strapped in next to Dharran.

She had barely latched the seat belt before the plane was taxing down the runway and liftoff was only moments later. How the pilot had gained permission for takeoff so quickly was beyond her, but she sat back as the others quickly found a seat and strapped in as well. The plane was airborne before everyone was actually strapped in.

By the time she was able to breathe and look around, Dharran was back on the phone with more orders snapped off. Emma tried to patiently wait for him to end his calls, concerned about the urgency that had taken over him in the past thirty minutes, but since it was about five o'clock in the morning and she still hadn't slept, she was exhausted from both his lovemaking, and the stress of the day. As she waited for Dharran, her eyes slowly started to close. She fell asleep on his shoulder, curling her legs underneath her and sighing softly as exhaustion took control.

Dharran switched off his cell phone and looked at the woman sleeping at his side. She was curled up on the leather seat, using his shoulder as a pillow, unknowing that she could lower the seat completely and stretch out, or move to the bedroom in the back of the plane. He'd been so concerned about getting her to safety and ensuring that the palace was prepared for her arrival, he hadn't even thought about her comfort.

The dark circles under her eyes attested to the stress she'd been under lately and he felt guilty for that. He had been so adamant that she bow to his demands, that he'd left her alone, determined to have her bend to his will and marry him.

His stomach clenched at the thought of those long nights in the past few weeks without her. Over the past several months, there had been weeks without her, but he'd always known when he would see her again which had eased the ache of being without her. But the past few weeks, while he was waiting for her to come to her senses and marry him had been the worst of his life. He'd vacillated between anger over her stubbornness and a raging need to have her come to him of her own free will. He knew that, once she came to him that way, she'd be his forever.

Her pregnancy had changed that. He could no longer wait for her to come to him, the dangers where too high, too present. They would have to marry now, and although that would mean that he'd have her by his side forever now, he'd never know if it was him she truly wanted, or if he was just a convenience because of an unwanted and unanticipated pregnancy.

Dharran hated this uncertainty. He hated the way she made him feel, as if she controlled his feelings and the smallest smile from him could make him feel as if he was on top of the world. While a frown could dump him into anger that someone was hurting her, even if it was himself. He had too many responsibilities to let someone else control him like that. He had to get control of this situation and regain control of his feelings.

Damn her, he thought as he gently lifted her into his arms and carried her to the bedroom reserved for his exclusive use. Tucking her under the covers, he watched as she turned to her side. It angered him that she rolled over and reached for him, but when she was awake, she rejected his marriage proposals, demanding something of him he couldn't understand.

He watched her sleep as he undressed, then slid into the large bed next to her, grateful for the leg room that allowed him to stretch out fully and not have his legs dangling off the end like he'd endured in her small bed at her apartment earlier in the day.

He only had time to pull her into his arms before sleep overtook him as well. The day had been challenging after receiving her call. He'd canceled meetings and thrown his entire staff into a frenzy of preparation when he'd left so abruptly, thinking her call had meant something it hadn't. His hand settled on her stomach, subconsciously protecting his unborn child as they traveled across the ocean.

Emma woke in a strange bed, with luxurious sheets that felt like satin covering her. She looked around, assuming initially that she was in another fabulous hotel with Dharran, but then her memory returned and her eyes widened as she took in the bright sunshine streaming in from the airplane windows.

The movement of the plane shifted slightly, causing her stomach to roil uncomfortably. She lay back down, but that didn't seem to help very much. Sitting up once again, she looked around and saw the lovely lavender suit laid against a plush cream covered chair, obviously something for her to wear besides the robe she'd had on when she was carried out of her apartment so quickly the previous night. She pulled the robe back on, which had been dumped on the floor beside her. Emma had no idea if she'd taken it off or if Dharran had done so.

Pushing her hair back from her face, she stood up, gently gaining her footing before moving across the thick carpeting. Testing the doors, she found a lovely bathroom with dark wood paneling and a shower stall. Gratefully, she shed the robe and stepped into the warm water, showering quickly since she wasn't sure how much water a plane could efficiently carry on a transoceanic flight. She'd read something about the air inside a plane being very dry so that the plane was lighter so it made sense that a shower would have a limited amount of water available.

She dressed in lacy underwear and delighted in the makeup she found in a metallic paper bag beside the suit. Once dressed with makeup on and her hair brushed, she felt much more confident.

Stepping out of the bedroom, she found the main area of the plane to be bustling with activity. There were three people sitting at desks with laptops and very complicated monitors, further down there was a long, immaculately polished conference table that was currently empty. And even farther down the plane, she found Dharran who was sitting at a linen covered table with a full breakfast on a side table. The smells of the food was wonderful and Emma realized that she hadn't eaten since lunch the day before.

Dharran looked up as she entered, his cup of coffee suspended halfway to his mouth as he took in her appearance. She couldn't interpret the light that lit up his eyes as they traveled from the top of her head to her lavender shod feet, but she suspected that he liked what he saw.

He stood up and pulled out a chair for her. "You look lovely," he said.

Emma laughed softly as she took the offered seat. "You're just happy that I'm finally accepting one of the suits you bought for me."

He returned her laughter, agreeing with her. "It's strange that I basically had to kidnap you naked in order to get you to wear the clothes I bought you. And since we didn't have time to pack your clothes last night, you'll have to accept more clothes from me."

Emma rolled her eyes. "Does it make me sort of a possession?" she asked, feeling awkward.

"It makes you beautiful," he countered.

"Does wearing the clothes you buy for me make me more attractive to you?"

His eyes lit up as he replied, "I can safely say that I prefer you completely naked."

He laughed as she blushed, the color almost clashing with the lavender of her silk suit.

"Coffee?" he offered as a change of subject.

She shook her head, grateful for the change. "No. Not anymore."

"Don't say anything until we've landed," he cautioned softly. When the flight attendant appeared at their table, he requested herbal tea instead of coffee, not offering any explanation. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

"Famished," she replied. "Can I help myself or is there a protocol for getting served?"

He shook his head and waved his hand in the direction of the buffet. "Help yourself."

"Well, one never knows with your kind," she countered to his amusement.

"My kind?" he asked as she stood and peeked under the silver covers of the chafing dishes.

"Royal kind," she offered, taking a china plate and placing a poached egg and fresh fruit on top.

He waited until she was seated again before he said, "You're going to be the 'royal kind' as soon as we land, my dear."

"I know," she replied, pushing the untouched fruit around on her plate instead of taking a bite.

There was a long moment of silence before he said, "Does that bother you so much?"

Emma sighed. "I just wish..." she started to say, but then stopped. Her words would be too revealing and she didn't want to put herself out there for rejection. She was emotionally involved, but he was only sexually involved, and now politically. She'd known the possible consequences although she couldn't think of this baby as a consequence any longer. It was a gift that would help her through this marriage. And she'd make the best of it. "It is what it is," she said instead.

Dharran watched her, wishing she would say something else, explain what she'd originally wanted to say. Whatever it was, he knew it had been significant. But from past experience with this woman, he knew there was nothing he could say that would get her to spell it out for him until she was ready.

With a sigh of frustration, he set his coffee cup down and stood up. "I have work to do. We land in two hours." With that announcement, he was gone, back to the conference table where several of his aides approached him, handing him reports and files that Dharran quickly reviewed.

Emma smiled gratefully to the attendant who set a cup of hot water beside her along with a beautiful wooden box filled with various flavored herbal teas. She selected one, uncaring at this point what it was and set it to steeping. Forcing herself to eat the fruit for the baby's sake, she sat at the table feeling as if her world had just shattered.

Exactly two hours later, the plane touched down. The flurry of activity that occurred when the doors to the plane opened once again was mind boggling. Emma was not just escorted to the waiting transportation, she was almost carried in the rush to get her from the plane to the vehicles. There weren't any limousines this time, there were five identical SUVs. She knew that some dignitaries traveled in this manner so that anyone attacking the convoy wouldn't know which to attack. The fact that Emma was now being treated to this kind of security was not comforting.

When she turned to Dharran to ask him about the procedures, he quickly shook his head, indicating that she should wait to ask him anything until later. She obeyed, simply because she wasn't sure what was happening.

The palace emerged out of the desert just like the last time, the city's beauty taking her breath away. The car didn't arrive in front of the palace as it had on her prior visit, but instead was brought through the gates and drove to an underground, vaulted garage.

They drove through several check points, after each one, a metal door clanged shut behind them. After about five check points, they slowed and drove to a large parking area filled with various kinds of vehicles. There were so many of them ranging from limousines, to carriages to fast looking luxury cars she couldn't even identify. Among them were even regular looking vehicles like a Ford and a Honda Accord. Odd, but she didn't have time to ask about them. As soon as they stopped, Dharran stepped out of the SUV, offering her a hand to help her out, then quickly ushered her into an elevator surrounded by armed guards.

They didn't stop until the two of them were standing in Dharran's office. He quickly waved away his directors and secretaries as they approached indicating he could not be disturbed, then turned to face her. "I know you have many questions, so go ahead."

She walked around, trying to sort through her thoughts. Glancing back at Dharran, she thought he looked like the epitome of a king, leaning against his desk, his jacket and tie off, the top button of his immaculately tailored shirt opened at the neck. Even the casual attire couldn't detract from the authority emanating from him, his posture one of absolute confidence.

What she wanted to ask were questions like, "Could you ever learn to love me?" Or maybe even "Is there any emotion I engender within you besides arousal?". But instead, she asked the simple question, evading the emotionally charged questions that could result in painfully devastating answers. "What's going on? Why the secrecy and why the crazy transportation from the airport to here?"

With a sigh, he nodded his head and considered his words carefully. Emma realized that he was still going to sugar coat his answers so she stopped him before he could start. "Don't give me a pretty version of it, Dharran. Give me the truth and let me know what's going on."

He considered her features for a long moment, then nodded once again. "My enemies will try and kill you now that you're pregnant with the future king. You're in danger until the child is born."

Emma was still for so long, he was concerned she might pass out. When she finally spoke, her voice was small and weak. "Will they try and hurt her after she's born?"

Dharran shrugged. "There's always the possibility. You're safer after we're married because you'll be my wife. The opposition is less likely to harm you if you're my wife versus just my lover."

"And the baby? How do we keep her safe?"

He pushed away from the desk and walked over to stand in front of her. "We take the precautions all rulers take. He," he emphasized the male pronoun, "will have his own security detail at all times, as will you. They will be carefully chosen among the best and most loyal in the country."

She considered his words, then nodded, accepting that there was nothing more that anyone could do. Even regular kids faced challenges so a security detail would circumvent some worries. "I suppose we'll just take things one day at a time."

She was about to walk away but he held her, his large hands on her waist. She looked back up at him, wondering what else there might be to say.

"Do you..." he started, then stopped, the silence awkward and he shook his head and let his hands drop from her waist. "The doctor is waiting, and we have a press conference this afternoon. A press release will be issued as soon as the doctor has examined you but news of the baby won't be public knowledge until after we're married so there's no chance of anyone questioning the legitimacy of the baby."

Emma swallowed, hearing all of this and absorbing it. Coming from a different world, she'd never had to worry about press releases or someone wondering if her child was genuinely the offspring of her husband. Or security guards, metal doors and palace protocol for that matter.

Dharran took her hand and led her through another doorway, this one leading to a long hallway. At the end, there was his suite of rooms, which she remembered so well, and all the passion they'd shared here so long ago. It was like another period in history, she thought with nostalgia.

He continued on, leading her to a clinic type area, but with more equipment than a normal doctor's office. A very kind gentleman was waiting for them and bowed when Dharran entered the room. Dharran explained that Dr. Borshneff was the leading obstetrician and would be traveling here each month for the duration of her pregnancy. Once she came closer to her due date, he would move into the palace to deliver the baby.

Emma was embarrassed that such an expert would be taken out of his normal practice just for her, but she went behind the curtain and changed into the robe for the examination.

A nurse took a blood sample, ran several tests and after what seemed like a long time, he explained that they were going to listen to the baby's heartbeat. With what seemed like a magic wand, a very rapid heartbeat came through the microphone. "Is it too fast?" she asked, immediately worried that it didn't sound like a regular human heart beat.

The doctor smiled and shook his head. "The baby seems perfectly healthy. The heart rate is perfectly normal. Usually this early in the pregnancy, we can't even hear a heart rate so you're very lucky."

She looked over her shoulder, searching for Dharran's strong reassurance. But what she found was much more profound. Instead of his stern expression which he usually wore when anyone else was present, the stunned look on his face as he listened to his daughter's heart rate was precious to Emma. She'd never seen such a look of absolute love and astonishment on a man's face, especially one as strong and emotionally controlled as Dharran.

The doctor pushed back and Emma re-dressed, eager to speak with Dharran.

But when she left, he was nowhere to be found. A soft spoken woman in her mid-forties stepped forward to introduce herself. "I'm Astasia and, if it pleases you, I would be honored to be your personal assistant."

Emma took the offered hand, not exactly sure what to say. "That would be lovely," was all she could think of at the moment. "Do you know where Dharran went?"

Astasia bowed slightly. "His Highness had some business to attend to but promised that he would meet you for dinner tonight."

Emma sighed with disappointment. "I guess that's good. What's next?" she asked.

Astasia led Emma through the palace hallways. Emma recognized some of them from her previous visit but was still completely lost by the time they entered a lovely buttery yellow room with a dainty desk in the middle and overstuffed flower upholstered chairs in a small sitting area. "This is the office His Highness has allocated for you. A designer will be here tomorrow to take notes on your preferred style."

Emma shook her head. "No, please, this is absolutely lovely," she said, loving the room and the bright, open space. Even the comfortable chairs looked perfect. "I wouldn't change a thing."

"Very good, madam," Astasia said, making a note in her notebook. "Next, there's the press release and interview schedule to approve," she said and handed Emma several papers. The next several hours, Emma and Astasia went over details, interviewed various candidates for positions within the palace and reviewed potential political issues as well as press releases for her wedding, which apparently was set for two days in the future. A dress maker presented several designs, of which Emma chose one for her wedding, one for the reception and several more for dinners to be held in the future.

By the time Astasia led her back to Dharran's suite of rooms, Emma was exhausted, her mind whirling with details and thoughts, decisions she had to make. Dharran took one look at her face and laughed softly, taking her into his arms and gently hugging her as he led her out into the courtyard where a lovely dinner was set up, the air cooling now that the sun had set below the horizon. "I take it from your dazed expression that you're getting a crash course in becoming a princess."

Emma sighed and leaned her head against his shoulder. "Is that what my title will be?"

"Yes. And my wife," he replied, squeezing her shoulders.

She smiled. "I think I like that one better." She looked up at him. "I'm really sorry that things turned out this way."

He picked up a crystal pitcher and poured her an amber liquid, then another for himself. Emma took a sip and smiled with pleasure.

"I would have preferred that you were going to marry me because you were in love with me and couldn't live without me any longer, which was what I was holding out for, but I'll take this as well."

Emma sat very still, the condensation on her glass trickling down her fingers. She cleared her throat and started to say something, but no sound came out. She cleared her throat and tried again. "Are you saying you want me to love you?"

He sighed and nodded. "Yes. Perhaps you'll come to love me later. Right now, we have a child and we'll deal with that."

Emma set the glass down and turned to face him. "Does that mean you love me?"

Dharran reached down and touched her cheek. "I've asked you twice to marry me. If you don't know how I feel by now, I don't know how else to tell you."

Emma's heart stopped, then started back up even harder, pounding against her ribs in an almost painful rhythm. "You haven't asked me to marry you, Dharran. You've mentioned that it would be politically expedient to be married and marriage was obligatory since you were the first man I had sex with. There was never any mention of love or any kind of emotion involved in either of those demands."

Dharran stared down at her, and shook his head. "Emma, I've wanted you since the day we met. If that hasn't been clear, I don't know what else to say to you."

Emma shook her head and stood up, needing some space for this kind of chaotic conversation after the past forty-eight hours. "Dharran, there's a huge difference in wanting me and loving me."

He stood up and walked towards her. "Are you saying you know the difference?"

She took a deep breath, willing to put her foot out there even though it might get chopped off. "Yes."

The single word answer wasn't enough for him. Pushing his hands through his hair in frustration, he glared down at her. "What exactly, does that mean?"

She looked away, completely opening herself up to him in the terrifying hope that he might feel the same. "I'm saying that I don't just want you, Dharran. I've loved you for so long it hurts to know that I'm only a political convenience for you."

He grabbed her arms and spun her around. "I never thought of you as a political convenience," he growled out, crushing her to his chest as he wrapped his arms around her.

She pressed her cheek against his chest, loving the feel of his rapidly beating heart. "Then why all those horrible proposals?"

He laughed softly and looked up at the sky. "Because I couldn't figure out how to keep you in my life any other way."

"Why didn't you just tell me you loved me?"

Looking down, he cynically said, "When you wouldn't even wear anything I bought for you, why would I think you would want to share my life with me?"

She shoved gently against his shoulder. "Obstinate man! I didn't want things! I wanted you! I wanted what I thought you couldn't give me which was love and caring and sharing."

"Why would I not be able to give that to you? I've been doing that since the moment I met you?"

She shook her head in exasperation. "You've been giving me nothing but frustration in one form or another."

"But you love me anyway?"

She sighed and wrapped her arms around him. "Yes. I love you."

"And you would marry me even if it weren't for this pregnancy?"

She laughed and nodded emphatically. "I would have said yes if you'd said something like that several months ago."

He bent down and kissed her, halting any other declarations for the moment. When she was breathless and clinging to him, he looked deeply into her eyes and said, "I love you woman. Will you marry me and share my life and bear my children with me and help me grow this country to something modern and wonderful?"

She sighed happily and leaned more deeply against him. "Well, when you put it that way...." She couldn't smile since he covered her mouth with his. And it was a long time before she was able to have that meal. But in the end, she didn't care one little bit!

