Chapter 1

Gaston Montebello walked into the office, absently noting the general sense of disrepair and the absence of an efficient staff moving about the hallways. The old man was probably desperate by now which was exactly what Gaston had planned.

He walked into Rufus Catelano's office without knocking which was simple since his assistant wasn't in her place outside.

The old man looked up as soon as the door banged open, furious at the interruption. "What the hell are you doing here?" Rufus demanded gruffly, his grey, bushy eyebrows drawing together in anger at the arrogance of his uninvited guest.

Gaston unbuttoned his dark jacket before taking a seat in one of the green plastic chairs in front of the large, heavy desk. "You know exactly what I'm doing here." He paused for emphasis and also to make the other man squirm for a moment. "I want it back, Rufus." Gaston stared hard at the old man, hiding his fury and impatience. "You've lost about forty percent of your empire fighting this war. And I will make sure that there is nothing left if you don't give me what I want."

Rufus leaned back in his leather chair, satisfaction smoothing out the anger. Despite his hatred of the younger man, Rufus had to admit that Gaston was a prime specimen of masculinity with his height well over six feet tall and every bit of him packed with hard, bulging muscles, a fact of which Rufus silently admitted he was jealous. Rufus supposed that most women would consider Gaston Montebello a handsome man with his black hair and dark, intense eyes, not to mention the angular face that, in most circles, women thought were sexy and mysterious. Not in Rufus' circles, but the gossip columns certainly enjoyed following this man's activities.

There was no denying that Gaston Montebello was ruthless in business. He'd never have amassed such an enormous fortune and controlled such a huge empire if that weren't the case. Rufus hated this man with every fiber of his being, but he accepted that there must be some redeeming qualities if his tender hearted daughter had fallen in love with him. And he suspected that she was still pining for the bastard! A fact which continually ate at him but had also led up to this confrontation.

He hated to admit it, but if Gaston was what his daughter wanted, even after all these years, he would help her get him back. Not that he would ever admit to his part in their original breakup. No, that secret Rufus would take to the grave!

With a hot sense of satisfaction, Rufus leaned back in his creaking chair, lacing his hands over his protruding stomach. Gaston had finally come. It had been a hard struggle to get him here, a painful, deliberate chess game played out in financial markets and corporate boardrooms, but Rufus had finally won. The end was in sight and all would be well with his precious daughter Elana if he played this situation correctly. He leaned back in his leather chair, ignoring the squeak that needed to be fixed as he continued to glare at the younger man. "You think you can push me into a corner and I'll roll over and weep, but that's simply not going to happen."

Gaston raised a sardonic eyebrow. "You have almost no resources left that you can sell off, your companies are losing contracts almost daily and your own house is so heavily mortgaged even the banks are going to start calling in the loans. What do you have left? Just give me what I want and I'll make it all stop."

Rufus chuckled, the sound echoing his Gaelic ancestry and coming across as both arrogant and amused, fully in charge despite strong evidence denying that possibility. "You don't understand me very well, do you?" He lifted the cigar to his mouth and inhaled deeply, filling his lungs with the pungent smoke before releasing it into the air.

Gaston ignored the smoke despite the way it temporarily obliterated his view of the man. Thankfully, the scent was almost pleasant if it weren't for the fact that the particles were carcinogens that would eventually kill the older man. "I understand that you're a lying thief and an old man who is losing his grip on an empire that meant so much to him once upon a time," Gaston said with disgust. He hid his rage, his fury and distaste for this man as much as possible.

"You don't know what I prize." Rufus laughed softly, squinting at the younger man to keep himself from chortling with victory. He was so close, he could almost taste success now.

Gaston was impatient with this farce. "Okay, let's have it. You know what I want. Tell me your terms and I'll have the money in your account by this afternoon."

Rufus shook his head, smirking. "I don't want your money."

Gaston waited, but when the man only sat there smiling, he shook his head. "Explain your terms. I don't have time for your ridiculous games."

This is exactly where Rufus wanted the younger man to be. Now he had him. All his dreams would finally be realized. "If I give you what you want, you have to give me what I want."

"Just name your price, old man."

Rufus chuckled softly. "I want my daughter married."

Gaston froze, his stomach clenching with renewed fury but he hid his reaction, not wanting to give his nemesis any power. Even the knowledge that his daughter would marry eventually seared his brain with rage. "Fine," he replied stiffly. "Get her married."

Rufus paused, enjoying the tension, reveling in it. Finally, he said the words that would infuriate the younger man even further. "To you."

Gaston stopped breathing for a long moment. He was still, his body absorbing the impact of those words. "Impossible," Gaston snapped. If he never saw that woman again it would be perfectly fine.

Rufus shrugged his shoulders, pretending the younger man's response was unimportant. "Then you'll never see the book again. I won't live forever and in my will, I have instructions to have the book destroyed." He paused to let those words sink in before he said, "Although I might grow impatient with the expense of hiding the book from you. You have massive resources and, over the years, your investigators have caused me a great many problems. I have had to work hard to keep one or two steps ahead of them. Perhaps I should just destroy the damn thing now and be done with it."

Gaston shoved out of the seat, not even aware that it fell backwards with the force of his fury. "If you do that, I will make sure that everything you own will be destroyed, including your precious, faithless daughter!"

Rufus wasn't impressed by the man's threat. "All you have to do is convince Elana to marry you and the book is yours. Free and clear."

"You're out of your mind! I wouldn't touch your daughter! You know the history! You yourself showed me the evidence of her betrayal."

Rufus still had some pride left and knew he didn't want to admit all of his errors to this powerful man. He shrugged once again. "Elana is a very smart woman. If you can't keep her faithful to you, then you don't deserve her."

Gaston fisted his hands at his side to keep himself from throttling the older man. "Trust is two sided. She broke my trust." He paused to try and regain his composure. "This is all beside the point. I want the book and it has nothing to do with your daughter."

Rufus chuckled softly while he shook his head. "It has everything to do with my daughter. You said to name my price. My daughter's happiness is my price."

"That still doesn't bring me into the picture."

Rufus wasn't sure how much to tell this man. He didn't want to betray Elana's privacy, but there had to be some hope to give this tall, handsome man. It didn't matter that Rufus hated Gaston and the entire Montebello family. He loved his daughter more than he hated. She was all that mattered now. "Elana has locked herself away."

"You're being ridiculous," Gaston snapped. "She's working as a botanist at the university."

It was interesting to Rufus that this man knew that. "And she hasn't dated anyone in...." again, how much to reveal? "In some time," he finally finished, not mentioning that the last man his daughter dated was this particular one. She'd locked herself away from life, from happiness. He couldn't remember her laughing, genuinely laughing, in more than seven years. From the day this man walked out of her life, Elana had grown more and more quiet, reserved. She used to love life, attacking it with a vengeance. Seven years ago, she'd said that she was in love with Gaston Montebello but Rufus hadn't believed that she truly meant it. She'd been only eighteen! No woman knows the love of her life at that age. So he'd convinced this man to push her aside and his precious little girl had been slowly dying, living the life of a recluse. And she never laughed.

Oh, she might smile occasionally. She would go through the motions when in a social situation. But the smile was only on her lips and never reached her eyes. Those pretty brown eyes that used to always sparkle, that would tease him and show so much life, were dead now.

Gaston scoffed at the idea of Elana not being happy. His cynical nature came into play here and he refused to believe that Elana hadn't moved on with her life. "That's hard to believe, considering the picture you showed me of her with that other man."

Rufus refused to let his shame interfere. This was his daughter's happiness at stake. He had to succeed. "So find a way to make her forget any other man but you." He paused and looked up at the tall, furious man. "Or are you not up to the challenge? Are all those stories about your female conquests just lies? Or publicity?"

Gaston refused to answer. It was none of this man's business who he dated. And his daughter was definitely not going to be one of them. There had to be another way to get that book. Unfortunately, time was not on his side. His father was asking for the book, begging Gaston to find it and return it to him. The man was dying and they all knew it. What kind of son would he be if he couldn't give his father his dying request.

What was in this book that was so important was a mystery to Gaston. He'd seen it when he was a child but he'd been too young to care about a moldy old book with ancient pictures in it. There had been too many other things to do at that age. His mother had passed away asking for the book and he hadn't been able to get it. Now his father was dying, asking for the same book. He wouldn't fail his father. He would get the damn book if he had to marry the faithless wench. It wasn't as if he had to sleep with her.

Chapter 2

Elana peered through the microscope then made some notes on the report by her side. Moving on to the next slide, she did the same thing, over and over again. Each slide showed her the exact same thing and she sighed with frustration when the last slide revealed that nothing had changed. "Shoot," she said and dropped her head into her palms as she rested her elbows on the black, epoxy-resin countertop. "Why didn't it work?"

"Problems?" Richard Channing asked as he leaned against the other side of the countertop.

Elana looked up and grimaced at her fellow researcher. "It didn't work." She and Richard worked in the university laboratory on similar research projects, but he had funding from a different source. They had collaborated slightly on their results over the past year but Elana was embarrassed that her research wasn't going as well as his.

Richard sighed and shook his head. "I would have thought that the last batch might have been a winner." He moved around the table and examined the slides. "None of these worked?"

Elana covered her mouth, her mind sifting through the possibilities and potential next step. "Not a single one." She took her notes and closed the notebook. Richard was a nice guy, but she hesitated to trust anyone in this laboratory. There was fierce competition among her peers to discover a new strain of bacteria resistant wheat and Richard wasn't above stealing her ideas to help his own experiments. "How are your ideas coming along?" she asked, changing the subject.

Richard leaned his back against the counter, crossing his arms over his chest. "I thought I had something with the cellulose last time, but the bacteria didn't seem to care that I'd given the little buggers a toxin. They ate right through the cells."

Elana nodded. "Same here." She looked at the clock and sighed. "I guess we'd better be heading home, eh?" It was almost midnight and she'd been here since before six o'clock this morning, eager to start examining her results from the growths she'd been working on for the past month. Unfortunately, nothing seemed to have worked at all.

She was working on her doctoral thesis and this was supposed to be the major element in that paper. She wasn't going to impress the panel much if she didn't have those results though. She was just about out of her current funding which was worrisome. She needed a new grant to get her through the next set of experiments. Where she would find that funding, she had no idea at the present time.

With exasperation, she packed up her computer and stuffed her notes into her leather bag, tossing it all over her shoulder. She needed to take some time out of the laboratory in order to find new funding, but she couldn't find new funding until she had results from her lab work to show progress. What a conundrum.

She walked to her beat up old car and yanked the door open, tossing her bag onto the back seat as she got into the driver's side. As usual, she closed her eyes and prayed that the engine would turn over this time. When she turned the key, she actually crossed her toes this time, knowing that the engine had not been in the best of moods this morning.

With a sigh of relief, the engine started up and she put the car in gear, driving to her tiny apartment while her mind sifted through the data she'd gathered today. The results were disappointing, but she knew there had to be a way. She'd been so optimistic about this last batch. What had gone wrong?

Her drive home was only ten minutes at this time of the evening. With no traffic, because sane people were already in bed, she was able to cruise through the streets with barely a single stop. She pulled into her parking space at her apartment building and grabbed her bag, trudging up the stairs while her mind went over the steps in the experiment once again, trying to find a reason why the bacteria hadn't been stopped, or even slowed, by her new strain of wheat.

If she'd been more aware of her surroundings, she would have noticed that her door wasn't locked when she entered her apartment. But she pushed her door open and dumped her heavy bag on the floor as she made her way to the tiny kitchen to find something for dinner. Looking into the fridge, she realized that she had only yogurt and milk left since she hadn't gone to the grocery store in over two weeks. She picked up the milk, too tired to contemplate eating the yogurt because of the effort involved. She didn't bother with a glass, just started drinking the milk right out of the carton despite the fact that it was extremely bad manners. What did she care? No one came into her apartment but her.

"The milk is past the expiration date," a deep voice said from the darkness.

Elana gasped and swung around, holding the almost empty carton of milk out as if it were a sword while her eyes skimmed the darkness, trying to find the source of that voice. It sounded vaguely familiar, but something deep down inside of her told her that familiarity was a bad thing.

The only light in the apartment was still coming from the refrigerator behind her so her eyes couldn't penetrate the darkness of the small living room. "Who's there?" she called out, still trying to see even though she knew it was almost impossible.

"I'm hurt that you don't remember me, Elana," that deep voice said. A moment later, a light came on and her eyes blinked, her mind refusing to acknowledge that this particular man was sitting casually in her living room, acting as if he had every right to be there. And worse, looking like he'd been there for quite a while.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded, her mind going blank as it always had when this man came near. "How did you get into my apartment?"

Gaston shrugged and stood up, his long legs giving him the height that made him now tower over her. He slid his hands into the pockets of his dark slacks while his eyes took in the slender beauty in front of him. He was surprised to see that she was actually more stunning now than she had been seven years ago. She was too thin though. She hadn't been overweight to begin with but the lost weight made her appear almost waif-like.

He pushed the concern for her heath away. He was doing this for his father, he told himself. What she did with herself was none of his concern. He had a mission and a short period of time in which to accomplish that objective. And if she were hurt in the process, he didn't give a damn. She'd lost the right to his concern when she'd betrayed him with another man.

"I got in like any other person would. Through the door," he told her sarcastically. Then checked himself. He wasn't here to start a fight. He was here to get her to the alter and that was it. "How have you been?" he asked, moving closer to her. In the dim light, she didn't appear to be taking care of herself very well. There were dark circles under her pretty eyes and he already knew that she didn't have any food in her apartment. "You look tired."

Elana's body was having a hard time adjusting to the fact that this particular man was standing in her apartment. When the shivering started, she crossed her arms over her stomach in a protective gesture. She'd been so in love with this man. Seven years ago, nothing in the world had mattered except being with him, seeing his smile and sharing her day with him. She'd been so overwhelmed with those feelings that she hadn't realized what a bastard he was. He'd left her without any word, no explanation. The only way she knew that it was truly over was when she'd seen the picture of him at some society function with a blond woman on his arm.

She glared at him across the room, furious with herself for reacting to his presence after all these years. "Don't you have some party to go to? Or a woman to seduce?"

Gaston looked down at her and almost smiled. "I do, as a matter of fact," he replied evenly, knowing that he had to convince her to trust him and seduction was probably part of the process. He gritted his teeth, not wanting to touch this woman in any way. He hated the thought of even kissing her, much less making love to her. Hopefully it wouldn't have to come to that. He could get her to the alter with an abbreviated seduction, but after the wedding, he could set her aside and go about his business. He just had to get that book. And fast. His father's health was fading quickly.

She really didn't like the look that came into his eyes. It was speculative, almost cruel and she shivered again despite her admonition to remain aloof. "So why are you here? Obviously I didn't invite you."

"We need to talk." He pushed images of her naked body out of his mind, telling himself that he wasn't interested in her that way. She had one purpose, and only one. Thoughts of her lovely breasts pressing against his palm had nothing to do with that purpose. He looked back down at her, his eyes dropping lower. Even if those breasts looked like they would fit perfectly in his palm. Where the rest of her had slimmed down, he realized, her breasts had actually filled out. They were larger, fuller, more lush than he remembered.

Dammit! He wasn't going to think of her in that way. She was a means to an end. A tool to achieve his goal. Or more appropriately, an obstacle to overcome.

She took a wary step back with the hardness that had entered his eyes, terrified of what he might be thinking and unaware that she was about to put herself into the still-open refrigerator. "You left without any word seven years ago, Gaston. Why don't you just do the same disappearing act again? I don't need to hear anything you have to say."

He reached out and pulled a curl from her chin, tucking it behind her ear and ignored the way she tried to pull away from him. "Even if it means getting funding for your wheat project?" he asked softly.

Elana froze. That was probably the only thing he could have said that would get her to listen. But then she realized what she was doing and shook her head. "I don't need your funding. I'm perfectly fine."

He laughed softly and shook his head. "Your current grant funding runs out at the end of this week. What's more, you don't have anything to show prospective clients that you're making progress. And I know why."

Despite her promise, her eyes looked up at his face, her heart clenching with pain as she drank in the handsome man who had hurt her more than she'd thought possible. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Gaston had to admire her spunk if not her morals. "This is no time to let pride stand in your way. You've made progress but someone in your lab is sabotaging your work. I'm offering you continued funding plus a place in my laboratory where you can ensure that your work is not tampered with."

Elana wasn't sure what was more surprising. That her work was tampered with or that he was offering her funding. Both ideas were so far outside the realm of possibles that she couldn't even think for a moment while her mind processed those two items.

Because the tampering was less...invasive, for lack of a better word, she attacked on that. "What do you mean about my work? And how would you know if someone were tampering with my results anyway?" She knew she sounded belligerent, but this man just brought out the worst in her. Which was sad because he used to bring out the best, challenging her mind, pushing her harder than she'd ever thought she could go and rising above the petty irritations to get her studying finished faster and more thoroughly, just so she could spend more time with him. Seven years ago, every moment spent in his company had been precious and exciting. Now she just couldn't wait to get him out of her apartment and as far away from her as possible.

"You know exactly what I mean," he said evenly, leaning his shoulder against the cream colored wall. "Why don't you have any color in your apartment?" he asked, his eyes looking around. "You used to love color, surrounding yourself with anything that was bright and almost crazy." Why he cared, he didn't know. But something about the way she lived didn't feel right.

Elana shifted on her feet, suddenly realizing that the fridge was still open and she had the milk in her hand, holding it as if it were a weapon. She turned around and put the milk back on the shelf, then slammed the fridge. "I don't need to explain my environment to you," she replied stiffly. In reality, she'd had no color in her life, not just her apartment. Since he'd left her, everything had seemed dull and pointless. She'd put all of her energy into finishing school and competing with the other students as well as herself to do better, work harder and achieve her goals faster. It had paid off. She was one of the few students working on her PhD in botany for her age. She had him to thank for that, although she wasn't going to give him the credit since he'd done it by leaving her without any explanation and moving on to, not just the next woman, but the next fifty women. She'd been so heartbroken she had barely been able to function those first few months. But she'd eventually gotten through the pain. With gritty determination, she'd buried herself in her studies and her work, resolutely not allowing Gaston's absence to throw her into a tailspin like so many other women had gone through.

Gaston shrugged, accepting that what her walls looked like wasn't relevant. "Good point. So, what's your answer on the funding and lab space?" He took another step closer to her, his nostrils filling up with the sweet scent of her. It was a scent he remembered so well. She was fresh and alive, like roses.

She was actually shaking, her whole body trembling as he came closer to her. She wanted him gone, but her voice wouldn't speak, her eyes looking up at him warily. "I don't know why you're here but there has to be a reason. And whatever that is, I don't care. Get out," she said, wishing the trembling in her voice would stop so she could appear, at least on the outside, more confident and unaffected by this man.

He didn't listen to her. In fact, he came even closer, his eyes skimming over her features one by one. "Are you sleeping well, little one?" he asked softly, his eyes noticing the dark circles under her previously vibrant eyes.

Her mouth fell open at the endearment and she blinked, not sure what he was doing. She didn't realize that her body language had softened but she felt her insides melting, frustrated because that had always happened when he came close to her. "Don't do this, Gaston," she begged, not even caring that she had to plead with him if it got him away from her.

"Don't do what?" he lifted his hand and pushed a stray lock of hair off her cheek gently. "You've lost weight, you're not eating well. What else am I going to find out about you?" he asked.

She cleared her throat and pulled her eyes away, staring at the middle of his massive chest. "Perhaps that I hate you and there's no way I'm letting you back into my life."

His hand stilled and for a moment after she spoke...it just hung there in mid air. His eyes were sharp as he watched her carefully, barely moving. And then he sighed and took a step backwards. "Call me when you change your mind." He pulled a card out of the inside pocket of his jacket and placed it noiselessly on the counter.

The next thing she knew, the door to her apartment was closing and she could hear the silence, the darkness. With a gush of air, she also realized that she'd been holding her breath while he was near and she wanted desperately to run out after him, to scream out that she wasn't affected by him despite all those little signs that she'd given him.

Instead, she walked to her bedroom on shaking legs, falling into her bed and curling up with the pillow clutched to her stomach while the tears she'd thought had been used up seven years ago came rushing back, spilling over her lashes onto her pillow. She cried out for a future she shouldn't be desperately wanting any longer. She couldn't trust Gaston and needed to keep him out of her life. She'd moved on. She didn't need him or those charming smiles ever again!

She'd find funding some way. She was smart and she had a good reputation. She could get through this just like she'd gotten through all other obstacles in the past seven years. Through hard work and determination.

Four days later, Elana was panicking. She'd been turned down for all the grants she could think of and the lab manager was already making plans for her space to be occupied by someone else. Someone who had funding. On top of that, she had no idea who had sabotaged her work, but there definitely was something wrong with her lab results. If she hadn't been thinking along those lines, she never would have looked for the little issues that indicated that someone had been tampering with her slides and the bacteria she'd been using.

It gave her a paranoid feeling. She watched everyone. Anytime someone came near her work space, she would guard her work, hiding her results with her body or papers, tense with the anxiety that anyone could be the culprit who was trying to slow down her efforts. It was a miserable four days for Elana who normally didn't pay a great deal of attention to anything other than her experiments.

Her anxiety levels didn't slow down her efforts to find alternative funding though. She submitted grant applications to multiple sources, even some that didn't necessarily tie to her field of work but by that point, she was desperate and running out of options. With each rejection letter, she knew her deadline was drawing closer.

By the time Friday rolled around, she had no alternative. When she walked into her apartment that afternoon, with all of her slides and materials in a box because she no longer had a place to work, she dumped her materials in a corner and stared at the expensive looking business card on the counter. It hadn't moved since Gaston had left that night. She'd actually been afraid that the card might set her fingertips on fire if she even touched it so it had rested exactly where he'd placed it and she'd just worked around it whenever she was in the kitchen.

But now she had no more options. She had to get a lab where she could rebuild her experiments. Once that was done, she could evaluate what her other options were. Perhaps if she just used Gaston's space, she might find some answers that would allow her to apply for other grants. It would certainly be nice to be able to shove his charity back at him.

First things first, she thought with dread. She picked up the phone and dialed the number, her finger shaking as she pressed the buttons. It rang twice before his voice mail picked it up and she was so relieved she could barely get a coherent sentence out. "Gaston, this is Elana," she took a deep breath. So far, she was doing okay. Greetings she could do. Eating crow, that was a whole other issue. "I wanted to thank you for the funding offer and to talk to you about the specifics. At your convenience, of course," she added, just as s precaution in case he might think she was demanding his time. "Anyway," she took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "If you need more information on my experiments, let me know. I look forward to hearing from you," she said and gave him her cell phone number.

With that done, she pressed the end button and fell onto her worn out sofa, relieved to have gotten the worst over with. That hadn't been as painful as she'd anticipated, she thought with relief.

But just in case, she pulled up her laptop and started searching for additional funding sites. There had to be some agricultural company out there that might be interested in her work. The problem was her lack of results over the past six months. It was crushing her and if she could figure out who, why and how someone had viciously tampered with her work, she would at least be able to speak to that problem and provide a better argument for why she was so close to achieving the results she wanted. But she only had evidence that someone was sabotaging. She had no idea how or why. And the who was driving her just a little bit nuts.

Not five minutes had passed before her cell phone started ringing. She lifted her head off of the fuzzy sofa cushion and looked at the number on the small screen. Just seeing the man's number made her stomach muscles clench with....fear? She wasn't exactly sure what she was feeling but it was intense and uncomfortable.

Her finger pressed the button, but hesitated to release it which told her a great deal. "Hello?" she answered, pretending that she didn't know exactly who was calling.

"Good afternoon, Elana. I suppose you called because you need laboratory space and funding. Am I correct?" Gaston's deep, confident, sexy voice made her stomach muscles tighten even more.

She gritted her teeth, hearing the smug, self-satisfied tone in his voice. She wanted desperately to reach through the phone and smack him. But she needed the funding more than she needed to take him down a notch. "Yes. If the grant money is still available." She just had a horrible thought. "It hasn't been allocated to someone else already, has it?" she asked, a lump forming in her throat at the possibility that the grant was gone. She had no idea what else to do if it was. She was basically out of options.

"No. Rest assured, no other botanist has applied for the grant. I'll pick you up at seven tonight to discuss the grant and to review your findings to date." Without another word, he disconnected the line and Elana was left sitting on her raggedy couch, glaring at the phone as if it were some sort of serpent.

And then his words hit her. Dinner? Tonight?

She looked down at the jeans she'd pulled on earlier this morning. Since her actual legs were shorter than the legs of her jeans, the hems were frayed from walking on them. There was almost a hole in one of the knees as well as some sort of stain on the other knee. She couldn't even remember what she'd spilled on the jeans, having been unconcerned with her appearance in favor of spending her time worrying about her work. Besides, her lab coat covered most of the problem so she'd never really thought about her jeans, much less her appearance. Or her shirt, she thought, glancing at that pathetic piece of her wardrobe. It had three stick figures at the top, one covering its eyes, one covering its ears and another covering its mouth with the words "Define Evil" underneath the figures. It had struck her as ironic when she'd found it in a small shop about six years ago, but the material had definitely seen better days.

She couldn't let Gaston see her like this. He would immediately feel disgust, or worse, pity for her pathetic appearance and she wasn't about to let him see her so bedraggled. It had nothing to do with wanting to impress him and everything to do with her pride. He'd left her seven years ago and she'd be damned if he thought she was still upset over his departure! She wasn't. She'd gotten over him a long time ago. She might have cried initially, but she was through with him!

She jumped into the shower and, after fifteen minutes under the warm water and lots of scented soap and shampoo, she felt rejuvenated. Standing in only her towel, she dug out the hair dryer that hadn't been used in...well, she couldn't remember the last time she'd taken the time to actually dry her hair and attempt to look presentable. Her lifestyle had become all about getting to the lab or to classes as quickly as possible. She'd hadn't been taking the time to care what she looked like. She only cared about her tests and results.

But standing in front of her tiny, steamed up bathroom mirror now, she knew that she looked pretty horrible. With her hair wet against her skin, she realized that her face was too thin. Actually, her whole body was too thin, she thought as she glanced down at her skinny legs. Her breasts were still full, but the rest of her looked pale and her bones were obvious in too many places. Perhaps it was time to take a bit of inventory on her lifestyle and figure out how to be a little healthier.

After drying her hair and using a round brush to curl the ends under, she felt much better. She then dug out her makeup, another area that she'd dismissed from her life. Thankfully the colors she used years ago weren't too outdated so it was easy to dab a bit of concealer on the dark circles under her eyes, powder to brighten up and smooth out her overall skin tone. A touch of mascara...and lipstick she thought to brighten her face. The lipstick instantly made her look more vibrant and less fatigued. Staring at her reflection in the mirror with the renewed hope of funding, she wondered why she'd let herself get to the point that she hadn't even cared what she looked like? Besides brushing her teeth and washing her face, she'd done very little to care for her appearance. How had she sunk so low that she hadn't even bothered with lipstick? Looking down at her makeup bag, she grimaced at all the colors. There were reds and pinks, maroons and even some crazy colors that she'd barely used. But at least she'd tried.

She refused to admit that Gaston's disappearance from her life had done this to her. She didn't want to give him that much power over her world. He wasn't anything to her now except a checkbook who could help further her ambitions. And that was exactly where he would stay.

She pulled an old dress out of the back of her closet and slipped the red material over her head. When the dress fell into place, she cringed at how loose it was around her body. Even this showed how much weight she'd lost and it wasn't flattering. She actually had to pull that dress off and find another one, but in the end, all of her old dresses were too big for her slight frame now. She grabbed the third one she'd tried on. It was a black wrap dress which was probably the closest she could get to something that would fit and didn't have holes in it. The neckline plunged a bit too low for her comfort, but when she glanced at the other outfits spread out over her bed, she knew that none of them would work any better.

With a huff of frustration, she got down on her hands and knees and dug out a pair of black pumps. They were dusty from being unused in the back of her closet for so long. But a clean towel rubbed over the surface and they were as good as new. When she slipped them on her feet, she had to practice walking in them for a few moments. Goodness, it had been a long time since she'd worn heels!

It was just like riding a bike though. As soon as she pulled them on and practiced a bit in her hallway, she was right back where she used to be. If a bit wobbly on the corners.

She slipped on a pair of gold, hoop earrings and her watch, then hurried to her computer to print out materials that would help explain her efforts to Gaston. She bit her lip as she selected various charts that might explain where she wanted to go with her work even if she couldn't show him the results. Yet. She knew she was very close and would probably be there but she must have been lax in her diligence at protecting her work at some point. That lack of attention to protecting her work left her experiments open to tampering. So stupid as to let others mess up her experiments. She knew better! Competition in the laboratory was fierce and there were many scientists who were not above hurting someone else's work to get theirs to the finish line first.

The knock on her apartment door came much more quickly than she realized. She looked around at the mess of her apartment, the charts that had spilled down from the printer, the books scattered and stacked in random places surrounding her furniture, some stacks even acting as tables for abandoned cups of coffee or other drinks. It was a mess! She jumped up from her dining room table where her laptop and printer were located, quickly trying to gather things so that it didn't look so chaotic.

But when the knock came again, she knew she had to answer it. With all the papers in her arms, she hurried to the door and pulled it open, her breath catching in her throat when she took in the magnificent man standing there.

No, not magnificent, she corrected herself. He was just another handsome, inconsiderate jerk who thought he was above the rest of the world. A man who didn't need to follow the rules of common courtesy. She hated him so no matter how handsome he looked, she was not going to stare.

She pulled her eyes away and turned around, dumping the papers onto her tiny kitchen table, ignoring the reports that slid back down onto the floor. "You didn't have to pick me up," she said as she sifted through the papers. "I could have met you somewhere."

Gaston walked into the apartment and looked around. It was just as messy as it had been last week but it seemed worse with more lights on.

He couldn't stand the chaos, possibly because it was yet another indicator that she was hurting about something. Was it another man? Had she just broken up with someone and this is the result? He remembered her being meticulous and organized, so he lifted his eyes to watch her instead. When he took in her dress, he felt as if someone had punched him in the gut. The dress wrapped around her slender frame, making her breasts look even larger, fuller. On any other woman, that dress would look ridiculous but on Elana, she looked....ethereal. And sensuous.

Damn! His hands wanted to cup those breasts, to find out if her nipples were as sensitive as they used to be. She'd gone up in flames when he'd touched her all those years ago. She'd been a little kitten, always purring whenever he came close, her smile lighting up his day.

There was sadness in her eyes now and he wondered who had put that there. She was cautious, wary. And she refused to look at him. She was doing something with the papers on her table, sorting them somehow. But really, all he wanted right now was for her to look up at him so he could see her eyes.

She'd worn makeup tonight. And her hair was a soft halo, falling in a silken wave down over her shoulders. She really was an astonishingly lovely woman. It was also surprising that she lived in such a rundown apartment building. Her father had money, not as much as he used to thanks to Gaston's attempts to pressure the man into giving him back the damn book. But her father wasn't poor. Surely he could spare some of his precious money to take better care of his daughter. She might be an unfaithful, lying, deceitful woman, but she didn't deserve to live like this.

His whole body tensed when she bent lower. He could see her breasts more clearly and she was wearing a sexy, black lace bra. Was she doing this on purpose? Was she trying to torment him? He swung his eyes away, only to have them come right back to those full, ripe breasts. Had the other men in her life taken advantage of those lovely swells? Had they known the same kind of fulfillment with just the soft escape of her breath when he touched her?

"Are you almost ready to go?" he growled out, then felt like an ass because her eyes looked up at him with a hurt, wounded expression. He wanted to see her eyes, but not like that. He wanted them to be full of life and happiness. Or even better....No! Pulling his mind away from that thought, he focused on the present.

Elana had no idea what she'd done, but he was suddenly furious with her. His eyes were blazing fire and his body looked like he wanted to hit something. "Um...yes." She quickly gathered up her materials and grabbed her purse. "I'm ready." She would sort these in the car on the way to the restaurant, not wanting to keep him waiting and make him angrier.

Gaston wished he could take back the words, then wished he didn't care if she was hurt or not. She was too damn beautiful and he forgot how expressive her brown eyes could be. She'd never been able to hide anything from him, her emotions always right there in her eyes no matter how sad or happy she was.

He took her coat off of the hanger and followed her out the door, holding the coat for her to slip her arms into. If his hands accidentally brushed the soft, sensitive skin at the nape of her neck, he told himself that he couldn't help that. He was just making sure that her coat was on before he pulled away. Her hair was soft, he thought. He liked the way it ran over his fingers when he pulled his hands away from her shoulders.

"Thank you," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. She flipped her hair out, making sure that all of it was outside of her coat. Gaston had seen women do that countless times but somehow, when Elana did it, there was something much more sensuous about the action. Something that made him want to lift his hand and let his fingers tangle in her hair. He wanted to brush his fingers across the back of her neck, to feel her soft sighs as he explored her body.

He cleared his throat and opened her apartment door. "Let's go," he said gruffly.

There was that anger again and Elana cringed, looking up at him as if she might be able to discern the cause in his dark, black eyes. There was a vein throbbing on his jaw and he looked like he was gritting his teeth. He must have had a bad day at work, she thought. Which was strange, because in the past, Gaston had always been in complete control of his work. She used to tease him about how wide his control was, how far reaching his power. He'd never allow anything happen that he hadn't already anticipated. Business was like a giant game of chess for him and he was always the master, always the one with the check mate carefully planned out even before some of the players knew they were participants in the game. Nothing was a surprise to this man. Or at least it hadn't been before.

She sighed heavily as she walked down the quiet, dark hallway. Everything was so different now. Before, he would have walked into her place and kissed her until she couldn't think any longer. If they'd actually made it out into the hallway, he would have stopped her in this kind of darkness and kissed her again, driving her crazy with his hands and his mouth, even his legs at times. The man was sensuality personified. He could make her heart stop with just a look or a touch.

Now, it was just tense and awkward. Why had he looked her up again? Why had he come to her apartment earlier this week? He must be up to something, but for the life of her, she couldn't figure it out.

The restaurant he drove them to was in the center of the city and one of the best. She knew that would be the case because Gaston always had the best of everything. He would never settle for second best. Not in his business life nor in his personal life. They were immediately led to a table near the windows overlooking the city. She thanked the waiter while Gaston ordered a bottle of wine so she didn't have a chance to tell him that she didn't want any wine. She didn't like drinking during business meetings. Besides, she hadn't had alcohol in a long time. The last time she'd had wine was when she'd had dinner with her father last month and she'd only had a few sips.

When they were alone again, she looked across the table anxiously, wondering what he was thinking. Why was he so silent? It was as if he were waiting for something, waiting for her to speak. And then she remembered the presentation and gasped, reaching down to her purse. "Sorry," she said with a slight, awkward smile.

She pulled out the papers, but then had to wait until the wine steward poured the wine. It was an irritating delay and she wanted to hurry through her presentation. The sooner she finished, the sooner she could end this dinner and get away from this enigmatic man. She hated sitting across from Gaston, trying to second guess his moods that seemed to be swinging from one extreme to another.

"Well, the experiments are for..." she started to say, then stuttered, not sure where to go. If he'd approached her about offering her a grant, he probably knew all about her experiments and her goal.

"Why did you stop?" he asked softly, his eyes watching her carefully.

Elana cringed with the look he was giving her and her embarrassment over the gaffe. "Well, because...I don't want to waste your time on things you already know."

He leaned forward and took a sip of his wine. "Continue. I'll let you know if I need you to stop for any reason."

She could feel the heat stealing up her neck and was glad that the lights were low and the only light between them was the candlelight in the middle of the linen covered table. She didn't want him to know how much his words, his voice affected her.

The waiter arrived to take their order and Elana looked up at the man, trying to hide her irritation at the interruption. She wasn't really hungry and just wanted to get this over with. "I'll just have a salad," she said, not even bothering to look at the menu to figure out which salad she wanted. She was sure that there were probably several salads, all with creative designs and interesting ingredients. But she didn't care, just wanting to ensure that she received the grant money. In order to do that, she needed to convince this inscrutable man that her work was worthwhile.

Gaston's eyes glared at her, but she didn't even notice since she was looking down at her charts and graphs once again, waiting impatiently for the waiter to go away.

"She'll have the Pollo al Forno with the oysters and pearl soup. She'll be having dessert as well, so when we're finished with the meal, be sure and bring over something with chocolate. I'll have the sea bass with the tiramisu for dessert." With those instructions, Gaston handed the menus back to the waiter who bowed away from their table quickly.

Elana almost rolled her eyes but she knew she was in a precarious position. She didn't want to argue with a man who was potentially going to fund her project, but she also didn't want to eat something that he'd ordered for her. Especially the dessert. How could he remember about her chocolate obsession? She hadn't had chocolate in....wow, she couldn't remember how long.

She bit her lower lip, remembering how Gaston would bring her small boxes of ornately decorated chocolates from around the world. Wherever he traveled, he'd find some extraordinary box of chocolates and present them as soon as he came back.

At the time, she hadn't been so in love with the chocolates but more in love with him for the gesture. It was his way of letting her know that he was thinking of her, that he might be half a world away, but she was on his mind.

Shoving that memory away and deciding to ignore his mandate about her food choices, she cleared her throat again and started over, telling him about the bacteria that she'd found and how it was hurting the crop production, the economic impact to the farmers in the various regions in which this particular bacteria would grow, how she planned to stop it, the experiments she was using to ensure that her results wouldn't cause other environmental issues and the long term monetary and environmental benefits of what she was trying to prove.

Despite his dislike of her personally, Gaston really couldn't fault her professionalism. When she finally finished her presentation, he was enormously impressed. She was thorough, she'd thought of various angles that could be problematic and provided solutions to those issues and she was experienced, knowing how to proceed without creating additional environmental problems. Overall, he was amazed.

They discussed the outcomes she'd reached to date while they ate their salads and when their main meal came, Elana was excitedly explaining various benefits, offshoots of her work. This research could benefit other plants and possibly even humans, although she didn't have enough knowledge about human physiology to tackle experiments in that area.

After the waiter set her entree in front of her, she ate everything on her plate, too hungry and excited to realize that she had eaten so much. When she looked down at her plate and noticed that all of her food was gone, she was surprised. And embarrassed. That had been an enormous amount of food, she thought. It didn't matter that Gaston had also finished his meal. The man was huge with muscles all over his body that needed the additional fuel.

There was an awkward silence when the waiter took their plates away. She'd expended all her energy on the business side of dinner. Now what were they going to discuss?

"I think I need to go to the ladies room," she said after a pregnant pause. She stood up and almost fell over, forgetting that she was in heels and not her normal running shoes. But she didn't fall. In fact, she was caught in very strong arms, her body pressing against Gaston's hard frame and her breath caught in her throat. Slowly, she looked up into his eyes, the sexual tension undeniable between them.

"Sorry," she said softly.

"No problem," he replied, his hands slipping down her arms before he finally released her.

Elana stepped back carefully. Her body was tingling everywhere it had touched his and she was furious with herself for letting that happen. She walked to the bathroom, berating herself for being so stupid, so inept. Imagine, falling because she couldn't walk in her shoes! How pathetic.

Gaston watched Elana walk away, his body hard and aching now that he'd felt her once again. Perhaps he was going about this whole thing the wrong way. Instead of avoiding all physical touches because of something that was ultimately her fault, maybe he should take advantage of the situation. They were obviously still sexually attracted to each other. The look in her eyes a moment before told him that his need wasn't one sided. Perhaps he could make this whole thing go much more quickly if they just went to bed with each other, satisfied their lust. By the time he got her to the altar, he would have her out of his system. Maybe that was one of the reasons he'd felt so betrayed the last time. He'd known she'd been a virgin, too young to take the next step so he'd respected her, hadn't wanted to initiate her until she knew all that was involved. It had infuriated him that she'd betrayed him with another man after all of his restraint but she was older now. He didn't need to hide his reaction to her like he had in the past.

She was definitely old enough now to handle what he wanted from her. And there was no use denying it any longer when the evidence was so painful. Yes, he wanted Elana. More than before, which seemed almost impossible. There had never been another woman who had enticed him like she had. Not before and not since he'd left her all those years ago.

As she walked back to the table, carefully maneuvering her way in her obviously new shoes, he noticed that her nipples were standing at attention, his eyes taking in all of her this time. Her mouth was slightly open, inviting him to kiss those soft, full lips. Her breasts were beckoning him, begging him for attention.

And he'd never been one to ignore something so obvious. He wanted her. She obviously felt the same way. They were two adults with adult needs and cravings. He could handle it this time, knowing that she shared her body with whoever she pleased. As long as he went into the relationship with that knowledge, he could come out unscathed. He'd have to take things slowly though. She looked worried at the moment, so not scaring her away could be tricky, especially with the lust he was feeling at the moment.

Elana recognized the look on Gaston's face and her feet faltered. She'd seen that look many times before, but never with such intensity. She almost turned and ran from the restaurant. The only thing stopping her was the challenge that showed up in his eyes when he looked over at her as she approached their table. He knew, she thought. He realized that she was prepared to run and he was daring her to do it.

When she reached the table, she glanced down, trying not to look at him and what she saw made her mouth fall open. "That's not fair!" she hissed at him, standing right there beside the table, unwilling to sit back down. "Why would you do something like that?" she demanded, waving to the decadent chocolate dessert sitting in front of her chair.

Gaston laughed softly, knowing exactly what she was talking about. "Why would you be angry that I ordered you some chocolate cheesecake?" His eyes looked down her too-thin figure. "You need the calories, Elana. You've lost too much weight. This is just my attempt to protect my investment."

She ignored his comment about her weight and focused on the other part of his statement. Her eyes lit up and she sank down into the chair as gracefully as possible. All her hopes shining through her eyes. "You mean I get the grant?" she asked breathily.

"I can honestly say I've never heard a more impassioned explanation of someone's experiments before," he said, chuckling at her excitement.

She blushed and looked down at the table, her eyes lighting on the cheesecake once again but this time not in anger. Cheesecake really was her favorite dessert and she didn't even discriminate on type, just loving the rich, creamy texture no matter the flavor. And this piece had thick chocolate syrup drizzled over the top with raspberries and whip cream. Scrumptious! "I guess we should celebrate then!"

Gaston hadn't realized what he was getting into with that statement. Although he had a plate of rich tiramisu in front of him, he wasn't really into sweets himself, but when she picked up her fork and took a bite of that dessert, he almost groaned out loud. Her eyes closed, her mouth savored the rich dessert, her whole body seemed to shudder with exhilaration. Her expression was almost sexual, erotic and sensuous. His body, which had been semi hard ever since he'd gotten control of himself while she'd been in the bathroom, hardened painfully once again as she took another bite. He was grateful for the table which hid his body's reaction from both her and the rest of the restaurant.

When she put the fork down, it startled him. He'd been watching her mouth and her eyes, her facial expressions so closely he hadn't noticed that the dessert was gone. She'd eaten all of it and something uncurled inside of him. She wasn't anorexic. She just hadn't eaten well lately. He was so relieved he wanted to kiss her. Well, he wanted to kiss her for many reasons, this one just being yet another.

Why did he have the sudden urge to make sure that she ate properly from now on? That wasn't in the bargain. If the woman wanted to starve herself, then it was none of his business. He just needed to get her married and then he could set her up in an apartment, a proper apartment though, and be on his way with his father's happiness assured before he died.

Elana wasn't sure what to do. Her dessert was finished and Gaston was staring at her, a look in his eyes that caused butterflies to dance around in her stomach. "Are you ready to leave?" she whispered almost frantically, reaching down to pick up her purse, now stuffed with her project data once again. "When can I start at your laboratory?" she asked, wanting to fill the silence that felt charged with a tension she didn't want to define.

Gaston gritted his teeth. He was in the throes of the most painful sexual fantasy of his life and she wanted to work. He looked down at her as he stood up, coming around the table to pull out her chair. He was determined to change this scenario. He wondered how long it would take him to get her to the same place he was.

It was an experiment he was more than willing to initiate he thought with relish as he put a hand to the small of her back while he led her out of the restaurant. He felt her shiver and almost smiled in anticipation. He'd held back before. There was no need to now.

Elana tried to move faster, wanting to remove his hand from the small of her back. But he was tenacious. She didn't understand what he was doing. Why was he being so gentle? What was his plan? Something just didn't feel right and his swings in emotion all evening confused her. Earlier in the night he'd been angry and now he was basically a protective, terrifying giant standing next to her, glaring at any man who even glanced in her direction as they made their way out of the restaurant.

What was with this jealousy? She hadn't noticed it when they were together before, but maybe the difference at that time was that he knew she would never cheat on him. She'd read an article that a man who was assured of a woman's fidelity was much more confident when others noticed her. Was he not sure of her fidelity now?

She sighed as he opened the passenger side door to his car. What a stupid question, she told herself sternly. Of course he wasn't sure of her. Nor should he be! He'd left her without any reason, without consideration for what she'd believed they had together. She'd never put herself through that again which meant that she wouldn't let herself feel those things with him.

Well, to be perfectly honest, she wouldn't let herself feel those things for any other man either. She'd wrapped herself up in her work, not letting anyone get close to her. Not even female friends. Could anyone blame her? She'd been so hurt, so devastated when he'd disappeared from her life, then seeing him with the other women in the gossip columns, women who were tall, blond and pale, the complete opposite of her, had been brutal. She didn't ever want to go through that again.

"You seem very pensive," Gaston observed as he drove through the dark streets. "What's going on in that pretty little brain of yours?"

She turned her head to look at him. The street lights danced across his handsome face, fading as he confidently drove through the night only until the next light caught his face and the whole process happened again. Over and over again, the light brightened, then faded revealing a part of him which would then disappear into shadows once more. Was this how her life would be? Would he come into her life, brighten things up and then fade out again? Was she destined to be this man's puppet?

No. She was stronger than that. She wasn't going to allow him to manipulate her in that way again.

In answer to his question she slowly explained, "I was wondering why you showed up." She didn't elaborate or even try to soften the question. It was a legitimate question, one she should have asked as soon as she realized he was in her apartment.

Okay, so maybe she had and she just couldn't remember. She'd been a little bit, well....a lot, overwhelmed by seeing him once again.

He didn't react in any way other than to glance down at her briefly before his eyes went back to the road. "I received news that you needed funding. I knew that you were doing something worthwhile so I stepped in to help."

"But why?" she asked, needing to better understand his motivation. Something just seemed...off.

"Does it matter?" he asked, pulling into the parking lot of her apartment complex. He looked down at her, his eyes hidden by the night. "You have the grant money and a secure lab to work in. Isn't that what you've always wanted?" He didn't bother to mention that he'd ensured that no other agency or company would even consider funding her project. He'd pulled in favors from several people in order to get her here tonight. Right where he wanted her!

She bit her lip because it hadn't been what she wanted. Her dreams had all been blasted away by the picture on the internet of another woman on his arm seven years ago. But she wasn't going to tell him that. The arrogance in him was already bad enough, she didn't need to stroke his ego.

"There are a lot of things I want in life," she replied with a false brightness. "A fabulous lab, no worries about where I'm going to find my next grant, co-workers that help instead of hinder....I could go on and on, but I'm probably boring you." She realized that they were now parked in front of her building and she grabbed her purse, eager to get away from him. She wanted to settle down her heart rate, to start to relax. Being around Gaston wasn't a relaxing time period. He was too strong, too dynamic and just too male for her to calm down.

She had one hand on the door handle but stopped when she remembered her manners. "Thank you very much for dinner and I will work hard to make sure that the grant money you've provided shows results. I'll contact your office for details."

As she was stepping out of the car, she heard his door open as well. When she was on the sidewalk, she glanced over at him, startled to realize that he was getting out and following her in. "What are you doing?" she asked, her throat constricting with fear as he approached her.

"I'm walking you to your door," he said as if that were the most obvious thing in the world.

"I don't really need you to do that."

He shook his head as he walked around the car, putting a strong hand under her elbow to propel her forward. "Elana, there's no way I'm letting you walk those dark hallways by yourself. Why hasn't your landlord put up adequate lighting anyway?" He was glaring at the building and she could see his mind already working overtime.

"I suppose because that would increase the maintenance costs and that would in turn increase the rent. No one around here wants that," she replied stiffly, clutching her purse to her stomach as if it were some sort of shield that would keep the impact of his closeness at bay. Unfortunately, it wasn't working very well and her legs were starting to wobble, her stomach muscles clenching and all those horrible feelings that she'd thought were long buried were rising up once again.

"It's irresponsible," he growled, putting that large, warm hand onto her back and leading her through the hallways. "Why haven't you complained?"

She laughed, the sound coming out sounding harsh. "Because I can't afford more rent."

He glared at her lovely face, wondering why he even cared, but he did. "Safety should come first," he responded, looking down at her, seeing how her knuckles were almost white as she clutched at her purse. "Why hasn't your father demanded that you live in a safer place?" he asked, curiosity getting the better of him. It wasn't any of his business, but he couldn't help but ask.

She stopped and turned to face him. "I am perfectly capable of making my own decisions and providing for myself," she answered him heatedly. "Besides, My father is a very sweet old man who is having problems of his own." She sniffed slightly before turning back to walk up the stairs. "My father can't control me anyway."

He leaned down and shook his head. "Your father..." he started to say something, but then stopped. He wouldn't make any progress getting her to his ultimate goal by maligning her father in her eyes. Not that she would believe him anyway. Elana had always revered her father, thinking him a saint. The man wasn't a saint by any stretch of the imagination, a fact of which he knew all too well since he'd been slowly destroying the man's business. What he'd found out about Rufus' business practices wasn't very good, but his daughter didn't need to know that.

Why was he protecting her? Why did he care if she still cared for her father? He should shove the old man's crimes right at her, let her live in the real world. Rufus was unethical and ran with some pretty unsavory people. If he wasn't breaking the law, Rufus was definitely skimming that line.

She glared right back at him. "What? Are you going to tell me that my dad needs to take care of me? That I'm not old enough or smart enough to make it alone in life?" She was really working up a steam of anger now. It was all a defense against letting him inside her apartment, but she didn't care. She pulled herself up to her full height, pushing her shoulders back and feigning confidence. "I'll have you know that I'm fully capable of running my life exactly the way I want to. My father has his interests and I have mine. I don't ask him for anything!" she finished, poking him in the chest to emphasize her point.

"All evidence to the contrary," he replied softly, taking her finger in his large hand and gently pulling it behind her back. The movement caused Elana's body to fall against his. They were standing at her doorway, the dim light from the hallway too far away to give her any insight into what he might be thinking, if he were to actually reveal some of his thoughts through his eyes.

But then again, she didn't really need the light to know what he was thinking. She was feeling it. As his strong arm kept her in place, she felt his body respond, feeling that pressure against her stomach and she panicked. "Let me go, Gaston. This is not what I want."

"Prove it," he said a moment before his lips touched hers.

If he had been hard or demanding, she might have been able to fight him. But the soft, gentle touch of his lips against hers set her body on fire, her mind spinning out of control. She sighed as his tongue touched her mouth. No matter how much she wanted to avoid this, there was just something about Gaston that had always reduced her willpower to a quivering, demanding need to touch him, feel him with her fingers and hands.

When his hands moved underneath her coat, sliding along her waist and ribcage she whimpered with the intensity of the feelings that exploded inside of her. It was as if his hand were the fire and she were the moth, demanding more, turning into the light and her body shifted slightly to feel his hand on her body more.

It took her several moments before she realized that he was no longer kissing her. When she felt his hand move away from her back and the cold air hit her full on the face, she opened her eyes. Looking up at him, even in the dim light, she could see the triumph in those dark, sinful eyes.

With a shuddering breath, she turned around and unlocked her apartment door. She was ashamed that she'd let him do that to her, wary of what he might think he could do next. She'd stop him, or at least that's what she told herself. It had been such a short kiss, but that small moment had revealed so much. Things she didn't want him to know. Good grief, those were feelings even she didn't want to know about!

She didn't look back at him when she stepped inside her apartment. She couldn't, too embarrassed that she'd kissed him back with such ferocity, not even aware that he'd stopped.

Was this his plan? To humiliate her? To prove to himself that she was still putty in his hands? Well, if that was the case, and she couldn't think of any other reason, then he'd better rethink his strategy! She would not put herself in that kind of a position again. Now that she knew that he could still make her react this way, she would be on her guard.

She had to, she told herself as she leaned against the closed door. It was simply a matter of survival.

Chapter 3

Elana sat out in the parking lot, her beaten up old Beatle surrounded by expensive vehicles parked all around her. Gaston must pay his employees well if the other cars in the lot were any indication. Most were expensive vehicles which only made her decrepit, ancient transportation stand out because of the rust and poor paint job.

But that wasn't really the issue, she told herself as she bit her lower lip as her anxiety level increasing. She was using the expensive cars surrounding her as an excuse to avoid the real problem. She was worried about going into the building where the laboratory was housed. She hadn't realized it, but the Montebello headquarters was also located here. How could she have been so naive? So gullible?

With a sigh, she knew that it had nothing to do with naivete or gullibility. It had everything to do with feeding the world's hungry population. She had to get this right, she told herself sternly. Ignore the man. He wouldn't even be in the lab, so what was she so worried about? The man had his entire empire to run, he wouldn't have time to stop by and find ways to torment her. She'd read the article in the newspaper yesterday about how he'd just closed a huge deal that would change the way several industries operated. So he definitely wouldn't have time to visit his laboratory right now. He had bigger priorities.

Why was the laboratory even located here? Why wasn't it in some isolated spot or on a university campus somewhere? Why did it have to be in the middle of the city on some of the highest-rent real estate? Lab techs and executives rarely worked well together. One group was interested in making money, the other wanted to save the world. Even though that generalization wasn't necessarily true and she was allowing her nerves to take over rational thought, those two groups didn't necessarily mesh so most corporations kept the two groups separated, sometimes by large distances to avoid arguments. It was also cheaper to house the scientists on less expensive real estate, so why did he have everyone here at his headquarters? What was his plan?

She wouldn't get any answers by sitting out here in her car, would she? She picked up her purse and her laptop case filled with data and pushed open her car door. There was no time like now to find out what her future might hold.

The lobby was impressive and she walked up to the security guard, explaining her purpose. She was immediately directed to a security office where her picture was taken, a security badge issued to her with instructions that she had to have the badge displayed on her person at all times while in the building. It would give her access to only the laboratory and the executive floor, which was on the twenty-fifth floor.

Elana looked at the badge, irritated that she was given access to the executive floor. Did Gaston really think she would be going up to his floor just to see him? How ridiculous! She couldn't believe the man's arrogance. One kiss and he assumed she'd be begging him for more.

Well, time had passed since Friday night. She'd gotten her head on straight and she was going to avoid that man as much as possible. She wouldn't set foot on the executive floor unless she was going to a meeting to brief the man. If he called her into his office for any reason, she'd bring along a co-worker just for support.

She went down to the basement level, which was where the laboratory facilities were located. As soon as she stepped off of the elevator, she had to admit that she was impressed. The facilities were amazing! Everyone was hurrying about in their pristine lab coats looking serious and brilliant. There were no jeans, no messy tee-shirts although several of the more geeky looking fellows were trying hard to wear a tie and missing the mark completely. One man even had his tie neatly knotted at his throat but the rest of the material was off to the side, as if he'd tossed his tie behind him and forgotten about straightening it after he'd finished whatever he'd been doing.

The laboratory manager greeted her cheerfully, a man in his fifties with stereotypical thick, black glasses that he pushed up higher on his nose as he approached. "I'm Tom," he said. "I understand that you'll be working on something separate and need a distinct work space. I received the list of items you need and have them all set up in this corner of the lab." He led her over to a brightly lit space with state of the art equipment, all much better than what she'd been using for the past few years.

"This is all for me?" she asked in awe, her fingers running gently over the equipment that would help her grow the bacteria faster and more efficiently. "This is wonderful," she said, her face breaking out in a huge grin. "I can't believe that this is all for my use. Are you sure I don't need to share with someone else?"

Tom laughed as he shook his head. "No need. We all have separate areas, but we meet in the mornings and at five o'clock to share what we've been working on, what findings we've discovered and any problems we've encountered. I know you're working on something separate, but feel free to join us. We might give you some ideas on your work, plus you might hear something that you could help us with."

She looked back at him, stunned. "You mean, collaborate on work?" she asked, her eyes wide with amazement.

Tom laughed. "You've come from a university environment, haven't you?" At her nod, he grinned. "We've all worked in that type of facility as well, but Signor Montebello demands that we put those kinds of work relationships behind us and focus on working together. We've had much more success, although there are still a few prima donna holdouts." He blushed as he said, "Probably all of us are gaming for the next Nobel Prize in science so we aren't completely altruistic in our efforts."

Elana laughed, agreeing with him. "This is very nice. Thank you."

He showed her around the rest of the lab, introducing her to the others who all seemed genuinely pleased to meet her and hear about her work. It was a nice, friendly atmosphere but still filled with the bustle of activity and intelligence that seemed to make the work area hum with excitement and anticipation.

An hour after pulling into the parking lot, she was set up and ready to work. She pushed herself harder than ever, wanting to prove to Gaston that she wasn't a failure despite her lack of recent success that had her begging for his grant funding last week. Her need to prove herself to him had absolutely nothing to do with wanting to impress the man and everything to do with helping people who were hungry and farmers who could lose their entire crop to the various bacteria that she was fighting. She loved her work and the new environment helped her thrive. The people were kind and dedicated with a brilliance that she'd never encountered before.

Two weeks later, Elana peered through the microscope, her breath caught in her throat as she saw the results. They were positive! This was what she lived for now. The experiment, with unadulterated testing, was doing exactly as she'd hypothesized during all those years. She'd actually done it!

Thankfully, her tests from the previous lab weren't as messed up as she'd previously assumed. She looked up and recorded the information, making notes in the margins. It didn't matter that this batch worked. She'd still have to do the entire experiment over again, showing her data without any sort of errors. The results might be wonderful now, but she'd have to prove, and then reprove, her work. She'd have to have secondary tests, blind tests....she needed to....

"Elana!"

She snapped around, her eyebrows furrowed in irritation as she looked behind her, trying to find the source who had interrupted her thought process. "Hi! What's going on?" she asked when she finally focused her eyes on Tom but she quickly looked back down at her microscope, eager to move on to the next slide.

Tom chuckled nervously as he looked up at the man next to him. "She didn't mean to snap at me. We all get into our work pretty heavily at times."

She looked behind her once again, wondering who Tom was apologizing to. Elana gasped when she realized that Tom was addressing Gaston in an elegant, dark suit that did nothing to hide the raw power of the man. Just looking at him caused her heart to jump several beats. "What are you doing down here?" she asked, rising from her black stool and walking over to her new batch of slides that were growing the bacteria she was trying to fight. She didn't want to look at him, irritated that he could stand more than five feet away from her and her body still reacted to the man.

"I came down to take you out to lunch," he replied, watching her with interest. She was wearing a pair of black slacks and a red, turtleneck sweater that hugged her slender waist and full breasts lovingly, although the white lab coat hid most of her figure, only giving him slight glimpses of what lay underneath. Gone were the worn out jeans and tee-shirts. She'd assimilated into the work environment here quickly, he noted. She'd been working here for only two weeks and already she had improved her wardrobe. And made friends, if the man standing next to him was any indication. Tom, his laboratory manager, seemed to be infatuated with the woman Gaston himself was targeting.

Too bad Tom wasn't going to win this battle, he thought with resentment, stifling the urge to fire the man on the spot for looking at Elana with those adoring, puppy dog eyes. What happened to professionalism, he asked himself. What about his corporate policy on not fraternizing with co-workers?

Well, he couldn't really enforce that one since he was about to seduce one of his employees. Okay, so perhaps she wasn't technically one of his employees. But the rules should still apply. At least to Tom.

Gaston excused himself from those rules in this situation since he had an ulterior motive. His motives were more genuine. He wanted to marry the woman, he assured himself, trying to salve his conscience.

The fascinating woman in question was already shaking her head. "I'm sorry, Gaston, but I don't have time for lunch today." Elana hid her burning face by bending down and looking into her microscope, hoping he would take the hint and simply go away. She couldn't even lift her hands to adjust the slide under the scope though because her fingers were shaking so much. He needed to leave! Just his presence was making her nervous.

When she looked up again a moment later, noting the silence behind her, she found that, not only was Gaston still standing there waiting for her, but so was Tom and as well as about ten other sets of eyes. Apparently, when the CEO of their company came down to the laboratory, people tended to obey his orders. Was she the only person who would stand up to him?

Tom cleared his throat. Stepping forward, he nervously glanced up at Gaston, then at Elana again, actually wringing his hands together worriedly. "Elana, surely it wouldn't be too much trouble to take a little time off to have lunch with Signor Montebello. You were here pretty early this morning and have been staying late most nights. A bit of relaxation really does help the process."

Elana stared at the man, wondering why he was acting like this. "I don't have time for lunch or relaxing. I have work do to."

Again, Tom glanced back at Gaston, then back to her with a tense smile pasted on his face. "The work will still be here when you get back. It wouldn't hurt, would it?"

She looked up at Gaston, amusement on his handsome face. "Why do you want to have lunch with me?" she asked with an almost belligerent tone of voice.

Gaston looked at Tom who immediately received the message to disappear. With Tom's absence, the other eyes all looked back at their work as well, but Elana was sure that the others were still trying to listen in. Of course, why wouldn't they? It wasn't very often that the CEO came down to their hallowed ground.

Gaston moved closer, looking down into her wary eyes. "Are you afraid to be alone with me?" He smiled slightly. "Again?"

She inhaled sharply, wanting to step back but the counter was behind her and his large, muscular frame was in front of her. "I'm not afraid of you. Why would I be?"

He considered her question, thought about the many different ways he could answer her. He went with the truth. "Because I want you," he said simply.

She gasped and shook her head. "No you don't," she countered. "Why would you? You didn't want me seven years ago. Nothing has changed."

He shrugged slightly, not contradicting her as she'd hoped he would. "Seven years ago, you were too young to realize what I wanted. Now you're not."

There was that trembling again. More intense this time and her heart felt as if it were going to burst out of her chest. "That's not going to happen, Gaston."

His smile increased and a light shone from his eyes that hadn't been there a few moments ago. "Are you challenging me?"

"No!" she gushed out. "I'm not challenging you at all!" She remembered his win or die attitude when it came to competitions. She thought back to the time he'd taken her to the beach for the day. They'd been swimming in the water, just frolicking around and having a good time. She didn't remember how it started, but someone challenged Gaston to a swimming race. She'd thought it was just good fun initially, but Gaston wouldn't let anyone beat him. Even this man, who turned out to be an Olympic swimmer, wasn't immune to Gaston's competitive nature. Gaston had won, but the effort he'd employed to win was shocking. He'd almost drown himself to win. It had been a heady lesson about his personality and she'd never forgotten.

He laughed at her frightened expression. "Good call," he said softly. "Gather your purse or whatever you want to bring. We're going out for lunch."

She glared at him for a long moment, but in the end, she knew that he was the boss and she'd never live it down if she didn't follow him out of the lab. She made sure that he knew that her agreement was in protest, not that he would care though. He actually chuckled as he followed her out of the building.

She started to head for her car, but he steered her towards a limousine waiting by the curb. "Why are we taking that?" she asked, her step faltering because she didn't want to get into that vehicle. She'd be completely alone with him and that was to be avoided.

"Because the traffic right now is horrendous and parking will be nearly impossible. So my driver will let us off in front of the restaurant so that you won't have to walk several blocks in those very lovely shoes," he said, looking down at her black, leather boots with the high heel she'd donned this morning under her black, tailored slacks. "And it will also save us time so that we can talk and not have to worry about parking." He held the door open for her, his eyes daring her. "Get in, Elana."

She hesitated for only another moment, but in that brief period, she realized that they were gaining the attention of the onlookers. In the end, her fear of being seen with Gaston and people talking, making assumptions or trying to guess at the extent of their relationship, outweighed her fear of being alone with him.

"Fine," she said with ill grace and ducked into the dark, back seat.

Gaston watched with interest as the material of her slacks was pulled tightly over her bottom, admiring that piece of her anatomy for the few seconds he was privileged to view it. He might not like her personally, but his body certainly agreed with the way her parts all fit together.

The driver already knew their destination because as soon as the door closed behind him, he pulled away from the curb and entered traffic. Unfortunately, the privacy window between the occupants of the back seat and the driver's area was already closed. She noticed this at the same time that she realized that he was sitting much too close to her.

"Why the sudden desire to have lunch with me?" she asked, switching over to the opposite seat so she wasn't so close. She might be facing backwards this way, but it was much better on her pulse to have the extra space between them. The farther she was from his long, muscular body, the better.

"Are you really surprised?"

She hated the eyebrow that went up with his response. "Obviously I am or I wouldn't have asked. I haven't heard from you for two weeks and all of a sudden you show up and want to have lunch with me? It doesn't make sense. How about an explanation instead of a sarcastic reply?"

He laughed, impressed with her daring. Not many had the courage to stand up to him. "So you've got a bit of spunk in you after all. I was starting to wonder."

Her eyes flashed with that comment. "What do you mean by that?"

He leaned to the left slightly, closer to her. "When I saw you two weeks ago, you were a bit...tired," was all he said, choosing the more diplomatic word versus the 'sad' adjective that immediately popped into his mind. "I was thinking that you'd lost that edge that had been so interesting the first time we were together."

She leaned back and crossed her arms. "We weren't ever really together, were we?"

Again, his eyebrow went up. "What would you call our previous relationship?"

"A lie."

The anger that had always been simmering just beneath the surface due to her faithlessness roiled to the top and he couldn't stop his response. "I would have to agree with that assessment."

"So I ask again, why are we here, now? What's the point in rehashing old news?"

"Perhaps because there's something still there, something that might be worth rehashing."

She shook her head. "Absolutely not. There's nothing to rehash."

He laughed softly. "Are you going to try and tell me that you didn't feel anything when I kissed you two weeks ago?"

She squirmed in the soft leather seat, unable to hold his gaze. "Oh, there was something there. I can't deny that. But I'm not sure revulsion is what you want to rehash or are you a masochist?"

She wasn't expecting his reaction. Suddenly, she was no longer sitting across from him but was now in his lap, his hands like steel bands around her upper arms as he held her in place. It didn't matter though. She was too stunned to react. "Revulsion? I believe you've just told me that you want another demonstration of what we feel whenever we're mere feet away from each other." With that, he covered her mouth with his in a brutal kiss. She resisted at first, but when she started to struggle, he changed tactics. His lips softened and his hands stopped holding her and slipped under her sweater, finding her skin.

Elana wasn't ready for that. She couldn't believe how good his hands felt on her skin, or the way he wouldn't relent with his mouth, devouring her, making her stomach clench in anticipation of his next touch. She had no idea where they were or what was happening outside the vehicle, but inside, an explosion had just occurred and she was in flames as his hands moved all over her body, cupping her breasts, making her whimper and cry out when his thumb rubbed against her nipple, drawing out the peak before he pressed his thumb and forefinger together to tease that sensitive flesh.

She didn't want to feel this. She didn't want to enjoy it. But the pleasure that sparked through her when he lifted her sweater and lifted her up so that he could plant his mouth in the center of her stomach just defied possibility. The heat was so intense she cried out, trying to pull back but when he stopped, she pushed forward again for more of his touch.

When her world shifted, she found herself on her back with Gaston looming over her. He was looking down at her as if she were the most delectable thing in the whole world and she shivered with the need to satisfy him, to feel him against her.

And that need terrified her.

When he reached for her sweater once again, she shook her head, grabbing his wrists to stop him. "Gaston, please don't," she finally was able to choke out through the red haze of desire.

He stilled, his eyes moving to hers and for a moment, she wasn't sure if he would comply with her request. As they watched each other, they both knew that he could convince her to keep going. And it would be incredibly good for both of them. For a moment at least.

She breathed a sigh of relief when he took a deep breath and leaned back, lifting her with him. She was right back in his lap again, and he wasn't going to let her move, but at least he wasn't on top of her any longer. "Thank you," she said and straightened her clothing, putting her hair back in order.

When she tried to slip off of his lap, he stopped her by placing a large hand on her thigh, freezing her in place. "There's going to come a time, in the very near future Elana, when you won't want me to stop."

She shook her head. "No. you're very wrong, Gaston. This isn't right. We don't like or trust each other."

His hand slid up her thigh and she couldn't suppress the shiver at his touch. "Apparently, our bodies don't need to like or trust one another for the need to rise up and almost strangle us. It's going to happen. You need to get used to the idea. And it's damn well not going to happen in the back of my car," he growled.

"It's not going to happen at all," she said and pushed off of his lap to sit primly on the seat diagonally away from him. She couldn't get any farther than that, but she wished she could just fall into a canyon somewhere and hide for a few days to recover. She might have told him to stop, but she wasn't able to tell her body to stop as easily. She was still shaking in reaction, both because of the fact that she'd let him touch her, and because she wanted him to continue, just as he said.

That didn't mean she was going to follow through on that though.

The driver smoothly pulled up to a restaurant and Gaston stepped out, extending his hand to help her out as well. Elana debated whether to use that hand or ignore it, afraid of touching him when her body still felt like this. In the end, she didn't have a choice. He reached down and took her hand anyway, almost lifting her out of the car.

She stood on the sidewalk, looking up at him with her hands on his wrists and his hands on her waist. There was a moment of tension, a split second when she feared that he might reach down and kiss her once again. But then he stepped away and she breathed in, feeling some of the tension leave her body as he escorted her into the restaurant.

When the waiter handed her the menu, she looked at the choices, trying to find the item that would take the least amount of preparation and the easiest to cook. The less time she spent in his company, the better.

Gaston watched her carefully, amused by her belligerence which he knew was a front to cover the sexual tension she was feeling. He'd felt it from the moment she'd realized he was behind her and he savored it, wanting to increase that feeling. It was only to suit his purposes though. He didn't have any personal need to have her himself.

"What are you in the mood to eat?" he asked when the waiter arrived at their table.

She slapped the menu down onto the table and glared at him. "The yogurt I brought from home today," she said without any fear of his potential anger.

Gaston chuckled and closed his own menu. "She'll have the blackened chicken and I'll have the crab," he said to the waiter who stood by their table looking confused.

Elana couldn't believe he was once again ordering for her. "Why do you do that?" she demanded, crossing her arms over her chest.

"Do what?" he asked, letting his eyes linger on her breasts that pushed against her sweater. He chuckled at the lovely pink color that stole up her cheeks.

She ignored his laughter and continued to glare at him. "Think you know what I want better than I do. It's patronizing."

Gaston looked down at her pale, thin cheeks and a tide of anger welled up at her lack of awareness and concern for her own health. "You look like you haven't eaten in about three weeks, Elana. Why are you doing this to yourself?"

She looked down at the table, suddenly feeling deflated because he was right. She wasn't taking care of herself. She'd forgotten to eat breakfast this morning and she really was hungry because a cup of coffee didn't last very long. "I'm sorry. You're right. I need to eat better but you really don't need to take me out for meals just to make sure I eat well."

He was surprised by her sudden defeat. He didn't like the sad, desolate look that entered her eyes. He preferred the spunky, kick-the-shins-of-whoever-got-in-her-way Elana. "What just happened?" he demanded.

Elana smiled slightly, leaning forward and running her fingers over the condensation of her water glass while she looked around at the other patrons. "I guess I simply realized that you're right. I haven't been taking care of myself. My home is a mess, I'm barely eating...." She sighed and her shoulders drooped. "I haven't even exercised since... I don't know when."

"You used to love working out," he said softly, his voice gravelly as it always was when memories popped up of what she used to be like, of what they had together and lost.

She grimaced. "I know." She looked down at the linen table cloth. "Do you?" She asked. "Work out, I mean."

"Yes."

"Just as crazy as you used to be?"

He chuckled. "I never thought I was crazy before."

She laughed softly. "Which only means that your workouts are probably more insane than they used to be." Her eyes drifted over his broad, muscular shoulders and the biceps that bulged against the fabric of his suit. "You look good," she said, suddenly startled by that realization. Hadn't he been affected by their breakup? Actually, he looked amazing, even more buff than he had been before when they were together.

"I still work out," was all he would say.

"And what else do you do?"

He wasn't sure what she was asking but he leaned forward himself. "I work a great deal," he commented.

"And..." she swallowed painfully, blinking back the tears in her eyes. "Are you seeing anyone special?" Her whole body braced for the answer, wondering if she could take it if he said he was seeing someone significant. It was bound to happen, she told herself. She might as well get that out there and face up to the reality. He was a man who would want an heir. Since he was now in his mid-thirties, he would naturally start to gravitate towards someone who would be interested in marriage.

It didn't matter that they'd talked about marriage and kids, discussing their futures together as if they were set in stone together. Both of them had been deliriously happy about the idea of spending the rest of their lives together, but apparently, that hadn't been the case. At least not in his mind.

"I'm not seeing anyone special," he replied and he noticed that every muscle in her body seemed to relax with that reassurance. Interesting, he thought. "What about you? Or should I already assume the answer based on your lack of sleep?"

She laughed, thinking he was referring to Tom's comment that she'd been in the laboratory pretty often lately and her lack of sleep was apparent with the dark circles under her eyes. "I think I'm just getting used to sleep deprivation," she joked. "It will help once I decide to have kids, right?" she laughed, but the sound came out harsh. Fake.

He hated the idea of another man keeping her up late each night, making love to her and touching her beautiful body like he wanted to do. Pushing the image of another man in her arms out of his mind, he focused on the conversation and his ultimate goal. "Is there a prospective father on the horizon?"

She laughed again. It was a pretty pathetic reality that no man had kissed her since Gaston. "No. No prospective groom or father."

"Aren't those the same thing?" he asked harshly.

She glanced up, surprise by the vehemence in his voice. "Of course," she confirmed, not sure where this bout of anger came from. "I spend a great deal of time in the lab so it isn't as if there's a large social network of prospective candidates among the other lab geeks."

He raised his eyebrows, but didn't have a chance to comment because their meal arrived at that point. He was relieved when she dug into the chicken. At least she wasn't averse to eating. She just didn't think of it, he realized.

"So how are the experiments coming along?" he asked, thinking to change the subject to something less controversial and with a few less explosive possibilities.

She smiled and nodded her head. "They are going extremely well, thank you." She was genuinely grateful for his assistance here. "You were right. The original bacteria samples I was using were contaminated but because of that, I was able to isolate several different strains and...." She went on talking about the bacteria and her progress, answering all of his questions eagerly and with enthusiasm. This was her baby and although the previous tampering was a setback, it had provided her with new ideas and greater insight which she was now applying to her work. The last six months hadn't been a waste at all, but had possibly spurred greater success.

By the time they finished their conversation, she'd eaten all of her meal and felt enormously better. "Thank you for lunch," she said shyly, glancing up at him through her lashes. "I didn't realize how hungry I was."

He shook his head. "It's one of those issues that not many people suffer from. The bigger problem in the world is stopping people from eating but you have this problem with remembering to eat."

She laughed, feeling energized and ready to take on the world. "I guess I get a little too enthusiastic about my work."

"A little?" he teased as he passed the waiter his credit card. "Perhaps too much."

She shook her head. "That's calling the kettle black," she countered. "What time did you finish working last night?" she asked, knowing that he was just as much of a workaholic as she was.

"About midnight."

"So?" she replied, her hands flat in the air as if to say, "Don't you see the similarities?"

"There's a difference," he countered.

"What's that?" she asked as she stood up and let him lead her out of the restaurant with a hand on the small of her back, feeling the heat of his hand but it didn't feel horribly threatening at the moment.

"I didn't forget to eat," he explained plainly.

Elana opened her mouth to argue with him, but then she stopped, thought back to the previous night and tried to remember what she'd eaten for dinner. When she couldn't think of anything, she simply closed her mouth once again and walked out into the sunshine again, ignoring his smug satisfaction.

Her shivering didn't start up again until she was standing by the curb and the limousine rolled up, his driver jumping out to open the car door for them. "I don't mind catching a cab back to the lab," she said, taking an involuntary step back from the dark interior of the vehicle.

"Nonsense," he replied, putting a hand to the small of her back and almost pushing her into the car. "We're both going to the same place. It makes no sense to drive separately."

She disagreed with him, but she wasn't sure she could convince him of her need to stay away from him. With a sigh of resignation, she ducked into the car, taking the seat opposite him again.

She blushed when she saw the expression on his face, a look that told her that, if he wanted her in his arms, he knew he could get her there despite her distance. The problem was, she was pretty sure that was true. Which was why she was sitting on the opposite side and crossed her legs and arms, as if she could form a physical barrier from the man and his allure.

"What are you doing this weekend?" he asked as the driver pulled away from the curb.

Elana's mind went over her plans for the next couple of days and she drew a blank. She could clean her apartment, she thought. She didn't have much work to do because she needed to grow her bacteria and it took a while before the next batch would be viable enough for her to implement into the experiment.

His eyebrows went up in question as he waited for her answer.

"I have plans," she said somewhat defensively.

"What are they?"

She crossed her arms over her chest and glared back at him. It wasn't really any of his business what she was doing, but he was looking at her as if he knew she was afraid to be alone with him. "Since my slides are growing," she said with a tinge of unease, "I'll clean up my apartment and get things organized for the next phase of my experiments." Her eyes lit up at that, eager to prove that she wasn't so pathetic.

He immediately shook his head, thinking about hiring an organizational expert to do all of that work for her. Her apartment wasn't dirty, just disorganized. "No, you're coming to the investor's meeting with me tomorrow night and then I think I should probably take you to my lake house just to make sure that you eat over the weekend."

Elana didn't like the sound of that at all. She couldn't spend even an evening in his presence if her behavior before lunch was any indication, not even considering the possibility of an entire weekend. "I don't think that's going to happen," she replied and looked out the window of the vehicle. She focused her attention on the various people milling about on the sidewalk as the limousine waited for the light to change.

He smiled at her resistance, ready to take on the challenge. "First of all, I need you at the board of director's dinner tomorrow night. You're a big investment that I've approved and I need you to charm the other board members so that they know that you're a reasonable risk."

Elana's heart picked up the pace with that declaration because she'd had to attend these functions on several other occasions with whichever group was providing her funding. It was standard procedure to wine and dine the people who were paying, to convince them that her work was important and would help with the end goal of whichever organization was paying for the work. "Fine," she said grudgingly, which probably wasn't a good idea considering that this man was the head of that particular board. She needed his support, she realized suddenly. And she wasn't doing a very good job of making him feel her appreciation for his efforts.

She might be better at that part of her job if he would just keep his distance, she thought with resentment. No kissing would be a good start! "What time and what's the dress for tomorrow night?"

"I'll pick you up at six o'clock tomorrow and the dress is formal." She didn't even touch the idea of his lake house. She'd never been to his lake house, hadn't known he even owned one, but she didn't want to spend the weekend with him anyway.

Elana sighed and bowed her head slightly. Why was this such an imposition? She used to love dressing up and mingling with people, laughing and learning about what they did and what they thought. When had she become such a curmudgeon?

Had she let Gaston's betrayal affect her so much that her entire personality had faded away? Had she really become such a shell that her life was solely about her work?

Obviously the answer was yes since she'd had to dust off her previously favorite shoes the last time she'd gone out to dinner with him. Not good, she told herself firmly.

She sat up a bit straighter in the leather seat, wanting to show him that she was strong and confident. "I'll be ready, but you don't have to pick me up," she said, not looking at him. "Just have your assistant send me the address and I'll be there."

He laughed softly and shook his head. "I don't think so, Elana. I know the way you work and you'll be in the lab until midnight, forgetting everything if I don't make sure you arrive on time. I'll pick you up at six."

Elana looked back at him, irritated that he was being so stubborn about this. "I'll set an alarm to make sure I leave the lab with enough time. I don't want you in my apartment again."

His smile was slow and sexy as his eyes looked at her figure, ending at her soft lips. "Why not? What are you hiding in that place?"

She squirmed under his intense scrutiny, her lips pressing together mutinously. "I'm not hiding anything in my apartment but even if I were, it still wouldn't be any of your business."

"So why don't you want me in your apartment?"

"Because..." she wasn't sure how to explain that his presence in her apartment set her world off kilter, made her private space seem as if he should be there more often. But she didn't want to reveal that much to him. She didn't want him to know that she still might have feelings for him. And she didn't want to be hurt by him again. So the less time he was in her private spaces, the less of an impact he could have on her life and the easier her recovery would be once he left her life once again.

"Because I don't want you invading my private life, Gaston." She said it with finality, looking him straight in the eye and feeling proud that she didn't back down this time.

He was silent for a long moment, his smile growing slowly and the light in his eyes, that light that made her stomach muscles quiver and her knees press together, told her that she was in deep trouble.

"Elana, I can guarantee that we're going to be...invading...each other's private space very soon. And I don't think there's anything either one of us can do about that."

She was already shaking her head in denial, but the limousine pulled up outside his headquarters building. So instead of replying, she simply rushed out of the vehicle, her head low as she made her way through the crowd milling about so she could hurry back to her laboratory. She felt safe there. Things made sense when she was around her bacteria and experiments. And if they didn't immediately make sense, she knew how to decipher the data so that she could unravel whatever mystery occurred.

Gaston didn't make sense and he was too dangerous of a mystery for her to even consider tackling. Unfortunately, she didn't find her much needed respite among her test tubes and centrifuges today. Thoughts of Gaston and the way he'd kissed her before lunch kept filtering through her concentration. She didn't understand why she kept falling for him, for this almost painful chemistry that hadn't dissipated over the years. In fact, if she were being perfectly honest with herself, she had to admit that the chemistry had actually increased. Or maybe she'd just pushed the previous intensity of their desire for each other out of her mind, not wanting to remember how wonderful it felt to be in Gaston's arms.

Work. That had been her antidote to Gaston the last time. Just focus!

She sighed as she pulled her eyes away from the microscope. She looked down at her notes and grimaced because she couldn't even read the data she'd just recorded. She'd have to run the whole sequence once again. But this time, she wouldn't let the image of Gaston ruin her focus, nor would she relive that kiss from earlier today get in her way.

With a deep, cleansing breath, she started the whole process over again, forcing her mind away from the man's strong hands, his muscular arms that she loved to feel around her, making her feel sexy and safe, cherished almost. Elana dropped a slide onto the counter, surprised that her mind had gone in that direction and she almost groaned with frustration. The only thing that stopped her was the curious stares from the others working nearby.

She had to get control of herself, she told herself firmly. This was crazy!

She worked all afternoon and well into the evening before she finally looked up to realize that she was the only person still in the lab. She glanced at her watch and noticed that it was already eight o'clock in the evening. With a sigh, she knew she needed to get out of here and head home. As she packed up her bag and locked down her equipment, she considered the various dinners she might make tonight.

She was just starting her beat up old car when her cell phone rang. Thinking it might be Gaston calling to check on her again, she tensed. But it wasn't the number he'd used before so her body relaxed again. She didn't recognize the phone number so she sent it to voice mail, then pulled out of her parking space.

Heading home, her mind went through possible meals and, on impulse, she stopped by the grocery store and picked up fresh fruit and vegetables, some milk and cheese and some pasta. She was doing Italian tonight. She passed by the rice and saffron spice, her mind immediately thinking of Gaston and his preference for Paella. She remembered the first time he'd taken her to one of the seaside restaurants and they'd shared a huge serving of the fragrant dish, stuffed with jumbo shrimp, mussels, scallops and even a spicy sausage that added just enough zing to the meal. And the wine had been crisp and refreshing....Gaston really knew how to pick a wine that would perfectly compliment any meal.

Just because she wanted to and not for any reason that had to do with Gaston, she strolled through the wine section, her fingers running along the reds and wondering which bottle might go well with a pasta meal.

When her phone rang once again, she picked it up out of her purse and glanced at the number again, her eyebrows furrowing when the same, strange number came up. Once again, she pressed the 'ignore' button and went back to perusing the wines. She had no idea which wines would be better. Her father had preferred a glass of Scotch with his meal, never really getting into the whole wine business. He'd served it when he entertained, but she hadn't been allowed to taste it when she was younger.

A smile formed on her face when she thought back to the first time she'd gone out to dinner with Gaston. She hadn't accepted the glass of wine at that meal because she was underage. She actually chuckled out loud at the memory of his expression. He was stunned that she wasn't legally able to drink a glass of wine with dinner. He hadn't kissed her that night, or the next three dates. But in the end, their attraction for each other had overcome his need to treat her like a friend.

That kiss....she'd thought about that first kiss so often over the years. His eyes when he realized he wasn't going to be able to deny himself that night, her smile of invitation, her need to feel him, to taste him and touch him had been overwhelming.

With a gasp, Elana looked around, noticing that she was still in the grocery store and she'd been smiling off into space, looking like a strange woman with a bizarre expression on her face.

When she saw that another woman was looking at her as if she'd just lost her mind, Elana grabbed the first bottle of wine she saw and dumped it into her cart then quickly headed for the checkout line.

Back in her car, she drove home to her apartment and lugged her groceries up the stairs. It was almost eight thirty and a part of her wondered if she really wanted to cook this late at night. Then she remembered Gaston's comment about her lack of a meal the previous night and she set about boiling the water and mixing up the sauce. By the time she had the garlic sizzling in the oil and the vegetables stirred in, she was glad that she'd decided to cook tonight. It had been too long since she'd done this, she thought with a smile as she tasted the red sauce before adding in a bit more fresh basil.

The hard knock on her door startled her, but she wiped her hands on the dish rag and moved cautiously towards the door to her apartment. Glancing out through the peep hole, she almost jumped out of her skin when she saw Gaston standing there, staring right back at her.

"Open the door, Elana!" he snapped at her.

How did he know that she was standing here?

Angrily, she considered just ignoring him. He could stand out there and rot for all she cared. She'd told him this afternoon that she didn't want him in her apartment and here he was! How rude could that man be?

"Open the door now or I'll just stand out here and make noise. You know I don't bluff either."

With irritation, she yanked open the door and glared at him. "Didn't I mention this afternoon that I don't want you here?"

He ignored her, pushing past her as he walked into the apartment. "And I don't care. You didn't answer my calls so I had to come over here and figure out if you were safe."

"I didn't get..." she stopped herself from telling him that she hadn't received his calls but there had been those two phone calls from an unknown phone number. "I don't have to answer my phone and you don't need to keep looking in after me!"

After looking through her apartment and ascertaining that she was alone, he turned around and glared at her, his hands on his lean hips as he confronted the woman who had distracted him all afternoon. He wasn't sure if he was angrier with her for ignoring his calls or with himself for his inability to focus after their lunch. "So you purposely ignored my phone calls? If you'd just answered the phone and told me that you were okay, then I wouldn't be here checking up on you," he snapped, irritated that he even cared. But he'd seen her car in the parking lot around eight o'clock and wanted to make sure that she was leaving earlier than her normal midnight. But she hadn't answer her phone again and his mind started to think of all the problems a single woman could run into late in the evening. Elana was too distracted most of the time to be aware of any dangers.

With a sigh, he rubbed his hand over his face. She was okay, he told himself. She looked vibrant and amazing and so sexy he could barely keep his hands from reaching for her.

Suddenly, he smelled the garlic and looked around, his eyes darting into the kitchen. He walked to her doorway, ignoring her outstretched hands that tried to push him back and away from her kitchen. "You're cooking pasta?" he asked, looking down into her worried eyes. He grinned. "I'd love some. Thanks for asking."

Elana whipped her hands away from his chest and shook her head. "You're not staying!" she gasped. She started to block his way once again, but he only grabbed her around the waist and almost carried her with him as he moved to the stove. "This smells delicious," he said and glanced to the left. "You even bought wine?"

He picked up the bottle and read the label. "Pretty good choice," he commented, looking down into her anxious eyes. "Where are the plates?" he asked, but again, he didn't bother waiting. He put the bottle of wine down on the counter and started opening cabinets.

"Gaston, don't you have some beautiful blond woman waiting to do your bidding? Shouldn't you be on your way?" She quickly stepped to the left after he set down two plates on the counter. "What are you looking for now?"

"Wine glasses," he said, not even bothering to answer her other question.

"Gaston, you can't stay here!" she cried out when he pulled down two glasses. It took him only moments to find her bottle opener, probably because she didn't have a whole lot of drawers or even a lot of items in the drawers. Since she'd practically been in social hibernation for the past seven years, she hadn't accumulated a great many items for her kitchen, not needing much when she normally had a peanut butter sandwich or a yogurt as her meal.

"The pasta looks done," he pointed out as he turned the corkscrew down into the cork, then easily pulled it out. He poured the wine into the two glasses and looked carefully at the color of the wine.

Elana pulled her eyes away from his strong, capable hands and looked at her boiling pasta. Sure enough, the pasta was perfectly cooked and she strained the spaghetti out into the sink. With resignation, she put enough pasta on both plates, then spooned the sauce on top, adding a generous amount of cheese to both. She pulled out the salad she'd already cut up and split it into two bowls, then carried it all over to the table. There were stacks of books and reports everywhere, so she set the plates down on the counter so she could unload the table. Once the area was cleared up, she set the plates on opposite sides of the table, ignoring Gaston's smirk when she didn't put the plates next to each other.

"I was planning to clean this weekend," she said as an explanation to the messy apartment.

He shook his head as he sat down across from her. "No you're not. You're coming to the lake house with me. I told you that earlier today and nothing has changed."

She sat down in the chair and picked up the fork he gave her. "I'm not a child, Gaston. You don't need to make sure that I eat meals. I've survived without you quite well over the past few years."

Gaston looked around her apartment as well as letting his eyes wander down her too slender figure, shaking his head. "You've barely survived, Elana. And you know it."

She didn't bother to look around, knowing all the stacks of stuff she'd accumulated. "So I'm a messy person. Get over it."

"You're not messy," he countered firmly. "You used to be super organized and ready to tackle any challenge." He looked down at her as he took a sip of wine. "What happened to you?"

Elana pushed the hair out of her eyes, hurt that he hadn't noticed the changes in her appearance. She thought she'd done a good job of pampering herself slightly, trying to look more professional.

He immediately noticed the hurt look and frowned. "It isn't your hair or your clothes, Elana. The sparkle that used to be in your eyes is gone. And you're still not sleeping well." He reached out and touched the dark circles still under her eyes that he could see despite the concealer she used each morning. "What's going on? Are you still worried about the funding?"

She shook her head, twirling her fork in the pasta. "No. I'm not worried about that at all. You said you'd provide the funding for my work and you never go back on your word." She froze, her hand in mid twirl and her whole body tense as she thought back to some of the promises they'd made together. "Well, not recently that I know of," she said bitterly. They'd had dreams together. She remembered the day they'd sat on a picnic blanket and talked about the things they wanted out of life. They'd made promises that day. Not in so many words, but in the looks and the conversation, the way he'd held her close with his strong arms wrapped around her and the way his lips nuzzled her neck.

Those dreams were gone now. And here was her reality. She looked around at her messy apartment and wondered how she'd lived like this for so long.

That was definitely going to change, she told herself firmly. "Anyway, why were you worried about me tonight?" She took a big bite of the cheesy pasta, savoring the wonderful taste filled with garlic and spices.

"Because you seemed so distracted when you walked into the building after our lunch together. And I looked out my office window at eight o'clock and that ridiculous excuse for a car was still sitting in the parking lot. I was...concerned that you might have had trouble getting home."

She couldn't stop the warm sensation that flooded through her at his apprehension. It was very sweet of him, and completely unexpected. "Well," she said, then had to clear her throat because some silly lump had lodged there. "Well, thank you for your worry, but as you can see, I'm fine. And I'm eating, so you won't feel the need to take me out to lunch tomorrow."

"But I'm still picking you up tomorrow evening," he stated and he wasn't taking any arguments there.

Elana sighed and decided to enjoy her pasta despite his presence. She looked down and took another bite. "So...what were you working on so late tonight?" she asked. She refused to be concerned about his work habits. She knew that he didn't used to work so late into the evening because she'd been with him almost every night except for the times when she had to study. And even many of those nights, she was with him although she'd have her books out on her lap while he went over whatever reports he was working on. Seven years ago, he would pull her down onto his sofa, making sure there was no space between them and his arm was wrapped around her shoulder, holding her close while they worked on their separate issues. Now they sat across the table from each other while she tried to maintain as much distance as possible.

"There is a large acquisition that is scheduled to be announced next week. We're just making sure all the legal documents are signed and accurate now. This is the final stage of the acquisition."

"What troubled, ineptly managed company are you pulling into your empire now?" she asked, trying to appear casual, but she was actually fascinated, always had been by the way he worked. He used to tell her about his plans, the way he would maneuver people into his net before closing the trap. And afterwards, he would generally make sure that everyone felt as if they wanted to be in the trap. He used to explain that happy employees made for higher productivity so there wasn't any point in acquiring a hostile company if it could be avoided.

"I can't discuss it," he replied, sipping his wine and looking over at her lovely, if startled features. Did she really think he would discuss a multi-billion dollar deal with someone like her who thought morals could come and go at her whim? He wasn't that much of a fool any longer.

Elana shrugged, but lowered her eyes so he couldn't see how hurt she was by his distrust. "I understand. There's a lot of money at stake. You can't be too careful." She pushed her plate back, no longer hungry but she picked up her wine glass and took a long sip. "When will it be announced?"

"We'll go public with the information next Monday. Until then, there's too much that the other company could lose if it became public." Why was he trying to soothe her? He shouldn't care if she was hurt by his lack of trust, he told himself. She'd put herself into this position by lying to him and cheating on him with another man. After her betrayal, he vowed never to put himself into a vulnerable position with her, or anyone else again.

"I hope it goes well," she said, genuinely proud of all he had accomplished. He was one of the 'good' employers who genuinely cared about his staff and it showed in the profits he was able to produce for his investors. If he happened to be one of the main investors in his corporation, all the better for him. His philosophy carried a great deal of weight with all of his managers, but other businesses tried to imitate his business model although none were able to achieve the same level of success. "So tell me about tomorrow night. What's so important about the evening?"

He shrugged and finished off his spaghetti. "This is really good," he said as he savored the last bite. "You were always a great cook. Why did you stop cooking?"

She lifted her plate and brought it into the kitchen to wash. "What's the point of cooking for only one person?" she asked as she pulled out the scrub brush from underneath the sink.

He was right behind her, watching her carefully. "Then why don't you have someone come in and put meals into your fridge or your freezer? It would make life a little easier and give you meals that are healthy and easy to heat up."

She glanced over her shoulder at him as if he'd grown a second head. "I can't afford a service like that." She shook her head as she went back to washing the dishes.

"Why doesn't your father do that for you?"

She laughed and looked back at him, easier now since he was leaning against the counter right next to her. It wasn't good though because his shoulders were too close. All of him was too close, actually. "We've already discussed this when you showed contempt for my happy abode, Gaston. My father has his own life. He doesn't support me, nor should he."

His eyes darkened with her response and he shook his head. "A man has the right to ensure that his daughter is safe and healthy," he grumbled, obviously disagreeing with her. "Has he seen where you live? And has he seen how much weight you've lost?"

She shrugged her shoulders, implying that her father's opinion wasn't relevant. "I visited my father just last week. I had dinner with him and we spoke about the funding."

"Which brings up another issue. Why didn't he provide for your funding? Why did he force you to go around to other agencies and find the resources on your own?"

She dropped the scrub brush and turned to face him. "You really don't get this independence thing, do you? How would you feel if your mother did everything for you? If she cooked her meals for you, chose your clothing, told you where to live...?" She waited for some sign that she was getting through to him but he just looked back at her as if he were still trying to figure out why her father wasn't taking better care of her.

His hands on his hips, he glared right back at her. "No. I get it. I just know that I wouldn't let my daughter live like this."

She sighed and shook her head. "I think you just contradicted yourself, Gaston." She finished drying the last of the dishes and started wiping down the counters. When she finished all the other areas, there was only the section where he was leaning against and she glared at him. "Excuse me," she said with sarcasm. "And by the way, I've already eaten. Don't you have some place to go? Like your own place?" she asked pointedly.

He laughed softly. "Trying to get rid of me?" He could see the slight shaking of her hands as she held the towel. She was just as aware of him as he was of her.

He reached out and pulled her closer, taking the towel out of her hands and looking at her fingernails, his thumb rubbing against the nails.

Elana wanted to curl her fingers up, to hide the broken nails that hadn't been filed or buffed in years. "I think you should go."

"I think I should kiss you."

She tried to pull back, but he wouldn't release her hands. "I think that would be an extremely bad idea."

"Why is that?" he asked softly. His hands shifted from holding her fingers to wrapping gently but firmly around her wrists, pulling her towards him.

Elana wanted to fight him, but his touch was sapping her strength and her mind had stopped functioning efficiently about two minutes ago. Her whole body felt heavy, needy and desperate.

His thumb rubbed the underside of her wrists gently, sending tingles of excitement up her arms, then shooting down her body to pool in the pit of her stomach. "Your heart is pounding out of control, Elana. You want this too, don't you?"

"No. You're misinterpreting my reactions," she said frantically.

He smiled slightly as he shook his head. "I don't think so. And I've wanted to kiss you from the first moment I walked through your door. You've wanted that too, haven't you?"

She took in a shaky breath and closed her eyes. "Gaston, why are you doing this?" she begged, wishing she could simply step back from him but her fingers were already resting against his massive chest, itching to touch him, to feel the strong muscles underneath the fabric of his shirt. "We couldn't hold it together the last time. Why are you even trying to pretend that it will work this time? We don't like each other which is kind of the whole point, isn't it?" Her brain ordered her feet to step out of his arms, but for some reason her feet were ignoring her brain's commands.

His hands ran up her back, sending shivers everywhere. "I don't think our bodies care what the point is. I think both of us just want to alleviate this burning need that has flared up between us."

"I care," she said, but he ignored her. His mouth covered hers, pushing away all the other arguments she was going to make which would give her the strength to push him away. She couldn't even claim that she resisted his kiss because as soon as his lips touched hers, she was lost, desperate to feel his touch and lifting her head to meet him.

He wasn't asking this time either. His mouth was demanding, the pressure increasing when she seemed to pull back. But he'd been misinterpreting her actions because she wasn't pulling back, just shifting her head and her body to get a better angle, to deepen the kiss. Secretly, she'd longed for this ever since earlier today when he'd kissed her before their lunch. She'd wanted to see if it had been real, if the feelings he'd evoked within her had been as intense as she'd remembered. And she hadn't just imagined those feelings. In fact, now that they were alone, in her apartment without the possibility of interruption, she thought that perhaps this kiss might be more intense.

Her fingers splayed over his chest, moving upwards around his shoulders and touching those muscles underneath the tailored shirt. In the back of her mind, the part that wasn't shivering from reaction, she realized that she'd been correct. His muscles were bigger, the areas on him that had always been strong were now bulging, showing that he had increased those workouts that had exhausted her while she'd watched him. With a whimper of need, her hands floated down his shoulders to his arms, curling around those biceps that, despite her better judgment, had fascinated her when she'd first seen him.

She wasn't sure how it happened, but suddenly she was no longer standing on the floor of her kitchen but was instead sitting on the countertop with her legs wrapped around his waist and he was leaning into her, his body pressing against her intimately and she was gasping for breath as he kissed his way down her neck, along her shoulders and lower. His mouth found her breast, unerringly discovering her nipple through the fabric of her red sweater and bra but his hands quickly rectified that issue by pulling the sweater over her head and tossing it behind him onto the floor of her kitchen.

Elana didn't care. She was too overwhelmed by the heat that surged through her when his hands came back to her body without the impediment of fabric to slow him down. His fingers slid the strap of her bra down off her shoulder, which released the tension in the fabric covering her breast and he took full advantage of that issue. One finger slid down inside, rubbing against the taut peak and sending lightning bolts of fire down through her body and into her core, making her wiggle against him. She pressed her core closer, rubbing against the hardness she had found and trying to assuage the intense need, the almost painful desire that was coursing through her.

And then he stopped!

Elana pulled back and looked up at him, her eyes almost tearing up with the need to have him continue. "What's wrong?" she asked, her voice barely registering.

Gaston took a deep breath, flexing his hands against her beautiful, white skin that felt softer than satin and more amazing than he remembered. But this wasn't his goal, he told himself. He had to keep in mind why he was with her and what the ultimate goal was. He couldn't let himself be distracted by her beauty and her scent. He knew he could have her, eager and willing, but she'd never speak to him afterwards.

He shook his head, trying to come up with a reasonable answer for stopping. They were adults and there really was no real reason to stop, except for his mission which he couldn't reveal to her.

He took a deep breath, trying hard to get his body back under control. "I want this," he said with firmness so she wouldn't misinterpret his intentions. Or at least she wouldn't suspect him of his real intentions. "But not like this," he said. "There's too much anger between us and I don't want that. When I take you to bed," he said, putting a finger over her mouth because he'd used 'when' instead of 'if' but in his mind, intimacy was a foregone conclusion between the two of them. "When I take you to bed," he started once again, "I want it to be real. I don't want you thinking about any of your old boyfriends or any man in the lab that might be interesting. I want your whole focus to be on me."

Elana blinked, trying to interpret his words. She was still sitting on the counter, trying to rein in the raging desire that his hands and mouth had created within her and she didn't like the fact that he'd called a halt to their lovemaking.

And then his words hit her. He didn't want her to be thinking of any other man? Why would he even say something like that? Had she said something when he was kissing her that would indicate that she wasn't completely into the moment?

As soon as that thought struck her, the reality of the situation broke through her passion drugged mind. She'd just allowed...no, begged Gaston to touch her, to kiss her and she had been a full participant in the activity. How could she be so weak? Why hadn't she stood by her principals and ordered him out of her apartment? She was embarrassed that she hadn't stopped him herself and she now felt weak and ridiculous. "I don't care what you want," she said and pushed off of the counter, shaking with the impact of what they'd just done. "I want you out of here," she said firmly, turning her back to him as she grabbed her sweater and pulled it back over her head.

When she felt his hands on her shoulders, she stiffened and tried to pull away but he tightened his grip on her shoulders, keeping her there, so close to him that she could feel his heat against her back.

"We're going to make love, Elana. You need to stop fighting this. We can't do that anymore, but I want all of you," he stated. "We're not doing a repeat of seven years ago."

She spun around, ready to confront him, but he just saluted her before he grabbed his jacket and a moment later, he was gone. She looked around her apartment, feeling as if her world had just been spun around by a tornado. And it had nothing to do with the way she had books and papers stacked up everywhere. It had everything to do with the way Gaston always made her feel when she was in his presence for more than a few minutes. The man was diabolical, she thought with anger rising up.

She looked at her apartment once again and was actually embarrassed by what she saw. This was not her, she thought with anger and resentment at what she'd allowed herself to become. Gaston had been correct earlier in the evening when he'd said that she was organized and careful. And this room was chaos! She had no organization, no control in her life. Maybe that's why Gaston could simply walk into her apartment and touch her once and she would melt like butter in his hands.

In the back of her mind, she knew that her conscience was transferring her focus to the mess in her apartment so she didn't have to deal with the scene with Gaston. The mess in her apartment was easy to deal with so she looked for a starting point. Gaston on the other had was impossible to deal with. She didn't understand him, couldn't wrap her mind around what he wanted anymore. There had been a time when she thought she knew him better than anyone. But he was a stranger now. A stranger that came into her life and tossed things around so that she was so confused she didn't know what was happening. And that scared her.

With determination, she started attacking the papers that were littered everywhere. She hated this! Bending down, she picked up a stack of papers that were just shoved into a file folder. As she sifted through all of them, she realized that they didn't even match the file folder name. Now that her dining room table was cleared off, she took the papers and started sorting them, making piles of the various research she'd done over the past several years. There was even a pile for things that were irrelevant. Good grief, when had she started accumulating junk mail?

For the next six hours, she sorted, sifted, piled and compiled the papers all over her apartment. At one point, she even rushed out to the all-night drug store and found a shredder, more manila folders and storage bins. By the time she finally called a halt in the early hours of the morning, she felt cleansed! Her apartment looked amazing! There were still books everywhere, but the papers had made the whole place look messy. The stacks of books definitely didn't help, but with the ragged papers all sorted and filed away in the large storage bins or shredded and bagged up in a recycle bin, the place looked almost neat.

She curled up on her sofa, enjoying the newness of her environment. She didn't realize when she'd fallen asleep, but her ringing cell phone wasn't something she was going to ignore any longer. As soon as she moved to answer the phone, she knew that she hadn't made it to her bed. The sofa was comfortable, but it definitely wasn't a piece of furniture that one wanted to sleep on forever.

With a crick in her neck and some not so subtle pains in her back, she searched for her cell phone. The number on the small screen was the same as last night and she remembered how Gaston had come over simply because he hadn't been able to find her.

"Hello?" she answered, pushing her hair out of her eyes.

"Where the hell are you?" Gaston demanded. No greeting, no good morning or apology for last night. Just the newest demand and in that arrogant tone that always irritated her.

"I would love to tell you that I'm sitting on a sandy beach with a mohito in my hand, but you probably know exactly where I am." She let out a deep yawn, filling her lungs with much needed oxygen.

"And you couldn't have picked up the phone to let me know that you weren't coming into the lab today?"

"What are you talking about?" she mumbled, padding her way into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. Once again, she looked around and noticed how nice everything looked now that she'd cleaned up so much of the chaos.

Gaston's sigh came through the phone and Elana pictured him running a frustrated hand through his thick, black hair. "I'm talking about the fact that it's already eleven o'clock in the morning and you haven't bothered to show up!"

Elana looked at the clock over her stove and gasped. "Oh no! I'm so sorry Gaston! I'll get to the lab immediately," she said, rushing about and pulling off her clothes so she could take a quick shower.

She heard him sigh again a moment before he called out her name. "Elana, just stay home today. You've been working three times the hours of everyone else and you need the break. I'm sorry to have woken you if you were finally getting some sleep. Just take the day off and rest."

She looked down at the phone, wondering what was going on. "I don't need to rest, Gaston. I can be at the lab in less than an hour."

He chuckled at her insistence, a deep, rumbling sound that made her heartbeat increase. "No, you can't, Elana. Just take the day off. You have to work tonight with all of these board members so just relax. Go out and get a manicure or whatever it is you women do to treat yourself and I'll pick you up at six o'clock." He was about to say goodbye when something occurred to him. "Elana, do you have something appropriate for tonight? Do you have a cocktail dress?"

Elana was still confused and she really didn't want to spend the evening in his company. And what's worse, she definitely didn't want him to come back here tonight to pick her up. She didn't want him even remotely close to her, much less back once again in her private space after what had happened last night in her kitchen. The man was just too big and too male for her tiny apartment and she was finding that she didn't have any resistance when he touched her.

She ran a hand through her hair, wanting to avoid him coming back into her apartment. "Gaston, please just let me meet you at the event. There's no need to drive all the way over here just to pick me up."

"Elana, take the day off and relax. And don't you dare be anywhere else but at that apartment waiting for me or so help me, I'll pick you up and bring you to my place for the next month just so I know where you are." He hung up after that and Elana stared at the phone, wondering why he was so angry. Technically, she didn't really work for him. And he was right, she'd been working long hours and most weekends for a long time. It wasn't like her to take a day off, but if she wanted to, she wasn't going to do it simply because he'd told her to!

Although, she had a schedule that she'd submitted along with her proposal and she was way ahead of that time table. Her results already were fantastic so as long as she finished on time and on budget, which it was turning out she was actually going to be ahead of schedule and under budget, she really shouldn't worry about taking a day off.

One thought occurred to her as she laid the cell phone down on the now-clear coffee table in front of her. How had he discovered that she wasn't at work? She stood in the middle of her apartment pondering these questions and it occurred to her that she really wanted to take the day off today. She wanted to clean up the rest of her apartment so she didn't lose the momentum that had built up last night. And since he'd basically ordered her to do just that, she smiled and almost bounced into the kitchen to start the coffee maker as she accepted his order for once. She'd take the day off, maybe even buy some cheap shelves to store all of her books so she could at least get them off of her apartment floor.

And when was the last time she'd bothered to vacuum? Did she even have a vacuum? These were all interesting questions that were probably going to negatively impact her savings account. But after cleaning up the papers last night, she simply couldn't stop getting things under control.

She sifted through her old dresses first, pulling on one black sheath dress with sparkly spangles all over the front and back. When she surveyed her figure in the dress, accepting that it would suffice for the night, if perhaps being a bit on the sexy side, she jumped into the shower, then pulled her hair into a loose pony tail, grabbed an old pair of jeans and a tee-shirt before heading out the door.

It was time to regain control of her life. An hour later, she was lugging the shelves up the stairs to her apartment. She'd bought three of them, not to mention a relatively expensive vacuum cleaner. She thought about going cheap on the vacuum, but since she hadn't used one in her apartment since she'd moved in over two years ago, she knew it would require a great deal of power to get through the grime that had accumulated. Now that she thought about it, she was more than a little disgusted with the way she'd been living.

Putting the shelves together was relatively simple. After assembly, stacking the books up, all in a very specific order by subject, felt enormously wonderful. When she was finished, she surveyed her new digs and was surprised at how much extra space she actually had. She dusted, vacuumed, sorted and cleaned every surface until the whole place shined and smelled clean once again.

Elana looked around and felt more than satisfied, wanted to do more, but knew it was past the time when she should be getting back into the shower. She needed to get ready for the night but as she surveyed her space, she catalogued all the items she'd like to replace. She wanted new, colorful pillows for her sofa and pretty curtains, things to brighten up the apartment. The garage sale items she'd been using were still serviceable, but they looked like they'd been owned by about five other people before her. The color of her carpet was also transformed by the vacuum, making the apartment feel much larger now that the color was brighter, crisper with the dust gone.

Her sofa wasn't anything to brag about. The tan color wasn't really her style, but it was comfortable and sturdy. Nothing a good throw blanket couldn't fix, she told herself as she jumped back into the shower and scrubbed herself with scented soap and shampoo, trying to get the dust off from her day of cleaning.

Out of the shower, she dug through her shelves and actually found some scented lotion. She smoothed it over her arms and legs, not because she wanted to do anything nice for Gaston though. It had absolutely nothing to do with the way he used to comment about how good she smelled. No, the use of the rose scented lotion was for her own benefit. She'd been smelling dust all day long, and even last night so her hands were sore from being dry and her nostrils were filled with the scent of dirt and dust. She simply wanted to feel and smell something clean now.

Drying her hair, she considered pulling it up and letting the curls around her neck float freely, but when she saw herself in the mirror, she thought it might look a bit too seductive and left it down. Then she remembered how much Gaston preferred her hair down around her neck and she pulled it back up, pinning it in various places. She bit her lip as she surveyed her appearance in the mirror. Was the dress too short on her legs? Or too low cut? Was her hair too sexy? She ran to her closet to slip the shoes on, then changed them for a pair of lower heels. When she looked at her appearance again, the shoes looked dumpy compared to the shimmery dress. So she slipped the other shoes back on. She should take off the black stockings, she thought. But were bare legs any better?

With a groan of disgust, she turned away from the mirror and put on her simple pearl earrings. The only other jewelry she wore was her watch, ignoring the rest of her jewelry box because she already felt like she was trying too hard.

The man wouldn't even be with her, she thought angrily. She would be expected to mingle around the room, talk to as many people as she could and let them know what her project was about, how the funding would work and how her ideas could benefit their company. She wouldn't have time to even discuss the issue with Gaston around because, if things went as they had at previous events like this, he would have his own agenda. He probably had things he wanted the board members to approve which were completely separate from her issues. So they would most likely be on opposite ends of the room. In fact, probably everyone at tonight's event would be trying to convince everyone else that their priorities were more important.

When the doorbell rang, she stared at it as if he might be able to see her frantic state. It wasn't the fact that he'd arrived to pick her up, she told herself as she gathered her courage and straightened her shoulders. It was just that she hadn't done this kind of thing in a long time. It was all part of the job and everyone tonight would be on their best behavior. She had to do this. She could do this. She would just stay on the opposite side of the room from Gaston and explain her work in a professional, concise and friendly manner, gaining support for her project, justifying Gaston's faith in her.

Filling her lungs as deeply as possible, she held her breath for a moment, then released it all in a whoosh. It was an old trick she'd learned to release the tension in her back and shoulders before a particularly difficult test or review.

Somehow, the exercise didn't work as well with Gaston standing on the other side of her apartment door. He was like a looming lion, just waiting to pounce.

Which was a ridiculous image, she told herself. She could handle him.

Right, just like she'd handled him the previous two times he'd pulled her into his arms?

Okay, so she needed to stay out of his arms and just keep her distance. Easy task since she'd be talking to as many board members as possible tonight. No worries, she told herself, taking another deep breath and letting this one out a bit more slowly.

The doorbell rang once more and she stepped forward to answer it. She jumped when the man impatiently knocked on her door just as she swung it open. "I'm here," she almost snapped, but the vehemence in her voice stopped when she caught sight of the man in her doorway and she just stood there, staring.

He looked....amazing, she thought. His dark suit, the snowy white shirt and the grey silk tie just looked startlingly handsome on his muscular frame. She wanted to reach out and touch him, to run her hands over the dark material and see his eyes light up with desire. She wanted to smooth her hand down the shiny tie, all the way down to his waist and have him catch her wrist with a soft chuckle.

She blinked and stepped backwards when she realized what she was actually doing, breathing deeply to try and control her mind. "You look very handsome," she said, her voice sounding lower than normal.

Gaston stepped into the apartment and the surprise on his face showed instantly. "You've cleaned up," he said, stating the obvious.

Elana looked around, smiling at the newly organized room. "Yep. It looks much better, doesn't it?"

"Much better," he agreed, his eyes moving from all the extra space she'd uncovered and back to her. She looked stunning tonight. That dress made all of her curves look soft and sensuous and her hair pulled up like that revealed her beautiful, elegant neck. He wanted to ignore the party tonight and just hide her away from anyone who might get the wrong idea. Ideas such as leaning down and kissing that sexy neck of hers. Like feeling her body shivering as he trailed his fingers down her bare arm or slowly unzipping that dress and peeling it off of her incredible figure. Damn, he wanted to find out what she was wearing underneath that dress. Then he wanted to peel that off of her as well.

Gaston cleared his throat and looked into the kitchen. It appeared immaculate, if drab. She might have cleaned up, but she hadn't added that burst of color he remembered she used to surround herself with. He'd always thought her colors were perfect. None of them ever matched, but somehow, they always seemed to pull a room together.

"Are you ready to go?" he asked.

She pulled a black, ruffled pashmina out of her closet and wrapped it around her arms, tossing one end over her shoulder. "I think so," she replied, opening her small, beaded black bag and checking to make sure she had her keys, lipstick and wallet. "Yes. I'm definitely ready to go."

Gaston shifted slightly. He had been ready to go. Then she'd opened the damn door! Now he wasn't ready to go anywhere but into her bedroom. Damn, she even smelled good! What had she done today? Why had he encouraged her to take the day off? She'd cleaned up and pulled things together. She'd been a distraction before all of this but seeing her now, smelling her soft, delicate, feminine scent, he was having a hard time controlling his need to pick her up, toss her over his shoulder and carry her into her bedroom.

He had to remind himself of the picture that her father had shown him all those years ago. But as he walked behind her, that dress showing off her very round, very cute derriere, he was hard pressed to picture the image in his mind. The man's features had faded over time, and now those images were further repressed by his body's need and her presence which was complicating his whole plan.

As she descended the stairs, turning the corner to take the next level, her eyes glanced up at him. He caught the worried expression and something inside of him uncurled. How could this woman who had tormented his mind and his body for so many years with her faithlessness, just with her appearance and the innocent look about her, make him start to forget what she'd done? She'd cheated on him with someone who wasn't even remotely like him. Why wasn't he remembering that right now instead of trying to move closer and smell that soft, rose scent of hers?

The drive over to his place was almost torture. The smaller confines of his black sedan didn't let any of her delicate scent dissipate so he felt surrounded by her. It wrapped around his brain and wouldn't let go. He actually had trouble concentrating on the conversation. He had to focus because she seemed worried about the evening ahead. She was asking all kinds of questions about the various people who would be there, trying to find out what they were like and who they were, how they were connected with each other and why he chose each person to sit on his board of directors.

He appreciated what she was trying to do, but he wished she'd just shut up so he could get control of his body once again. Her sweet voice wasn't helping because he also knew that she was very vocal when she was in the throes of passion and his mind was torn between answering her questions and trying to figure out what he could do to get her to make one of those sweet sounds in the next few moments.

In the confines of the elevator, he gave up the challenge. At least in the car, his hands were occupied steering the vehicle and his mind had to concentrate to a certain point on getting them from her apartment to his penthouse safely. But now, as the doors closed them into his private elevator, he couldn't hold back the need to hold her in his arms once again, to feel her soft breasts against his chest. So when he reached for her, he was actually surprised that she moved into his arms without hesitation. But he didn't care either. He wanted her and she was willing. He didn't have the time or the concentration to figure her out at the moment. His mouth covered hers and she lifted her face to accept his kiss.

Elana sighed with happiness when he finally reached out and grabbed her waist. His hands were hard and firm as he pulled her against him but she didn't care. Her hands were already up around his neck, her body pressing against his. She wasn't resisting. In fact, she was making it painfully hard to pull back so when the elevator doors opened, he was relieved that he'd picked her up early so there weren't any witnesses to their abbreviated embrace.

"We're here," he said softly, lifting his head but not releasing her from his arms. He held her like that for a long moment, his eyes looking down at her as if he wanted to memorize every part of her beautiful face.

"We have to stop doing this," she said softly, but she didn't pull back either. She seemed perfectly content to just stay in his arms, right there in the elevator.

"Why do we have to stop?" he asked, thinking that he wanted to do this more often rather than stop it completely. In fact, he wanted to pull her into his bed and not let her out for several days. Maybe even weeks. He had no idea how long it would take to get her out of his system, he'd wanted her so long.

"Because it can't go anywhere. We broke up."

He smiled slightly as he took in their position. "It appears that we're back together."

He broke the spell with those words and she blinked a moment before stepping back, grateful when he allowed her the space. She walked out of the elevator, feeling as if she weren't really walking on solid ground. "We aren't back together, Gaston. I don't want to go through that trauma again."

He followed her and when she stopped, he took in her worried eyes. "Is that why you did it, Elana?"

She looked back up at him, confused. "Is what why I did what?" His question made no sense. It was almost as if he were blaming their breakup on her.

Unfortunately, the elevator pinged at that moment, announcing the arrival of additional guests. She knew that he introduced her to the newest group of people, but she had no idea who they were or even what they looked like. Her mind was completely focused on his last question, on trying to interpret what he'd asked her.

She suspected that it was incredibly important but he pressed a glass of champagne into her hand and she took a sip, wanting the chilled liquid to cool her skin. Unfortunately, it had the opposite effect on her focus. She'd forgotten to eat lunch earlier today so she had an empty stomach. The bubbly liquid plus nothing to absorb the alcohol immediately went to her brain and she was tipsy with only half a glass. By that point, the whole room was filled with people, more people than she'd anticipated. When Gaston had asked her to attend this function, she'd assumed it was a dinner just for the board of directors and their spouses. In fact, there were so many guests here, it was hard to move about.

Elana chatted with the other guests for two hours, careful to keep an eye on Gaston as he moved about the room so she could ensure she was on the opposite side of the area. Unfortunately, by that point she really was painfully hungry. There were waiters moving about with appetizers, but she couldn't seem to get their attention. And anytime she finally freed herself from one conversation, someone pulled her into another. It was overwhelming and gratifying to have so many people interested in her work, but she soon realized that it was only because Gaston had invested in her experiments. He'd basically put the seal of approval on her work, making others stand up and take a look at what she was doing.

She started to understand that their interest was a bit of a 'follow-the-leader' syndrome. All of these people worked hard to find out what Gaston was investing in so they could then follow his lead. Anything he touched seemed to reap huge returns so she just fit into that category of 'a good investment' that others wanted in on.

"Where are you trying to slip away to?" Gaston asked, slipping his arm around her waist when she was almost halfway to the elevator.

"I was just trying to get some fresh air," she said, sighing slightly and leaning against his strong physique. "How often do you throw these kinds of parties?" she asked, looking around at the various people all seeming to be having a wonderful time as they gulped down his alcohol and ate his appetizers.

"Too often," he growled. He looked down at her, at the half empty glass and her glossy eyes. "Have you eaten anything tonight?" he asked, correctly guessing that she was feeling the effects of the champagne.

"Not only have I not been able to flag down a waiter," she said with a grimace, "but I didn't eat anything for lunch. I'm starving!" she looked up at him and with hopeful eyes, she said, "Any chance you could get that guy's attention over there?" she asked, thinking that Gaston was taller and could more easily gain the waiter's attention.

He didn't even bother to glance in the other direction. "I'll do even better," he said and took her hand in his larger one, pulling her behind him as he made his way through the crowds. He must have had a 'don't bother me' look because the people seemed to part like the Red Sea for Moses.

After pushing through a doorway, Elana had to blink at the brighter lights. The kitchen was bustling with wait staff hurrying everywhere as they filled up their trays with additional drinks or food before spinning around and heading back out to the crowd.

"Here," he said and handed her a plate filled with the delicious smelling appetizers. She didn't hesitate, grabbing one off of the top and popping it into her mouth. The stuffed mushroom tasted fantastic and she grabbed another, leaning against the granite countertop as she selected another one. "Where are we anyway?"

"My penthouse," he replied, watching her eat with fascination.

She almost choked on a seafood quiche. She blinked rapidly, trying to clear her airway. "This is where you live?" she asked, astonished. "It's like a palace!" She didn't mention it was a sterile palace with very little personality. It definitely didn't reflect the powerful man who had so many fantastic ideas. The environment was like a shell. It was cold and effective, but didn't have any of the heat of its owner.

He shrugged his shoulders. "It's where I sleep and entertain. I wouldn't really call it a home."

That comment brought back memories of sitting on a park bench talking about their dream house. He'd said he wanted to live by the sea so he could open the doors and windows to the fresh, ocean breezes as he slept. She'd said she wanted to have an enormous kitchen with an herb garden right outside the doors so she could have fresh herbs whenever she cooked.

They were both thinking about that memory, she realized. She dusted off her fingers and set the plate behind her. "Well, it's a very nice environment," she said politely, feeling awkward.

"We've both missed the mark on our dreams, haven't we?" he asked softly. His finger came up and caressed her cheek, the pad of his thumb rough against her skin.

"I guess so. But we're doing okay, right?" she asked hopefully.

He didn't answer immediately but finally he said, "Are we?"

She shivered as his finger ran down her cheek, caressing her neck. "I'm fine." She said the words, but they sounded almost defensive.

His head tilted slightly and she held her breath, wondering what he was going to say. But he didn't say anything. Instead, he bent lower, kissing her tenderly as if he were afraid that she might break.

Elana sighed and closed her eyes. "We can't do this again, Gaston," she said and was proud of herself when she took a step backwards. "We keep falling into each other's arms but then regret it once we are able to think clearly later."

He watched her carefully and she knew that he was debating whether to challenge her on the issue or not. She recognized the exact moment when he decided to let her have her space. This time.

"I don't regret anything that's happened in the past week, Elana," he said. "Take your plate and let's head back into the fray."

She laughed at his description of the party that was in full swing just one door away. He made it sound like they were going back into a war zone. As soon as they were back within the noisy din of over one hundred people milling about in his living room, Elana thought that perhaps she might be safer back in the kitchen with him. At least there she had the bright, overhead lights as well as the catering and wait staff to distract her.

Back out here, the strategic lighting made things dim and cozy despite the huge space filled with people. And these guests were too busy laughing and talking, chatting about various subjects and no one seemed to notice Gaston's hand at her back, or when it slipped up her spine almost making her spill her drink. She'd even switched to club soda just so she could keep her head about her, but Gaston's subtle touches and the way he would pull her body against his while they were talking still threw her off balance.

By the end of the night all she wanted to do was crawl up his chest and beg him to kiss her. It was only by sheer grit and determination that she found the willpower to slip away from him. He wasn't expecting it. In fact, she suspected that he was waiting for the rest of his guests to clear out of his home before he started a full out assault on her senses. And since his bedroom was right down one of the many hallways, she wasn't sure that they would have any way of avoiding the intimacy she craved.

Instead, she excused herself from the group, smiled up at Gaston politely and headed towards the hallway that she knew housed the bathroom. But instead of turning right that would take her to the restroom, she turned left and pressed the call button for the elevator, her hand shaking with the need to both run back to him and beg him to finish what he'd been doing all night, and also to get away before he discovered her departure.

As much as her body wanted her to give in to the sexual pull of Gaston, she would regret it deeply. She didn't want to become intimate with him. She didn't understand his game yet and she would be terribly hurt if he disappeared again on her after making love to her. Or more specifically, having sex with her. There wouldn't be any love involved with their connection. Gaston didn't love her any more than he had the last time they were together.

Down on the busy sidewalk, she gritted her teeth as she called for a cab to come pick her up. She was nervous and didn't have her wrap so she was cold on top of nerves that were shouting out conflicting needs. Thankfully, a cab arrived quickly and she dove into the back, giving her address to the driver before settling back against the broken upholstery. She breathed a sigh of relief when she had some space between herself and Gaston.

She bit her thumb nail, debating when to call him and let him know that she'd left the party. She had spoken to several of the board members, but all of them seemed to be completely on board with her project so there hadn't really been any reason for her to even attend tonight. Had Gaston purposely tricked her into attending? What was his plan? Why was he doing this to her?

She was starting to suspect that his arrival in her life once again was not an accident. She thought about talking with her father, but from past experience, her father hated Gaston. On several occasions, even before their breakup several years ago, her father had gone off in an angry tirade about how horrible Gaston was and how his family were all a bunch of criminals, liars and cheaters. It had become somewhat better right after his departure, but was that only because her father gotten what he wanted? He'd never approved of her relationship with Gaston, had always tried to point out Gaston's weaknesses, which at the time, she'd suspected he'd made up a great deal of them. Back then, she hadn't listened, hadn't cared about her father's opinion. Even after his departure, she couldn't bear to hear the man's name spoken so she'd simply walked out of any room in which her father was going on about Gaston and his merciless business practices.

So why had he shown up now? What had happened in Gaston's life that had changed to the point where he would actually look her up?

No matter how hard she tried, nothing seemed to make sense. With a sigh, she paid the driver when he reached her apartment, then walked slowly up the stairs. She didn't have the energy to go any faster, her mind too filled with doubts and confusing possibilities about Gaston and his intentions. Despite the cold, she didn't notice it as much because she kept trying to explain what appeared to be an unexplainable appearance.

When she was safely inside her apartment, she tossed off her shoes and pulled her cell phone out of her purse. Dialing the strange number from her cell phone's memory, she waited only two rings before he answered her call.

"Elana, are you okay? I can't find you."

Despite her confusion, her heart warmed to the sound of concern in his voice. "Yes, I'm okay. I just felt tired and left the party. I apologize for leaving without saying goodbye. I just...."

"You had to get away because you weren't sure if you could resist me tonight." He didn't ask. He simply stated that was the case.

Elana bit her lip, wondering how much to reveal. In the silence that followed his statement, she accepted that she had to be honest with him. "You're right. Things have changed and I didn't know if you would stop like you did seven years ago. And I wasn't sure if I would have wanted you to stop. So I thought it was better to just take myself out of the situation so that wasn't a question any longer."

"I never pictured you as someone who would run away."

She laughed harshly. "That's ironic coming from you, Gaston." She took a deep breath, not wanting to get into an argument. "Look, I don't want to fight. But I just had to leave. And I don't understand what's going on with you."

"That's easy enough to explain. I want you."

She almost gasped out loud at his bald statement, but she smothered her reaction at the last moment. "That's not going to happen Gaston. And you know exactly why."

"Let's talk about this when I pick you up tomorrow morning. It will be easier to discuss at my lake house where there aren't any distractions."

She was already shaking her head even before he finished speaking. "I'm not going to any lake house with you. I'm going to redecorate my apartment and fix it up a bit more. So you see? I'll be perfectly fine without you. Have a great time at the lake."

She hung up before he could respond, but she didn't care how rude it was of her. She was angry with him for assuming she would go with him, for touching her and making her desire him despite what he'd done, or what she hadn't done or any of those things.

She pulled off her dress, washed her face and brushed her teeth, getting ready for bed. The whole time, her body was tense, bracing herself for the sound of a knock indicating that he'd left his party to come over and demand an explanation. Or worse, to finish what they'd started before the party.

She shivered under the blanket as she stared up at the ceiling. It was almost midnight and she was exhausted, but she couldn't get her mind to stop thinking, wondering, trying to decipher his plan. In the end, because she couldn't come up with a reasonable explanation for his arrival back in her life, she pushed him from her mind and focused on what she would do with her apartment. By the time she'd thought up colors to paint her walls, she was slowly slipping off to sleep, grateful to have Gaston out of her mind.

The following morning she woke up feeling refreshed and invigorated. Glancing at the clock, she realized that it was well past nine o'clock in the morning. She smiled, wondering when the last time she'd slept that late. Well, besides yesterday which didn't really count since she'd been up half the night cleaning. It certainly hadn't occurred in the past year, she thought as she slid her legs out of bed. She pushed her hair out of her eyes and padded barefoot into her kitchen to start making some coffee.

She was sipping the dark brew when someone knocked on her door. With wide eyes and a shaking hand, she knew that it was Gaston. She couldn't see him, nor could she see his car, but she could just feel him on the other side of the doorway. The man sent out a surge of electricity that she couldn't seem to avoid.

She opened the door, standing there looking at him with her coffee in one hand and the other one gripping the door.

Gaston was startled to see her, suspecting that she was going to make him call out once again to get her to open the door. But here she was, standing there looking sexier than he could handle and his body tightened and hardened instantly as he took in the tiny, white cotton shirt and cute little pink shorts. The shirt was thin and small, hugging her obviously unencumbered breasts and giving him a very distinct impression of her nipples. The shirt hugged her tiny waist and revealed a flat stomach with the sexiest belly button he'd ever seen.

His eyes traveled lower, taking in her long, slender legs. Hell, even her feet turned him on!

When his eyes came back up to her face, a slow, leisurely pass once again up her body, his eyes were bright and intense, showing her the need to take her into his arms. As it was, his hands were braced on either side of her door jamb, his fingers gripping the sides to keep from walking in and taking her into his arms.

"If you don't go get some clothes on right now, I'm going to make love to you until we both can't walk straight," he said with a growl.

Elana had been frozen in place, her body standing there just taking his perusal and becoming hot and bothered by the way his eyes took in everything. She could even feel her breasts swelling, her nipples peaking and pressing against the thin fabric of her pajamas. But as soon as he spoke, she jumped and realized that she had been standing in her doorway, for all intents and purposes almost naked since her little pajamas really didn't hide much at all.

With a squeak, she jumped and spun around, heading towards her bedroom, almost spilling her coffee in an attempt to move faster. When her bedroom door closed, separating the two of them, she took a deep breath as she leaned against the solid wood, closing her eyes so that she didn't see that heat from his eyes, making her feel it right down to her bones.

She quickly changed into a pair of jeans and a tee-shirt, adding a bra along with it. She initially grabbed a pink bra with pretty lace along the top, but then thought about Gaston being outside in her den area and grabbed the boring tan one, the one that she would be embarrassed to have him see her in. She considered the ugliness of the bra as extra protection against the almost painful need that was pouring through her right now.

She pulled her hair back into a sloppy pony tail and rejected all her makeup, preferring to have him see her just like this, with no enhancement. More protection, she told herself.

Walking out a few minutes later, she took a deep breath to brace herself to see him again. Standing in the hallway, she watched him for a moment. His hands were braced on his hips and he was staring out the window at something. His shoulders looked tense and his whole body language seemed as if he were angry at something.

"Why are you here?" she asked, not daring to step out of the hallway. She was protected on two sides at least, which was better than nothing. Physical barriers might help in some way to help her fight this insane attraction she had to this man.

He swung around at the first sound of her voice and glared at her, almost making her flinch with the hostility she saw emanating from his eyes. "Why the hell would you answer your door like that? Were you expecting someone else? A boyfriend perhaps?"

She fisted her hands at her sides, furious at the implication that she was sleeping with someone. "For your information, I knew that you were on the other side of my door from the moment you banged on it. So whatever you are accusing me of, just drop it now. Understood?" She didn't care if he understood or not. She was furious and stomped over to her kitchen. "Besides, what I do in my apartment is my business and has nothing to do with you and your horrible mood swings!"

He swung her around a moment before she reached up to grab another coffee cup. "You may NOT see any other man. Do you understand?"

She understood only that he was issuing commands and she didn't like that at all. "I understand that you're an obnoxious jerk that I don't want in my life but just like a bad penny, you keep showing up and acting like you own me. Well I don't care about your stupid grant money!" She was so furious she was poking him in the chest with each word, livid that he would dare try and control her. "I can do without all of it! If you're going to treat me as if you own me, then just shove it!"

"This has nothing to do with the grant money and you damn well know it!" he growled. With a jerk, he pulled her into his arms, his mouth smothering her objections as he kissed her, grinding his mouth into hers and hurting her.

It took him several moments before he realized that she wasn't just resisting him. She was actually fighting him. And there were tears in her eyes and her small hands were pounding against his chest. When the reality of what he was doing hit him, he stopped and looked down at her, his thumbs reaching up to wipe the tears away.

Elana saw the surprise in his eyes and she took a deep breath, relieved that he'd finally stopped. And then she saw the light in his eyes change. It wasn't so much that he was happy. He was still furious, but this time when he kissed her, it wasn't hard. But it was just as terrifying, although in a completely different way. His tongue invaded her mouth, mastering her, controlling her with the desire he was igniting inside of her body instead of by brute strength. She didn't want this, she told herself. But her hands were no longer pounding against his strong muscles. Instead, they were grabbing onto his sweater, fisting in the fabric and holding him in place, afraid he might let her go and she would fall to the floor in a puddle of pathetic desire.

"Why?" she whispered, but even she wasn't sure what she was asking. Why was he here? Why was he kissing her? Or why had he left the first time? Or the question that kept racing through her mind, why should she trust him this time?

She shouldn't trust him, her brain kept telling her. But her body was asking how a man could be so tender and passionate when he felt nothing for her. And how could she feel such intensity when she didn't even like the man or trust him?

These were all questions that kept racing through her mind, pulling her back from the insanity that usually ensued whenever he touched her. For the first time, she found the inner strength to pull out of his arms. She was so proud of herself, feeling as if she'd conquered something as she looked up at him, her lips still tingling with the need to continue kissing him but she took a deep breath and stepped backwards. "I have a lot of work to do," she whispered, trying to put more strength into her words but it was hard with him standing there in front of her looking like he wanted nothing more than to take her into her bedroom.

Gaston knew that she was right. It was just hard to think with her looking like the most incredibly soft, delicate and attractive woman in the world. Without makeup, she looked lush and beautiful, even more stunning than normal and he ached to hold her again.

But he had to get a grip on his lust. He had a new plan, one that he'd developed last night after their abbreviated phone call. He'd lain in his huge bed last night, aching to have her next to him. But once he'd gotten his body under control, he knew that it was a good thing she'd left the party. He didn't want things between them to get out of hand. He wanted her in his bed, absolutely, but he wanted to control the night. He wanted her to be the one swept away so that he could nudge her towards marriage.

Yes, it sounded manipulative, but he'd remembered that he didn't really like or respect her. He kept forgetting that every time they were together. Sure, she could talk a great game. When he was around her, he loved to make her laugh and hear her talk about her work, or just watch the excitement in her eyes as she discussed any subject with another person. Elana was one of those people who found enjoyment just being with people and found everyone interesting. It was fascinating to watch her draw someone out and find out what made the other person tick.

It was all an act, he now knew. It took time away from her to remember that. He'd been sucked in by that strange habit of hers where she made a person feel as if they were the only person in the universe that mattered. But last night, he'd seen everyone become equally charmed by her. When he was close, he thought it was fascinating. When he had distance, he knew that she was just a manipulative person who sucked people into her web before moving on to capture the next person in her sticky net.

His plan was simple. Drive her crazy with desire, bed her and get her out of his system. After the wedding, move on to the next person but with his father's book in his possession. All very simple and this time he would get everything he wanted out of the relationship, including her in his bed for as long as it would take to finally exorcise her from his mind. She'd been there for too long and it was time for him to get this thing done.

"Okay, so you won't come to the lake house with me because you want to get this place into shape. What can I do to help?"

Elana stared at him, her eyes moving up and down his clothes, ignoring the sharp twist of desire that shot through her as she noted the incredible physique underneath the expensive clothes. "Gaston, that sweater alone probably cost more than my rent. This is a dirty job. If you want to go to your lake house then go. I'm painting and getting new pillows and possibly new curtains if I can find some in my price range."

He looked around, then nodded. "Okay, what first? Paint or pillows?"

She laughed and crossed her arms over her chest. "Neither with you. Go home," she emphasized.

He laughed and leaned forward slightly. "Not going to happen. I told you, you're my investment and you're still not eating very well."

She reared back. "I ate last night!"

He raised one eyebrow and shook his head. "Two appetizers does not a meal make. And what did you have for lunch?" he asked, a knowing look on his handsome face as he looked down at her. "And what were you planning to eat for breakfast this morning?" He chuckled softly when her mouth opened, then closed again without any words of what she ate. "My point is made, Elana. Accept it. I'm here with you. Either come with me to the lake house or I go with you to do whatever you're going to do this weekend."

She rolled her eyes and sighed heavily. "Gaston, I'm going to the hardware store and the cheapest department store around. There's nothing in either place that will interest you at all. Besides, you'll just be in the way."

He shrugged his shoulders. "I don't care what you say. I'm coming with you."

Her shoulders drooped slightly, not wanting him around her while she shopped. But she had no idea how to get rid of him. It was one thing to slip out of his place unobserved. It was another issue entirely when he was exactly where she was going to be all weekend. "Fine," she said with ill grace. "I'm off to the hardware store to get paint. Come if you'd like. I don't care, but I'm driving."

He laughed at that statement, already shaking his head. "Not a chance. Not in that death trap. Besides, I wouldn't even fit in the driver's seat."

"Who says you'll be driving?" she demanded as she grabbed her keys off of the hook by the door and pulled open her apartment door. "I drive my own car." It was amusing to think of him trying to fold his tall, muscular frame into the passenger seat of her tiny vehicle though.

He didn't even laugh. "I'm driving," he countered resolutely.

When they got down to the parking lot, she headed straight for her beat up old Beetle. But he wasn't having any of that and simply put his hand on her waist and pushed her towards his sparklingly beautiful black sedan. "I can't go buy paint in this car," she told him and dug her heels in, not moving an inch as she glared up at him.

"Why not?"

"Because this car probably cost more than the entire building!"

He snorted at that. "Get real," he snapped and opened the passenger seat. "Either get into the car or let me have some painters out here to get the painting done for you. Your choice."

She glared up at him, still feeling mutinous. "You keep giving me these 'do it my way or else' ultimatums. Is this just your way of being charming?"

"Of course," he came back, a boyish-like smile on his face and he nudged her into the passenger seat, slamming the door on her burst of laughter.

Damn him! She hated it when he made her laugh. She hated his charm and his wit. She really wished he would just go away. He was breaking down her defenses and she was starting to....no, she couldn't say that she liked him. But she accepted that she didn't hate him anymore.

It was easy to choose paints because she didn't need to select just one color. It's easier to choose what colors one wants in a room when one can pick out all the colors that catch her eye. She could picture her den in three different colors and her dining area to be in the same colors, just in more muted shades. Her kitchen was easy since it would be green. What other color should a kitchen be? Her bedroom would be yellow though. A wonderful, soft, buttery yellow and she'd get green or lavender curtains.

While she was giving directions to the paint guy, Gaston was on the phone, just leaning against the counter with an amused, indulgent smile on his handsome face. She didn't care what he thought, she told herself. It was her space and she'd decorate it exactly how she wanted it to look. She was the one who had to live there.

"Ready to go?" he asked when she was finished giving mixing instructions to the salesperson.

"I just need paint brushes and the other stuff."

"All taken care of," he countered, taking her by the hand and leading her out of the hardware store.

"Stop, I need to pay for all the paint," she said, pulling back on his hand and trying to get hers released.

He shook his head and pulled her forward. "As I said, already taken care of. Let's go."

She looked up at him curiously, not sure if she should protest him paying for her paint. He spent more on lunch than she'd spent on her paint, but she was still uncomfortable with him paying for it. In the end, there wasn't anything she could do about it. He'd already paid and the paint was stored in his trunk by some eager beaver store employee who rushed off as soon as the trunk was closed.

When they arrived back at her apartment, Elana was astounded to see that there was already a crew of painters waiting in her parking lot, their arms filled with the paint paraphernalia that was needed to get the job completed. "What have you done?" she asked, but she already knew the answer. He'd recruited a team of painters to do the task for her.

"I didn't want to spend the day breathing in paint fumes," he said and nodded to the painting crew chief who unloaded the paint cans from Gaston's trunk. "Just go upstairs and show the guys which walls to paint each color and then come back down so we can move on to your next errand."

She pursed her lips, but followed his instructions. While she discussed the colors, taping the paint sample to each wall, the men were already moving her furniture into the center of the room and covering everything with tarps. It took less than fifteen minutes before she was walking back down the stairs to Gaston who was leaning against his car, his arms crossed over his massive chest as he watched her approach. She couldn't see his eyes because of the sunglasses that hid them, but she noticed that there was still that smug amusement on his face. "It's all taken care of," she said as she stopped in front of him. "Thank you very much for your help. I'll pay you back for everything," she said, although where she'd find the money to pay for the painters, she had no idea. She'd have to do it in a payment plan or something. She didn't completely object because she hated painting, never able to get the lines straight enough to please her. But the men upstairs in her apartment seemed extremely competent. No matter how bad a job they did on her walls, it would still look better than if she were to do it herself.

"Now we get something to eat."

She shook her head, not wanting to be with him. "I'm not really hungry. But go ahead if you are."

She still couldn't see his eyes, but she just knew that he was rolling them. "I know for a fact that you didn't have any breakfast, Elana, and it's now time for lunch. Get in the car," he ordered, but since it was said with a smile, she laughed and got in. She felt too good to argue with him today. Her apartment would be a wonderful color - or many wonderful colors - by the end of the day and she'd have her fabulous space perfected.

"Okay, where are we eating lunch?"

He drove her to a small, cozy restaurant by the center of the older section of the city, where the streets were still made of cobblestone and the stores were all brick fronts with an old feel to the interiors despite their updated decor. She ordered a sandwich that sounded good, but she was more interested in the fries that came with it. For some reason, she really wanted greasy carbohydrates right about now.

"What else are you planning for the day?" he asked while they waited for their meal, sipping mohitos which were filled with fresh mint sprigs and a special sugar cane wedge to crush the mint.

She let the sugar and alcohol relax some of the tension that naturally occurred whenever Gaston was near. Sitting back in her chair, she let the sunshine hit her full in the face. "I want pillows!" she replied with excitement.

"Don't you just throw the pillows off when you sit down on the sofa?" he asked, wary of piles of pillows but he enjoyed her excitement.

She grinned, but didn't bother to open her eyes or lower her face. "No way. I curl up with them while I read or work, I shift them around my body to make myself more comfortable....pillows are fabulous and multi-functional."

He raised one eyebrow, thinking about the perfectly functional sofa at his place without any pillows necessary. "If you say so," was all he would agree.

The skepticism she heard in his voice challenged her and she leaned forward, arguing about all of the creature comforts a house would need to really feel like a home. His counter arguments, while perfectly logical, made her laugh because they were just practicality. The whole time they ate their lunch, they argued back and forth about the various 'necessities' for a home.

That afternoon, they moved from one home goods store to another picking out pillows and curtains, curtain rods and various little things that Gaston said she would 'need' in order to spruce up her home. The man had a memory like an elephant, she thought as he drove her around the city. Every piece she'd argued for during lunch, he was intent on shopping for.

No matter how hard she argued, Gaston wouldn't allow her to pay for any of the items. She swore to him that she was going to bring everything back to the store but when she threatened that, he simply looked down into her eyes with one sardonically raised eyebrow, not saying a word. He knew that she wouldn't bring anything back. He was confident that, as soon as she had her new, colorful items scattered about her apartment, they weren't leaving.

When they finally drove back to her apartment, she entered through the doorway with trepidation. But as soon as she saw the walls in different colors, she was amazed! Not only were all the walls perfectly painted, but her furniture had been moved back into place, but still kept about an inch from the walls until the paint was dry. To help with that, huge fans had been set up to circulate the air throughout the apartment so most of the walls were already dry!

"This looks fabulous!" she gasped, walking through the rooms with increasing excitement. "I can't believe it took me so long to really think of doing this because it's very exciting!"

Gaston leaned against the doorway to her apartment, noting with approval that the painters had done a good job and were already cleared out just as he'd instructed. He didn't like the fans being in place though. Those weren't in his plans, but the smell of paint was strong enough that he could still get her exactly where he wanted her. In his bed.

"You can't stay here tonight Elana. You'll be loopy from the paint fumes by tomorrow. It isn't healthy."

Elana bit her lip, knowing that he was right. "I'll stay in a hotel tonight," she said, deciding that she could blow a bit of money on a hotel since he hadn't let her pay for any of this.

"You will do no such thing," he snapped, irritated that she'd thought of a good solution so quickly. But he wasn't having any of that. "You'll stay with me," he commanded. It occurred to him that she hadn't thought to stay with her father. That was an interesting point that he'd have to delve into. Maybe over dinner.

Gaston knew that he hated Rufus, but he'd always thought that Elana had a good relationship with him. His curiosity got the better of him and he couldn't stop the question. "Why didn't you think to stay with your father?" he asked almost reluctantly because if it wasn't an option for her before, he didn't want her to go that direction now.

Elana turned her face away so Gaston couldn't see the pain in her face. "I guess I could do that," she said.

Gaston noticed that she had faced in the opposite direction and the mystery deepened. "What's going on between you and your father?" he asked, stepping closer, not letting her avoid him any longer.

She backed up a step, but her overstuffed chair got in the way. "My father is happy and healthy. That's all you need to know."

He watched her carefully and knew that there was more to the story than she was letting on. "How often do you see him?"

She shrugged and looked to the left of him. "I see him often enough. I just had dinner with him."

Again, there was that look. It wasn't a lie, but he could tell from her expression and the way she was being evasive that she wasn't telling him the whole truth. He reached up and touched her cheek, pushing a lock of hair behind her ear. "What's going on between you and your father, Elana?" he asked softly, tenderly. His hand cupped her cheek, feeling the softness there. And then his eyes noticed the wetness on her lashes. She was fighting back the tears? Why?

"My father and I don't speak very often. He's a difficult man to love. Let's just leave it there, okay?"

He shook his head. "Let's not. Has he done something to hurt you?" Gaston demanded, his body tensing for her answer. So help him, if Rufus had hurt her in any way, he would kill the old man!

Elana laughed and shook her head, but that unfortunately pushed one of the tear drops off of her lashes. "My father would never hit me," she said firmly. "He's a very sweet man who cares for me a great deal."

Reading between the lines, and knowing that Rufus had shown him the picture, Gaston said, "Maybe he loves you too much?" And with her grimace he changed it to be, "Or he loves you in ways that you'd prefer he butt out of?"

She laughed and looked up at him, then quickly away. "Let's just drop it, okay? The apartment looks wonderful. And you're right, it would make more sense to stay with my dad tonight instead of a hotel. I just hadn't thought of that because he's a very independent kind of a guy."

He waited for more information, but when she stopped, he shook his head. "What did he do, Elana? Did he do something when we were together before?" As soon as he said the words, he knew he'd arrived at the right conclusion, it was just a matter of the details now.

"Did he push you into another man's arms?"

"No!" she gasped. "What a horrible thing to say!" She leaned back, feeling angry and crowded all of a sudden. She hadn't even looked at another man, not even in the past seven years and for him to suggest that her father had instigated such a betrayal was ludicrous.

"What did he do then? I know that he never liked us being together."

She shrugged. "That's pretty much all that happened, Gaston. He was elated that you'd disappeared and didn't care how I felt. He was always telling me horrible things about you but I never believed them. But once you'd gone, even then he told me how horrible you were. I stopped listening to him at that point. And I haven't really been close to him since then. I didn't want to listen to him putting you down before you left and I didn't want to hear about you at all after you left."

Gaston thought about pointing out that he wouldn't have left if she hadn't been with another man, but that was in the past. And now, hearing her tell him that she'd fought with her father over him made him feel even worse. Maybe that was why she'd gone to the other man, to see if some other man would have the same reaction from her father? It made more sense. It would at least explain why she'd done it.

He thought about asking her about that, but she put her hand on his chest and thoughts seemed to scatter out of his mind. How she could do that so consistently he had no idea. But at the moment, he didn't really care. She was touching him and her hands always drove him more than a little crazy.

"Elana, I'm sorry," he said softly and bent low, kissing her tenderly in an effort to make up for the pain her father had put her through. And the pain he'd personally put her through because he hadn't been around to help her when she was with her father. Rufus was a bastard and Gaston knew the kinds of pressure the older man put on his clients and employees. It was probably just as hard for Elana to ignore the jibes and the pressure. She'd been young and impressionable and she'd just tried to figure out what was going on. Perhaps she hadn't meant to be unfaithful. Perhaps it had just happened?

He believed it simply because he wanted to believe it. He wanted her to have been too young at the time to understand what she was doing to their relationship. He'd resisted taking her to his bed back then because he'd believed she'd been too young but she wasn't now. And she was more beautiful, more vibrant and lovely and he wanted her. That was the only thing that mattered now.

"Let's get out of here," he said with a growl. He kissed her one more time, then pulled back and took her hand, leading her out of her apartment and back down to his car.

He drove in silence, not sure what she was thinking but determined to get her back to his place once and for all. He wanted her in his bed with no distractions for several hours. He wanted this woman with an intensity that seemed completely out of proportion to anything in his experience. But he wasn't going to fight it anymore. He had feelings, even though he didn't understand them right now.

"I don't think this is a good idea," Elana said as soon as she realized where they were heading.

"My housekeeper has meals already prepared, they just need to be heated up. And after your day of shopping, you could use a warm, filling meal."

She couldn't argue with him there. She just didn't want to eat at his place. There was too much tension and she was still tingling from that sweet, tender kiss he'd given her back at her apartment. Was she being too naive to think that they would only eat dinner?

Probably. She bit her lower lip, wondering how she was going to get out of this. But her very next thought was, did she really want to?

She glanced over at Gaston, surveying his profile. She'd had such a wonderful day with him today, why spoil it by going up to his penthouse and getting into a situation that didn't make sense in the long term? Sure, short term she would love to be in his arms, to see what it was like to make love with the only man who had ever stirred her interest.

But what about tomorrow? What would happen when he left her for the next woman on his road to whatever he wanted to do with his life? He was already a billionaire several times over, why would he settle for someone like her who worked too many hours and constantly forgot to take care of herself?

"Let's eat," he said softly and stepped out of the car, coming around to the other side to open her car door.

When she stayed seated, he bent down and looked into her eyes. "What's wrong, Elana?"

"I don't want to go upstairs with you," she said, unaware of the worry showing through in her eyes. "Every time we're alone, we end up...well, you know and it isn't a good idea."

He smiled grimly. "How about if we just take it one step at a time? Let me get some food in you and then you can sleep in the guest bedroom tonight."

Her eyes lit up at that suggestion. "You have a guest bedroom?" she asked.

He laughed at her question. "I believe there are several bedrooms besides mine."

She looked up at him curiously. "You're not sure?"

He rolled his eyes and stood up. Taking her hand in his, he pulled her out of the car and into the elevator saying, "Come upstairs and find out for yourself.." He pressed the button that would take them both to the penthouse apartment, chuckling at her question. "And just for the record, yes, I know how many bedrooms are in my place."

She stood beside him awkwardly. With each ping of the elevator telling her that they'd passed by another floor, she felt as if this was a huge mistake. She was just about to tell him that she had to go when the elevator doors opened up.

"Come along," he said and took her hand once again, pulling her deeper into the horribly sterile dwelling. Everything was done in white and black with only stainless steel and glass to break the monotony. It was horrible.

"How do you live here?" she asked, looking around despite her worries over being alone with him.

Gaston stopped in the middle of the living room and looked around. "It's a bit different from what you're apartment now looks like, isn't it?" he laughed at himself. "But I don't really need the same sort of interior stimulation that you need so it suits me fine." Even as he said that, he thought about the warm, welcoming colors she'd chosen for her apartment. He wondered what she might choose for this place. "What colors would you paint these walls?" he asked now that the thought occurred to him.

There was a stunning view of the city from here, but she just couldn't imagine living in such a cold atmosphere hidden away from everyone. But since he asked, she looked around, putting a finger to the side of her mouth as she concentrated on what the place would look like with splashes of color. "I'd probably go with a warm, creamy orange or a welcoming soft blue. It would have to be something to cheer this place up because it is pretty barren. And during the winter I'd probably always have a fire going in the fireplace."

He was surprised by her vehemence. "So you think this place is cold?"

She didn't hesitate in her response. "Yes. It's cold and impersonal. Even when it's filled with guests like it was the other evening, it just doesn't fit your personality."

That wasn't what he was expecting. He walked into the kitchen and stuck his head in to see what his housekeeper had left for him, hiding his reaction to her assessment. It wasn't so much that she didn't like his penthouse that disturbed him. He was more surprised that she thought he wasn't cold and impersonal, that his penthouse didn't match him. That...startled him.

Focusing on dinner instead of the warmth her words made him feel, he glanced at the containers in his freezer. There were several dishes with labels on them informing him of their contents and all he had to do was follow the cooking directions on each tag. "So what's my personality?" he asked as he stepped away from the freezer, unable to hold back the question.

She smiled slightly, tilting her head to the side while he turned on the oven and slid two containers onto the wire shelf. "You're definitely controlling," she said with a nod.

He raised an eyebrow at that but wasn't able to deny her assertion since it was absolutely true. "What else."

She laughed at his acceptance, respecting him for not arguing with something that was obvious. "You're also compassionate and fair." A part of her wanted to ask him why he'd disappeared, why he hadn't been fair to her and explained why he'd left, but she was also afraid to bring up anything controversial since they seemed to be getting along so well today. "You're very generous."

"Why do you say that?" he asked. All of his philanthropic donations were done anonymously so he wanted to know why she'd labeled him as generous. He pulled down a bottle of red wine and two glasses, expertly opening the bottle and pouring the liquid before handing her one.

"Because you wouldn't let me spend any of my money today."

He shrugged that aside as inconsequential. "It wasn't much."

She smiled up at him, trying to get him to understand. "To me, it was a great deal. Especially since you don't even like me."

He stared at her and his heart flipped over. "Who says I don't like you?" He took a sip of the wine, letting the excellent vintage hide his reaction. It was surprising to realize that he did like her. He might not trust her, but he had to respect her professionalism and she was fun to be with. He'd forgotten how much he liked just spending time with her. She was fun and charming, could argue about any subject which had definitely added spice to the day.

Yes, he liked her. Maybe too much, he thought and leaned back against the counter, feeling defensive all of a sudden.

She smiled derisively at his handsome features that were glaring down at her. "I would say that history proves that I'm not on the top of your best friend's list." She took a sip of the wine, then set the glass down on the counter, not wanting to lose her head to the alcohol tonight.

The buzzer beeped, indicating that the food was finished and he bent to pull the two containers out of the heater. He set them down on the counter between them and handed her a fork. The tall stools were perfect for casual eating and she was grateful that this wasn't becoming more formal.

She forced the conversation to less intimate subjects as they ate, but there was a new tension between them that hadn't been there all day. It was as if both of them were just waiting for something to happen, some word to slip out that would snap the tension and let loose the sexual need that was simmering, barely contained.

When she'd forked the last of the delicious bruschetta chicken into her mouth, she set the utensil down carefully, feeling as if the air was actually sparking around her. "That was delicious," she said almost in a whisper, afraid to speak too loudly and break the tension. She carried both of their dishes to the sink and placed them gently against the stainless steel basin, trying not to make any noise. "I'll just clean up so these aren't..." whatever she was going to say disappeared from her mind when she felt his hands on her shoulders. They weren't hard, but his fingers heated her body with the slight touch.

"Why are you nervous?" he asked, his fingers starting to press gently into her tense muscles.

"I'm not nervous," she said, but it was obvious that she was lying. "I'm just eager to get back to my apartment and see how everything looks with the pillows and new curtains."

He bent low and kissed her neck. "I'll arrange to have someone come over tomorrow to install the curtain rods for you."

She gasped when she felt his lips touch the shell of her ear, making her shiver with awareness. "That's okay," she said quickly. "I can handle that part of the effort."

"Why bother? Wouldn't you rather be at the lab getting more work done?"

She spun around when she felt his hands on her waist, afraid of where his fingers might travel next. They were safer on her back than on the front of her. "No, that's okay."

He was looking down at her once again, that strange, warming heat in his eyes that made her stomach quiver with expectation. "I'd better get ready for bed," she said.

He bent lower, his mouth hovering over hers for the longest moment. "I was thinking the exact same thing," he finally said. With that, his mouth covered hers in a demanding, sensuous kiss that left her breathless and clinging to him. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she kissed him back, suddenly realizing that this was what she'd been waiting for all day long. It felt as if she were finally home when he wrapped his arms tightly around her body, pulling her up against his hard length and showing her how much he wanted her.

His hand traveled down her back, sliding lower until his large hand was covering her round bottom, pulling her harder against him and she moaned in recognition of his need.

He didn't ask, and she didn't give him permission, but suddenly he lifted her into his arms and carried her out of the kitchen. She had no idea where he was taking her, but since he continued kissing her the whole way, she didn't care either. As long as he kept on kissing her, she simply didn't mind where they were.

When he stopped, she heard the door slam and she just assumed that they were in his bedroom. But the thought didn't have a chance to form in her mind because he let her legs go and she was standing on tip toe to reach him, not wanting the heavenly feelings to end.

Suddenly, her shirt was gone and his hands, the heat from his fingers, were roaming along her bare skin. Her bra was no impediment to his experienced fingers and it disappeared along with her shirt. When his hands cupped her breasts, she cried out with the need that surged through her, her eyes closed and her head flew backwards. Then his thumbs rubbed against her taut nipples and her knees almost went out, her body just about collapsing but his strong arm wrapped around her and she gathered her need, pushing herself against him. Her hands moved upwards, then slid down his chest so that her fingers could reciprocate, wanting to feel his skin under her hands.

When her fingers finally found his skin, she felt a whoosh and suddenly realized that he'd just pulled off his sweater, giving her more freedom to explore this man who had fascinated her for so long. This wasn't the first time she'd touched him like this, but it was the first time in more than seven years and she reveled in the glorious feel of his hard, muscular chest and arms with the light coating of hair covering his hot, tanned skin. She couldn't stop herself from leaning forward and tasting, her tongue zipping out and feeling. When she heard his sharp intake of breath, saw that his teeth were gritting as she explored, she felt more bold, empowered and powerful. Her mouth moved upward, finding the flat, male nipple and tasting there, discovering that he liked that as much as she did when he rubbed his finger over her nipples.

"Enough," he said roughly and lifted her up, placing her in the center of his bed. He looked down at her as he stripped off his jeans, watching her writhe on the bed with her dark hair spilled out over the dark sheets. He'd imagined her like this so many times it was hard to believe that she was real. That he was actually going to make love to this woman who had gotten under his skin so thoroughly.

When he was completely naked, he saw her eyes widen with curiosity. He grabbed protection from his nightstand, but came down to her, his mouth exploring her body, tasting the softness his fingers had already discovered. His hands moved down to her jeans, unsnapping them quickly before he stood once more to pull the material away. When he saw her pink underwear, he would have smiled if he had the ability. But he was in too much pain to do more than toss her jeans behind him before he came back to her, reverently kneeling over her as he ran his hands up her smooth calf to her soft thigh.

When she tried to pull her leg away, he only smiled and held onto her leg, pinning her down gently as his mouth followed the same path his hands had just traveled. When he reached that adorable, pink cotton, she was gasping for breath and her eyes were closed, her head swiveling back and forth while her hands gripped the bed covers on either side of her.

He slid one finger inside, running along the top and she arched her hips against his hand. He grinned and let his fingers move lower and her reaction was more than he could have hoped. Every fiber of her being was focused on his hand, on where he might move next. When he slipped the material down her legs, she automatically lifted up higher, wanting the barrier gone as much as he did.

When she was finally naked, finally in his arms exactly how he'd dreamed about her, he couldn't help the tidal wave of possession that surged through him at that moment. She was all his. After so long, after denying himself all those years ago, he was going to find out what it was like to be buried inside this tiny, sexy woman.

And she was more beautiful than he'd ever thought possible. Her breasts were a handful, spilling over his fingers and filling up his palm. Her waist was tiny, slender and those hips flared out slightly. He could see her hip bones but he would make sure that she ate well enough that she filled out more there.

Her legs! For such a tiny woman, she had the longest, sexiest legs he'd ever seen. He knew models that didn't have legs this beautiful, he thought. Bending low, he placed a kiss right on her hip, low so that she knew what his intentions were. When she grabbed his head with both hands, he simply took her hands in his and held them out to the side. "You're not going to stop me, Elana," he laughed. "I'm going to know every part of you by the end of this night so just lay back and relax."

"No!" she gasped and tried to wiggle away. She wasn't ready for this, she thought. "Please Gaston," she begged, but he just grinned up at her and kissed her again, lower this time. Then again on the top of her thigh, moving lower and closer to that secret place that no one had ever seen before.

She tried to get her hands loose, but he held her firmly, his body moving between her legs and opening her wide despite her struggles to get away. He was relentless and she was mindless, begging him to stop, but also needing him to ease this burning, almost painful need that swelled up within her. When his mouth covered her, she screamed with the heat that only intensified her need but her body knew what to do. While her mind shied away from what he was doing, her hips rose up, her legs moving to give him more space and when his tongue lashed at her, she couldn't hold back the next scream. Or the next as her body exploded around him in a climax that sent her mind reeling out of control and her body throbbing in reaction.

Gaston was almost angry that she'd climaxed so quickly because he wasn't finished exploring her body. He wanted so much more and her taste was sweeter than he thought possible. But she was so beautiful as she throbbed through her pleasure that he lifted his hand, increasing the pleasure slightly before he kissed his way back up her body, stopping at her breasts, worshiping those magnificent globes once again. Her fingers were in his hair, both pulling his head away, which he didn't allow, and pulling his mouth over to the other breast, her nipples begging for the attention of his mouth and his teeth.

As he lifted himself up, he quickly donned the protection and positioned himself above her, pulling her legs up so that she cradled him. "Look at me, Elana," he ordered, his voice almost a shout as the pain of his body held him back from entering her. He was clamoring to feel her heat around him, but he wanted to look into her eyes when he entered her. He wanted her to know that it was him that was taking her this time. He wanted to obliterate all other men from her memory.

When she finally opened her eyes, her chest rising and falling rapidly as she tried to gather her strength for the upcoming storm, she looked into his eyes, her mouth wide with anticipation. And slowly, ever so slowly, he pushed himself into her, her eyes widening as he filled her up.

Elana tried to shift, tried to take all of him but he was larger than she expected.

"Open for me, baby," he said softly, crooning to her and he lifted her hands so they were on his shoulders. His hand moved down her body, lifting her hips slightly and pushing in deeper. When he felt the resistance, he didn't understand it at first. But when she flinched as he pressed deeper, he finally understood. He was both elated and furious. How could this be?

He watched her reaction and waited, his body not moving while he waited for hers to become more comfortable with his size and invasion. When he felt her hands unclench, he suspected that she was okay but then again, he had made assumptions in the past. "Are you okay?" he asked gently, his hands coming up to cradle her head.

With surprise, she realized that she was okay. That she felt extremely good actually. "Yes," she said with a laugh.

When he shifted slightly, she gasped and her eyes were no longer smiling. They were worried and looking up at him. "Don't do that," she gritted out, her hands clenching against his shoulders again.

"I've got to, honey," he said, his voice strained as he forced his body to move slowly. "Just go with me, baby. I'll take care of you."

When he moved again, she pressed her body against his, but the feeling was too intense and it scared her. "No, we've got to stop," she said and gasped when he moved again. She was pushing against his broad shoulders, trying to slide out from underneath him but he only laughed gently and shook his head.

He captured her hands once again and stopped moving. "Do you trust me?" he asked carefully.

"No. Please don't do this," she said, more than a little crazy just by the feeling of him being inside of her like this. "Let's just stop and..." But her legs were rising higher, her thighs rubbing against his hips and feeling him, pulling him in deeper.

He just about groaned with the pain of holding back but he knew she didn't really want him to stop. He could feel her body quivering around him and with just a few strokes, he knew that she would topple over and feel the climax he wanted so desperately to give her. "I can't, baby. And yes, you do trust me." He bent low and kissed her softly on her trembling mouth. "Just wrap your arms around me, Elana. I'll take care of you."

With a whimper of protest, she did as he commanded and lifted her arms, wrapping them around his neck. He pulled her legs higher, giving himself more room and shifted slightly, watching her face the whole time to be careful that he didn't hurt her again. "Just move with me. Do what feels good and I promise it will be okay."

Elana nodded, but she was shaking with reaction. When he moved once again, sliding in and out of her slowly, she gritted her teeth and closed her eyes. But he wouldn't allow that. "Don't shut me out, baby," he said with a deep, husky voice as he moved again, adjusting his hips so that it gave her maximum pleasure. "I want to see your eyes."

She opened them again, terrified of what he was doing to her and she wanted nothing more than to stop. But when he moved again, something inside of her shifted as well and she moved with him, gasping as pleasure shot through her. Again and again, he moved his body, shifting deeper and deeper as they moved together.

Her heart rate sped up just as his body did and she had a hard time keeping up. She couldn't control the feelings and he wouldn't slow down so she could understand them. He moved faster and faster, something inside of her keeping pace but her mind was confused and scared. When he lifted her hips, sliding in and out of her again and again, something inside her spun out and she screamed, her whole body convulsing and careening completely out of control. She had no concept of anything but what he was doing to her body, of floating and stars of light shooting out all around her, speeding her body through the most incredible feelings she'd ever experienced.

Gaston watched her spiral out of control with her second orgasm and, even though he desperately wanted to watch, her pleasure pulled him along into his own climax and he couldn't stop the waves of intense, electrifying pleasure. It was longer and more powerful than he'd ever thought possible. In the end, he just let it ride out, course through him and he prayed that he wasn't hurting her in any way.

When he could finally breathe, at long last open his eyes, he looked down at Elana and wanted to laugh. She was completely sated underneath him, not a muscle in her body could move and the pleasure that he'd felt with the orgasm was only intensified because he knew that he'd done this for her.

And then it came back to him. She'd been a virgin? How was that possible? He'd seen the picture. Her father had given it to him and the intimacy of that picture, of her pose with the man told the story. Or at least he'd thought it had given him the whole story. Obviously, he'd not understood what was happening.

Pulling out of her, he stood up and looked down at her on the bed, his mind whirling with all of the things he'd learned tonight. Not just tonight, he thought. But all day this woman had been a revelation. He was confused and needed some space to get himself together. He didn't want to hurt her, but he knew that he needed answers. Something painful was unwinding around his chest and he wanted to free the restrictions, but something was holding him back.

He had loved this woman once. As he looked down at her smiling, stunningly beautiful face, he realized that he'd never stopped loving her. He'd never found any woman to replace her because no one could.

"Dammit!" he snapped and walked into the bathroom to splash cold water over his face. He needed answers!

Chapter 4

Elana looked up at the ceiling, her body still humming from what had just happened but her mind was starting to work once again. And what had happened was horrible. Of all the scenarios she'd pictured as possibilities, this really was the worst. Okay, well, maybe it hadn't been completely horrible. The experience was wonderful, it was only the aftermath that left her....vulnerable. And she really hated feeling like this.

What had she done wrong? She felt cold and abandoned, especially after he cursed under his breath and walked away from her. His mind boggling mood swing happened once again and she had no clue why this time.

Gaston walked into the bathroom and she heard the water running, not sure what he was doing but she just wanted to curl up and hide. How could she have let something like this happen? With him of all people! A tear slipped down from her eyes, wetting the pillow beneath her head and she pulled the comforter over her nakedness, ashamed of what she'd just done now that the heat of passion was over. She desperately needed his arms around her, some reassurance that what they'd just shared together hadn't been one sided. But he'd walked away! How? Why? What could she possibly have done to anger him this time?

Gaston walked back into the bedroom and she cringed, unable to look him in the eye because she was too afraid that she'd see victory there.

She needed to leave. To get out of here. She sat up slightly, looking for her clothes but they were scattered all over the room. If he would just leave her alone, she could get dressed, but she'd missed her opportunity and now he was walking right towards her. She sank back into the mattress, afraid of his touch now that she knew what he could do to her willpower.

"Hey," he said softly, bending low over her. "None of that now." He lifted her into his strong arms, ignoring her feeble attempts to smack his arms away.

He carried her into the bathroom where steam from the sunken tub was wafting up. He'd even added some bubbles, making the room smell wonderfully soft and romantic. She couldn't help putting her hands around his neck, unable to balance herself in his arms without doing that. But she wouldn't relax. Even when he continued walking until they were both submerged into the bathtub that was more appropriately called a small swimming pool.

As the warm water enveloped them, she buried her face in his shoulder, not wanting him to see the tears that were flowing now. In the water, he just held her on his lap, his strong hands rubbing at the tense muscles in her back and shoulders while she cried, her sobs blocking out all the other sounds in the room.

When the storm finally subsided, she sniffed, but kept her face in his neck. He continued to rock her softly, his hands weaving magic despite her desire to resist his comforting touch.

"I'm sorry," she heard him say. Over and over again, he just kept repeating those words, kissing her head, her shoulders, wherever he could reach.

She sniffed and lifted her head, almost cringing when his hand reached up to wipe her tears away. She probably looked like hell with her mascara running down her cheeks and her lipstick completely gone now. But she didn't care about what she looked like. Well, she cared a little, but she wanted to understand why he was sorry.

"Why do you keep saying that?" she asked when she finally found her voice.

He pulled her closer, his strong arms cuddling her body against his. "Because this was all my fault," he said. "The past seven years, the torture we put ourselves through. It's all my fault."

She searched his face, trying to figure out what he was saying. Was he finally going to tell her why he'd left her? Why he'd gone on to all those other women after he'd dumped her? "What are you trying to tell me, Gaston?" Her body tensed, not sure if she wanted to hear the explanation any longer. Maybe it was better if they just left, both went their separate ways. It seemed that every time they came together there was hurt and betrayal. She didn't want that any longer. She just wanted someone to love. Someone who wouldn't hurt her or cheat on her. Someone she could trust.

He sighed and leaned his head back against the tiles, closing his eyes. "Because I thought you'd slept with Richard all those years ago."

She stared up at his handsome face, her mind working hard to remember another man in her life during that time period. "Richard Sandberg?" she asked softly, confused.

"I think that was his last name." He sighed, his hand gripping her body slightly. "I saw a picture of the two of you and it looked...intimate," he finished lamely. "I thought you'd slept with him and it tore me up."

She pulled away slightly, trying to understand everything he was telling her. "Are you saying that you put us through hell, that you left me and started sleeping with dozens of women just because you thought, without proof or even asking me about an incident, that I had been intimate with another man?"

She slipped off of his lap, covering herself with her arms as best she could under the circumstances. "Richard?" she repeated his name, astonished that he would think that she'd been with another man like Richard. Richard was a sweet guy, but he couldn't even come close to Gaston's virility or appeal. "He was just a friend!" she explained with growing anger and increasing confusion. Her mind went back to that period in her life, trying to think of a time when she would have touched Richard in any way other than a friendly pat on the shoulder or a casual hug. And then she remembered the day when his girlfriend of five years had broken up with him. She'd hugged him then, his arms wrapping around her as he sobbed out his distress over losing someone for whom he'd cared deeply.

"There was one point when I was holding him, but that was because he was desolate. His girlfriend had just dumped him for another guy. After planning out their future, even going to the same school so they could be together, she simply told him that she wanted out of the relationship."

His head fell backwards and his eyes closed with the frustration of all they'd gone through, all he'd put them through simply because of his undeserved jealousy. "And I saw a picture of the two of you."

There were no more tears now. This was just fury that she was feeling. Furious anger at all they'd endured, their hopes and dreams crushed because of misplaced jealousy! "Gaston! I can't believe you! Why didn't you talk to me about that? Why didn't you demand an explanation? Or even better, just ask me what had been happening? I remember that afternoon and the whole time I was helping Richard I was thinking about you and how much I wanted to tell you about what a horrible person that other woman was to do that to a very sweet man." She shivered and put her palm against her forehead, trying to work things through. "So the whole time I wanted to share something with you, that's the point when you decided, without talking to me at all, that you were done. That I'd committed a heinous crime, something so unforgivable that you had to just move on without any explanation!"

She didn't care about her nakedness any longer. She just had to get away. "Well, if that's the way you want to play it, then I'm all for it," she said furiously. Elana stomped to the stack of towels and wrapped one around her. She caught him staring at her legs and just about screamed. "Don't call me again! I don't ever want to see you again."

He stood up and her mouth went dry, seeing him standing there in all his glory. The man wasn't the least bit inhibited, and he was completely aroused once again. A small part of her was thrilled that she could do that to such a powerful man. But another part just wanted to get out of his penthouse as fast as possible.

She started walking away from him but she heard him grab a towel himself before he walked behind her. "Where do you think you're going?" he demanded.

She raised her hand and shook her head. "No! You don't get to ask questions. You left me without any explanation and came right back into my life! You got me here!" she snapped, still disgusted with herself for falling into his arms once again, but this time with worse consequences. "And so I'm returning the favor. You didn't bother giving me the courtesy of an explanation. So I'm not going to bother with them either. Just leave me alone."

"No!" he snapped, barely holding onto the towel with his hand while he followed her. She was grabbing her clothes and putting them on as quickly as possible, uncaring that she was still wet and her clothes were now clinging to her. "We're not finished, Elana. This isn't over. Just stop and listen to me," he demanded.

She stood up quickly, her hand slicing through the air to deny his command. "I'm not listening to anything you have to say. I have no idea why you came back into my life when you thought I was without honor, but that's done now! We're over. If you come near me again, I'll call the police and I'll get a restraining order."

He ran a hand through her hair. "Don't be ridiculous, Elana. We need to discuss this. We're older now. We both know what we want."

That only angered her more because just standing there in front of her, she knew that she wanted him, wanted him to hold her and tell her that he was sorry again, that he had been an idiot and he should never have put both of them through all of this. But she couldn't wait for that. She was too hurt, too angry for explanations. She wanted to hurt him as badly as he'd hurt her seven years ago. Glaring at him while she struggled to attach her bra with shaking fingers, she said, "And I don't want you!"

"We're not finished!" he said when she pulled her sweater over her head and grabbed her purse. She was already walking out the door while he was still trying to pull on a pair of pants, not even bothering with boxers in his effort to get to her and stop her from leaving him.

"You don't get to dictate to me when this is over. We're done and I don't want to talk to you!"

She pressed the button on the elevator, relieved when the doors opened and she could just step into the cab. He was pursuing her steadily now, but she pressed the 'close' button several times, praying that she could get away. Just as he reached her, the doors closed and she leaned back against the richly paneled wall in relief. She'd done it. She'd gotten away, but the tears she'd thought were finished once again started flowing and she cursed herself for being so weak.

As soon as she stepped into the street, she lifted her arm and a cab was there in moments. That never happened, she thought but didn't care how her luck had changed. She just dove into the back seat and gave the driver her address.

Within moments, her cell phone was ringing but she turned it off, not wanting to talk to Gaston about anything now.

Halfway to her house, she decided that her apartment would be the first place that Gaston would look for her. And she knew that he would look. He would hunt her down until he found her so she needed to find a place where he wouldn't think to look. The only place she could think of that would be safe was the university library. She could hide in the stacks and no one would search all the floors looking for her. Students were known to do some pretty lascivious things in the bookshelves so most people kept their eyes on their studies.

She gave the driver the new address, then sat back and watched the lights of the streets pass by. She remembered that first night, watching the lights illuminate and fade as they took in Gaston's features and she thought to herself that this was all he could be. Now she had the darkness again, all at his hands. His distrust of her was so painful to her that she could barely think about what he'd done to them, to their relationship.

The driver let her off and she paid him, giving him a large tip because she didn't want to wait for change. She rushed out and hurried through the heavy doors of the old library, feeling safe and secure inside the walls. People had lived and died here, the books telling their stories. The lights were painfully bright, helping the students study into the wee hours of the night but she wanted to find a dark corner, some place where she could lick her wounds and figure out her next step.

She'd recovered once from Gaston's departure, she could surely do it again. She just had to find the inner strength to fight the need to rush back to him, to demand that he explain. She shouldn't want an explanation from him. He'd betrayed everything they'd had seven years ago. She couldn't trust him again, not with her heart or her future. He had hurt her and it was so much worse this time. Before, she'd had an immature love for a man she thought she'd loved. They'd both been so young, so captivated by what they thought life would be like. But now, knowing that life was hard, when she thought she'd found someone that she could really share her hopes and dreams with, only to have those hopes dashed by his conceited, insecure judgments, was heart wrenching.

She would survive though. She found a chair in a corner with a study station that was empty. Because it was finals week, the library was abnormally full right now, but that also meant that she could stay here later than normal and not be bothered by anyone telling her that the facility would close soon.

Her mind went through all the things he'd said and done. And her eyes became wet and weepy when she remembered his gentle touch after he'd made love to her. He'd been passionate, demanding and so amazingly wonderful right up until the moment he realized that she was a virgin. At that point, he'd been so gentle and caring, surprised that she hadn't been with another man.

And then he'd walked away. He'd opened up the damn by leaving her immediately following the most intimate moment of her life, leaving her vulnerable and scared. What would she have done if he hadn't left her? If he'd just held her and told her he thought she was beautiful? Would she have cried for her loss? Or would she have turned to him and felt safe and cared for? Would she have issued some demands herself such as a repeat performance?

At this point, there was no use in second guessing the 'what ifs'. In the end, he'd left her to do whatever it was that he did in the bathroom. Berate himself, berate her, brush his teeth or whatever a man did after sex. He'd left her cold, scared and wanting his arms around her.

Okay, so when he'd come back, he'd held her in his arms until the pain had gone away, rocking her in his arms. And the warm bath had soothed aching parts of her that she hadn't known were sore. That had been very sweet of him and she didn't think that he took many virgins to his bed. Well, at least she hoped he hadn't. But then again, how had he known that the warm bath would soothe her?

She sighed and let her head drop into her palms, wondering if she would ever understand what motivated that man. He was so complex, so difficult to get to know. He kept so much to himself that she sometimes felt as if she were walking beside him, but completely alone.

No, that wasn't a fair statement either. When she was with him, he surrounded her, consumed her. He wasn't the kind of man that would let a woman feel alone when she was with him. Then what was it that made her feel so....scared when she was with him? Why was she so vulnerable around him.

When the answer came to her, she wasn't sure she could handle it. She tossed it around in her mind, her world crashing in around her. All that she'd thought she knew about herself she would have to re-evaluate because the only reason she could feel that way was if she was in love with Gaston. But how was that possible? She'd been so cautious! So careful to not let him get passed her barriers.

Well, he'd demolished all of her physical barriers so why was she so blind to the possibility that he'd broken down her emotional barriers as well. She cried, alone and scared, as she acknowledged that she loved that man more than she had seven years ago. And she hated him for that.

A long time later, she looked around, astonished to realize that she was practically alone in the library. She lifted her head and glanced down at her watch, astonished to realize that she'd been in the library for several hours now. She pulled herself up straight. She must have fallen asleep and her arm showed her that she'd done so on the desk in front of her, her head cradled in her arms.

With a sigh of resignation, she stood up, picking up her purse as she made her way out of the library. She'd stayed so late, she wasn't sure if she would be able to catch a cab back to her apartment. She'd have to call someone because it was definitely too late to walk home. Not that she'd do that at this time of night anyway. Not in this neighborhood.

She pulled out her cell phone and glanced at the screen. With a grimace, she realized that Gaston had called her eleven times over the past few hours. She pushed the button to make a call, dialing the number to the local cab company. Not to return any of his calls. It took twenty minutes, but finally a cab driver pulled up and took her to her apartment.

She knew she was seeing things when she stepped out of the cab after paying the driver and thought she saw someone looking astonishingly like Gaston walking away from her building. But that was crazy. It was three o'clock in the morning and she'd left him just after ten o'clock. Surely he wouldn't still be trying to track her down.

But just in case, she hurried up the stairs to her apartment and locked the doors. She didn't turn on any of the lights just in case he was watching, waiting for her to come home. She knew she'd have to talk to him, but not tonight. And probably not tomorrow either.

She curled up on her bed, pulling the pillow close as she cried herself to sleep. She hadn't even changed clothes, brushed her teeth or washed her face. She didn't have the energy for any of that. She only had enough energy to pull the covers over her head, pretend like her apartment didn't smell like fresh paint and Gaston hadn't just broken her heart again.

Two days later, she emerged from her apartment feeling ragged and still exhausted. She had a painful headache, probably due to the lack of caffeine over the past weekend. Her first order of business was a cup of coffee. She would have made something at home, but she was completely out of so many items. She couldn't remember the last time she'd stopped at the grocery store.

She stopped at a coffee shop but when the line was too long, she just got back into her beat up old car and drove to work. She hoped that someone had already started coffee by the time she arrived. It was relatively early so she might have to figure out the coffee maker herself. But with her mental state right now, she wasn't sure she could figure out how to walk, much less make a pot of coffee.

When she pulled into the parking lot, she stared at the building, wondering if Gaston had arrived already. She hadn't received any more phone calls from him over the weekend. Nor had he come to her apartment. At least she didn't think he had. No one had banged on her door so she'd just assumed he hadn't come by.

She'd have to clear out of her lab, she thought miserably. She couldn't work here. She couldn't take Gaston's funding nor could she risk running into him in the building. She had no idea where she would find the funding to finish her work, but she'd do it somehow. Seeing him would be too painful. A tear fell from her cheek to her hand and it startled her. She wished she could stop this reaction every time she thought about Gaston. He'd proven once again that he wasn't worth any more emotional energy from her.

The alarm buzzed as soon as she tried to enter the building. She looked up, confused and embarrassed because several other people were right behind her.

The security guard approached, his hands on his security belt and intimidating her despite her assurances that she wasn't doing anything wrong. "What's the issue?" she asked, wishing her voice wouldn't break like that.

The guard looked at her badge, then the list on his clip board. "Signor Montebello has requested your presence in his office as soon as you arrive, Ms. Catelano."

Elana cringed and pulled back. "No. I'm not going to his office," she stated firmly.

The guard pulled up his walkie talkie from behind him and said something under his breath.

Elana wasn't going to stick around and wait for him to inform Gaston that she was in the building. She spun around on her heel and started to walk out once again. At least, that was her intention. Instead, she walked right into the one man she'd been trying to avoid. Literally. He'd been standing behind her and she was hurrying so quickly that she didn't have time to stop before her momentum pushed her right into his strong arms, which immediately closed around her protectively.

"I've got you," he said softly, bending low and kissing the top of her head. "Thanks, guys," Gaston said to the security guards behind her. "I'll take it from here."

"Let me go," she growled ferociously, not bothering to look up at him.

"We're going to have this argument, Elana. You can yell at me up in my office in private or we can do this right here in the middle of the lobby. It's your choice but we're getting this out in the open and finishing it. I'm not spending another seven years without you, even if it was my stupid mistake."

She looked around angrily and sure enough, several people were looking their way, trying to figure out what the CEO of their company was trying to say. They tried to hide their curiosity, but it was there anyway as they rushed through the steel and granite lobby area to their own work areas.

"Don't do this, Gaston," she pleaded with him, her eyes glancing to the right and left, anywhere but to him.

"No, Elana. Don't do this to us. I messed up and I'm sorry. But there's no way I'm letting you go. You love me," he said firmly. "Come with me and let's talk about this," he said. He didn't wait for a reply but put a hand under her arm and led her over to the bank of elevators. He stepped into one of them and moved to the back, letting the others who were rushing to their work stations fill up the remaining space. She tried to pull away, but there were too many people trying to get on board the elevator. When Gaston put his arms around her waist and pulled her against him, she gasped, but there wasn't anything she could do. If she made a scene, everyone in the elevator would turn around and look at them.

Even though she was as quiet as possible, she still had a hard time keeping her expression blank. That was due entirely to Gaston because his hands were not still on her body. To the casual observer, they were just two people standing in the elevator waiting for their floor. But she felt his hands around her, his thumb rubbing against her ribs, resting just underneath her breast causing her nipples to harden. She worried that anyone who glanced at her would know what he was doing, or would at least guess since the effect was so obvious to anyone who bothered to look.

She was pretty sure her face was red with embarrassment as well. But she tried to maintain her serene expression despite his covert caress. She wouldn't give him the pleasure of showing him what he was doing to her. She could feign boredom as well as the next gal.

Or so she thought.

By the time they finally reached a floor where the last of the staff stepped off of the elevator, Elana was shivering with need and her knees were about to buckle underneath her. She wanted to turn around and touch him, but instead, she stepped out of his arms and moved across the elevator, glaring at him until they reached the executive floor.

He didn't mind her glaring though. In fact, he actually chuckled at her mutinous expression. He'd felt her body shiver against his so she couldn't fool him that she was entirely angry with him. Oh, he didn't deny that she was furious, hurt and feeling things he couldn't even begin to understand. But she was also feeling desire and he fanned that need as best he could.

When the elevator doors opened once again, he couldn't resist putting a hand to the small of her back and leading her down the hallway to his office. "Cancel my morning meetings," he said to his assistant who immediately nodded her head efficiently, keeping the curiosity out of her eyes as she simply lifted the phone to follow Gaston's instructions.

When the door closed behind the two of them, he leaned against the door and crossed his arms over his massive chest, waiting.

After moving into the room, she stood in front of one of the long windows to glare back at him, ignoring her curiosity to explore the environment in which Gaston worked. At first glance, it looked just as sterile as his home, so it was probably just as horrible. But after placing a large chair in between them, she turned to face him. Her chin went up defiantly when she took in his stance, knowing that he wouldn't let her out of his office until he'd had his say.

"Okay, I'm here. Tell me what you want to say and then let me clear my materials out of your laboratory."

That stunned him. He'd pictured her ignoring him and fighting him every step of the way, but he'd never imagined her abandoning her work. He knew she'd had too much trouble gaining funding for her idea. So why was she throwing in the towel now? He wasn't sure how to handle her in this mood. He preferred the fighting, angry Elana over the sad and defeated woman standing in front of him.

It didn't matter, he told himself resolutely. He wasn't going to let her get away from him. Not again.

"I'm sorry, Elana. What I did seven years ago was stupid and pointless. And I hurt you more than I realized, not to mention making both of us miserable in the process. I'm asking you to forgive me for my stupidity."

She blinked, completely taken aback by his abject apology. She crossed her arms over her stomach protectively. "Why should I accept your apology?" she asked, but her determination was faltering. She'd pictured him demanding she put the past behind them but never in her wildest imaginings had she thought he'd completely accept blame for their breakup. This was unheard of. Gaston was strong and powerful. He never admitted defeat.

Okay, so he wasn't admitting defeat. In fact, he wouldn't even let her admit defeat. But this wasn't what she was expecting.

"You're not playing fair, Gaston."

He chuckled softly, a deep, sexy sound that make her stomach muscles tighten. "When have I ever played fair?" he asked, moving forward after pushing away from the door. "I want you. I want you in my life forever. I want all of those things we talked about seven years ago and I'm willing to admit that everything was my fault and I was an idiot."

Her chin trembled with his words.

"But don't let us suffer any longer." His heart ached to see her tears spring back into those lovely brown eyes. "Don't put us through any more torture for something I stupidly did all those years ago. I admit I was wrong, honey. What do I need to do to get us past this?"

She shook her head and couldn't stop the tears from falling once again. "Why did you do it?" she asked, her voice cracking with the pain of what they'd both endured. "And why all those women, Gaston?"

He sighed and stopped when he was less than a foot away from her. "Because I was so furious at the idea of another man touching you. I couldn't stand it."

"Why did you believe the picture? And who gave it to you?"

Gaston thought about telling her that her father had sent him the picture, but why push the pain deeper? "Does it matter who gave me the picture? I'm at fault. I should have ignored the picture. I should have believed in what we had together. I didn't then, but I'm fighting for us now. I know what we have together is special. Don't throw it away again." He paused, watching her brown eyes. "Please."

Elana was silent for a long moment, looking down at the floor. She wasn't sure what to think anymore. Gaston was still too arrogant, too confident and she wasn't sure if she could trust him. But something about him, the way he was standing and the unusual silence was telling her something. It hinted at a vulnerability that she'd never seen in him before.

When she realized that, her heart stopped, then sped up with a frantic pace, her eyes looking up at his once again. "If I told you that I'd spent the night with another man last night, what would you say?"

Gaston jerked, feeling like someone punched him in the gut but then he looked down into her pretty brown eyes. He almost laughed as his muscles unclenched and he took several steps towards her. "I would demand that you prove it."

Well THAT definitely wasn't what she'd been expecting. She straightened her shoulders defiantly, her chin lifting somewhat in disbelief. "I could have!" she snapped back at him.

Gaston actually did laugh this time. Moving even closer, wanting to pick up the chair that stood between them and toss it to the side. He understood that she needed the barrier, so he stopped right in front of it. "You didn't."

She crossed her arms over her chest and glared back at him. "I think you're a bit too confident for my peace of mind."

He leaned forward, his hands sliding into his pockets to keep his hands from reaching out and pulling her into his arms. "You like my confidence."

She huffed at that, but silently admitted that he was right. There was definitely something about his arrogance, that part of him that had absolute control and authority for everything around him, that she liked. She stiffened and tilted her head slightly. "You don't control me."

His eyes lit at that challenge and he leaned down even further. "I could," he said very softly, very seductively. "Want me to prove it?" he suggested, his eyes slipping downward, looking at her lips...then lower. His grin widened when he noticed her breasts, the indentation of her nipples through the soft, pink sweater she was wearing. When his eyes moved back to look down at hers, she knew he'd seen the evidence of her arousal. "I think I just did."

Elana wanted to contradict him, but her body was responding too quickly to his words, and the thoughts she could easily see in his eyes when he looked at her. "I might have..." she started to say but he simply shook his head, his eyes daring her to lie to him again. She stopped in mid-sentence, knowing that she couldn't lie to him very well. "I just don't want you to take me for granted," she explained softly, her body language changing, becoming more welcoming even if she didn't realize it. "I want to know that..." she stammered at how to explain her needs.

"That I love you?" he finished for her.

Her eyes snapped back up to his. "Yes," she whispered.

"And that I'll never leave you?"

She started shivering, terrified of asking him for that assurance.

"Yes," she finally said, barely audible.

She wasn't sure how he accomplished it, but the chair was no longer between them. His hands simply reached out for her and she willingly stepped into his arms, more than willing to feel as well as hear his assurance. "I love you, Elana. And I promise to spend the next fifty years trying to make up to you my stupidity for believing a picture I should have known wasn't giving me the whole story," he said, his hands holding her so tightly she could barely breathe.

Elana didn't care about breathing though. All she wanted was to feel him, to revel in his strength and know that he was hers and hers alone. "Why did you do that to us?" she demanded, her cheek against his chest as he held her close.

"I was an idiot," was all he said, pulling her up against him. "But don't let me do this to us again," he commanded, lifting her up so that he could kiss her. "Marry me, Elana!" he growled before his mouth covered hers.

Since she couldn't answer him, she just kissed him back, reveling in his power and the extraordinary way he could make her feel.

When he lifted his head and gave her a moment to breathe, he lowered her feet to the floor and pulled a ring out of his pocket. He didn't ask this time but instead, slid the ring onto her finger, then looked down at her, daring her to take it off.

Elana looked at the beautiful ring and a tear slipped from her lashes. "It's beautiful," she said, her voice shaky with emotion.

Gaston watched with fascination as she rubbed a long, elegant finger over the diamond. "When will you marry me?" he asked.

She laughed and shook her head. "The last time we were together, we talked about a big, church wedding."

He took a deep breath and rubbed his hands over her arms. "Is that what you want?" All he wanted was to get her into a church so he could marry her and know that she was his. He didn't care who was there or any of the extraneous things that went along with an elaborate wedding but if she wanted one with all the bells and whistles, she'd have it.

Placing her hand in the middle of his chest, she looked at the lovely ring and smiled through her tears of happiness. "I want you. I don't care how we go about getting there."

He laughed, delighted with her response and pulled her closer. With a swift movement, he lifted her up into his arms, swinging her legs over his arm as he carried her over to his desk.

Elana laughed and wrapped her arms around his neck, holding on while she tried to figure out what he was going to do. When he simply sat down in his large, black leather chair, settling her on his lap while he picked up his phone, she was even more confused. "Gaston? What are you doing?" she asked, laughing when he tickled her while he pulled her closer.

He wouldn't respond, but instead, dialed a number then waited for someone to pick up the phone. He looked at her as he said, "Deborah, I need to have an elaborate, dream wedding accomplished in one week. I'm marrying Elana Catelano. My secretary and her father will give you the guest list. You'll need to have wedding dresses sent to my lake house in two days so Elana can choose which one she wants to wear. Send samples for the possible menu choices to the lake house as well and we'll e-mail you our choices." He didn't wait for a response but put the phone to his chest. "What kind of cake do you want?"

Elana's mind was whirling with everything he was saying and she shrugged her shoulders, not really sure what to say. "Lemon?" she suggested.

Gaston nodded his head and put the phone back to his ear. "Lemon wedding cake and make it look original and colorful but not tacky."

With that, he ended the call and called out to his assistant who immediately walked into his office. Elana tried to slide off of his lap, but Gaston was having nothing of that. He held her right where she was with a strong hand on her legs. Since Elana didn't really want to get up, she didn't fight him, but her face was burning as the efficient looking woman approached.

"You'll need to cancel all of my meetings for the next three weeks," he said, ignoring the horrified look on the woman's face. "I'll be at my lake house for the next week, and then off on my honeymoon for the following two weeks. If there's anything that can't wait and can't be delegated, send it to me there." With that, he stood up, setting Elana on her feet before he took her hand and pulled her behind him out of the office. "Make sure I'm not bothered though."

Without another word, he left, leaving an astounded staff staring at him with their mouths hanging open as they watched their previously relentless boss pull his fiancee into his arms while the elevator doors closed on them.

Chapter 5

Rufus Catelano snickered as he took his daughter's arm. "You're doing the right thing, Elana," he said as he watched the two bridesmaids walk down the aisle. "He'll take good care of you."

Elana smiled at her father, shaking her head softly. "He's a good man, Father. I'm glad you finally approve of him."

Rufus snorted, the sound dismissing the possibility of his approval. "He's still a bastard, but at least you're happy." He took a deep breath and straightened his jacket. "Even though the man wasn't really after you."

Elana looked through the guests, her heart going out to the man standing at the front, looking magnificent in his dark suit. "What are you talking about?" she asked, but she didn't really care. She loved this man because he was her father, but she knew that he wasn't very happy. Ever since her mother had died, her father had been bitter which was why she'd stayed away from him as much as possible. She didn't want his bitterness in her life. Before, she'd had enough of it because of Gaston's betrayal. And now, she was just too happy to let it affect her.

"The man just wanted a damn book!" he grumbled. "I blackmailed him into this wedding."

Her startled eyes pulled back to her father, trying to figure out what he was saying. "Blackmailed?" she asked, distracted despite her best efforts to remain focused on the wedding.

Rufus shrugged his shoulders. "He wanted a book. I told him he couldn't have it until he married you."

Elana stared at her father, wondering why he was telling her this now. Looking up, she caught Gaston's eyes and her heart spun out of control once again. She had no idea what her father was talking about, but she refused to let him spoil this day. She'd been in Gaston's arms for the past six days and nights, arriving back in town this morning, just in time to pull on the wedding dress she'd selected and arrive at the church. "Father, if you think you got Gaston to this wedding by blackmail, I hate to disillusion you. Gaston would never put himself into a position in which he could be manipulated." She looked up at Gaston's handsome features once more and smiled. "Unless he wanted to be manipulated," she said softly, her heart filling with love for this man.

Her father harrumphed once more. "Little you know. But it doesn't matter. You're here. He's waiting for you. Everything is fine and dandy."

Elana patted her father's hands, but something occurred to her. She stilled and looked down at him curiously. "Are you the one who showed Gaston the picture of Richard and me hugging seven years ago?"

Rufus looked away and instantly, she knew the answer. He wouldn't admit it, at least not to her. But she knew. "Shame on you, Father," she said with a lilting laugh. "But it didn't work, did it?"

Rufus looked at his daughter with renewed respect. "No. It apparently didn't work." He was still for a moment longer before he said, "You really love him, don't you?"

Her smile widened and she couldn't pull her eyes away from Gaston's dark, intense gaze. "Yes. I really love him." She laughed softly and shivered. "And he really loves me." Taking a deep breath, she stepped forward, leading her father down the aisle towards the most amazing man she'd ever met in her life. "And if you think that you did something to him, then you're not as smart as I thought, Father. But I'm really glad that Gaston allowed you to blackmail him. It turned out perfectly."

She didn't remember walking down the aisle. But suddenly, she was standing in front of Gaston, her hand leaving her father's and moving to Gaston's strong, warm embrace. "So what's this about a book and some blackmail?" she said with a soft smile as she gazed up at her husband-to-be.

Gaston looked down at her and shook his head. "Something our fathers concocted I suppose. I have no idea."

"So you still don't have this fantasy book?"

Gaston looked down at his father, sitting in a wheelchair and an oxygen tank by his side helping him breathe. "I don't think my father even knows what's in the damn book," he replied, ignoring the priest who was waiting impatiently to start the wedding. "My father thought it was important to get us together. So it happened. I've now inherited the ridiculous thing, just to make you mine."

Elana giggled and stepped closer. "You're a very mysterious man, Gaston Montebello."

He squeezed her fingers slightly. "I wish you'd be quiet so you could become Elana Montebello," he replied, then lifted her hands to kiss them gently.

"As you wish," she laughed, then turned to face the priest, eager to marry the man she thought she'd hated for so long.

Epilogue

Elana waddled past the office then stopped and came back, her eyes gentling as she saw her husband behind his huge desk. Actually, it wasn't her husband that had caught her eye as much as her two year old son in her husband's lap. Her hand absently strayed to her stomach as she listened to the two of them speak in Spanish, her heart melting at how perfectly they looked together. Gaston and her son, Carlos, were almost identical except for their size. Every feature on her son's adorable face looked like his father's, right down to the identical glare when they became angry about something. She laughed sometimes at how similar the two were.

"Are you going to join us? Or just stare at us from the doorway?" Gaston asked.

Elana laughed, winking at her son's mischievous smile. "I suppose I could come in and take a break," she said and waddled into the office. She settled her large body down into one of the comfortable leather chairs in front of her husband's desk. "What are you two working on?" she asked.

"Are you okay?" Gaston demanded, his eyes noticing the fatigue in her eyes and around her mouth. "Did you have lunch?"

Elana didn't become irritated by his question since she still forgot to eat sometimes. "I had a sandwich and fruit about an hour ago," she assured him. "And a large glass of milk," she said, reassuring Carlos who worried that his baby sister wasn't drinking milk yet so he wanted his mother to do it for her.

She saw his shoulders relax slightly and smiled at them. "What are you two working on?" she asked.

Carlos sat up proudly and grinned from ear to ear. "Daddy is showing me pictures of your wedding day!" he announced proudly. "You look very beautiful, Momma."

Elana looked curiously at the book open on the desk. "Wedding pictures?" she asked, craning her neck to see herself.

Gaston lifted the heavy, old book and showed her what they were perusing. "I was showing him all the pictures," he explained.

"Ah. The diabolical, inherited book that seems to transfix each generation," she replied and relaxed back into her chair. "I was wondering what had come of that book. My father said he'd almost burned it a few times just out of spite."

Gaston shrugged. "It's just wedding pictures of previous generations. They aren't replaceable, but it wouldn't have been the end of the world if they'd disappeared."

Elana didn't understand. "So why did your father want the book back so desperately?"

Gaston sighed. "I don't think he cared about the book. He just didn't want your father to hold it over his head any longer. They'd hated each other for so long."

"Why?"

Gaston raised an eyebrow. "You don't know?"

"Know what?"

Carlos leaned back against his father's broad chest and relaxed. "Because Gramma was Peppe's girlfriend before she met Granpa."

Elana had to translate that. "You mean my father was dating your mother before your father stole her away?"

Gaston waved to the book as evidence. "Apparently, that's the case. It's all in a newspaper clipping here in front of their wedding pictures. There was some huge brawl between the two of them at a bar one night. My mother was forced to choose between the two of them and she chose my dad."

"Ah," Elana replied after a stunned moment. "Well that answers several questions." At first, Elana couldn't believe that her father could be so vindictive as to hold a grudge over a lost love for so many years. But as she stared at her husband, the man that made her love him more every day, she knew that she might have become a bitter, lonely old woman if this book hadn't been in existence. "Well, I guess I'm happy about the way things turned out."

Gaston raised an eyebrow at her reply. "You guess?" he demanded.

Elana laughed softly, shaking her head. "Okay, I'm elated. I'd really hate to be your sister instead of your wife."

"Me too," Carlos piped up, but his eyes were getting sleepy as his nap time approached.

"I'm pretty glad about the turn of events myself," Gaston said quietly, looking across his wide desk, his eyes promising to show her just how happy he was once their son went down for his nap in a few moments.

Elana blushed, but she smiled as well, eager for their hour or so of alone time. "Everything always works out, doesn't it?"

