Chapter 1

"I'm in," Claire Johnson whispered to herself, her fingers flying skillfully over the keyboard as she typed in the various code she would need. The low murmur of voices from the other patrons faded away, her complete concentration focused on the screen in front of her. The only pause was when she sipped her raspberry flavored cappuccino when the delicious scent of the coffee momentarily broke through her focus. She had to move fast, get the information and get out, hopefully without being detected, but more importantly, without getting caught. This project, this mission, was too important to fail.

"Ha!" she laughed as the files filled up the screen and she absently tucked a platinum curl behind her ear. With a click and a tap, she downloaded the files onto her flash drive, unknowing and uncaring that several men stopped to admire her Marylyn Monroe-like appearance. While the data was downloading, she scanned the gourmet coffee bistro, blinking chocolate brown eyes made larger with the mascara and dramatic eye liner she'd worn this morning in an effort to create a bit of excitement to her day. She glanced to the right and left of her temporarily rented computer, wondering if anyone else might know what she was doing.

She'd chosen a computer closer to the window where no one else was working so she had a bit of privacy, but she of all people knew that privacy was illusory.

Hopefully, she was still flying under the radar but nothing was absolute. That's one of the reasons she was doing this at a public facility with multiple terminals instead of at her house on her own computer. Hacking into company databases to search for information wasn't a good idea if one wanted to stay out of jail. Normally, she wouldn't have dared to do anything so drastic, but Gary had been missing for three weeks now and she was the only person who had the capability to figure out where he might have disappeared to, besides the police, who hadn't taken her seriously during her last visit.

It was also why she only accessed one database at a time, making sure no one was able to tag her and find out where she was.

After another forty five seconds, she had the information downloaded and she carefully logged off of the computer. As casually as possible, she slid the chair back and pocketed her flash drive, now filled with the information she hoped would lead her to finding her friend. Picking up her coffee and opening magazine to the latest fashion article, she strolled through the coffee shop looking as if she were trying to understand the national debt. If anyone were to look closely, they'd notice that she wasn't actually reading the article on the various shoes coming onto the fashion world this fall but Claire hoped no one was looking that carefully. Normally people in these sorts of establishments were absorbed in their own worlds, wanting privacy themselves.

Twenty minutes later, she badged herself through the gate at her work office, smiled to George, the security guard, and stepped into the elevator along with about twenty other workers returning from their lunch breaks.

With a sigh, she set her cafe coffee on the side of her desk and pulled up the latest computer code she'd been assigned to work on. Within twenty minutes, she'd fixed the code and sent it off to the programmer who was having problems, then pulled up the next code. Claire did this for four hours, one set of code after another, she worked on fixing other people's errors. Some were simple fixes that the programmers should have figured out on their own, others were slightly more complicated, but nothing took her more than a few minutes to fix. She'd been promoted to this position six months ago after being a programmer for a couple of years. Her current company thought her position was a huge advancement, had lauded her as one of the best and brightest, an up and coming star in the corporate information technology world. Unfortunately, Claire hated the job, even though the promotion came with a window office, which was nice, but the space was still cramped, beige and boring.

She didn't really think of her work as a career, since she knew she didn't want to do this for the rest of her life. It was just a job, one that paid the bills. Unfortunately, her heart wasn't really into it. She wasn't sure what she wanted to do, but fixing other people's problems definitely wasn't it and so far, she hadn't been able to work on any programming that was challenging and exciting. She knew how to write code quickly and efficiently, better than the average programmer by far. That didn't mean she had to like it though. She wanted something daring and exciting, something that was cutting edge and over the top. Something that would make a difference in the world.

As soon as she walked into her apartment that night, the phone started ringing. Dumping her laptop and purse onto a red plush chair, she picked up the phone while checking caller ID at the same time. "Hi Darcy. No, I haven't found him yet, but I downloaded a bunch of data during lunch." While her friend spoke, she walked to her personal computer, unplugged the internet connection and moved the mouse to take the system out of hibernation mode. She didn't want to analyze any data while connected. She wanted total privacy while reviewing this information, since she wasn't supposed to have it in the first place.

"Give me thirty minutes and I'll call you back. Call Emma and let her know what's going on, okay?" Claire hung up and plugged in her flash drive. Her fingers manipulated the information and she sifted through the data.

Darcy and Emma were her best friends, had been friends since college and had stayed in touch ever since. They got together about once a week now, catching up on each other's lives.

Well, she and Darcy got together. Emma was in some foreign country, married now to a gorgeous sheik and helping him run his empire. She'd just had a little girl a couple of months ago but Emma still took time away from her royal obligations to call or chat online with both her and Darcy. Their conversations were wonderful and it didn't matter that they weren't physically together anymore. Besides, Emma was madly in love with her new husband, which made her not being a physical part of their trio much easier to endure.

Claire was starting to worry a bit about Darcy though. Her friend was absolutely gorgeous with soft brown hair and the sexiest hazel eyes known to womanhood. Darcy was also estranged from her mob boss father and brother, her mother having passed away when she was younger. Darcy's father was constantly trying to get his daughter to settle down to a good mafia marriage. Darcy on the other hand, wanted nothing to do with that world, abhorring the criminal element and what they did to society. Instead, she used her celebrity status to raise money for her one and only passion; animals.

About once a month, Darcy would hit the nightclubs, getting paid to show up simply because the paparazzi would photograph her coming and going, report on anything she did, who she danced with, what she wore and anyone she spoke with. It was the perfect advertising for the nightclubs, who got their names in the tabloids and glossy magazines, and with Darcy's stamp of approval, their success was practically guaranteed. Any club Darcy showed up at became an instant success, and the current talk of the town, with other celebrities following wherever she appeared.

The fact that Darcy only showed up occasionally in public only increased her mystique, the papers frantically trying to anticipate where she might be and what she did while she was out of circulation. The rumors were rampant that she'd slept with many, many men. The truth was the complete opposite, but Darcy didn't care what the tabloids said, as long as the night clubs continued to pay her to show up and she could fund her animal rescue hospital.

Claire's concern came with Darcy's increasing celebrity status and the way the paparazzi were following her so obsessively. Men were also considering her a challenge, which was increasing her costs because she now had to hire additional body guards when she went out. It was all a game, but Claire worried that something bad would happen to Darcy, perhaps that one of her fans would take things too far, or that her attitude towards men would continue to deteriorate. It was a difficult tightrope Darcy walked, one that could cause serious harm if she were to fail in some way.

Vowing to discuss her concerns with Darcy the next time they met for lunch, Claire's fingers whipped through the data, sorting and filing much of it for later, but trying to zero in on anything that could give her a clue that Gary might be doing something for someone at this particular company. She knew he was a private investigator who had worked for Titus Securities, but mostly under cover.

After a half hour, she realized that the information she'd recovered today was useless. There wasn't a single indication that Gary had ever worked for Titus Securities, but that might be simply because she hadn't gone deep enough or that this round of data didn't include the clues necessary to determine his assignments and where he might be now, if he was simply working and not lying in a ditch somewhere, hurt and unable to get help.

Sighing with frustration, she plopped her head in her hand, closing her brown eyes before the tears of frustration started. Claire knew in her heart that something was wrong. Gary had been so sweet and attentive, always bringing her coffee at work, meeting her for lunch and bringing her flowers before almost every date, leaving her each evening with a gentle kiss and no pressure. He was the ultimate boyfriend, she remembered as she dialed up Darcy's number. She couldn't leave a man like that to some horrible fate. No, any man who wanted to just be with her on a date, who didn't make a move for something she wasn't willing to give, was definitely worth the effort to help when he was in trouble.

Except for that one little thing, she thought. The one fly in the ointment of their perfect relationship. He just didn't turn her on like she wanted. There was no fire when they touched, no sparks after, or during, any kiss. It was nice and pleasant, but Claire wanted passion. She wanted excitement and danger.

Sighing, she thought that perhaps she just couldn't have that kind of experience with a man. She was starting to suspect that she'd simply have to find that through her work life. She'd dated so many men over the years and not a single one tempted her even a little bit. Gary was kind and considerate though, which covered a lot more ground than the other men of her past. Most of them were obnoxious and few had lasted more than a couple of weeks because she simply wasn't willing to put up with their pressure to take their relationship to the next level. None of them tempted her to go down that path.

Maybe that's why she was so interested in Gary. He represented all the things she wanted to do with her life. He was kind, considerate, fun, had a very exciting career based on the cases he'd told her about on their dinner dates, and he had to disappear every once in a while for what she thought had been exciting, secret agent types of missions. Meanwhile, she was stuck in a computer job that had her tied to a desk reviewing other peoples' code.

Claire waited while Darcy's phone rang, wondering if maybe an aerobics class or perhaps a pottery class could fill the void she was feeling now.

"Nothing," she said as soon as Darcy answered the phone. "Not even a social security number that would indicate he had worked for Titus in the past."

Darcy sighed with relief. "Are you going to accept that Gary lied to you now?"

Claire sat up straighter at her desk, surprised that Darcy had jumped to that conclusion after such a short investigation. "He didn't lie to me. I just haven't found the information that can help him."

"You're being sweet and loyal, Claire. But perhaps a bit obtuse as well because you're lonely and bored, a dangerous combination with someone as brilliant as you are I'm realizing. If there's no indication that the man worked for Titus Securities, then maybe he didn't work for that company and lied about the fact that he was even employed."

Claire instantly rejected that idea. "No. In my gut, I know something is wrong. He wasn't the kind of person who would simply leave like this. He's in trouble. I can feel it."

Darcy groaned softly but the sound came through the phone lines. "Claire, you're about as stubborn as they come, aren't you?"

"Absolutely not. I prefer to think of it as tenacious," she said with a mischievous smile.

"Potato, patahto," Darcy chimed. "You're out of your mind and one of these days you're going to get yourself into a heap of trouble. The police should be looking into this guy's disappearance. Not you. You're not equipped to deal with all the intricacies of this kind of situation, despite your unquestioned brilliance at software programming."

"I went to the police. They shrugged it off like Gary had just found another girlfriend. They wouldn't believe me when I explained that I knew something was wrong."

Darcy heard the tone in Claire's voice and knew there was more to the story than what Claire was saying. "And? What happened next?"

Claire sighed. "He hit on me. Asked me out to dinner and said he'd be happy to take Gary's place."

Darcy laughed but Claire didn't think it was very funny. "You're laughing, but you don't like it either when men think you're easy. And I can't even describe the irritating leer the police office gave me as he leaned over the counter to get a closer look down my sweater. He actually thought I was too stupid to realize what he was doing!"

"I'm always amazed at how men underestimate you as well. And I'm with ya on the irritating men hitting on women side of things too," she agreed and sobered quickly. "But it's just comical the way men are around you. It's like you're some sort of honey and all the bees are flocking to you."

"That's silly. Especially coming from you. You always have a man on your arm when you hit the clubs."

"That's all advertising and contracts. The men I'm with have paid to be on my arm."

That stunned her. "Really?"

"Sure," Darcy confirmed. "My agent suggested it about a year ago. She explained that some men just wanted their names attached to mine, exactly like the night clubs. So she said we should get paid for that as well."

"Isn't that dangerous?"

"It's all choreographed, just like the night club visits. They sign a contract that is pretty tight. Some of the men reject the contract thinking a date with me might get them a chance at more, but that's their choice. The terms are non-negotiable and I'd rather know up front if a guy is going to be a problem. The contract terms easily weeds out the freaks."

Claire considered that for a moment. "Interesting," she thought, wondering if perhaps Titus contracted out help to private contractors.

"Claire, I don't like the sound of that tone. What are you thinking?" Darcy asked.

Claire was already distracted, her fingers typing in new code for her next visit to a coffee shop. "I'll get back to you when I have more details," she said and hung up before Darcy could argue with her. She loved her friend but at times, Darcy was too much of a mother hen, wanting to protect her chicks from non-existent wolves.

Chapter 2

"Another breach, sir," Jeff Fulton said as he walked into Mitch Sargent's office. Tossing a report on the man's desk, he stood in front of it, prepared to answer questions.

Mitch picked up the report, instantly irritated but not showing anything on his hard, experienced face. "Where was it this time and how the hell did someone get through our firewalls again? It's like this person doesn't even realize there's a security wall to breach, they get in to our systems much too easily."

"Anther coffee shop with pay by the hour internet access. The code is good," Gary said, letting the information sink in. "Whoever this hacker is, they're looking for something specific. The same types of files are downloaded each time."

"What type of files is the hacker getting into?" he demanded, his ice blue eyes quickly skimming through the details of the hacker's code. Mitch was impressed despite himself. This code was good and fast, going for exactly one type of file with efficiency. "Human resources data?" he guessed.

"Exactly," Gary confirmed. "None of the stolen data is confidential information but it could be pretty important."

"We do it ourselves when we need information about certain issues. We do it legally though." Mitch tossed the report onto his large, polished desk and looked out at the magnificent view from his office window. From here he could see the Shenandoah Mountains which never ceased to amaze him. Their majestic peaks and valleys, old, weathered and beaten but still standing tall in the distance, served as inspiration as well as a challenge and he loved the sight, as much as he loved this company he'd built up on his own from sweat, hard work and intelligence. Titus Securities was known internationally for ensuring corporate data and superior building security, among other things. And this hacker, although only a nuisance, he was getting into information that was none of his business. But until Mitch could figure out what they were going after, he wanted them to keep on digging.

Dismissing Jeff with a curt nod, he rubbed his chin, considering all the options. "I'll get back to you shortly," he said and turned to his computer. This wasn't a normal computer though. This puppy was state of the art with eight screens and connections to some of the world's most protected information.

His concentration was unswerving as he worked through the details of a program. Mitch didn't even notice that the daylight had faded and velvety night time was moving deep into the morning hours. When he finally looked up and stretched, he'd been working for twelve hours straight but the program he'd created was perfect. There was a Trojan horse that would be installed whenever someone hacked into one of his computer systems again. If they downloaded information from his company again, they'd also be downloading a virus that would give him the information he needed to catch the bastards.

With another few clicks on his keyboard, he sent it off to his security team with instructions on how to load it up. First thing in the morning, all the databases would be loaded and, when this hacker tried again, he'd have the location of where they were downloading the data within seconds.

Catching the person was another issue, he thought. Going down to the communications control room, he went directly to the map of Washington, DC, ignoring the shocked reactions of the late night analysts who were working on their monitors. It was extremely rare that the CEO of their company showed up in the control room.

Titus Securities was headquartered in Washington, D.C. but he had branches in fifteen other cities of the United States and twelve countries worldwide. All the coffee shops that had sponsored the hacker were located in the Alexandria, Virginia area, a suburb of Washington, D.C. which was a data point in itself. With a red erasable marker, he worked on locating each of the coffee shops. Realizing when he was done that the marks were scattered within a five mile radius of each other. Another interesting point.

As he worked on the details, the night shift shut down and the morning crew came back in, all of them staying quiet as they noticed their big boss working in the control room.

By eight the next morning, Mitch was on his second pot of coffee and Jeff strolled up next to him. Noting his boss's unshaved appearance and slightly unkempt clothing, which was normally immaculate, he deduced that Mitch hadn't left the building yet. "Find anything interesting?" he asked as Mitch grimaced on a large swallow of cold coffee. "I got more information last night," he said and showed Mitch the cross checking he'd done overnight.

Mitch was impressed and, with another few keystrokes, he loaded Jeff's information into his. As the other analysts noticed what was on the main screen, a few of them came over and started brainstorming. Mitch took their ideas, working them into what information they had and by lunch time, he had a plan and a program that would start to close in on the culprit.

"Good work, everyone," he said to the group of men and women who were the brains of his analytical operation. All of them had higher than average IQs but were a little less socially adept. As long as they could whiz through computer systems, he didn't care if they dated. They produced results and that was enough for him.

An hour later, he drove home, his sleek grey Jaguar eating up the miles into the mountain side until he came to the tree line that hid the entrance to his house. The large, white modern building was an oasis from the chaos that sometimes erupted in his business. As he walked into the house, he greeted Duke, his German shepherd guard dog and best friend who was already wagging his tale in anticipation of their nightly adventures, stripped off his clothes and walked straight out to the swimming pool. With one clean stroke, he dove into the pool, instantly feeling refreshed. He swam lap after lap for over an hour, tossing the ball to Duke who jumped into the pool after retrieving the ball, happily bringing the ball back to his master. The punishing swim and the enthusiastic antics of his fierce friend quickly cleared his mind of the cobwebs from the previous eighteen hours but he mentally continued to go through the details of his programming and trap to see if there was something else he could do to catch this person. He didn't like someone trying to hack into his company files and he was damn well going to throw the person into prison for as long as possible. The trick was catching the culprits.

Chapter 3

"We've got 'em!" Jeff called out, walking into Mitch's office a day later, barely pausing to knock. He wasn't worried about the invasion, knowing that Mitch would be more interested in catching the person who was hacking into the personnel files than maintaining his personal sanctum. "They're at this location," he said, placing a piece of paper onto Mitch's desk. "Let's go," he said and turned around.

Mitch didn't hesitate. As soon as Jeff said the words, he grabbed his coat and keys, instantly moving out of the office to follow. Normally, Mitch would never be part of an operation. He'd had his share of traipsing through the jungle and desert, capturing bad guys and retrieving whatever information or hardware needed to be retrieved. Now, however, he was a desk guy, working the business, building the company and ensuring its continued success. He left the cloak and dagger stuff to the agents who worked for him but since this was his company and the hacker was delving into his files, Mitch wanted to be more than personally involved. He wanted to take this sucker down himself.

"We'll take my car. It's faster," he said and slammed out the front door, racing to his car which was parked in the first space. The Jaguar roared to life and Mitch spun the vehicle around, racing down the road towards the address Jeff had given him. In less than fifteen minutes, he was parking in front of the coffee shop. With feigned casualness, he and Jeff stepped out of the car and into the shop. Just because they knew where the hacker was getting in, that didn't mean they would know which person in the cafe was the culprit.

The patrons all looked normal, but Mitch knew that criminals didn't wear a sign over their heads with an arrow indicating that they were "The One". Inside the internet coffee shop, there were about twenty people in the shop, all sitting in front of a computer screen typing away while sipping expensive coffee. Each one of them looked like they were focusing quite diligently on whatever was on their computer screen, which meant they weren't simply surfing the internet.

Mitch and Jeff stood in line while at the same time surveying the crowd, assessing the body language of the other people. Mitch skimmed through the crowd, his eyes surreptitiously going over every face, scanning their features, looking for clues that would give them some indication of their intent. Sometimes it was just body language that gave away the criminal. Other times, when someone was a hardened criminal or a sociopathic liar, the body language wasn't enough.

With an ear piece, he was told by his security team that the hacker had already downloaded the files but was still online. They were trying to get the number of the terminal, but because these shops were a little less technically savvy, they weren't always numbered well and most of the internet data was brought through one large networked system. A computer numbered fifteen in the system might actually be the first one in the line of physical computer terminals. It was basically a crap shoot at this point and gut instincts were in play.

Mitch looked around and noticed three people logging off. One appeared to be a student who was packing up a stack of books. Another was an elderly man and the third was a blond teenager. Check that, he thought with surprise as she stood up. It wasn't a teenager, but a woman in her mid twenties. And she was stunningly gorgeous in a bombshell sort of way. She was short, but that was relative since Mitch was six feet three inches tall so everyone was short to him. She had short, curly blond hair that was almost platinum, but he suspected that the hair color was real since her eyebrows were the same soft color and her skin was extremely pale. Her eyes though - they weren't pale but a shining, chocolate color that were almost offset by her perfect rosebud lips with a "dangerous" sort of deep red lipstick. She looked both adorable and sexy as hell, especially when she walked past and he noticed her black pencil skirt, black tights and red stiletto shoes. She pulled on a light red coat since it was a bit cool outside and he was intrigued when he got only a peek of her perfect derriere.

"Damn!" Gary said, walking up behind him and handing Mitch a cup of coffee. "What a little dynamite," he whispered. "I wish she were our culprit so I could frisk her," he chuckled.

Mitch wasn't sure why, but for some reason, Gary's comment offended him. A protective instinct he never knew he had reared its ugly head and he glared at the older man.

"Sorry," Gary said, instantly contrite and looking away from the woman who was now walking down the street, away from the parking lot.

Mitch surveyed the rest of the crowd as he and Gary sat in one of the overstuffed chairs set up by a large fireplace. The shop was very busy with people coming in and going out, all of them grabbing a cup of coffee while some sat down at one of the terminals and sifted through the internet. Patrons could purchase internet usage by the minute, hour or in larger blocks of time so there was no way he and Gary could figure out who was on the system. "Are they still online?" he asked through his microphone?

After a moment, the analyst at headquarters confirmed, "Yes, but they aren't downloading anything. If they're still using the same terminal, they're surfing the 'net."

Jeff and Mitch watched the patrons for the next fifteen minutes before the analyst said the culprit had logged off. At that time, two people left the coffee shop, Gary took one, Mitch took the other. Getting license plate numbers for both of them.

Six hours later, Mitch was still just as frustrated as he'd been the previous night but he had the added irritation of having that woman's face and figure float through his mind constantly. Every time he tried to think of something, concentrate on a problem, her face interfered. He wasn't amused and wished she would just get out of his head.

By seven o'clock that night, he gave up for the day. No sleep for thirty six hours was making him crazy he thought. That was probably why he was thinking about her and couldn't focus. But his lack of control was unacceptable.

After driving home, he put himself through a grueling workout, then he and his dog went for a ten mile run through the woods and mountain roads. Duke was up for the run, enjoying it almost as much as Mitch. Both man and dog were out of breath when they arrived back at the house. Mitch put a large bowl of dog food into Duke's bowl and pulled out from the oven the dinner his housekeeper had prepared for him. While listening to the evening news, he ate the pasta dish and worked on his computer, then took Duke out into the backyard to throw the ball around. The ritual had served both of them well for the past several years and relaxed Mitch's mind before going to bed.

That night however, he couldn't get the blond woman's face or figure out of his mind.

Chapter 4

She couldn't believe what she was seeing! Could it be possible?

Impossible!

She punched a few more keys on her keyboard and stared. The words on the keyboard didn't make any sense at all.

The names she'd downloaded earlier this afternoon obviously had nothing to do with employees of Titus Securities. Instead, and it was obviously someone's idea of a very poor joke, were the names of every cartoon character she could name, including Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig.

She bit the tip of her thumb, chewing absently at the tender flesh as her other hand slid across the keyboard, electronically sifting through the rest of the data. They were onto her!

Sitting back in her chair, she looked around at the bright colors she'd painted on the walls, but tonight, the colors didn't do anything to help her. At this particular moment, she was just a bit too stunned by someone's creativity and software ingenuity to think straight.

Tapping her pen against her upper lip gently, she considered the alternatives. She'd obviously been caught and moving forward was not the brightest idea. Hacking into this company's database was dangerous but Gary needed her help. His employment at Titus Securities was the only clue she had to go on in order to find him.

Should she abandon the search? Wait for Gary to return and hope for the best?

Or could she come up with a way to be more subtle?

If the company wasn't so damn big she would have had the information by now. Or if they'd simply replied to her inquiry about Gary's employment, this would all be over. If Gary wasn't working for Titus Securities, couldn't they just say so? And if he was, Gary was probably doing something dangerous, which was why they couldn't say he was working for them.

Quite a conundrum, she thought to herself as she stood and walked barefoot to her kitchen. Looking into the refrigerator, half her mind contemplated what she might have for dinner, while the other half of her brain started developing the code that might take her below the radar once again, and get in undetected. She wasn't going to give up on a guy that made her feel so secure just because a silly programmer thought she or he could out do her. Nope, this was one guy in a million!

Claire poured herself a glass of milk, tucked a stray curl behind her ear, then went back to her computer. She could do it, she thought to herself, feeling the now familiar energizing sense of excitement and danger as she considered the possible code that would make her idea work. It would be slower, but it might just work, she thought.

With the exhilaration of doing something new, something dangerous and outside the rules, Claire let her mind take over. She wanted to do this, not only for Gary anymore, but also for herself. Her job was boring and she definitely wanted to outmaneuver the prankster who had corrupted her code last time. Cartoon characters indeed! She'd show him!

It was late at night, or more appropriately, early in the morning, when she finally finished. She still hadn't tested her new code, but she could do that later in the morning and see if it would work on her test data. Smiling to herself, she fell into her bed, not even bothering to pull down the purple and red silk comforter.

The following night, she was comfortable with the idea that her code would work. After yet another horribly boring day at work, she was up for an adventure. Claire testing her code one more time through her office computer, ran the results against her samples and knew that she'd be able to get through. As the tingle of excitement raced through her system, she grabbed her keys and headed out. She had an idea.

It was ten o'clock in the evening and she parked far enough away that she wouldn't be noticed. And if someone actually thought about her car parked in this particular place, there was a trail to the left she could walk down to get a closer look, and no one would question her Jeep in this wooded area. Maybe this late at night, perhaps, she chuckled to herself. But that was just more of the fun.

Taking her backpack out of the back seat, she stepped out of her car and locked it, then started down the trail. Only a short distance away, she found the perfect spot. It was a nice outcropping of rocks set back from the trees, but with a perfect view of the house. At least she hoped it was his house. The man was pretty private, but her superior investigative skills as well as her tenacity and curiosity, had served her well once more. She would know in a little while if this was the place.

What she was doing here, she had no idea. The CEO of Titus Securities most likely wouldn't know if Gary was working at his company. With so many employees, it was doubtful that he had any information about anyone other than his executive staff, but the man had made himself into a challenge and now she was going to find out more.

About thirty minutes later, she lucked out by seeing the man come back from a run. "Hmm," she thought, impressed that he actually worked out. That was a point in his favor, even if his IT team had blocked her out with their ridiculous counter code which had given her bogus data.

Lifting her camera, she snapped a few shots, smiling when the man's dog pranced around the corner. Both man and dog looked equally rejuvenated by the run. Both man and dog then dove into the pool and swam laps. The dog looked to be chasing after the man, but Claire still thought it was probably lots of fun. Chasing balls was next, the man threw and the dog chased and Claire snapped pictures of all of it. She couldn't see the man very well from this distance, but she was hoping the digital pictures could be enhanced on her computer tomorrow night.

Mitch tossed the ball one more time to Duke, then called him in with a whistle. Duke immediately came to Mitch's side and rubbed against his leg. Something wasn't right, Mitch thought, rubbing the dog's ears as they walked inside. Both master and canine were well worn out but something was making his neck itch. That was a feeling he'd learned never to ignore so he as he walked into the house, he surreptitiously looked into the area close to the house. Nothing seemed out of place but he closed and locked the doors, setting the alarm for the night before heading into the kitchen for some water.

Looking out the living room windows without turning on the lights made him invisible in the darkness. It took several minutes of patience and luck but he saw a slight movement on the mountain to the right. A small figure was walking down a pathway, accidentally caught in the bright moonlight. Otherwise, he wouldn't have seen the person. He couldn't identify who it was, or anything else about the intruder, but he'd make sure that, if they came back again, he'd get better look.

Chapter 5

The coffee shop was too empty, she thought. She needed more people, others that would cover her usage more effectively.

Glancing at her watch, she noted that she still had plenty of time on her lunch break. Slipping back out of the shop, she went back to her car and drove about a mile south, finding another shop that was much busier. This one was unfamiliar, but probably better because it served sandwiches at lunch time instead of just coffee and pastries. More chaos, more cover, she told herself as she paid for her computer time and coffee, then sat down at the assigned terminal.

While she logged on, she looked around, checking just in case to see if someone was watching her. She knew she was being paranoid, or maybe just overly dramatic, but after the last visit to a coffee shop, she was being a bit more cautious. The tall men who had arrived about fifteen minutes before she'd left had looked suspiciously like law enforcement. The taller one was gorgeous with his penetrating grey eyes and muscular body, but since she wasn't in the market for a boyfriend, she had dismissed him as she'd walked by.

Well, she'd tried to at least. The obnoxious man had taunted her in her dreams at night, coming to her bedroom and making love to her until she woke up crying out in frustration. That was ridiculous, she thought. She had never felt anything like that for a man. Ever! She'd been mildly attracted to some of her boyfriends, but none had driven her to distraction like in the romance novels. Or like that man had with only his glance. She'd felt his eyes on her and had looked away as she normally did when a man was too obvious. But for some reason, this time, she wasn't able to dismiss him so easily. He hadn't been intimidated by her non-verbal rejection which was highly unusual.

Nor did she want anyone like that. She was so tired of dating men who thought it was their right to crawl into her bed after the first date. Men were just horrible beings, she told herself, not for the first time. The fact that the tall man had invaded her dreams only made her more determined to find Gary. He was nice and considerate, always thinking of her feelings. She doubted the tall guy would even buy her flowers much less respect the fact that she wasn't going to sleep with him.

Claire could just imagine a date with that one. Dinner at some cheesy restaurant he thought would impress her, champagne or some other alcoholic drink that was intended to loosen her inhibitions, a bunch of talk based on what he liked and where he'd traveled, what he did for a living and how important he was. Not a single question about her hopes and dreams. And then, at her door when he so "respectfully" walks her to her doorway, the embrace that only he thinks of as passionate while all she could do is back up and push against his shoulders in an effort to get his tongue out of her throat.

Ugh! Men, she thought, tapping the keys on the well used keyboard a bit more firmly than normal as she thought about the mornings after those dreams. She'd actually had to take a cold shower! How ridiculous was that? Women didn't take cold showers, men did!

Her fingers only hesitated once, and that was right before she pressed send to start the program that would break in and download what she needed. She was irritated that her moral compass was jumping in at this point in the game. In the end, her fear for Gary overrode her internal code against breaking the law.

It took less than thirty seconds before she knew there was a problem again. Someone was onto her, she realized. How could they have known what she'd come up with this time?

She pressed a few more keys, initiating her backup program, all the while, looking around at the other patrons. With the second program running, she gave herself a sigh of relief. It was working this time, and from the looks of the information coming through, the data was accurate now.

Thankfully, she was done in less than sixty seconds after that. Not waiting around, she tapped a few more keys, which launched her cover up program, grabbed her cappuccino and flash drive and was walking out the door less than ten minutes after she'd walked in.

As she stepped behind the building to get to her car, she heard the car zooming by. Initially she told herself to just keep moving, but something inside her wouldn't stop. Peeking around the corner, she waited, wondering if her instincts were correct.

Sure enough, the same two men who had been at the previous coffee shop were entering this one. Coincidence? She didn't think so.

Relieved that she'd missed them, if only by a close time period, she hurried down the street, ducking through the pathway that had become overgrown with leaves and vines. Her feet were aching a bit with the high heels and the longer than normal walk, but something inside her told her not to slow down.

Her car was visible across the parking lot and she pulled her keys out, more than ready to drive away and be gone. She'd just unlocked her door with the fob remote and was about to open the door when a hand stopped the top of the door from opening.

Spinning around, about to protest at whoever was pressing against her door, when her eyes took in that man. The one from the coffee shop a few days ago. The one from her dreams. And the one who had just zoomed by in a sleek, expensive car before storming into the coffee shop she'd been in only moments before.

He was taller than she'd thought. And bigger. Bigger everywhere, she realized. Leaning back against the car, she stared up at him, her breath catching in her throat as she realized that this was not a man to mess around with. And if her instincts were correct, she'd just messed with his employer.

"Why the rush?" his deep voice asked as he took his hand off her car, knowing she wouldn't be going anywhere now. To give her a false sense of security, he stepped back, crossing his arms over his chest and giving her a bit of space.

Claire took a deep breath, praying her racing pulse wouldn't give her away. Trying to appear calm, she put a hand to her throat and smiled as brightly as possible. "Goodness, you scared me."

"I meant to scare you. I suspect that we have a bit of business to discuss." He let that comment sink in a bit, watching the slight twitch of her eye that indicated the fear that was seeping through her aura of confidence. "Where are you going in such a hurry?"

Claire bluffed it out. She didn't know this man and he didn't know her. He couldn't possibly know what she'd been doing. "I have to get back to work, but I'm not sure what business it is of yours."

The man glanced over to the parking meter and shook his head. "You just got here. Only a bit over ten minutes has lapsed on your meter."

Claire glanced in that direction, frantically trying to come up with an excuse as to why there was still fifty minutes on her parking meter. "That's the remainder of the second hour. I've already been here too long."

"Why did you put so many coins in if you knew you had to race back to work?"

Claire cursed him for being so logical. The truth was, she'd filled up the meter just to avoid any kind of suspicion if she'd loaded the meter up with less than an hour. There weren't too many reasons in this small area that would require only ten minutes of one's time. Ironic that the extra time was now making her look suspicious anyway. "Just to be safe," she thought lamely.

He moved slightly, and that shift put his hand in contact with the hood of her car. "You're engine is still warm. Admit it, you just arrived and now you're leaving as quickly as possible. Why is that?"

Claire wasn't sure what to say, but remembered the phrase, "The best defense is a good offense". "Why are you stopping me? I really need to get back to work," she said and turned to get into her car. She intended to simply drive off and leave him in the dust, but that plan didn't really work.

"I think you're just trying to get away from me," he said softly behind her.

She spun around, then realized that was a mistake because he was so close. He smelled absolutely wonderful, she thought, then looked up into his grey eyes, her breathing fast for a completely different reason. Gone was her fear that he would know she'd been doing some illegal hacking. Replaced by the fear of him as a man, of someone who might know something about her that she didn't want revealed, something she wasn't prepared to handle and wanted to hide from for a bit longer. "Why would I want to do that?" she asked desperately, trying to focus but with him being this close, the heat and spicy, male scent of him made her brain fizzle out.

"Good, then you'll come have lunch with me."

He stepped back and Claire took a deep breath. "Excuse me?"

"Lunch. There's a great sandwich restaurant right behind this building. You'll love it," he said and put a hand to the small of her back to lead her away from her car.

Claire looked back at her car, then up into the man's ice grey eyes. "I really,..."

Mitch stopped and looked down into those soft, scared eyes and something stopped him from doing what he knew he should do. He couldn't call the police, despite the fact that he was almost sure this was the woman who had been hacking into his systems.

Instead of turning her in, he needed to...he wasn't exactly sure. But one thing was certain, she wasn't leaving him right at the moment. "No you don't. I would guess that you've already worked several hours of overtime and could easily spare the extra time to have lunch with me. My name's Mitch, by the way," he said as they walked up the sidewalk, the brick wall of the building to her left, the brick wall of his body to her right.

Claire considered her options. This man was dangerous on so many levels but the most urgent right now was the fact that she really needed to bluff her way out of this hacking situation. Put his mind at ease somehow, make him think he's trapping her for no apparent reason. The only other alternative was to run, which probably wasn't a good idea. She considered that option for maybe three seconds before discarding the possibility, assuming she'd fail as soon as she tried it. She could go forward or backwards, but this man seemed intent to catch her no matter which way she went.

"Fine. A sandwich would be okay."

He smiled down into her angry face as they turned the corner which took them to the front of the building. He opened the door and held it open for her and she gritted her teeth as she was forced to walk under his arm, reinforcing that he was so much taller than she was since she didn't even need to duck. Her height had never bothered her before so it must be something about this man that irked her.

They sat down at a small table by the front window and he politely handed her a menu. A waitress arrived to take their drink order and after that, Claire concentrated on reading every lunch item description available.

Mitch waited patiently while the woman sitting across from him avoided eye contact, a sure sign that she was guilty of something even if he hadn't suspected her before now. She certainly was a gorgeous little thing, he thought. Too bad she was a criminal, otherwise, he'd go after her socially. This was completely a professional issue though so he needed to keep his mind on the target.

As she bent intently over the menu, he could see down her white linen shirt and he definitely liked what he saw. He knew she had no idea she was giving him such an enticing view though. She didn't like him one bit, he suspected, and that only increased his confusion over his reaction to her. He almost laughed because she was such a little firebrand. If she could, he knew she'd be spitting fire across the table at him right now, turning him to smoldering cinders. Well, he was smoldering all right. Just not the way she wished.

That's okay, he thought as he surveyed her legs which were crossed but still sticking out from the small table. She had possibly the sexiest set of legs he'd ever seen, and on such a short body, he was impressed. He wasn't sure about the absolute sexiest though. He'd have to get a better view of them for a good comparison.

When the waitress arrived to take their order, Claire still wasn't ready. She'd tried to read the menu, but with him staring at her like that, she couldn't concentrate. He must have known she was still undecided because he picked up his menu and glanced down to remind himself of his own preference, then he casually told the waitress that Claire would have the cheeseburger with extra fries. Her mouth watered at the idea, but it was mighty presumptuous of him to take the decision out of her hands.

"What if I don't eat meat?" she asked, shoving the menu back into the holder that was leaning against the wall. "That was pretty rude of you to order for me."

"It was expeditious since you hadn't decided. Besides, you don't strike me as a vegetarian." His eyes moved over her features, then down her shirt, taking it all in and making that pulse leap once more into overdrive. "Are you?" he asked softly.

Claire's hand moved to her blouse and she pulled the edges together, feeling a bit odd and hot despite the cool air of the quaintly intimate restaurant. "No. But my point was that you don't even know my name, so why would you assume that I wanted a cheeseburger?"

He shrugged his shoulder slightly and took a sip of his iced tea. "You do though, don't you?"

Claire sighed and waved off the argument. "It's fine, as good as any of the sandwiches I suppose. You're missing the point."

"The point being that you haven't told me your name?"

She rolled his eyes at his intended obtuseness. "My name is Claire," she said and almost stuck her hand out with a formal introduction, but she didn't want to touch him. She wasn't sure why, but the heat she could feel coming across the table from him wouldn't be good to experience firsthand, no pun intended. "What do you do, Mitch?" she asked, trying to change the subject.

"This and that."

She shook her head. "That's an evasive answer. Tell me specifically what you do and we'll start this conversation over again."

"I have my own company. What do you do?"

She crossed her arms over her chest. "I love to bake," she said, adding in her own evasiveness since his response was so deliberately vague.

"Back at you, doll. Specifics."

"Brownies. I absolutely love baking brownies!" she enthused. No change in his expression, she noticed. Leaning forward, she was intrigued despite herself. Men usually gushed all over the place trying to impress her with their careers and importance. "You don't appear to be dazzled but you've got to taste my brownies before you judge. I put extra chocolate chips in them, sometimes white chocolate if I want really sweet ones, then I bake them only about half the time suggested on the box."

He smiled slightly. "I'm guessing that, just like a recipe or cooking times, you consider most rules only suggestions or guidelines."

She was a bit taken aback by that description, not sure if it was flattering or not. The look in his eyes suggested that he liked a slightly rebellious personality, but his body language told her a different story. "Why do you say that?"

He shrugged slightly. "You strike me as the type of person who would go charging into situations that are dangerous and figure that out too late."

She smiled brightly, instantly complimented. "That's a really sweet thing for you to say."

He chuckled, the sound deep and vibrant, skimming along her skin and making her tingle with excitement. "That wasn't' a compliment."

She leaned forward, her arms on the table as she considered him for a moment. "Are you the rules kind of guy or do you color outside the lines?"

"Depends on the situation. Can you give me an example?"

"At work. Do you reach for the sky and try and do things differently from all your competitors? Or do you sneak around the edges and hope no one notices you creeping up on them?" She looked at him carefully and shook her head. "I don't think either one."

He raised one eyebrow. "So you think you can interpret my business style simply from our short meeting."

She shrugged and leaned back. "You thought I wanted a cheeseburger and you didn't even know my name."

"Ah, but that's different."

"How so?"

"You glanced over at the man's plate by the doorway when we walked in and hesitated."

She looked taken aback. "I did not!"

"You did. It was small, but you did, and that's why I knew you wanted a cheeseburger. I didn't need to know your name to discern your lunch preference."

Claire turned around and looked at the man by the door. Sure enough, she remembered him and he was biting into a very juicy cheeseburger as she watched. Her mouth watered just at the sight of him biting down and she sighed. "Okay. I'll give you that one."

He barely moved but she noticed the amusement in his eyes. She narrowed her own brown ones and looked across the table at him. The waitress arrived at that moment with their food and Claire watched as he politely smiled at the waitress, who was definitely trying to get his attention, but then turned back to her, waiting for her to finish her thought.

Despite the warm, tingly feeling that started in her stomach when he dismissed another woman in preference for her, she still didn't trust him. "I would wager that you're the sneaky kind. You tend to blind side your competition and they don't even know that you are invading their turf or business area before you've taken over their territory."

He didn't respond to her comment but instead bit into his sandwich which looked almost as delicious as her cheeseburger.

"Am I right?" she asked, wrapping her hands around the very large burger and taking a bite, savoring the burst of juice and flavor. Even the cheese was delicious, and not an ordinary cheddar or American style. This was definitely something different and she loved it. "Oh wow," she said, wiping the edges of her mouth with her napkin. "This is incredible! I think this just became my favorite lunchtime place."

"Which brings up the question, what were you doing in the parking lot before, if you weren't eating lunch over here?"

She shrugged and brought her burger to her mouth once again. "Why do you assume that I don't work around here?"

"Because you're dressed in a sleek, red dress with a black and white checkered coat with peep toe red heels."

She looked at her outfit, and shrugged. " And?"

"And...." He said as he pointed to her purse, "your purse is too sophisticated."

"What's wrong with my purse?" she demanded.

"Nothing is wrong with it, but it proves that you don't work in this area."

She looked around and noticed that there weren't any large businesses. Only small store fronts with antiques and restaurants, the occasional jewelry store. "Maybe I own one of the stores."

"You don't." And he took another bite of his sandwich.

"What makes you so sure?"

"If you worked around here, you wouldn't have been trying to rush off to get back to work, you wouldn't have parked behind the restaurant and the engine of your car wouldn't still be warm, indicating you'd been driving for a significant amount of time before parking. Owning a store in this area would mean you'd have your own parking space behind your shop and no need to move it during the day since this section of the city is pretty small and isolated. Instead of driving, you would have simply walked back to your store." He took a sip of tea and watched her carefully. "So are you going to tell me where you work?"

She burst out laughing, genuinely impressed with his logic. "And my outfit? How does that fit into your deductions?"

His eyes moved down, then slowly up her figure once again, obviously enjoying the view and her squirm as she tried to sit still during his perusal since she'd prompted it with her curiosity. "This is more of a hippy, grunge area. The store owners in this section of the city go out of their way to wear earthy, toned down clothes and artsy kinds of jewelry. You definitely don't fit that image."

If she hadn't been dating Gary, she might even be attracted to this man.

That thought stunned her so much she broke off the laugh and leaned back, embarrassed when his sharp eyes caught the movement and sharpened. To hide the heat flaring up her neck and cheeks, she took another bite of her burger.

"You're not going to tell me what you do, are you?"

She swallowed painfully, then looked up at him. "Why do you want to know so badly?"

He watched her as he said, "Before we sat down for lunch, I was contemplating having you investigated you for criminal hacking, breaking into my company's databases for some reason, the answer for which I haven't yet discovered but soon will know the whole truth. But now that we've been talking, I have other plans for you."

Claire almost dropped her glass of ice water. Instead, she carefully placed it on the table and put her now shaking hands under the table where he couldn't see them. "Why in the world would you think I was a hacker?" she asked and cleared her throat since it sounded like she'd just swallowed a frog. "And what makes you think you can make any plans for me, no matter what you think of me?"

He finished off his sandwich and washed it down with ice tea, her fascinated gaze watching the muscles of his neck move while he swallowed. After he'd put his now empty glass down, those penetrating grey eyes moved right back to watch her, making her squirm as she waited for his answer. Then he said simply, "You're going to come work for me. The code you wrote was exceptionally good. I want you working on my team."

She stared back at him as if he'd grown a second head. Of all the things she'd anticipated him saying, that was not even on the list of possibilities. "I'm not sure I understand."

He shrugged and signaled to the waitress for the check. "It's simple. You're going to tender your resignation today at whatever computer company you're currently employed with. And then you'll come work for me but you'll be working in an area that will be a bit more challenging than what you've currently been doing."

"What makes you think my work isn't challenging?"

"Because if you were challenged, you wouldn't be hacking into my personnel files."

Claire's entire body when hot, then cold with the realization that he'd accurately zinged her. "You don't have any proof."

He smiled slowly. "Are you sure? Should I track that last hack back to....maybe the cafe across the street? The same place you bought a cup of coffee and some internet time? Probably with your personal credit card? I'm guessing you have the data in your purse somewhere, probably on a flash drive?" At the telltale biting of her lower lip, he continued, "There was some hidden code in the last batch. Are you challenging me?"

She only stared back at him, unsure what to say.

"I thought not." He tossed some bills down on the table and stood up, reaching for her hand and tucking it into his arm as he pulled her out of the restaurant. "Give your boss your resignation, with one week notice and meet me in my office next Monday morning at eight o'clock sharp."

They were walking back to her car, her fingers numbly holding onto a business card he'd handed to her. She was too terrified to read the words, sunshine and fear were making her eyes blurry.

When they reached her car, he stopped her, turned her around to face him. "Are you okay to drive?"

She automatically nodded her head but she wasn't sure of anything.

He watched her and then shook her head. "No you're not." He took her keys and led her to the passenger side. "Come along. I'll drive you to your office. I actually think there's a way to make your transition even faster."

"Why in the world would you want to do that?"

He handed her into the car and leaned down. "Because I suspect that, working for me is the only way to keep you out of trouble." And he slammed the door closed.

A few seconds later, he slipped into the driver's side and revved her engine. "Where do you work?" he asked, waiting patiently for her answer.

Claire looked at him in the tiny confines of her tiny car, a Mini Cooper wasn't the best choice for a man of his size, but he actually fit, amazingly. He didn't look particularly comfortable, but nor were his knees up around his ears.

Twenty minutes later, Mitch was coming out of the CEO's office, both men were laughing and shaking hands as they departed.

Mitch was smiling as he waved for Claire to follow him. She considered ignoring his unspoken command but she was simply too curious to find out what had been said behind closed doors to wait. When they got into the elevator, she looked up at him expectantly but when he just watched the numbers descend on the elevator indicator. "So?" she demanded. "What did he say? What did you say?"

"You start working for me tomorrow morning. You'll receive your full vacation pay, by the way."

Claire watched his face, waiting for more but he just ignored her curiosity, she became angry. "You're not going to tell me anything, are you?"

Mitch chuckled at the fury shooting at him in her lovely brown eyes. "That need-to-know-everything trait got you into this. I'm counting on it when you come to work for me. I'm pretty sure it's an asset, as long as it's appropriately channeled."

Claire glared at him with her arms crossed over his chest. "You're a real pain in the neck, do you know that?"

They walked out of the building and were standing by his gorgeous sleek car, the sun shining down on them, making Claire squint as she looked up at his face. "But you're attracted to me, aren't you?"

She huffed and took a step back. "Absolutely not! I prefer kind and considerate men to obnoxious-take-charge-under-all-circumstances men."

His mouth smiled slightly and he shook his head. "Liar. We're going to have to work on that part of your personality. It's going to hinder progress on the relationship we're going to have."

Claire turned away. "I'll see you tomorrow at work. But I can guarantee that there will be no relationship between us."

"I accept that challenge." He admired her butt as she walked away, every part of her body was the sexiest thing he'd ever seen. Her hips swayed as she walked away and he liked her shapely legs. She was shorter than the women he'd dated in the past. But as she pulled the door open to her old company's office, he saw her look back once again and knew that there was just as much interest on her part as there was on his.

Chapter 6

Claire almost laughed at herself in the mirror. Turning to the left and right, she thought she looked like a female James Bond. "Go get 'em girl!" she told her reflection.

Tossing her backpack over her shoulder, she swished out the door, excitement making her footsteps lighter and faster. She felt as if she had a purpose in her life now and she loved it. She was going to find Gary no matter what and she was still convinced that he was working for Titus Securities, she just didn't know in what capacity. But if she didn't hear something from him in the next few days, she was going back to the police.

Tonight was all about finding something that would give her the evidence so the police would take her seriously this time. Being asked out for a dinner date was definitely not ranking in the "serious" code of conduct. She was determined to make sure this worked tonight.

If she couldn't get in through the back door, she told herself as she locked her apartment door and almost danced down the stairs to the parking lot, she would get in through the front door.

As she got into the car, her mind mentally went over all the different things she'd need for the night. She'd worked out a program that would get her through the house security system, she had the lock picking set and she'd been practicing on the different door knobs she'd bought at the hardware store. Only a couple had been a challenge so she was confident that she could pick any of the locks she ran into. She had her computer access code program and she was fairly certain that she could access any computer and download the hard drive relatively quickly. Ten minutes, in and out and she'd hopefully have the information she needed and Mitch would never be the wiser.

Claire was set, she told herself as her Mini engine turned over. It was only a thirty minute drive from her apartment complex to the small road she'd been accessing this past week. The road had served her pretty well each time she'd come so she felt okay about driving down one more time. Biting her lip, something told her that the road wasn't as safe as she'd thought previously. But as she peered down the dark lane, she convinced herself she was being silly. Nothing was different, no leaves out of place, the boulders were exactly as they had been on her previous visits. And most importantly, the shadows didn't move. Moving shadows were scary and dangerous, she said, chuckling to herself as she tried to prime herself up for the night's adventure.

Getting out of her car, the back of her neck tingled but she ignored the feeling and locked her car. She didn't miss the irony of locking her car with an ordinary key when she was about to break into a highly secured private residence, maintained by a security specialist.

Tossing her backpack over her shoulder, she made her way through the tall, silent trees, along the small, rugged pathway that led to the house. She'd done this several times over the past week so she was starting to feel like she knew the trail pretty well.

When she reached the opening where she could view the house, she crouched down, carefully watching the scene. It was about ten o'clock at night, which was the normal time for Mitch to go for his run with his huge dog. It was odd though because usually she got here just in time to watch him leave. He must have already gone she assumed, since there was no movement in the house. The lights were dark and everything looked too quiet.

What if he was asleep already? The man worked long hours, at some point he'd have to finally take a break. But what if he was still at the office? That would mean the dog was still at home alone. She didn't relish the idea of running into that beast but she had a contingency plan for that as well. Taking the plastic bag out of her pack, she opened it up, her stomach growling at the smell of the freshly cooked steak she'd brought to distract the dog. She wouldn't eat this one though. The sleeping pill she'd stuffed into the side might be an issue if she wanted to actually finish her mission tonight versus tomorrow morning, or finding herself in a jail cell. Claire almost smiled at the idea of Mitch coming back and finding her asleep on the floor of his family room after she got too hungry and ate the steak.

"Time to move in," she whispered into the darkness. Looking to her left and right, she carefully moved closer to the fence. Crouching low, she pulled the alligator clips from her back and connected each to one of the fence posts. The small spark of electricity told her exactly what she'd expected. The fence was hot. Chuckling, she turned the dial and waited three second. A moment later, the clips stopped sparking and the amp meter showed that the fence was now neutralized.

Climbing the fence, she tossed her backpack over, then climbed up herself, following down the other side but a bit slower since she had to actually climb. As she turned to face the house once again, she contemplated the possibilities of the space between herself and the house. She wasn't sure about the area in front of her. There was a large yard and anything could be hidden among the trees and landscaping closer into the building. Listening carefully, she tried to concentrate to see if she heard anything. Mainly the angry growl of a protective German shepherd watching out for his turf, but there was nothing. Only silence. Too much silence?

Shaking her head, she moved forward, pulling out another box. This one she'd built to measure any kind of electric currency. Even though nothing was showing up, she still moved carefully, but quickly. The man was only on his evening run, so she'd given herself barely ten minutes to get in, download the data on the laptop and get out. She was even more anxious since she hadn't seen Mitch leave. Assuming he could be back sooner rather than at his normal time, she re-calculated the time she had left before he might return, she sped up slightly. She knew he ran ten miles in the evenings which normally brought him back in under an hour and a half. But since she didn't know what time he started, she had to hurry.

At the door, she had to shake her head as she quickly and easily picked the lock on the side door. A security company owner with a door this easy to open? The electronic code was a piece of cake, only taking a few seconds before the program she'd written had deciphered the code and released the lock.

Taking a deep breath, she tried to convince herself that opening the lock hadn't been too easy. Shaking her head, she told herself that she'd been reading way too many mystery novels lately and pushed the door open, stepping inside what looked to be a mud room or some sort of utility area. It was very neat with tools lining one wall, held in place by a peg board and hooks, and storage bins on shelves in another area. Her curiosity was killing her to find out what was inside those bins, wondering what a bachelor man would need so many storage units for, but she was on a mission and couldn't be distracted.

Walking carefully through the room, she found the door and inched it open. When no alarms sounded, and no growling came through the crack, she slipped out of the room, staying close to the wall as she walked down a hallway. Claire wasn't exactly sure where Mitch kept his computer, but assumed it would most likely be in one of the empty bedrooms upstairs, which was where she kept hers in her apartment.

She frowned slightly as she wandered through the house. The man had a gorgeous, huge house but all the rooms were empty. She hadn't noticed that while she'd been spying on him over the past few days, but then, she'd been fascinated by the man versus his house, and his fun interactions with the German Shepherd. If he caught her...she pushed that out of her mind. Better to focus on finding out about the man rather than that last encounter out in front of her previous company.

Her fingers trailed along the edge of a book case, the only part of the room that was filled up. The man really loved to read, she thought but didn't dare turn on even her small flashlight to see the titles. That was just asking to get caught, so she was extra careful not to give out any light. Even her hair was covered tonight, not wanting the moonlight to reflect off her platinum curls.

She reached up and scratched her head, wishing she could take off the wool cap but knew better than to give in to personal inconveniences. This was a mission, she reminded herself. She had work to do and learning more about this enigmatic man that so fascinated her was not her top priority.

Claire smiled with anticipation as she thought about seeing him the next day. Any type of communication with that man just made all of her nerve endings sizzle with excitement. It was so much better than picking a lock or hacking into a computer system.

She was just about to take the first step up the stairs when the glinting from the moonlight caught on something in the family room. She stepped into the dark room and looked around. It was more of a great room than a family room, but she refused to satisfy her curiosity since she now had the computer in her sights. Instead of in a spare bedroom made into an office, Mitch kept his computer in the middle of his great room. Huh!

She sat down and quickly booted up the computer, her fingers flying over the keys as she worked the code that would let her bypass the password. Within seconds, she was in, again amazed that Mitch would have so little security on his home computer. Of course, there were multiple layers of security, but she'd expected that and had a workaround for it.

Claire froze. She was about to put the flash drive into the port when she thought she saw something to her left. Impossible! She thought. But her fingers started shaking which slowed down her speed. Something was wrong. She could feel it and she knew instantly that she needed to get out of there. Just a few more seconds and she'd have the computer's security system beaten, she told herself. Don't let the silence get to you, she thought. Just calm down....

She was strolling slowly through the next room, wondering what the empty room could be used for when she heard the front door open and close. Claire's heart beat went into overdrive as she frantically looked around for a place to hide. There wasn't anything, literally nothing, in the room. No curtains, no furniture. Not even carpeting since the enormous room was done in shiny hardwood that beautifully reflected the moonlight through the uncovered wall of French doors on two sides. There weren't even any shadows!

Claire hurried back to the previous room where at least there were book cases that might distract her silhouette. Was there someone else here? Or was it Mitch? Good grief, being caught breaking into his house was bad enough. Breaking in and being caught, that would just be the end of her great new job. She didn't think she could explain this away.

Claire's face flamed in the darkness at the memory of her dreams where his strong, powerful arms were holding her against him and his extremely large hand covered her breast, of waking up so hungry for him that she was actually aching inside.

She almost smiled at the memory and how he might react if she were to tell him what she'd been dreaming about for the past few nights, but then the whistling started. Oh no! It was Mitch! He was back early! Why wasn't he on his normal killer run like he normally did at this time of the evening? He'd been working until eight or nine o'clock every night this past week and then hitting the asphalt for his normal grueling workout. Why did he have to pick tonight to change his routine? What kind of luck was she running these days?

"Come on Duke," he called out.

Claire's heart nearly stopped when she heard the massive dog's name being called. Mitch's deep voice called Duke again, obviously when the beast didn't instantly obey.

Claire wanted to run, but there wasn't any place to go. She started to turn, intending to try and move toward the front of the house since Mitch seemed to be heading towards the back where the kitchen was located.

She was turning slowly, praying her feet wouldn't make any noise when she stopped, her stomach dropping out of her body and her breath catching in her lungs. There he was, Duke himself, sitting not three feet away. The huge dog didn't move. He didn't sniff or in any way give away her location. He simply sat there, calmly watching as Claire realized his presence.

She didn't move a muscle, frantically trying to remember what she was supposed to do with a threatening dog, one who could viciously tear out her throat without a second's pause. Get lower, she thought. Dog's want to be in charge, want to be the alpha male. But her knees wouldn't move. Her body wouldn't move. She realized she couldn't even call out for help because she was so completely terrorized by this enormous beast as it waited for her next move.

Just as she was telling her knees to bend, praying her mind would start to work and comply with her only knowledge of how to tame an animal, a whistle came from the back of the house. "Duke, heel."

Instantly, the dog's attention was diverted, his head snapping around to stare away from where she was standing and into the portion of the house where there was light.

On seemingly silent feet, the animal stood and walked away as if there was nothing wrong with a stranger being in his master's home.

It took several more moments before Claire's heart slowed enough for her blood to start pumping once again. Another few more moments until her brain functioned. Finally, her feet moved and she was able to start her forward momentum to exit the house as quickly as she could, not sure what Mitch's reaction would be to finding her here in his house.

She made her way as silently as possible towards the front door, thinking if she could just make it to the door, she could sprint out and make a run for it. Mitch would know someone had been there, but maybe if she were fast enough, he wouldn't know who it was.

At the door to the first darkened room, she peered around the corner to make sure the coast was clear. Mitch wasn't anywhere in sight. Letting out a deep breath, she was just about to step towards the front door when she dropped her gaze. There he was again - standing between her and the front door. Between her and freedom. Duke's large brown and black head with the intelligent black eyes simply watched her, as if he were laughing at her attempt to escape from his house without his knowledge and permission.

She considered trying to walk around him, but when she took a step, Duke stood up, his head completely focused on her.

"Go away," she said, shooing the animal with her hands. When that produced absolutely no reaction, she started to go around him. Apparently, Duke was having none of that. He simply turned so he was still facing her. Not threatening, but still watching, still amused by her efforts.

Claire sighed and reached up to scratch her head, wishing the silly woolen cap to purgatory. She was definitely in a pickle and the wool was itchy. Tearing it off, she fluffed her curls and looked around, wondering if there was another way out of this monstrously large house. One that wouldn't set off the alarms as she fell into the shrubbery, preferably. The windows were all sealed with special locks which she had no clue how to open even from the inside. The back of the house contained the one man she was trying desperately to avoid and the front door was guarded by the beast. Surely there was a side door? Weren't there patio doors in the back? Maybe one she could sneak out of?

"He's not going to let you past, you know," Mitch's deep voice said from the hallway to her left.

Claire swung around, her hands hiding the wool cap behind her head and bracing herself against the door frame. "What?"

"Duke. He's not going to let you out that front door." He pushed away from the door and lifted one hand. "Wine?" he asked.

Claire looked down at his long, masculine fingers and finally noticed the two glasses that dangled from them. His other hand was holding an opened bottle of what she suspected was red wine.

"Wine?"

"Yes. Wine," he replied, amused by the confusion and fear on her face. "Most people drink it. Usually eat a little something with it if the wine is especially good." He glanced down at the label and nodded. "I think this one is decent. Care to try a glass?"

Claire's tongue couldn't form the word, so she silently nodded her head.

He moved forward, pouring the rich red liquid into one of the glasses, his walk silent even on the hard wood floors.

She took the glass he offered, still very confused. "How did you know I was here?"

His response was a simple raising of one eyebrow, as if to say, "Are you kidding?"

"Okay, what did I do wrong?" she asked, her shoulders slumping as the knowledge of her failure became complete.

Mitch turned and walked towards the back of the house, obviously assuming she would follow. Claire glanced at Duke who was still watching her, then to the man's retreating back. Accepting defeat with dignity was probably her best course of action, she thought, and took a sip of wine as she followed behind him, admiring the way his shoulders stretched the immaculate fabric of his tailored dress shirt, now open at the neck, his tie discarded somewhere unknown.

"I'm guessing you didn't bother to get something to eat before you started on tonight's adventure, did you?"

Claire's stomach rumbled as she smelled the delicious food that was simmering on the stove top. "No. That didn't really occur to me," she replied, sliding onto one of the bar stools pulled up to the counter by the stove. "Are you going to tell me how you knew I was here?"

He chuckled. "I don't think so."

She thought about that for a moment, then sighed once again. "I'll just have to keep trying then."

"Be careful of your actions. Breaking into my house might have consequences."

She considered him for a long moment. "You could simply teach me how to do it correctly so I won't get caught."

He stopped stirring the vegetables and looked at her sternly. "You're not going to break into anyone's house except this one, Claire."

"Says who?"

"Says me. And if you do, I'll fire you and make sure you're doing data entry for the rest of your life."

She grimaced at that threat. "I'd rather go to jail."

He laughed and picked up the spoon again. "No you wouldn't. But that won't even be an option."

She sipped her wine while he chopped up something green and shoved it with the knife into the sizzling oil. "What if I try it and get away with it?"

"What would be the purpose?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. Getting away with it?"

He stopped chopping and looked over at her. "I'll make a deal with you. If you can break into my house without me catching you, then I'll teach you whatever you want to learn. But until then, you can't even try to break into any other building. Do we have a deal?"

Claire considered her options. "What if I say no and I go out on my own."

He looked at her carefully, then shook his head. "You won't."

"Why won't I?"

His smile was slow, and lazy. And sexy as hell, making her stomach muscles clench with both fear and anticipation. He walked around to her side of the granite counter, set her glass down on the ledge, then abruptly pulled her into his arms. "Because you want the adventure only I can give you," he said a moment before his mouth covered hers in a slow, crazy passionate kiss that made Claire's toes curl. As his mouth moved over hers, his tongue invaded her mouth, touching her own tongue, his lips sucking on her lips. His hands went from her waist, then pulled her black sweater upwards, his hands touching her bare skin and making her gasp with the pleasure the skin to skin contact created.

It took less than a minute before her arms were wrapped around his shoulders and her legs actually crept up to wrap around his waist.

There was no flash drive to retrieve, no code to build, just his mouth driving her crazy, his touch that inflamed her mind and her own desperate need to touch him just as he was touching her. She wanted to feel his skin, to know if his hair was soft or rough. Her arms reached up, wrapping around his neck, pulling him closer, molding her body against his as the fire increased in intensity, growing so out of bounds that she wasn't sure where she was anymore. There was only a driving, obsessive need to touch and be touched.

Her fingers stole into his shirt right above the collar and the flames increased as she felt his hot skin under her finger tips, her palm molding against the muscles flexing wherever her hand moved. She cried out when his own hand moved under her sweater to rest on her rib cage and she moved slightly, wanting his hand on her breast.

Claire wanted nothing more than to pull off her clothes and beg him for more. But something was wrong. There was something...burning?

She looked over his shoulder and sure enough, the pan that had been grilling the onions and garlic was now on fire. "Mitch! Your dinner!" she said, pushing against his shoulders in an effort to get him to stop kissing her neck and pay attention.

Mitch looked up, glanced at the fire in the pan and sighed. "A reprieve, Claire?"

Without any concern at all, Mitch set her back down on the stool and walked around the counter. With a flick of his wrists, he turned off the burner, then grabbed a box of something from the cabinet behind him. In less than a moment, the powder he'd doused over the flames had smothered the fire.

"I guess we're ordering pizza," he replied, as he gazed down at the black and white mess that used to be their dinner. Carrying the pan to the sink, he turned on the water to soak overnight, not even bothering to try and clean it up now.

Claire's hands were still shaking, both from the fire as much as from his kisses.

She resented the way he didn't appear to be affected by their interlude at all. While she sat on the stool shivering in reaction, he calmly walked over to the phone and dialed a number he obviously knew by heart. He spoke quickly into the phone, all the while watching her, gauging her reaction. She knew it and tried to pretend she was just as unaffected as he was, but it was like he had some sort of laser focus and knew that she was shivering.

Gary! She'd completely forgotten about Gary! The shame that swamped her with the complete betrayal of the man she had been dating for two months overwhelmed her. She couldn't believe she'd been so unfaithful to a man who wasn't even around for her to confess to.

He hung up the phone and approached her again. Instead of waiting for another sexual advance, one which she might not have something to stop her, she jumped up, grabbing her wine and moved to the other side of the counter. "Why don't you have any furniture?" she asked, praying he'd take the subject change and not kiss her again.

He stopped and stared at her hard, considering her expression. With a slight nod, and no other expression on his face, he accepted the change of subject, turning around and picking up his glass of wine. "I just haven't gotten around to it yet," he said and waved her out of the kitchen. "The pizza will be here in about ten minutes. Come tell me about what you've been up to this week."

Claire sighed with relief, grateful that he was taking her non-verbal body language seriously. She'd give him points for that, but she still wasn't able to think clearly.

She followed him, but knew she was putting herself in danger. "I really should go," she said as she stood in the doorway to what she suspected would be a magnificent great room, if he would simply add some furniture, she wasn't exactly sure. She looked around curiously. "This is a fabulous room," she said, moving into the room fully and looking around. "Why do you only have..." she stopped and looked at the pieces he had set up. "Mitch, there's only exercise equipment and a computer in here."

He looked around as well. "And?"

She glanced at his face, stunned that he was so blase about the room. "This room is incredible! It needs a long sofa, probably a sectional because the room is so big," she said, walking slowly around the room as if taking it all in now that the lights were on and she could see it more clearly. "And curtains. You need long curtains that would go from the ceiling all the way down to the floor," she said as she looked up at the three stories of windows that gave a breathtaking view of the Shenandoah Mountains.

She looked back at him. "Did you spend all your money on the house and can't afford any furniture?" she asked gently.

Mitch looked at her gentle, concerned expression and burst out laughing. "Claire, you're incredible," he said. "I'm guessing you either already know, or will find out my complete net worth tomorrow. But it's very sweet of you to be concerned about my finances." He sat down in the black leather chair that was positioned in front of a large glass desk complete with three very large monitors. The only other chair was another leather chair, not as large, but still very comfortable. She sat down in it as she looked around the room, noting the large fireplace that she could probably stand up inside of, the two balconies that looked out to the den from the second story floors and the lovely view, all reflected in the highly polished wood floors. Just like his master, Duke was sprawled out on the wood floor gnawing at a raw hide bone, apparently unconcerned about the lack of creature comforts.

"So why haven't you done anything with this room? Or any of the others for that matter?"

Mitch shrugged and looked around. "When I bought the house, I spoke to several interior decorators but nothing they sent me really struck a chord with me as being right for the rooms. At the time, I guess I sort of gave up and time has just slipped by."

"Don't you entertain?"

"Sure. That's a necessity for any business owner. But I do it at restaurants or other facilities."

"Do you not want people in your house?"

"Would that stop you?" he asked, a slight, knowing grin on his handsome face.

She smiled at his teasing tone and the laughter in his grey eyes. "Not really. There's your promise to teach me something I want to learn if I succeed."

"And the consequences if you fail."

She waved that away. "You won't hurt me."

He took a sip of wine and the doorbell chimed. "I'll get the pizza."

She sat there while he went to the front door, Duke following in his wake, always on the alert for potential danger.

The pizza was steaming hot and gooey with loads of cheese. The olives were a problem, but Claire just picked them off with a fork and put them on Mitch's next piece, sneaking Duke several pieces of pepperoni when Mitch went to get another bottle of wine. He didn't even raise an eyebrow when he picked up a slice with double the olives, just dug into the meal with the same gusto as his first piece.

Claire continued to ask him questions about the house, why he bought it and what he planned to do with it, what his vision of the room had been when he'd bought it. She loved the room so much and offered suggestions. He didn't really accept or reject any of them, but she kept on going.

"Tell me about this guy you're so faithful to and are willing to risk imprisonment for," he said as he poured her another glass of wine. "What's he like? Where did you meet him?"

Claire stared back at him blankly for a long moment. "Gary?"

"Is that his name?"

She sank back in the chair, loving the way it wrapped around her and snuggled her into the leather. "Yes. He's a very nice gentleman."

"What does he do?"

Since he had answered all of her curious questions about his gorgeous house, and she'd broken into his home to find out information about the man, she figured she owed him an explanation as to why she'd done that. Besides, she wanted him to understand why she pushed him back when he pushed her towards a sexual relationship. Something she couldn't do while dating another man. Or even after, she thought with a grimace. As she explained her relationship to Gary, his courtesy and his genuine interest in her, she gauged his face for any kind of reaction. But he simply kept asking questions, where he worked, why she thought he worked for Titus Securities, how old he was. Question after question and Claire answered them as honestly as she could, even though it was growing late and her body was responding to the over-stimulation from her attempted break in as well as his touch earlier tonight.

When her eye lids started to droop, Mitch realized that it was past midnight. "I'll drive you home," he said as he stood up, stretching from sitting for so many hours.

Claire looked around, doe eyed and confused. "Home?" She glanced at her watch and was startled. "Goodness! I can't believe how late it is," she said and stood up, rushing into the kitchen to rinse her wine glass. "I'm so sorry! You must be extremely tired. I know you work very hard."

He followed her with his own wine glass, shaking his head as he listened to her chatter. Trapping her against the sink, he looked down into her guilty eyes. "Claire, you work just as hard as I do," he countered.

Claire started to squirm against him, but the friction of their bodies only made her more aware of him, of his muscles and height. And her lack of both. "I...uh...don't run a huge company like you do. I'm sure your hours are longer and the issues you face much more challenging."

He was silent as he watched her squirm, enjoying both the movement and the blush that crept up her neck and cheeks. "And your never ending energy doesn't wipe you out at the end of each day?"

She didn't like the sound of that at all. "I'm not like that!"

He sighed and took both of her hands in his, placing them against his chest and keeping them there while she tried to pull them away. "You are. And I like it," he said, despite the frown that followed his comment. "I also like the sexy outfits you wear to rebel against your traditional job within the company. I like it when you wear jeans," he said as he slid his hands down her back to cup her bottom, inhaling the gasp with his mouth covering hers as he nibbled the side of her mouth. "I like the fact that you are stupidly loyal to a man you haven't seen in several weeks and I like the anticipation of getting you into my bed," he said before he covered her mouth so she couldn't protest again.

The kiss was fast and hard, and over much too quickly. Just as she was about to beg for more, he stepped back and took her hand. "I'll drive you to your car over on that private street you hid it on earlier tonight."

As they drove through the night, Claire wanted desperately to ask him how he knew where she'd parked, but instead, ended up telling him more about her ideas for the project he'd assigned her to. He told her he was impressed with the possibilities and asked her several more questions about furthering the code, and Claire was just as intrigued with the direction he wanted to take the project.

As she got into the car, she smiled at how he waited for her, ensuring that she was safely in the car before he would even back up. Claire put the key in the ignition and turned over the engine on her little car, almost cringing as the sound broke the silence of the late night silence. Mitch's headlights were behind her, streaming light through her little car so she quickly put it in gear and stepped on the accelerator.

She drove home with him following her all the way. He even waited until she unlocked her townhouse door and turned on the inside lights.

Leaning against the door, she considered all she'd learned tonight. Did she believe him about not knowing where Gary was? Gary had said he was an employee, but could he have lied? Why would he? The idea sounded pretty crazy, but everything about Mitch screamed out that he was telling her the truth.

Sighing, she turned off the light once again and climbed the stairs to her bedroom, pulling off clothes as she moved. She quickly washed her face, brushed her teeth and pulled on a soft tee-shirt, then climbed into bed. Her body was exhausted, but her mind wouldn't let her sleep. She kept going over and over all the details, remembering Gary's words and trying to figure out who wasn't telling the truth.

Chapter 7

Mitch picked up the interoffice envelope, curious about something so low tech. Everyone in the office had e-mail and blackberries and many other high tech, under the radar forms of communication to use so it was extremely rare to receive an actual paper copy of something. But there it was, sitting in the middle of his desk. His assistant hadn't even opened it, so unused to interoffice mail she apparently wasn't sure what to do with it.

Looking down, he looked at the handwriting. The feminine scrawl was elaborate, delicate and very precise. If he didn't miss his guess, this envelope was from none other than his little bombshell, Claire.

As he opened the envelope, his hands remembered how perfectly her bottom had fit into his hands last night. She'd been so warm and responsive, his body instantly reacted to the memory.

He would have to get this Gary business out of the way so he could move her past the man. He wasn't sure how much longer he could hold out this gentleman position with her being so...curvy. He almost chuckled out loud but there was just no other word for it. That woman had curves in all the right places. Curves that overflowed and bubbled up, just like her personality.

Slipping the papers out of the envelope, he was completely distracted by what he saw. His little bombshell had flipped through magazines, several of them in fact, and cut out pictures of furniture and accessories that she thought he should get for his great room.

He chuckled at her creativity. If only he could channel that towards his bedroom, and more specifically, his bed, he'd be in good shape.

Shaking his head, he carried the pictures out to his assistant. "Alison, can you contact these vendors and have them deliver the furniture to my home as quickly as possible?" Claire hadn't just clipped the pictures, she'd written the contact information and price on the back of each one in case he liked any of them.

He was chucking and shaking his head as he walked into his next meeting and it took him a long time to concentrate on what was being said instead of thinking of Claire on his new sofa. Naked.

Three days later, Mitch wasn't laughing any longer. His little bombshell was causing him an endless number of headaches with her cute little bottom wagging along the hallway and her pretty smile endearing her to everyone from the computer team to his executive management team. On more than one occasion, he'd walked into a meeting and they were discussing her, how cute she was, her latest joke or what outfit she was wearing. He was trying very hard to avoid her, but when his entire headquarters company wouldn't shut up about her, it was proving an impossible endeavor.

Something had to be done. He had to get her out of his head, out of his system. Once he'd done that, he could forget her and get back to business.

"Allison, please call Claire Johnson to my office immediately," he growled upon returning from yet another meeting where she was the topic of conversation during every break. How could the woman affect that many men? Had they all lost their discipline?

Five minutes later, he was sitting at his desk trying to review a report on a mission in Bosnia. But he'd read the first sentence five times, his eyes continuing to glance at his office door. Obviously waiting for her to show up, he thought with increasing menace.

When she actually did show up, he was about ready to spit nails, wondering what man on his staff had detained her this time.

"What took you so long?" he demanded as soon as she stepped into his office, her bright smile of welcome fading into a frown.

She looked around as if she were looking for something and Mitch became frustrated with her lack of response. "What the hell are you looking for?" he finally demanded, walking over to where she was standing and slamming the door to his office. He then moved to tower over her, wishing he could intimidate her like he could all the rest of his staff. She was just too...dammit, she just didn't intimidate!

"I'm looking for the bee that got up your bonnet."

He gritted his teeth at her reply, not sure if he wanted to turn her over his knee and spank her for being indisputably insubordinate, or kiss her until she couldn't talk anymore. Both options seemed pretty damn good right about now. "What took you so long?" he demanded, still gritting his teeth but looking like he was going to bite her.

Claire leaned back slightly, not sure how to handle Mitch in this kind of mood. He'd always been incredibly restrained and in control. This man was definitely not in control but she had no clue what had gotten him into this foul of a mood.

"I got the call from your assistant and came up here. What more do you want from me?"

"It doesn't take ten minutes to get from the second floor to the tenth floor. So what slowed you down? Or should I ask who?"

Claire blushed and shook her head. "Mitch, why did you call me up here?"

"Answer me!" he grated out.

That just got her back up and she stiffened at his tone. Turning to face him fully, she squared her shoulders and mimicked his stance, hands on hips, leaning forward and her expression just as furious as his now. "No!" was all she said. She then turned to walk out of his office, determined to not be treated so shabbily when she hadn't done anything wrong.

Mitch couldn't believe it. One moment he was breathing fire at her, his eyes barely able to look at anything other than her luscious lips, and the next he was staring at the carpet. Turning his head, he watched in astonishment as she walked away.

He grabbed her arm, spinning her around moments before she opened the door to his office. Trying a different tactic, he put an arm on either side of her head, leaning forward once again, but this time, his voice was softer, more threatening because of the undertones. "What took you so long, Claire?"

Claire could handle Angry-Mitch. She could even handle Icy-Mitch. But this Seductive-Mitch, well, he was a whole different beast.

Pressing her back against the wooden door, she tried to put as much space as possible between her body and his, already feeling the heat as his shoulders came closer, blocking out the sunlight streaming through the magnificent windows. "What are you doing?"

His eyes lost the battle with his brain, dropping to her lips. "I'm asking you a question. Why did it take you so long to travel nine floors?" His hand moved to the delicate shell of her ear, surprising her, causing her to jump as the touch sent electricity sparking down her spine, making her ache for a longer touch, a different touch.

With a breathless voice, she closed her eyes and pulled her head away. "I only stopped at the bathroom," she said, her hands forming fists by her side so she wouldn't give in to the temptation to touch him, to feel if his jaw was really as hard as it looked, if his skin was soft, or if the dark shadow of his stubble was rough.

"Come to dinner with me tonight," he finally said.

Claire gasped and shook her head frantically. "No. I can't."

"Why not?" he asked gently, his fingers touching a curl, testing the softness and resiliency of the curl.

"Because it won't just be dinner."

He was stunned at first, but he shouldn't have been. Claire was one of the most direct people he knew. Except when she was hacking into his company files, that is. "What's the problem?"

"The extra portion of the night would be sex."

He laughed. "I still don't see the problem."

She pushed away from him, slipping by and almost running to the middle of the room. "Because I'm seeing Gary. And sex would be a bad thing."

Mitch stood up and crossed his arms over his chest, enjoying the view of her long legs in the black tights and short, black and white hounds-tooth skirt. She also crossed her arms, but her forearms pushed her breasts higher, allowing him a better view of their voluptuous nature as they pushed against the top of her white knit shirt. "First of all, sex is never a bad thing."

"Yes it is," she interjected quickly.

"No. It's only bad if you don't enjoy it. And we would definitely enjoy sex together," he said and held up a hand to stop her protest. "Don't even try to deny it, Claire. You'd be lying to me or yourself, or both of us and we're not going down that path."

She glared at him. "I wasn't going to deny it, you arrogant beast!" she said indignantly. "But enjoying sex during the event is one thing. I wouldn't like myself afterwards. There's a big difference between liking sex and respecting oneself for doing something wrong."

He smiled seductively. "Try me," he encouraged. "I can guarantee you won't be thinking about Gary before, during or for a long time afterwards."

She took a step back and shook her head. "Isn't that the point?"

"Yes."

Claire rolled her eyes. "Okay, let me come at this another way. How would you feel if I were dating you and I decided to have sex with someone else?"

Mitch just about punched the wall at the idea of her sleeping with another man. He took two steps to eliminate the distance between them, grabbing her arms and lifting her up against his body. "You won't be seeing anyone else when you're with me, Claire!"

Claire's eyes widened in surprise and she put a calming hand on his chest. "It was just an example, Mitch. I was just pointing out..."

He loosened his grip, but pulled her closer. "Say it, Claire."

She could barely think with him so close. Her hand on his chest moved slightly and his eyes shifted down to look at it, then back up to hers. The heat that flared in his eyes was mesmerizing, as was his head as it slowly descended. Lower and lower, she watched in fascination and anticipation, wishing his head would move more quickly. She wanted so desperately to taste his lips once again, to feel the firm texture and know the explosion that happened whenever he kissed her.

The knock on the door surprised both of them, but Claire was the only one to react, jumping back out of his arms guiltily. She glanced at the door, then back up at him, her hand pushing through her platinum curls as the full impact of what they almost did broke through. "Gary," she whispered, her hand covering her eyes in shame. "I'm sorry," she said, not sure if she was saying it to the absent Gary, to Mitch or even to herself. Hurrying out of the room, she rushed to the door and swung it open, pasting a bright smile on her face in the hopes that no one would realize that she and Mitch had been about to kiss only moments before that knock.

Outside, several men were standing with papers and Claire tried to see their faces and smile politely, but she knew it was a wasted effort. She heard Mitch call out to her but she didn't even turn around to acknowledge him. She simply rushed down the hushed hallway to the elevators and dove into the first one that came up, uncaring where it was going. She frantically pressed the button for the lobby, knowing she couldn't face the people in her office.

As soon as she reached the lobby, she raced out of the building, finding solace in the courtyard with the trees and flowers, the hostas that carpeted the ground underneath the trees at the edges of the gardens seemed to smile at her with their perfect rows of leaves and purple flowers that were nearing the end of their season. Breathing in the smells of the trees and dirt, she started to feel better, find perspective. She took a seat underneath a dogwood tree that had lost most of its leaves as the autumn progressed and felt sad that she had so little loyalty that the constant tests of faithfulness towards a man she....cared for and respected...and she'd failed him.

Granted, Mitch was an extraordinary specimen of masculinity, but she'd dated handsome men before. Although none as buff, she thought, her palms itching to feel those muscles on his chest once again.

"Uh!" she said out loud. Even away from that man, she was being unfaithful to Gary. Although not physically, did that really matter? She had to get her mind off of Mitch! She had to stay out of his way.

"We're going to have to do something about this," Mitch said.

Claire swung around on the bench, her mouth falling open as she stared at the man who was constantly on her mind. "What are you doing out here! You have a meeting! Those men outside your office were waiting to meet with you."

Mitch raised one eyebrow and moved closer. "That was over twenty minutes ago. I didn't realize I was paying you to sit out here and mope about our lack of a sex life."

She gaped at him. "I am not moping about our lack of a sex life. Since it's never going to happen, there's no use moping about it." She realized she'd let in the possibility that she would mope about it and quickly contradicted her statement. "Not that there ever would be a sex life with you."

"And why not? You want me. I want you, what more is needed in a sexual relationship?"

"Are you serious?"

"Absolutely."

She stood up and started pacing the small courtyard area. "That's exactly the reason why we're not going to have a sex life. You want only sex."

"And?" he prompted when she stopped speaking, looking at him as if that explained everything.

"And...I don't do casual relationships."

"And I don't do formal ones."

She was more hurt by that comment than she wanted to be, but shrugged anyway. "So we're at an impasse, even if I weren't dating someone already."

He shook his head. "You aren't dating anyone."

"Gary..." she started to say, but he put a long, lean finger over her mouth which stopped her comment immediately.

"Shhh....you can't have a relationship with a man who isn't here. And even if he were here, you can't care about him as much as you profess and still react to me the way you do."

She glared back up at him angrily. Pushing his hand away, she stepped back and shook her head. "You don't know what I feel for Gary."

"How about explaining it, then."

She watched him, wondering if he were serious or if he just wanted more ammunition to tease her or tell her that her feelings weren't genuine. When she saw none of that reflected in his eyes, she relented. "Gary makes me feel like I'm more than just a pair of walking boobs," she finally said. She was going to leave it at that, assuming he understood what she'd just said, but the confusion on his face contradicted her assumption so she continued. "He sees me as something more than just a toy. He's a friend who talks to me. He keeps his hands to himself when we go out to dinner. And afterwards," she said when he was about to say something. "He doesn't push himself on me and make me constantly say no throughout the evening."

His grin made her furious. "I don't know what's so funny about a man being a gentleman around me. It's rare, but it's also very nice!"

He took a step closer, careful not to appear as if there was too much going on between them since they were standing in the courtyard of the company. "Gary is gay," Mitch said with a satisfied look about him.

Claire didn't like that at all. "How dare you say that just because he's kind and considerate."

Mitch was already shaking his head. "Honey, I have news for you. A man who doesn't make a pass at a woman, especially when he's been on several dates with her, is gay."

"You're just being obnoxious."

He rolled his eyes. "Claire, have you taken a look in the mirror lately?"

"Of course. What's your point?"

He chuckled at her stubborn, but completely honest and immune features that were lovely when taken apart, but together, along with her knockout figure, were amazing. "Put succinctly, you're every teenage boy's walking wet dream."

The grimace on her face told him exactly what she thought of that assessment. "That's crude and disgusting."

He laughed softly and shook his head. "That's reality. You've gotten to my head as well so that I can barely think in meetings, I dream about having sex with you almost every night, and I get hard just watching you walk down the hallway."

With any other man, she would have walked away at the previous comment. But hearing him say those things about her made her tummy flutter and her heart beat race madly.

"You're being ridiculous. I don't have that big of an impact on anyone," she said breathily.

To prove his point, he grabbed her arm and pulled her deeper into the tree coverage. When he felt they were deep enough, he pulled her hand towards him, showing her exactly what impact she had on his being.

Claire was in complete shock. She'd felt men before, usually on her leg or stomach when she was trying to push them off of her. But there were two things about this experience that shocked her. First, she couldn't believe how large he was. Although she was just feeling him through his slacks, he still felt very, very large to her untutored hand. And secondly, she wasn't sure if this was more or less important, she didn't want to take her hand away. She wanted to feel more of him, to explore, touch. Even taste him.

"I can see that you're in the same situation I am," he said and Claire suddenly realized that she hadn't taken her hand away. In fact, his erection had even grown while her hand hesitated.

Pulling back abruptly, she turned away, hoping he wouldn't see her blush.

"So here's what we're going to do."

Claire shook her head. "We're not going to do anything. I'm going to go back to work and you're going to...go for one of your long runs and we're going to forget about this so I won't hurt Gary's feelings by betraying him in such a manner." She knew she sounded prim and prudish, but Mitch's earthy acceptance of his sexuality was throwing her off.

"Don't interrupt."

Of course, Claire immediately started to do just that, but the look in his eyes, daring her to interrupt him once again, stopped her cold.

"We're going to find Gary. The two of us. No matter where the trail leads us, we're going to find this amazing example of gentlemanliness. Once we do, you're going to ask him if he's gay. When he confirms it, we're then going to proceed to my bedroom and I'm going to make love to you until we work this out of our system. Understood?"

She glared up at him, seeming to be a constant state of anger and frustration when she was around him. "I understand that you're finally going to help me find Gary, but the rest is definitely not going to happen."

He watched her fired up expression and smiled. "We'll see." He stepped back and indicated she should precede him back into the building. "Tell me what you know about this guy. Start from the beginning."

Claire followed him into the elevator, telling him everything she knew about him, or at least everything she assumed to know about the man she'd dated for two months. As she listed the information, she realized that she didn't really know a whole lot about him. And the things she knew, weren't very important. She knew he loved Italian food but wasn't a huge fan of hamburger joints, preferred red wine over white, he loved to watch the late comedian shows but she had the impression he rarely got to view the shows at the normal time period. She wasn't sure why, but she suspected that he recorded the shows and watched them at different times but couldn't remember any specific reason why she thought of that detail. She also knew that he rarely wore anything other than slacks, was quick to laugh and was a wonderful listener.

"Is that it?" he asked as they stepped back through his office doors. He hesitated beside his assistant's desk to say, "Could you cancel all of my appointments for the next few days? I'll be out of the office helping Claire with a situation." Turning back to her, he said, "Tell me why you thought he worked here," and closed the door behind the two of them.

Sitting at his desk, he tapped out several pieces of information on his computer as Mitch continued to interrogate her about Gary's favorite color, what he liked to eat, his favorite restaurants or where they had gone out to eat, where he would meet her for dates or if he picked her up, the times he would agree to meet her versus the times he called to make arrangements or just to talk. All of the information seemed very arbitrary until he turned one of the monitors around and showed her a map of the areas she'd mentioned. The map showed a very distinct radius, indicating a possible time table where Gary might work and live in order to reach his workplace, his home and the various places they would meet for outings. She was so impressed with his deductions that she simply stared for a long moment, wishing she'd thought to do this kind of mapping.

Mitch interrupted her thought, asking, "Brothers? Sisters? Where was he born?"

Claire sat on the edge of a black leather chair that was facing his desk and bit her lower lip. "I don't know."

"Are his parents alive?"

She sighed. "I don't know that either."

"What did you talk about?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. Stuff," was all she could come up with. "I can't remember the details too much but he was just nice and fun to talk to."

"In other words, you did all the talking," he said with an overbearing masculine acceptance that women were chatterboxes.

"No! Just the opposite in fact. And I resent that misogynistic attitude of yours."

He turned from his computer and leered. "I don't hate women. In fact, I love women. Which is exactly why I'm helping you find this idiot so you can forget him and I can get you on your back where I want you. All to myself."

"That's not..."

"Don't make promises you aren't going to keep. That you don't even want to keep, Claire," he admonished, then turned back to his computer.

"Where did you meet him?" he asked. And for the next hour, he asked her questions and she concentrated carefully to answer them as fully as she could, understanding better where his questions were leading. But it was embarrassing that she knew so little about the man she claimed to want to find and had a real connection with.

By mid-afternoon, he stood up and came back around the desk to pick up some papers he'd printed out. "Okay, let's go," he said and took her hand to pull her out of the chair. He lifted her so quickly, that she flew out of the seat, falling against his hard body where he immediately wrapped his free arm around her back, his mouth descending for a quick, hard kiss. Before she could respond, or even protest, he released her and was guiding her out of his office, one hand on the small of her back, the other grabbing his jacket, tossing it over her shoulders.

"Allison, I'm going out. Any issues with the cancellations?" he asked.

"Some objections, but I handled it all."

"You're a wonder," he said and winked as he left her office area, pulling Claire along behind him.

Claire had to hurry to keep up with his longer legs but she didn't mind. The rush helped her mind to focus on something other than the heat coming from his hand touching her back. "You didn't have to cancel your meetings. Why don't you just give me whatever information you've found and I'll follow up on the leads tonight once I'm off work."

"Because I don't trust you." He pressed the elevator button and turned to watch her reaction. He loved watching her back get all stiff and her eyes shoot fire at him. He thought she was especially sexy when she was angry and it made him hot to know he could get that kind of a reaction out of her. One of many reactions he liked.

"That's a horrible thing to say!"

He laughed softly. "Claire, you've broken into my house, convinced my dog that you're friendly and hacked into my company's computer system. Would you trust yourself after all that?"

Claire thought about it from his viewpoint and conceded. "Okay, you have a valid point. But I haven't done anything since I've been working here."

"Except break into my house the other night. Which I didn't mind, as you well know."

"You didn't mind because you knew I was coming!" she grumbled. "And you still haven't explained how you knew. Do you have any idea how frustrating that is?"

"Yes."

She fumed for all of five seconds, trying desperately hard to hold her tongue. But she was just too furious to stop herself. "And besides me breaking in, I haven't done anything wrong. I've been the model employee, getting good results on the project you assigned me to."

He chuckled. "I know."

She didn't like the sound of that. "What do you mean, 'you know'?" she demanded. "Have you been spying on me?"

The elevator doors opened up and he nudged her out through the lobby and parking lot, stopping at a grey, sexy, low slung Jaguar convertible. "I know you haven't done anything illegal or unethical since arriving here, besides breaking into my house, because you've been too busy on that project. It was a difficult concept to take on and from what I've heard, you've contributed some great work to the effort. And yes, I've been keeping tabs on you. What good security expert wouldn't, with your background? One of the major benefits of you working for me is your brilliance at computer programming but it has the added benefit of keeping the devil's hands busy."

"You think you're so smart but..."

He rolled his eyes at her continued arguing, then looked down at her furious face, obviously striving for patience. "Claire, if you don't get into the car right now, I'm going to kiss you right in this parking lot. The entire building probably noticed us leaving and are right now staring out of every window of every floor. And anyone on the back will hear about anything that happens between us in the next ten seconds. So if you don't want it known around the building that your seeing me, I'd suggest that you duck your head into the car and shut up."

Claire's eyes snapped to the building, then back to his before she mutinously ducked into the vehicle. She slapped the seat belt into place while he walked around the hood of the car but crossed her arms over her chest before he got in next to her.

"I don't know where you think we're going. I gave you a lot of information but none of it makes any sense. You're not going to find him on the piddly information I gave you earlier in your office."

He started the engine while saying, "We'll see."

They drove for about thirty minutes, Claire sniping at him that he had no idea where he was going, Mitch just ignoring her and continued in the same direction. When he finally pulled into a parking lot, she looked up to see they were in front of an Italian restaurant.

"Come on," he said and picked up the papers while he exited the car himself.

Claire unbuckled her seat belt and was about to open the door but Mitch was already around the car and opening it for her.

She glanced up at him, wondering how such a large man could move so quickly. She could have sworn he was just getting out of the vehicle when she unlatched her seat belt.

"Why are we here?" she asked, her curiosity over his investigative skills overriding her anger at his earlier comments, which were not completely forgotten.

"To find your gentleman," he replied without any additional details and led her up the stairs and into the dark interior of the quaint, old style restaurant.

A tall, willowy blond woman looked up from the hostess stand, immediately dismissing Claire as unimportant and zeroing in on Mitch as a meal more to her liking. The woman's smile brightened by several volts and her shoulders sprung backwards, pushing out her near nothing chest as if she were a proud bearer of double Ds.

Irritated by the woman's immediate dismissal, Claire took the last few feet at a much faster pace, and stepped in front of Mitch, effectively blocking off the taller woman's perusal of Mitch's more than obvious physique. "We're looking for a guy."

The woman looked past Claire, her smile changing to enticing. "If you don't want the one you already have, may I have dibs?"

Claire rolled her eyes and a second later, a piece of paper was put in front of her face. Mitch said from behind her, "We're looking for this man. Have you ever seen him?"

The woman barely glanced at the paper before looking back at Mitch. Claire snatched the paper from his hands and turned it around, amazed to see a good likeness of Gary staring back at her. "Where did you get this picture?" she asked, turning around herself.

Mitch ignored her and took the picture back from Claire, patiently speaking to the blond hostess. "Can you take another look? It's extremely important that we locate him."

The woman must have realized she wouldn't get anywhere with Mitch so she glanced back at the picture, her eyes genuinely looking this time. "Are you police?" she asked distractedly.

"No. We're just friends trying to locate him."

Her eyes strayed back. "Pity," she quipped. "I like handcuffs."

Claire's mouth fell open at the blatant invitation, shocked that any woman could just announce her sexual preferences in that manner. Good grief, that woman was brazen! "Do you know him?" Mitch asked, his voice filled with amusement even while his hand not so subtly came up to close Claire's mouth.

The woman studied the picture, then shook her head. "I don't think so."

"Thanks," Mitch said and took the paper back. "I appreciate your time. If you think of anything, call this number."

Claire snatched the business sized card out of Mitch's hand before the other woman could grab it and looked at the number. When she realized it wasn't his personal cell phone or house number, not even his office number, she handed the card to the woman with a satisfied smile. "Thanks for any information," Claire said as politely as possible.

Mitch only rolled his eyes again and nudged her out of the restaurant. "What was that all about?" he asked when they were driving to the next place.

Claire shrugged and looked out the side window.

"Don't worry Claire. I wouldn't give a woman like that my phone number."

She turned to face him, amazed by the hard angles of his profile. "What kind of woman?"

The car came to a stop light and he looked over at her. "She's not you."

Claire's entire body heated up at those words and she felt all warm and gushy inside. Even if he didn't mean them, they were still nice to hear. With a sigh, she realized what a charmer this guy was. And dangerous!

The light changed again and he turned his attention back to driving while Claire tried to put this day into perspective. Mitch was not Gary, she kept repeating the words to herself. Gary was the kind of man she wanted. Gary was kind and considerate. Gary was the one who brought her flowers and treated her like more than just someone to get into bed. Gary knew she had a mind and intelligence.

Mitch only wanted her in his bed, she reminded herself as they pulled into another Italian restaurant. This one was a bit fancier, but still dark inside and, since it was getting a bit later in the evening, there were more patrons in the entry way.

As soon as they entered, Claire surveyed the hostess stand and was relieved that the person behind the podium was male. She definitely didn't want a repeat of that last horrible female.

Mitch, despicable man that he was, knew exactly what she'd been thinking and when she sighed with relief and looked up to see his reaction to the gender, he was already looking down at her with amusement, and the absolute knowledge in his eyes of why she'd been so relieved.

Claire ignored him and strode confidently up to the hostess table, smiling sweetly at the man. Taking the picture out of Mitch's hand, she asked this new host, "Have you seen this man?"

The name tag on this guy's shirt said his name was "Don". He looked at the picture, looked up at Mitch, then at Claire, a worried expression in his eyes. "Are you cops?" he asked, swallowing hard.

Claire reached out and touched his hand slightly but as soon as her fingertips touched the host's, her hand was yanked back. It didn't hurt, but looking up at Mitch, she could see the fury in his eyes. "What are you doing?"

"I could ask you the same question."

"I'm trying to get some answers."

"Get them some other way. No need to offer yourself up as dessert for the correct answer."

She gasped and stepped back, hands on hips as she confronted him with fury. "How dare you suggest that I was offering myself up as anything! I was only being friendly! You're being outrageous."

Mitch moved in closer so there was barely an inch between their bodies. "You don't touch other men, Claire. If you're going to touch anyone, you can damn well touch me," he said and slapped her hand onto the middle of his chest.

For a long moment, neither of them moved. Claire's hand itched to move, Mitch's eyes dared her to do so. In the end, Claire gave in and took a step back, the tension still crackling between them and she sighed. Mitch seemed to take that as acquiescence and was satisfied but he was still fuming at the idea of her touching any other man but him. Rationally, he understood that Claire wasn't flirting. Her gesture was simply her open hearted way of connecting with other people. Irrationally, he didn't care. There were just some things that he couldn't deal with when it came to his little bombshell. She was his, even if she wouldn't admit it out loud. Yet.

He turned back to the man standing behind the podium, ignoring the man's wide eyed, curious stare as he looked back and forth between the two of them. The man was obviously terrified of offending Mitch who was easily twice as big as the host, but his eyes kept moving back to Claire, a startled hunger lurking there.

To ensure that the man knew Claire was off limits, Mitch pulled her closer as he showed the man the picture once again. "We're looking for this man. Have you seen him? Or maybe he's worked here in the past?" Mitch asked softly, trying to reassure the other man that there was no threat, while at the same time, wrapping his large, muscle bound arm around Claire's waist and keeping her pinned up against the front of his body despite her subtle attempt to move away.

The host, who's name tag identified him as James, swallowed painfully before looking at the picture, back up at Mitch, the picture, a quick glance at Claire and then back up at Mitch to see if he'd been caught, then back at the picture. "No. I'm sorry, I don't think I've ever seen this man. I wish I could be more help," he said, another glance at Claire, then Mitch once again.

Claire left the restaurant in a fit. "You did that on purpose, Mitch!" she said, stomping to her side of the car. Spinning around, she spun right into his chest, unaware that he'd moved up behind her.

"I didn't touch her."

"What does that have to do with anything?"

"You touched that other guy."

"So?"

"So?" he asked, furious. "So...don't touch other men, Claire!"

She waved that aside. "I touch people all the time."

"You don't touch me," he countered, leaning in slightly, putting his hands on the roof of the Jaguar, trapping her body and pinning her in place with only his eyes.

She swallowed and leaned away. "That's because..." she started to say it was because she wanted to touch him too much but that would be disloyal to Gary so she didn't finish the sentence.

"That's because you know that when we do touch, we are going to light the sheets on fire, right?" he said, all the anger gone from his voice, which had now become soft and husky, his eyes lighting up at the idea of touching her everywhere. "Soon Claire, there will be a time when we touch, and kiss and you're going to scream with the pleasure of it."

He pushed away from the car and opened her door, waiting until she slipped inside. Claire watched as he walked around the front and took the driver's side, feeling both tingly and frustrated. She wasn't sure why the frustration was rearing its ugly head but she wanted these sexual needs to diminish.

They visited four more Italian restaurants until they finally found someone who knew of Gary. Apparently he had been a waiter at the last one at some point in time but was no longer employed there. They got another lead though. The manager of that restaurant said he'd heard Gary had taken a job at a smaller, more exclusive restaurant further out the highway heading west.

Out in the parking lot, Claire hesitated. It was already dark and they were about an hour outside of the city. The drive to this next place would be at least another half hour's drive which would make them pretty late getting back.

"Maybe we should check this one out tomorrow. Or better yet, I could look into it myself."

"Get in the car, Claire. We're getting to the bottom of this tonight."

Claire bit her lip and wouldn't get in. He stopped and looked at her. "Are you afraid that we'll actually find this guy? And he turns out to be a waiter instead of some glorified private detective or espionage guru? What then, Claire?"

She hesitated. "I'm not interested in Gary because of his occupation. I'm interested in him because he's kind and considerate."

"And gay."

She put her hands on her hips and fired right back, "He's not gay! Just because he doesn't obsess about sex like you do, that doesn't make him gay!"

Mitch shook his head. "You don't get it do you? I didn't used to obsess about sex until you came around. Now it's all I can think about and until I can convince you that this guy you're harping on and on about isn't who you think he is, then your loyal little brain won't let you relinquish the dream of some fake private detective who strung you along for some bizarre reason. So yes, we're going out to this next place. And the next and the next until we find this fraud and clear up this idiocy." He pulled open the car door and glared down at her. "So get in the car, Claire."

She was tired of his intimidation tactics. And just tired overall. And hungry and irritated about this chase for a man who really did seem to be turning out to be a fraud and a liar. So she was feeling a bit ridiculous to be proven so wrong about a man she'd claimed t be an apparently unachievable ideal. Which hurt more than she wanted to admit. That hurt was turning into a need to assert herself and find some grounding, of which Mitch continued to sweep out from underneath her. "No! I'm not going any further until you agree to take me home."

"We're going to this next place. And we're not stopping until we find this guy."

"Then I'm not getting in the car!" she shouted at him.

In response, he walked around to her side, then pulled her against him, causing a gasp of surprise, and more than a little bit of fear, equaled by anticipation.

She tried to resist but that lasted for less than a fraction of a second. The moment he pulled her into his arms, her hungry body pressed against him, her arms reached up and wrapped around his neck and she groaned in satisfaction as she felt his hands against her back, then slide down to her bottom, pulling her more firmly against his own obvious need for her.

His mouth was like candy and she needed the sweetness more than breathing. When his tongue touched hers, she wiggled higher, wanting more of him, clinging to him. Frustrated sounds came from her because she couldn't get enough of him but he knew what she wanted. When his fingers pushed into her hair and pulled her head back, giving him additional access to her mouth, she didn't resist, wanting more of him as well.

Someone honking a horn blasted through her consciousness and she pulled back, staring up at him in astonishment. "We need to go," she said softly, her knees weak and her entire body shaking in reaction.

He didn't say anything as he slowly released her. His eyes, looking down at her, seemed to be just as on fire as her whole body felt. She didn't want to stop, nor did he if the message he was conveying to her through his gaze was any indication. But there was nothing to be done about either of their needs right at the moment. The parking lot of an increasingly busy restaurant was not a particularly desirable location for what they'd begun.

On the way through the winding roads, Claire silently admonished herself once again for how faithless she was with Mitch. She tried to figure out why it was that she couldn't control what she felt when Mitch took her in his arms when, all her life, she'd been the one to call a stop to any kind of lovemaking with her dates. She'd been careful with the men she'd gone out with, dating only men she had a genuine attraction towards. None of them came even partially close to how Mitch made her feel when he simply looked in her direction. And when he took her into his arms, his strong, powerful arms encircling her with such care and authority, she just stopped thinking and could only enjoy the blood singing through her veins. It was like he was a drug and she was the addict, the more he touched her, the more she needed from him. In this case though, the high just got higher and higher.

The rain started as small little drops initially as they were making their way through a stretch of tree covered road through the foothills of Virginia. Mitch didn't even need to turn on his windshield wipers it was so sporadic. But after several minutes of the large drops falling down, the skies let loose and a torrent of rain barraged the sports car. Mitch handled the winding roads with expert ease, but that still made for some difficult driving and poor visibility. By the time they reached the small town where the manager of the last Italian restaurant they'd visited had told them they might find Gary, the rain was almost a complete sheet of water coming down from the inky black night sky and they could barely see a few feet in front of the car even with the head lights on.

The restaurant appeared more quickly than she'd thought, probably due to Mitch and his ability to find things without a map or any other sort of instructions, only his mysterious sense of directions that landed him exactly where they were supposed to be. The lights were on and the building looked more enticing than the interior of the Jaguar, although getting there meant becoming drenched since the only way to the front porch of the restaurant was through the rain. Mitch reached behind him and grabbed his jacket, handing it to her. "Here, put this over your head and race to the porch. I'll be right behind you."

Claire was touched that he was giving her his jacket but she immediately shook her head. "You take the jacket and I'll meet you there. It's your coat, I'm not taking it from you in this kind of rain."

"Yes you will. And run fast because if you don't, I'll have to carry you over those puddles and we both know what happens each time we touch one another."

Claire nodded her head, her eyes wide with the undeniable accuracy of what he was saying. She turned to the door handle and at the same time, pulled the jacket up over her head and released the door. With a deep breath, she stepped out of the car and started racing up the short pathway and wooden stairs to the front porch of the quaint little restaurant. She was halfway there when she felt a strong arm circle around her back. Mitch was right there with her, practically lifting her the rest of the way as they both raced through the rain up to the shelter of the porch.

By the time they were under the roof, Claire was laughing at how ridiculous they must look. She pulled the jacket off her head, sure that she looked just as bad as her black suede pumps but she was laughing as she looked up at Mitch. With the water running off his hair and face, he looked even more handsome which was an astonishing feat since he was basically the cat's meow during the worst of times.

Reaching up, she pushed his hair off his forehead, pushing as much water as she could along with the locks of wet hair. "Thank you," she said, the smile still forming on her lips as she was warmed by the heat of his body so close to hers.

Her hand hesitated, unsure what to do now that she'd initiated that kind of intimate touch. But when she tried to pull her hand away, he stopped her, putting it on his shoulder and leaning down for a soft, sweet kiss that stole her breath away with its tenderness.

The door opened and the moment passed as the owner of the small restaurant greeted them with warm towels.

"Come on in, you two. It's freezing out there now that the rain has started," she said, wrapping her arms around her and shivering even as she gestured towards the warmth of the homey restaurant. "You're out on a crazy night!" she gushed. "How about a warm cup of tea or a hot toddy to get your bones back in working order?"

Claire accepted the towel gratefully and stepped into the inviting warmth and light from the restaurant. The delicious scents wafting through the rooms was heavenly and she was thrilled when the manager handed them each a cup of warm tea.

"Thank you so much," Claire replied, smiling gratefully as her hands wrapped around the flowered tea cup. Looking over at Mitch, she almost burst out laughing as she caught him grimacing at the flower covered cup, but he took the obligatory sip of tea before nodding his appreciation to the hostess.

"You both look famished," the owner said, introducing herself as Linda. "I'll get you both some more towels and then how about a table by the back window with some warm, delicious food to get you back to fighting strength? The rain will pass and the lights on the patio are pretty spectacular, in my opinion."

Claire was too hungry and tired from their traversing from one place to another, not to mention the stress of being around Mitch for longer than five minutes which always took extra energy just to stay on the top of her game.

"That would be great," Mitch answered for both of them. "Any chance we could get some breadsticks right off?" he asked. "The lady here is about to pass out from hunger."

Claire wanted to glare up at him, but she simply didn't have the energy. Instead, she leaned against him, showing her gratitude for his understanding of her physical state through actions instead of trying to come up with words. She felt even more relaxed when he put his arm around her. Not really holding her up, just touching her gently as if to reassure her that the day would end soon.

As they sat down at the table and Linda brought not only bread sticks but also a basket of different flavored muffins. Mitch immediately took a warm corn muffin and buttered it, handing it to her and pouring her a glass of red wine, which he'd also ordered while they were being seated.

"Did I push you too hard today?" he asked, noting the exhaustion on her features.

She took a sip of wine and shrugged. "You're right. I need to find Gary and get things in order. If he isn't the man I thought he was, which it seems as if I was completely off target, then it would be better if I ended it now instead of waiting for him to show up and end it himself."

Mitch was doubly impressed that, not only was she willing to admit that she was wrong about a guy, but that she was willing to admit it to him, swallowing her pride and giving in to the inevitable. She could have remained stubborn and maintained that Gary was the man for her no matter what. He had to see how far she'd admitted things to herself though. Bringing up a touchy subject, he started out carefully. "Claire, have you thought that perhaps his disappearance meant that he was trying to end things with you and he was too much of a coward to tell you to your face?"

She immediately shook her head. "No. I don't think so. I know he lied to me about his profession and his living arrangements. But there was something about him that just struck me as good and kind. I think he's a basically honest person," she smiled at his cynical expression, "But something is wrong and I'd like to help him even though I don't know where or how to do that for him right at the moment. I don't know what it is, but I can just feel it."

He raised one eyebrow. "From all the lies he told you, there's just something about a word or two that struck you as honest and now you're sacrificing our sex life to save him?"

"We don't have a sex life..." she started to say.

He interrupted her, "Only because you're stuck on Gary."

"Because you just want casual sex."

"There won't be anything casual about the sex between us."

"There won't be any sex between us."

"That's what you keep saying but we both know it isn't true. And each time we kiss, the inevitable will come sooner."

"Then we'll stop kissing," she said.

He snorted and leaned back in his chair. "Let's be real."

"I am being real," she countered, feeling rejuvenated now that she'd gotten a bit of wine into her system and some carbohydrates.

"Claire, I could carry you out to my car and have you there and we both know it."

She blushed painfully but didn't deny anything since he wouldn't believe her. She wasn't sure she'd believe her either at this point. "Why do our conversations always degenerate into a discussion about when we're going to have sex?"

"Because you won't give in and get it out of the way. It's like the pink elephant in the room. It has to be discussed because you're being so arbitrary."

"I'm not being arbitrary," she said with outrage. "You know nothing about the issue so don't make assumptions about my motivations."

As Claire ate the corn bread and sipped the wine, she could feel her insides getting warmer. She assured herself it had nothing to do with sitting across the table from Mitch in the candle light.

The waitress arrived to take their order and Claire selected a stuffed chicken dish with rice pilaf while Mitch decided on salmon. "What?" he asked as he looked away from the waiter to see her astonished expression.

"Why didn't you order the steak?"

"Why would I?"

"Because you look like a steak and potatoes kind of guy."

Mitch shook his head. "Steak is great, but fish has good proteins and healthier oils."

"Are you a health nut?"

"Hell no," he replied with force. "But I like to work out and it's harder to do when the fuel in the body is doing the opposite of what it should do."

"Steak is good protein," she countered.

"Yes, but a good steak has a lot of fat and cholesterol."

"Do you work out every day?"

"Almost."

"And are you working out tomorrow?" she asked, fascinated despite her need to not learn more about this enigmatic man.

"Yes."

She smiled and shook her head. "Not a 'maybe' or a 'if I can find the time' answer. That's a definite."

"Want to work out with me?" he suggested, leering at her with a suggestive glint in his hard, grey eyes.

She laughed and shook her head. "No way."

"Why not?"

"Because I know you go for a run each evening and I wouldn't be able to keep up with you."

"I only run in the evenings to clear my head."

She rolled her eyes at his explanation. "Mitch, you run for over an hour. And then you come back and swim. Are you telling me that's just your relaxation technique?"

"Nope. That would be sex. With you of course."

"There's no of course about it, Kemusabe," she countered, using the old American Indian name. "We're not having sex."

"That came out like a challenge." He leaned forward. "Are you challenging me Claire?"

She took a deep breath and leaned back. "Absolutely not."

"Why not?"

She laughed at his satisfied expression. "Because men like you take on a challenge just like a bull to a red flag. Not going to happen, Big Guy."

"Afraid I'll win?"

"Of course."

"Been a long time since you've had sex, huh?"

She shifted uncomfortably in her chintz covered chair. "You have no idea," she replied, refusing to admit to him that she'd never actually had sex.

Their dinner came at that moment, relieving Claire from elaborating on that answer. But she should have known that Mitch wouldn't let something like that go without more information.

"I thought you'd been dating your mystery man, Gary, for about two months."

She took a bite of her chicken, savoring the amazing flavors of the rosemary which contrasted perfectly with the chevre cheese. "We had. What's your point?"

He stopped and stared at her hard. "Are you telling me that you and Gary never had sex? In the entire two months of your relationship?"

She refused to look at him, but could feel the blush creeping up her neck and cheeks. "I told you. Gary was a gentleman and respected my wishes to wait until we knew each other better."

"Claire, you're traveling all over Virginia, hacking into company files that could land you in prison and spending who knows how much of your personal time tracking down a guy you haven't even slept with?"

She sighed and looked out the windows but there wasn't a whole lot to see since the rain was still pouring down. "Mitch, he didn't push. Of course we...." She wasn't sure how to explain her lack of a sex life to a man who personified sex.

"What Claire? Did you do everything but have sex?"

"No!" she gasped. "I mean...if what you're asking is if we...."

Mitch sighed in frustration at her inability to speak openly about sexual acts. It was cute in a way, but since they were going to have a relationship, she would have to get over this shyness of hers. He wanted her open and free to ask for anything while in bed with him. "You can say it Claire. Oral sex. Is that what you and Gary did?"

Claire put her face in her hands and shook her head. "No. This is really none of your business, Mitch. Can we please change the subject?"

There was silence across the table and Claire sat uncomfortably for a long time, wishing she could simply disappear from this conversation. When she finally had the courage to look up, assuming to find derision on Mitch's features, she was stunned to see that he looked as if he were proud of her. And was there a touch of possession in his gaze? She wasn't sure, and quickly looked away, picking up her knife and fork even though she was no longer in the mood for dinner.

"Have you ever had sex, Claire?" he asked softly, filling up her wine glass.

"No," she finally admitted, but wouldn't look at him again.

"Would you care to explain? You're a beautiful, incredibly sexy woman and I'm sure there were ample opportunities in the past with other men. What's held you back?"

She concentrated on cutting her stuffed chicken into small, bite sized pieces carefully in an effort to avoid looking up at him. "Do we really have to discuss this?"

He hesitated, then nodded. "I think we do."

She placed her knife and fork at precise angles on her plate, then looked out the window once again. "In high school, when I started to....fill out... for lack of a better term," she started off, "the guys were pretty obnoxious, panting over any of the females who were actually starting to show a feminine figure. I was one of them, and it was a complete turn off. While the other girls used their newfound feminine figures to gain power over the guys, I only wanted men to take me seriously and pay attention to my brain instead of my breasts when I conversed with them. Once the rest of the female population showed their feminine feathers, the boys drifted off from the initial group of feminine butterflies, but still wouldn't leave me alone. I dated some, but there was almost a time limit each guy would give me before he would expect more than just kissing. So I simply stopped dating."

He didn't say anything and Claire was grateful as he patiently waited for her to continue her story. "When I went to college, I started dating again, but the guys there were much more aggressive. I tried with one or two guys, but I couldn't go through with it. I really needed to feel something more than just friendship for a guy before I slept with him."

"And you didn't find any guy that was worth taking the risk?"

She shrugged, picking up her fork and moving the rice around on her plate. "None of them let me get to know them before the pressure started."

"So you stopped dating again?"

"Yes. For a while I wondered if I was gay."

He smiled and shook his head. "You're not gay, Claire."

She laughed softly, feeling good about his emphatic tone. "I know."

"Please tell me you experimented though." He said this with a glimmer in his eyes.

She couldn't help but laugh once again. "No. I'm sorry but I didn't get that close. I had lots of female friends, but women just didn't do anything for me."

He sighed. "It's just as well. I'm having enough trouble keeping my mind from straying. The idea of you being with another woman would just send me over the top."

"Why do men like that so much?" she asked, taking a moment for the reprieve.

"I don't know. We just do. Continue the story. You're in your mid-twenties. Tell me what happened after college."

She shrugged and took a deep breath. "About the same thing. Men became a bit more sophisticated, but they still wanted the same thing. And none were willing to date me longer than a week before they expected an engraved invitation to my bed."

"Then Gary came along."

"Yep," she confirmed. "Then Gary came along. He was nice at first, very sweet. And I kept bracing for him to push me just like all the others. But he never did. We would go out to dinner, laugh, talk, joke around and then he'd take me home, leaving me on my doorstep with a simple kiss on the cheek. It was refreshing."

He finished up his salmon and poured water for himself and her from the pitcher the waitress had left. "Can you tell me what you're waiting for?"

"What do you mean?" she asked, taking the water and enjoying the cooling sensation as the icy water slid down her burning throat.

"What would be your criteria for giving in and having sex?"

She thought about that for a long moment, never having been asked that before. "I don't know. It's always been an issue to say no that I've never thought about a reason to say yes. I guess it would just have to feel right."

"What would feel right to you?"

She shrugged, feeling enormously relieved that she'd finally admitted the truth to him. When the subject of sex came up with other men, she never would have told any of them that she'd never been with another man. With Mitch, it just felt right to tell him the truth and have him understand her history and why she had such a hard line.

"I guess I'm waiting for the guy who sweeps me off my feet. Someone who drives me wild when he kisses me and I don't have any ability to say no."

Her comment hung in the air between them. Claire realized that what she'd said was completely true. She was waiting for those amazing feelings of passion, of desire, to swarm over her so she couldn't think anymore. None of the other men she'd dated had even come close. But every time Mitch touched her, she lost focus. When they kissed, she wasn't ever the one to stop, it was always some external issue that interrupted them, leaving her wanting more, but still terrified of what she was feeling.

The waitress arrived at their table, smiling brightly but then realizing the tension at the table. "Should I wrap that up for you, ma'am?" she asked politely.

Claire shook her head, her gaze never leaving Mitch's face, the intensity of the look he held her under. "No, thank you."

"Yes," Mitch contradicted. "She'll need something later on," was his only explanation but Claire understood instantly, that painful blush creeping up once again to infuse her face in color.

"Is there a hotel nearby?" Mitch asked, tearing his glance away from Claire and looking politely at the waitress.

That bright smile popped up again and Claire's stomach just about fell out of her body. "Linda has several beautiful rooms right upstairs. I believe three of them are available if you need a place to stay for the night."

Mitch nodded. "Tell Linda we'll take one.

The waitress lifted the plates and bopped off to find the owner, leaving Mitch and Claire in the silence behind. Linda appeared a few moments later with a key and a smile. "It's a good thing you decided to stay the night," she said. "The rains have flooded the bridge out of town so it would be difficult to get out of here anyway. But here's the key to number five, just up the stairs and at the end of the hallway. Breakfast tomorrow starts at seven but will last until about ten o'clock so no need to rush."

Linda must have understood the tension because she moved away from the table, circumspectly busying herself with the other guests. Mitch stood up and tossed down several large bills for the meal and the tip, then turned to take Claire's hand in his larger one.

Claire stood as well, placing her hand in his. She knew he realized she was nervous because her hand was shivering. But he held her hand firmly, leading her through the tables and up the stairs. Sure enough, at the end of the hallway was a robin's egg blue door with a brass five nailed in the center. Mitch unlocked the door and let it swing open. Claire peered inside, trying to appear casual about what was going to happen, but she wasn't feeling casual.

As they stood in the doorway, Mitch looked down at her carefully, trying to gauge her mood. "We don't have to do this Claire. We can just get a good night's sleep and continue the search tomorrow morning."

She looked up at him, grateful for the possibility of a reprieve. But now that she was here, standing in front of him with a huge four poster bed in the middle of the lovely room, she knew that she wanted to go through with this. She wouldn't regret this decision tomorrow, or the next day. No second thoughts, no equivocation. She wanted this man and all his gentleness and passion. She wouldn't think about the fact that she was having sex with a man she'd known for only about two weeks.

And when he bent down to kiss her, she realized that she wouldn't be thinking at all. Because just like in the past, as soon as he kissed her, her mind went blank and she could only feel.

He kissed her there by the door for a long time, his hands resting against her waist but not moving. Claire could feel the tension in him but didn't understand why he was going so slowly. Reaching up, she put her hands on his shoulders, her hands moving against his tailored shirt, feeling the muscles underneath the expensive fabric and fascinated by the movement. She wanted him to do something, to show her what to do next but he barely moved, just kissed her over and over, driving her crazy both with his mouth and lack of any other movement.

Then her hands reached up and touched his neck, the skin feeling hot under her fingers and that seemed to flip a switch. Mitch groaned and picked her up, pressing his body against her as he spun them both around so her back was against the wall and his body was pressing against her chest. The feeling of helplessness made her feel soft and feminine, she pressed herself more firmly against him, feeling more of him at this height with her hips pressed against his and she wiggled, gasping as she found that her core was in exactly the right place against his erection. She experimented again and almost groaned as her movements created a friction in exactly the right place.

Mitch moved from her mouth to her neck, his hands diving under her shirt and finding her breast, all the while Claire continued to move against him, mindless now as she drove harder against his body. When his strong fingers found her nipple, her body flew apart and she cried out as she pressed against him, moving just for herself as she her orgasm took over her body, her fingers gripping his hair, holding him exactly where she wanted him to stay.

Mitch watched as this woman, his woman, climaxed in his arms fully dressed. Fascinated and more turned on than he'd ever been in his life, he shook his head, trying to re-gain control of his body. All he wanted to do right at the moment was to tear off his close, strip her naked and dive into her soft flesh to find his own release. But he wanted this to be incredible for Claire. She'd given him her trust and he wasn't going to lose it simply because he was so hot for her.

He put his hands on her bottom and held her against him as he carried her over to the bed. Placing her gently against the soft comforter, he looked down at this vixen who had driven him crazy for so long. He had her exactly where he wanted her he thought and stood up to pull his shirt off.

Claire sat up and watched in fascination as those muscles were finally revealed to her. She loved seeing the magnificent muscles, bulging from his arms, shoulders, chest...everywhere. And when he came down to her again, his massive arms holding him above her as he waited for her to look her fill, she was too tempted to touch, her fingers reaching up and sliding against the lightly rough surface.

Mitch shuddered at her first touch and Claire loved feeling it ripple through his body and up to her fingers. She moved her hand around, trying to get that reaction once again. When her hand moved down his chest to his stomach, Mitch chuckled and grabbed her hand, shaking his head and pinning her arm over her head. "Too soon," he growled and bent his head to nibble along her neck, his teeth pulling her sweater out of the way to reveal more of her skin.

"Must come off," he said and his hands whipped the red sweater over her head, then froze as he looked at her red lace bra she was wearing, the lace tantalizing as he looked at her breasts, her nipples teasing him through the delicate material.

His head bent to kiss the tops of her breast while his hand reached behind her and snapped open the closure. Within moments, he had her bra off and tossed behind him and Claire gasped as his mouth covered her nipple, sucking and teasing, her fingers diving into his hair and holding on as her back arched up to his mouth in reaction.

Mitch took what was offered but couldn't hold back any longer. Within moments, he was off the bed and pulling her slacks off, tossing his own possibly in the same place her sweater and bra had landed. He didn't know and didn't care. As he looked down at her body, completely naked to his gaze, he felt as if he were about to explode with the need to possess this tiny woman.

"I'm sorry, Claire," he groaned as he bent down over her one more time. "I can't wait any longer." He quickly tore open a condom and moved back to her warm, welcoming body.

Claire's body was already opening for him, desperate to feel him inside her and her welcoming arms pulled him closer, her body rising to meet his. She was just as desperate as he was and needed something to end this horrible ache inside of her. "Please don't wait!" she said, then gasped when she felt him at her opening. Her eyes widened as he entered her, slowly, filling her up and she bit her lip as her hips adjusted to take in his size.

"Just relax, baby. You can take me, I promise." He eased back a bit, then forward, grinding his teeth as he felt her slick body take him into her. When he felt the barrier, proving that she was indeed a virgin, he bent his head, unsure of how to proceed.

"Please!" Claire gasped. "I'm okay. Just go ahead."

Mitch looked down at her, wondering how someone so gorgeous, so incredibly sexy, could have remained a virgin for so long. At this point though, he wasn't going to think about it for too long. He needed all of her and with a grimace, he pushed past the barrier and buried himself fully inside her heat, then waited for her to recover.

Claire felt the resistance but was so desperate, that once the pop was completed, she him to finish the job. But when he simply stayed there, still, not moving at all, she wanted to hit him. "Mitch, please don't stop!" and when he only looked down at her with a worried expression, she really did punch him, but very lightly. Not that anything she did to this giant of a man would hurt him physically. In fact, his reaction to her punch was a loud bark of laughter, followed by her hands being grasped by one of his own and raised over her head.

Claire didn't care how he proceeded though. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she moved with him, but more for herself, moving to ease the building ache, the fire that was consuming her. The faster he moved, the higher the fire built until it exploded all around her, her body clinging to his as the world spun out of control.

Mitch watched her climax for all of two seconds before her body pulled him into his own. Pulling her close, he captured her scream in his own mouth, covering hers as they both climaxed.

Chapter 8

Claire sighed, feeling wonderfully content and warm and she snuggled into that warmth, pressing against the heat behind her and smiling happily. There was a hazy sun coming through the lace covered curtains and a warmth on her back that was unusually nice, she thought. As her mind shifted from sleep to consciousness, the events of the previous night slowly came back to her. She realized the warmth was Mitch and the heat was his body while his arm was wrapped around her waist, his other arm was her pillow.

A heavy hand came around to her stomach, pulling her more tightly against that warmth. "Keep that up and you're going to wake up a lot faster," he growled into her ear, then proceeded to bite her ear lobe while his hand moved up to cup her breast.

Claire smiled as she felt his body's response to his own and her movements. "I thought you ran out of condoms last night."

"I went out about midnight for additional supplies. Which is why you didn't get much sleep last night, and it's already about nine in the morning."

Claire gasped and sat up in the bed, looking at the clock with growing horror. "Nine o'clock? It can't be! We have to get out of here," she said and jumped up from the bed, taking the sheet with her to wrap around her nakedness. It wasn't hard to grab though because the bed sheets were mostly on the floor along with the pillows and the comforter. She knew they'd had some pretty physical activities last night, but she'd had no idea that they'd destroyed the bed clothes so dramatically. She tossed the fitted sheet onto the bed at him. "Here, you make the bed while I shower."

He grabbed the sheet and tossed it to the end. "It's your fault it came off last night," he said and followed her naked into the shower, reaching in and turning on the hot water while at the same time, ripping the sheet off of her. "But regardless of who did it or how the sheets came off, we are definitely not making the bed."

"We can't leave it like that," she said, but then gasped when he lifted her up, high enough so her nipple was at his mouth level, at which time he took full advantage of her bra-less state.

Claire let her head drop against her back, wrapping her legs around his waist as he sucked on her nipple, biting it gently and making her squirm. Mitch deftly carried her into the shower where the warm water cascaded over their bodies, adding to the sensuality of their lovemaking. As did the scented soap Mitch rubbed all over her, making his hands slick and driving her more insane.

About an hour later, she sighed as she looked across the room as Mitch pulled on the shirt he'd been wearing the day before. "I'm starving," Claire said as she fluffed her hair as best she could. They hadn't brought any clothes or makeup, so she looked like a fresh faced teenager. Her freckles were even showing now that she didn't have the concealer to hide them from Mitch's curious perusal.

"Don't look at me like that," she said as she caught him staring at her in the mirror. He was completely dressed looking fresh and clean while she felt rumpled and ridiculous without her makeup and hairspray to keep her curls in some sort of organized style.

"You look more beautiful without makeup on than you do with it. You should go out like that all the time," he said.

Claire rolled her eyes. "That's a sweet thing to say, but it's not going to happen," she confirmed.

He sighed and took her hand in his. "Come on, woman. You wore me out. I'm starving and breakfast is about to end if we don't get down there."

Thankfully, when they arrived in the dining room, breakfast was still in full swing. Apparently many of the guests were getting a late start this morning because of the storm the previous night.

They were immediately shown to a table and told that the breakfast was buffet style with plates at the end. Mitch took her hand and dragged her over to the buffet table, then proceeded to load up her plate with eggs, fruit, sausage and muffins, adding twice as much to his own plate.

"What happened to the healthy stuff you were talking about last night?"

He didn't even look at her as he loaded more onto both their plates, adding a blueberry muffin to the corner of his own. "You wore me out. I need as many calories I can absorb to get back my energy," he explained as he topped everything off with two large glasses of orange juice. "Move, woman," he said and playfully spanked her bottom to get her moving back to their table.

Claire laughed and chatted about everything while Mitch ate and responded to her inquiries but not adding a whole lot to the conversation as he ate. When he finished his plate, he looked over at hers and started on the half she hadn't finished. She became silent as he took over her leftovers and he looked up. "Why did you stop talking?" he asked.

Claire hid her hands under the table and shrugged. "I sounded like a chatterbox, didn't I?"

"I like listening to you," he said and took another piece of her bacon.

That was definitely a surprise. With a bright smile, she laughed and shook her head. "You're definitely not the man I thought you were when we first met."

"Good to know. I think," he said and finished off her scrambled eggs, then snatched her orange juice, downing the remainder in seconds. "Are you ready to go?" he asked when he was finished.

She stared at him across the table. "Don't you need to digest or something?"

"Not really. I can digest while we're on the road."

"On the road to where?" she asked as he pulled her up out of her chair, then tucked her against his side with his large, muscular arm draped over her shoulders, keeping her next to him.

"Back to my house. I'm sorry Claire, but we're abandoning the search for Gary at least for today."

She couldn't believe how quickly Mitch had the room paid for and they were back in his Jaguar, speeding down the road, whizzing by the dewy trees as they dried out from the previous night's rain storm. Sure enough, when they came to the main bridge that led out of town, the water was just underneath the bridge with water still puddling from where it had raged over the top during the night.

He stopped for a newspaper at a convenience store and bought two more cups of coffee, handing her one along with a handful of sugar and cream packets. "I don't know how you like your coffee," he explained. "Can you read while you drink?" he asked, handing her the newspaper.

"Sure." She dumped several packets of sweetener into her coffee, then opened the paper to the front page. As he drove, she read through the main articles, then skipped on to the opinion page, laughing at several of the articles printed there.

Before she knew it, they were pulling into his driveway. Seconds later, he was around the car, opening her door and pulling her up and into his arms. He carried her inside, barely stopping to greet Duke before he carried her up the stairs.

"Did Duke go hungry last night?" she asked when he gave her a small break to open the door to his bedroom.

"He has an automatic feeder and a dog door through the kitchen. He probably was in heaven last night chasing rabbits in the back yard without me to force him inside for a break," he replied before he focused all her attention on his hands which were quickly divesting her of her clothes.

For the rest of the afternoon and evening, Mitch proceeded to show her all the different ways to make love, everything she'd missed over the years while she held out for this kind of passion with a man.

Sunday evening, she forced him to take her home, explaining that she desperately needed a full night's sleep so she could be productive in the morning at work.

"You can sleep here," he said and moved his hand up her bottom.

She slapped it away, but not before the tingles started up again. "No. You know you won't stop so that means I have to go home." She couldn't believe that she could still feel like this after making love so many times over the past forty eight hours. The man was a demon, she thought, wondering how other women could complain about the staying power of men when she wasn't sure if she would be able to walk properly for several days.

In the end, he realized she wasn't going to relent on going home and he gave in. He drove her home, but at her door, he pulled her into his arms, kissing her until she was clinging to him. "Go to sleep, princess," he said softly and gently pushed her inside her door.

Claire moved slowly up to her bedroom. Taking a long, warm shower, she almost wished Mitch was here with her, remembering the showers in his huge marble bathroom as well as the late night swims in his enormous pool. The feeling of the water on her naked skin had felt incredibly erotic.

She fell into bed and slept until her alarm went off the following morning, groaning as she shut it off and afraid she might not be able to make it in to the office.

The only thing that got her going was the thought of seeing Mitch during the day. She didn't always see him, but he was usually visible as he went to meetings with his various department heads. Mitch wasn't like other CEOs that stayed up on the top floor and had his people come to him. He went out and met with the staff members, hearing from them and seeing how they were doing. He'd told her over the weekend that it gave him a better sense of what was happening in the company.

She didn't see Mitch at all that day, but when she arrived home, she found a huge bouquet of flowers sitting outside her doorway. The card was simple. It only said, "Good night sleep?" with an M at the bottom.

Claire smiled as she brought them into her kitchen, the wonderful rose scent filling the small area and lightening her mood enormously. She left him a message that night, but unfortunately, didn't get a chance to talk to him. In an effort to not become too depressed, and feeling a bit silly for needing him so much, she picked up her decorating magazines and sorted through the pictures, clipping the ones she thought would look good in his house. She'd been pleasantly surprised when she'd walked into his great room and all the furniture she'd suggested had been perfectly positioned around the room. The odd request for her to get naked and lay on the couch hadn't even bothered her, so pleased at the idea that he'd liked her suggestions. And once she'd done as he'd asked, he'd followed her down. Making love on a couch definitely had different possibilities than a bed, she thought with a silly smile as she clipped out an elegant four poster bed which reminded her somewhat of the bed they'd shared at the bed and breakfast that first night.

The following morning, she sent the pictures up to his office via inter office mail, along with a note that said, "No obligations - just some suggestions."

Chapter 9

When she didn't hear from him that day, or the next, she vacillated between angry and sad. In desperation, she stopped at the grocery store on the way home and stocked up on her normal hobby supplies. When she walked into her townhouse, she proceeded to bake all of her favorite foods. There were brownies with a mint frosting, chocolate chip cookies with brandy flavoring in addition to the traditional vanilla flavoring, a key lime pie as well as a peanut butter and chocolate pie, both with cookie crusts.

It was midnight by the time she finally gave up and headed to her bed, feeling no better than when she'd started. Furious that even her old reliable hobby of baking hadn't soothed her heartache, she fell into a fitful sleep, dreaming of running after something that wasn't there only to run into brick walls when she turned a corner.

Days ago, she wouldn't have believed that Mitch was one of those love 'em and leave 'em types, but the evidence over the past few days was to sharp for her to ignore.

Wednesday morning was awful. At the beginning of the week, she'd anticipated any possible sight of Mitch in the hallways, elevator or parking lot. Now, as she parked in a different space on the opposite side of the building, she dreaded the possibility. She was so angry at herself for falling for his sweet words and caring looks that she was almost sick.

"You're just like all the other men!" she spat as she slammed her car door. "But that's okay. I understand," she said, talking to herself as she stomped to the side doors, entering from the basement instead of the main lobby so she could avoid even the possibility of seeing him. She didn't want the disappointment, so if she eliminated the potential, there couldn't be any disappointment.

There was frustration. And sadness. And a large dose of humiliation that she'd given in to a guy who was a master at seduction.

"Hey Claire!" David Phelps said, sticking his head in her doorway. "A group of us are going out for drinks tonight. Want to join us?"

Normally, Claire would have politely turned him down. But since all she was going to do tonight was mope around her kitchen baking more cookies, it would probably be better if she just changed the scenery. Maybe then she wouldn't waste so many groceries.

"Sounds great. What time?"

The surprise on David's face at her acceptance would have been comical if she hadn't been in a bad mood already. But he rallied quickly. "How about six o'clock? Think you could knock off work early for a change?"

She smiled at his teasing, but she really wasn't in the mood. "I think six would be fine. I'll meet you out front."

"Great!" and he disappeared before she could change her mind.

The work day dragged on with Claire barely able to focus on her work. She wanted so desperately to just curl up at home and cry out her frustration, but she had to put up a strong image in front of her co-workers. She didn't want anyone to know that she had been seeing the company big boss socially, much less that she'd slept with him. And if they ever knew that he'd dumped her immediately after their intimate weekend, she thought she would simply find a cave somewhere to live.

Going to happy hour with her co-workers was a pretty major mistake. She realized this almost as soon as she walked into the restaurant. All of them were joking around, ordering beers and other drinks, excited that the end of the work week was near. She smiled and hoped no one realized how unhappy she was as she sat down next to Joe and Andy, both of whom were on her team. Joe was a very sweet guy who was trying very hard not to be geeky, but failing miserably. His suede jacket was expensive and could be very elegant, but since he was wearing it with a plaid shirt, the gorgeous suede completely missed the mark. His glasses were stereotypically sliding down his nose and his hair was cut off to the side, but since he didn't shampoo it regularly, it was a bit too greasy to be effectively side brushed. He would be better off if he simply cut it short and let it go where it wanted, instead of the painful styling Joe put it through each morning.

Andy was a sweet guy who didn't try to be anything he wasn't. As soon as Claire sat down next to him, he turned to her and started discussing the project, his ideas for tweaking the code and the hardware he had requested to make everyone's lives easier. Claire listened as intently as possible to Andy, ignored Joe who was trying very hard to make jokes to their boss, and not be too obvious about trying to leave only fifteen minutes after she'd arrived.

The music became louder and everyone decided to order appetizers but Claire felt sick at the idea of food. As everyone started handing out menus, Claire glanced at her watch and stood up. "I'm sorry everyone, but I need to head out of here." Turning to Mike, the co-worker who had invited her, she said, "Thank you so much for including me and I apologize if I've been a boring companion tonight."

"Not at all. We were excited to see you out tonight. We figured you'd already have plans but thanks for hanging with us for a little while."

Claire looked at him curiously, the comment coming out sounding rather odd. "Why would you think I already had plans?" she asked, and her stomach clenched at what she saw in Mike's eyes. They knew! Andy looked away, Joe smiled and nodded and Mike looked as if he'd just swallowed something horrible. They all knew that she'd been spending time with Mitch and had made the leap that she'd slept with him.

"I see," she said and her shoulders drooped. "You thought I'd be out with our fabulous, bastard of a big boss, huh?" she snapped, furious with both herself for being so obvious whenever Mitch was around, and with Mitch for just being irresistible, and bringing her into his company when he knew he was going to pursue her. "Well, since now you know that I'm not seeing that..." she stopped herself before she made any other horrible comment, she turned on her heel and walked out of the restaurant, her head held high and her shoulders back as if she weren't completely humiliated to be known in the first few week's of one's employment as the boss's play-thing.

But once she'd gotten into her car and pulled out of her parking space, where no one else could see her break down, she pulled off the road into another parking lot, shifted her Mini into park and laid her head down on the steering wheel as the tears she'd been holding at bay for the past several days broke through her barrier of control.

Her cell phone rang and Claire glanced at it, only so she could push it back into her purse. But the name on the screen was exactly who she needed to talk to right now. "Emma! Oh, Emma how are you?" she called out as soon as she pressed the "talk" button.

Emma laughed. "I'm here in Washington, D.C. on a conference. Where are you? We've been trying to reach you for the past few hours."

Claire sniffed and smiled. "I've been at a happy hour and the noise must have covered up the ring tone. I'm so sorry I missed you!"

"You haven't missed us. Come over to the Favio restaurant. Darcy is already here and we're in the back at a small table. Just ignore the black suited body guards Dharran has me surrounded with. They look scary but they're actually very nice gentlemen. And when you get here, you can explain why you're crying. We'll see you in a few minutes, okay?"

Claire stopped trying to pretend and sniffed, hiccupping her laugh into the phone. "You're on. But I want to hear about married life in a desert too."

"Of course," Emma replied, laughing. "But hurry. I miss both of you."

Claire switched off and pulled out a tissue, dabbing at her eyes and repairing her makeup as best she could. There was no use trying to hide the fact that she'd been crying since Emma had already picked up on it, but also because her face was red and splotchy and she desperately needed her friends' shoulders to cry on.

She back out of her parking spot, then zoomed across town to the restaurant, making it there in record time. As soon as she entered, the hostess smiled and led her to the back of the elegant restaurant. There were indeed four very large men at two different tables drinking iced tea and pretending to look inconspicuous but failing miserably. But Claire had eyes only for the two women sitting at the third table. Emma looked gorgeous with her all-American smile and dark, curling hair swinging around her shoulders. Darcy looked as humorous as always in her cargo pants and drab hat, her signature gorgeous brown hair tucked away so the paparazzi wouldn't find her but the two of them saw her walking in between the tables and immediately stood up, both wrapping their arms around her and giving her a hug.

As soon as she was with her old friends, the damn burst once again. Claire couldn't help it, feeling this kind of support after the horrible week she'd had broke down all her defenses and she sobbed out the horrible story to both of them. Neither Darcy nor Emma said a word until Claire was finished, ending her sad tale with the recently abandoned happy hour.

"So he just bailed on you after he drove you home Sunday night?" Emma asked.

"Yes," Claire sniffed, using the previously immaculate linen napkin as a tissue which now had her mascara and powder all over it as the tears streamed down her face. "I really hate him," she said with emotion. "At least he could have called and told me he was blowing me off. Just disappearing like this, not even being around the office, it's pretty horrible."

Darcy shook her head. "I don't know. If I'm going to be dumped, I don't think I'd like to see the guy around the office afterwards. I think that's the whole point of avoiding office romances," she argued. "It makes for a pretty awkward elevator ride."

Claire thought about that and nodded. "You're right. I guess I should be glad that he hasn't been around to gloat. It would make me furious if I saw him and he winked at me, or gave one of the other people in the office a knowing elbow jab, indicating that he'd 'done' me like I'm some sort of prize," she said and broke down in tears all over again.

"From what you've told me about this Mitch guy, he doesn't sound like the kind to kiss and tell." Emma bit her lower lip, concentrating on something. "That name sounds oddly familiar. I just can't place it right now."

One of the dark suited men stood up and came over, whispering in Emma's ear. "You're kidding," Emma replied, staring up at the man in disbelief.

Claire focused on Emma, her heart constricting while she saw the expressions flit across her friend's face.

"What's wrong, Em?" Darcy asked, obviously getting the same vibe since all three of them were tense and still.

Emma grimaced. "Mitch's company does the security for Dharran's palace as well as all of his residences." She glanced back at the body guard who nodded. "Apparently several of the government agencies too." Emma hesitated once again before sighing. "Okay, he must do the security for all of the government agencies," she spat out angrily and turned away from the body guard who chuckled and sat back down.

Claire laughed as well. She couldn't help it, her friend was so sweetly loyal and the expression on her face told her exactly what Emma was thinking about her husband helping the enemy. "Don't worry about it," Claire said. "I don't want his company to fall apart." She thought about it before saying, "Although I wouldn't mind if some of his body parts would fall off," she said with relish.

Darcy laughed and nodded. "Can we pick the body parts?" she asked.

Claire immediately shook her head. "No way. I get to choose but if you have a preference, I'd be more than happy to listen."

Emma ran her fingers through her hair. "Okay, we're all in a bit of a bind right now. Darcy's brother is looking for her, Claire's lover has been a jerk and I'm off again tomorrow to the desert. What's the plan?"

Darcy sighed. "If I disappear for a little while, just don't worry about me, okay?"

Claire sat up in her chair. "What? I'm sorry, I missed something. Darcy? Your brother is looking for you? When did this start? And how do you know? Why would he want to get back in touch with you? I thought you said you had this thing with your family under control. What happened?"

Darcy's mouth pouted, indicating to Emma that she shouldn't have given that tid bit of information to Claire. "Claire, you have enough to worry about right now. I'll tell you about Marco later."

Claire was already shaking her head. "You'll tell me about Marco right now. Are you saying he's found you or that he's just looking for you?"

"Right now, he's only asked my agent, Bertie, for information about me. Bertie gave Marco the standard line about not really knowing where I am at any given point in time but promised to use her normal communication routes to try and reach me."

Emma laughed. "Isn't Bertie's normal communication route a cell phone?"

Darcy smiled, showing off her famous dimples. "Yes, but no one knows that."

"Do I need to get Mitch's company to get you more protection?" Claire said, instantly concerned. Darcy's family were old fashioned Mafia. Her father wasn't just well connected. He was the center of all connections when it came to Mafia connections. He ran the East Coast Mafia families and had been trying to get their daughter back into the family fold, marry her off to one of the other ruling families to solidify their power. It was very political and marriages were a practical way of ensuring loyalty to the boss.

"That's very sweet of you, but I think I have it covered. If anything changes though, you'll be the first person I call."

Claire considered ignoring her friend's refusal and getting Mitch involved anyway, but knew she'd have to respect Darcy's request. "Okay. For now," she finished as a caveat. "But keep me up to date on what's going on so we don't worry."

Emma was nodding her head.

A tall, handsome man with dark hair and grey eyes strolled up to the table. "Good evening, ladies," Dharran said to the table in general before he bent to kiss Emma gently. "I'm sorry to break this up, but we have to leave. The plane is ready for takeoff."

Emma smiled back up at him. "Thanks. I know you gave us extra time." Turning to Claire and Darcy, she stood up, giving each of them a hug. "Keep me up to date. Both of you," she said as she pulled both of them into a group hug. "You were both there for me when I was trying to figure out this guy's intentions," she said, smiling up at the man she obviously loved very much. "I owe you both."

Claire and Darcy watched sadly as Emma and her new husband walked out of the restaurant, surrounded now by both her security detail and Dharran's.

"It would certainly be nice, wouldn't it?" Darcy said with a sigh in her voice.

Claire's chin was propped up on her hand and she nodded sadly. "It sure would," she said, her voice cracking as she wished that the person walking out of the restaurant was her, and Mitch's hand were at the small of her back. And she knew they were going home to his fabulous house near the mountains where he would make love to her with the massive windows beside her, some romantic music in the background and Mitch with nothing on but a heated look in his eyes.

"You're thinking about him again, aren't you?" Darcy asked.

Claire only nodded once again. "I know. I'm going to have to stop that," she replied with a sniff. Trying very hard not to cry, she bit her lip and blinked repeatedly until the tears were reabsorbed. Not wanting to weigh on her friend, who looked like she'd just lost a puppy, she turned to Darcy and observed her friend quietly for a moment. Something struck her as odd about Darcy. Claire couldn't put her finger on exactly what it was, but something was definitely not right.

"Darcy, is Fred okay?"

Darcy stopped fiddling with her napkin and smiled brightly. "Fred's doing great. Why do you ask?"

Claire shrugged and took another sip of her chardonnay. "I don't know." She observed for another long moment. "Is Ginger still healing?"

"Yep, she's doing great. She's running around with the pack, nipping at Fred when he gets out of line. They're very cute together."

"What's wrong?"

Darcy shrugged as if everything were okay. "Nothing. We got some kittens dropped off last week. They follow me around like little tiny shadows but they're adorable."

"Do the dogs not like the kittens?" she asked, still trying to determine what was lurking behind Darcy's beautiful sage eyes.

Darcy immediately shook her head, stuffing her long, brown tresses back under her disguise. "No, the opposite in fact. The dogs are extra careful around the tiny little guys. It's actually funny how they wait for the kittens to follow them, except when they're running around the farm. It's all or nothing when they're set free for their romps through the fields chasing the other animals."

Claire sat back and crossed her arms over her chest. "So if all the animals are okay, and I'm guessing Dave and Matt are still okay or you would have said something, you haven't shown up at some nightclub in a few weeks so the paparazzi isn't driving you crazy with their silly rumors and assumptions, then it must be something personal."

Darcy glanced at her friend and Claire knew by the way Darcy's eyes slid away, unable to look at her, that she'd hit on something.

"You're imagining things," Darcy scoffed, about to down her last gulp of lemonade but Claire put a hand to Darcy's forearm, stopping her from rushing out. "What's going on?" Claire asked softly, as gently as possible so Darcy didn't feel caged in. With Darcy's upbringing, she hated being trapped or coerced and Claire knew she needed help but was too proud to ask for it.

Darcy fiddled with the linen napkin, obviously thinking and considering how much to tell. Finally, she came to a decision, put the napkin down and laid her hands flat on the table as if bracing herself. "I wasn't completely up front about Marco's intentions." She sighed and her shoulders drooped. "He's actually a bit closer to finding me than I'm comfortable with. I might have to do something a bit more drastic than simply hiding out on the farm."

Claire's mind worked frantically, trying to figure out how much Darcy might be omitting. It difficult to realize since Darcy was her friend and had seemed very fragile when it came to her family, but Claire finally grasped that, if Darcy were admitting this much, there was a great deal more that she wasn't confessing. Possibly even to herself. "Why do you think your brother is trying so hard after so many years?"

Darcy nodded, grimacing herself. "I wish I knew. It seems very strange, even to me. "

"Any ideas on he wants?"

"I have no idea, nor do I want to find out. When my father wanted to find me, it was usually pretty bad news."

Claire nodded. "I remember. He always had a groom in mind when he'd show up at our dorms in college."

Darcy shuddered. "Ugh. I can't imagine what you and Emma thought about those visits," she said and pushed her hair back under her hat when it slipped out of her disguise.

Claire considered her options. "I'll find out what's going on for you," she said decisively.

Darcy started shaking her head even before Claire had finished talking. "Claire, you'll stay out of this. I don't want you hurt."

"And I don't want you married off to some thug who will make your life miserable for the rest of your days. I'll be very careful and subtle."

"Just like you were subtle when you broke into Mitch's house?"

"That was different," Claire said, instantly dismissing that debacle, and the heated, passionate kiss that happened that night, starting off the fire that had ended last weekend, in bed. And everywhere else in Mitch's house, for that matter. Not that she was going to tell her friend that though.

"Claire, you're going to let me handle this."

"And exactly what are you going to do to handle it?" she challenged her friend. "Hide away in a different place than what you've been doing since college?"

"Maybe. It's worked so far, hasn't it?"

"No!" Claire argued. "It definitely hasn't worked. Look at you! You can't even sit in a restaurant without a disguise because you can't keep a job that your father doesn't get you fired from. You can't go out in public now because he's reduced you down to a night club guru wearing outfits you hate, being with men who..."

"Okay, so it isn't the best solution, but its working. I'm doing exactly what I love, which is keeping animals safe. So what's the harm? My father actually did me a favor by pushing me into hiding like this."

Claire considered her friend for a long moment, not willing to concede the issue. It would be better if Darcy could go back to school and get her veterinarian degree, become a real vet instead of a side lined vet.

"I'll leave it alone for a while, but promise me you'll keep me informed if something happens."

Darcy looked more determined than Claire had ever seen her at any other time in their friendship. "Before something happens, I'm going to disappear for a little while. So if you don't hear from me, just assume that I've gone into hiding and you'll know the reason. Okay?"

Claire considered her friend, fighting against her instincts to tuck Darcy under her arm and keep her safe somehow. She wasn't sure how she was going to do that since Darcy was a few inches taller, but Claire had probably another ten pounds on Darcy, mostly in the boob area, though, which in the end, didn't count. "I don't like it," she said finally.

Darcy reached out and hugged Claire. "I know. And it really helps to know that you're there for me."

"So is Em, you know."

"I definitely do. And Emma's place would be the best possible hiding spot if my brother ever gets too close, don't you think?"

Claire laughed, delighted by the idea. "I think it would be perfect! I wish I'd thought of that! What better place to hide from a mafia father or brother than a best friend's new palace, complete with a whole army to guard you?"

"It certainly fits the bill," she said as both of them gathered up their purses and started to pay the bill. The waiter appeared out of nowhere and shook his head. "Your bill has already been paid, ladies," he said quietly.

Claire and Darcy both looked at each other, their wallets frozen mid way out of their respective purses as they smiled and shook their heads. "Emma," they both said in unison and laughed. Emma had always been the one with no money after college, since she'd spent all of her money trying to help the inner city kids she worked with. The woman was now trying to make up for old times when they'd snuck away and paid the bill so she wouldn't have to scrape her change together to pay her portion of the bill.

Claire and Darcy walked out of the restaurant arm in arm, both of them smiling and Claire felt carefree for a few moments until she hugged her friend goodbye.

And then she got into her car, started the engine, and her sad, lonely life came crashing back to face her in the dark night.

Chapter 10

Claire woke the next morning with a headache. Cursing the sunshine that streamed through her window, she sat up and glared at the clock. Even wishing she could blink and the clock would shift back in time so she could fall back to sleep, bury herself under the covers and forget about the day didn't work.

Pulling her legs over the side of the bed, she forced her feet to carry the rest of her body into the shower. It was a painful process but once the water started to warm up, and her body was a bit more rejuvenated, she worked on her "game face".

Obviously Mitch had gotten what he wanted from her and had now moved on to someone else, so she needed to do that as well. He had the option of not showing up for work, since the bastard owned the company. She thought about changing jobs, but she didn't think it would be a wise career move to change again, only a few weeks after she'd started with this one. Which meant she had to tough it out at Titus Securities for another eleven months. She could do it, she just needed to figure out a good reaction to Mitch if, or more likely, when she ran into him. Since she'd run into him occasionally prior to their weekend away, she knew it would be impossible to avoid him completely.

She could still park on the other side of the building, which would give her the added benefit of not knowing when he was actually in the office. She could also take the stairs, which would be good for her anyway since she exercised only when Emma or Darcy dragged her out to the mountains for a hike. Getting her heartbeat up and working out a bit more would be an added benefit to the rejection. She could do it though. And maybe joining an exercise class or a gym would be a good thing, she told herself. Mitch was in amazing shape and he worked out twice a day, although he was definitely the exception to the workout rule. She knew that Darcy and Emma worked out once a day, most days, so she'd try it as well.

She shut off the water and dried herself off, considering the options to possible exercise routines. She liked this process, she thought as she pulled on a pair of black slacks and a black turtleneck sweater. A bit depressing, she thought as she slipped her feet into a pair of black boots, but she felt more than a bit depressed so the color was appropriate.

She glanced at the clock and knew she'd have to hurry if she was going to make it to work before Mitch's usual arrival of eight o'clock. She wanted to be there bright and early just in case he showed up today. She didn't want to come in after him, she needed to show him that she wasn't impacted by his desertion, that she could take this relationship all in stride, just as he appeared to be doing.

The phone in her purse started ringing but, glancing at the phone number, she ignored it because she didn't recognize the caller. Dropping it back into her purse, she poured herself a glass of milk for breakfast, then headed back to her bedroom to put on makeup and do her hair.

As she picked up her hair dryer, she looked at her face in the mirror and was shocked. Her eyes were red rimmed and even now there were tears streaming down her face. She hadn't realized she was crying, but as soon as she saw them, making small trails down her lightly freckled face, she broke down and let it all out.

She cried for her lost hope in men, in the fact that Mitch hadn't been as moved about their weekend together as she'd been. She cried because she was alone, in her apartment, in a black outfit that she hated, but didn't have the energy to change. She cried because she loved that man so desperately, admired him for what he'd built, for how he lived his life, and for his gentle touch. Even now, knowing about his rejection, she still wanted to feel his strong hands as they skimmed down her body, the way they tickled her in certain spots, and made her moan in desperate need when he touched other places. And he'd found them all last weekend. He'd been relentless as he'd explored her body, and let her explore his.

She threw her brush across the room, and was even more furious when it landed against her unmade bed, landing with a soft thud instead of the sharp crack she needed to hear when it hit something more solid. Although nothing would ease her frustration, or the painful sadness she was feeling deep in her bones, a little violence would be nice, she thought to the now inert hairbrush.

Anger was good though. Anger helped propel her forward. With a harsh wipe against her eyes, she pushed herself up off the floor and stood up again in front of her mirror. Makeup was her specialty, she told her reflection. With a heavy hand, she dabbed concealor under her eyes, hiding the red rims and dark circles that would certainly tip off anyone who noticed her walking down the office hallways.

She normally didn't wear foundation during the day, but her pale complexion demanded it today. Powder, mascara, liquid eye liner, and dark red lipstick finished off her face. Looking back at herself, she knew that she looked a bit paler than normal, but her appearance would probably past muster from her co-workers. Her hair was another problem. She dried it, curled it and fluffed it up, but no matter what she did, the pale tresses defied control.

"My hairbrush is just rebelling against me because I threw it earlier," she told her reflection.

Deciding she'd talked to herself a bit too much for the morning, she walked out of the bedroom, flipping the light switch so she wouldn't immediately see the unmade bed when she walked into the apartment tonight.

Her stomach really didn't want any food right now, so instead of making a sandwich or something for lunch, she simply tossed some fruit into her bag, intending to grab something at the company cafeteria, or maybe she could go out for lunch with the rest of the team.

As she was about to leave her apartment, she leaned her head against the front door, giving herself a pep talk. "You can do this, Claire. Be fun, be breezy, be nice and laugh. You can fake it for a few hours." She told herself that over and over again on the drive into the office, and as she walked down the side parking area to the loading area. From there, she walked up the stairs, avoiding the main lobby area where most of the staff entered the building.

The stairs were more trouble than she realized but she made it up the five flights to her floor, wheezing by the time she entered her office. She dumped her purse into her desk, got a cup of coffee in the kitchen, grateful she was early so no one else was there, so she could avoid conversing with everyone about the happy hour from the night before. She really didn't want to hear all the jokes and the funny stories, who got what for dinner and who left with whom. She was done with office romances.

Sitting down at her computer, she pulled up the code she'd been working on the day before, diving back into the issues and working through the details. In the back of her mind, she heard the rest of the team drift slowly into work but she pushed everything out of her mind, focusing only on one problem at a time.

"Are you okay?"

Claire looked up from her computer, blinking to focus her attention on something other than the computer screen. Charlie Bonnasera, the team project manager, was standing in her doorway looking at her with a fatherly look of concern on his face.

"I'm sorry?"

He stepped a bit more into her office, leaning against the door frame. "Are you doing okay today? I know you left the happy hour early last night. This morning, you're in before the rest of the team."

She smothered a sarcastic reply. "I'm fine. I just got in a bit earlier than normal," she explained. "I've been able to accomplish a great deal," she explained and turned one of her monitors so Charlie could see what she'd done, explaining the code she'd written and how it would work, how it would interact with the other team members' objectives to meet the overall requirements of the project.

When she was finished, Charlie stood up, nodding. "That's impressive work. I like the way you've gone in a new direction and it will be interesting to see how the testers come back with their replies. But that still doesn't answer my question."

She turned her attention back to her computer. "Charlie, I'm perfectly fine. Just in a zone," she said, pretending to smile as if she really were okay.

Charlie seemed to accept her answer, because when she looked up again, he wasn't in her doorway any longer.

She got up and refilled her coffee cup, then went back to her computer. The next time she looked up, the hallway was empty and the lights were out in most of the offices. Glancing at her watch, she realized that it was already seven o'clock. She'd worked for twelve hours without stopping.

With a sigh, she went back to her office and shut down. With determination, she picked up her purse and left the building. She drove straight to a fitness store and picked out several workout clothes, purchased a good pair of cross trainer shoes and a new MP3 player.

The next morning, she followed the same routine, although she didn't wear all black this time. By the end of the day, she wasn't sure what she wore, but she drove from the office to the fitness center down the street from her apartment. It took only fifteen minutes to sign up for the classes and then she was in the back of the class, learning something called Zoomba. She had no idea what she was doing, but focusing on the person in front of her, mimicking their moves, helped her to not think about anything else.

The next three days followed the same pattern although she forced herself to eat more food, even though everything tasted like sandpaper or saw dust. She got it all down with either a cup of milk or a cup of coffee, whichever was closer.

By Saturday, she went into the office even though she was way ahead of her scheduled milestone dates. She couldn't stay at home, she had no projects to work on and she didn't want to face her neighbors.

Calling Darcy, she only reached voice mail once again. This was not good, she thought, grateful for something new to worry about besides the last two men in her life. Calling Matt, she reached the veterinarian's voice mail but asked Matt to give her a call as soon as he could. Claire knew that their vet office was crazy busy on weekends, the time when they did most of their business.

She worked on her code, forced herself to eat more fruit, went to another aerobics class in the afternoon and got home Saturday night just in time to be extremely depressed. There was nothing to do, she had no projects. She didn't even feel like baking, which was always her fall back when she was upset about something.

Pulling on her coat, she walked out of the apartment and strolled down the street. It was a cold, gloomy autumn day and the grey clouds only increased her depression. Sitting on a park bench, she watched the ducks paddle by, their bodies somehow able to stay reasonably warm despite the almost freezing temperatures and the biting wind that tossed them about slightly when a strong gust whipped across the water. The fountain in the middle of the pond was turned off now that the summer was passed. Which meant that she could see the bridge that spanned a portion of the pond. The grasses that normally grew along the edge of the pond were now dried up, the trees had lost their leaves and the people who normally strolled along the pathways were inside their homes, being warmed by a fire or reading a good book.

Claire thought about getting a book. Maybe a good mystery would occupy her mind until Monday morning. She couldn't do anymore work on her code until the others caught up. She'd reached a stage where more of the others' code needed to be interconnected, so she didn't even have work as an outlet.

Instead, she sat on the bench, looking out across the grey afternoon. Not even watching the ducks. It wasn't until she felt her toes start to tingle that she considered going back inside. As she walked, her eyes avoided looking at the couple walking along the path on the opposite side of the pond, or at the people in their cars, both couples and families as they hurried about their Saturday errands, some laughing, some not, but all of them looking a lot less lonely than she felt.

Her apartment was cold and empty feeling as she entered it a few minutes later. She didn't even take off her coat as she curled up on her sofa. Claire turned on the television, but didn't really find anything to watch. Still feeling cold, she pulled the blanket from the back of the sofa, covering herself from head to toe as the shivers started.

She woke to the television static and looked around. It was already three o'clock in the morning. Apparently she'd fallen asleep on the sofa but she didn't feel any better now than she had when she'd come in from her walk earlier in the day. Pulling herself off the couch, she made her way into the bedroom, turning off lights as she went. She was so tired and miserable, she only took the time to pull off her shoes before climbing into bed, clothes, coat and all, covering her still shaking body in the soft, down comforter but as she closed her eyes, she wondered if she'd ever feel warm again.

Claire didn't wake up until Sunday afternoon and that was only to go to the bathroom, get a glass of water and take some cold medicine. The day before, she'd thought she'd been cold from her walk but now she knew that she'd come down with a cold somehow. Uncaring of the how's, she kept up with the water and cold medicine, and stayed in bed until Monday morning.

At that point, she knew she had to get to work. Still feeling awful, not having spoken with anyone since Darcy and Emma Friday night, she pulled herself out of bed and forced herself to get ready for work. Stuffing the package of cold medicine into her purse, she grabbed a glass of orange juice, but couldn't drink it because her throat was too sore.

At the office, she tried to focus on her work, but as the day progressed, she felt even worse than she had on the weekend.

"Where the hell have you been?" a deep voice demanded from her office doorway.

Claire looked up, not really caring who it was, as long as they could let a little breeze into her office. She was suddenly feeling uncomfortably hot. "Excuse me?" she said, as politely as possible. Her tired, sore eyes took in the incredibly handsome form of Mitch as he stood in her doorway, looking like the wrath of God with all his fury shouting at her through is eyes.

"Claire? What's happened to you?"

"To me?" she asked, propping her head up with her hand. "Nothing's happened to me. Why do you want to know?"

The anger left his body and he moved inside her office. "Why do you look so horrible?" he asked, a bit more gently, concern in his eyes replacing the fury of moments before.

"Possibly because I feel awful."

"Why didn't you call in sick? You're feverish and you look like hell."

That got her attention. "Okay, first you desert me, probably for some bimbo who didn't drive you so crazy and didn't give you a hard time, and now you come into my office, demanding to know where I've been , when I've been home by myself, not that it's any of your business. And now you dare to tell me I look bad? Well you can just go to hell," she said, but the last words didn't come across as much of an epithet since she sneezed, several times, so the "hell" came out as more of a "Helsh" instead.

"You're coming home, Claire. You're sick."

"No I'm not. I don't have any sick days since you forced me into this job. So if I'm sick, then everyone else around here is going to be contaminated."

"No. You're coming with me and you're not going to infect the rest of my staff. Get your purse Claire. Let's go."

"I'm not going," she countered, and turned away from him, trying to focus her blurry eyes on her computer screens. She wished he would just go away so she could blow her nose in peace and isolation.

"Come along," he said and, on the first try, pulled open the drawer that contained her purse. "Are we going to do this the easy way where you walk out of here on your own two feet? Or am I going to carry you?" he asked.

Claire waved him away, pretending to ignore him. But the next moment, her chair was jerked back and his strong arms were about to pick her up.

"Fine!" she screamed, pushing at his arms and moving out of his reach. "Fine," she said more calmly when he stood back from her, crossing his arms over his chest. "I'll go. But you clear it with my boss, Charlie and tell him that I'll make up the time."

Charlie stepped into the doorway right at that moment. "She worked about eighteen hour days all last week. She's more than already made up the time. Besides, if you'll get her out of here, the rest of the team will have a chance to catch up with her. She's so far ahead of everyone else that she's at a standstill until we can connect the code she's already written."

Mitch nodded his head. "Thanks Charlie. I'll make sure she gets home."

"No you won't," she said and grabbed her purse, walking out of the door. "I'll see you tomorrow, Charlie," she said it more softly, all the anger burned out of her after her last tirade.

"I don't want to see you back here until you're one hundred percent," Charlie contradicted. "Don't worry about us. Just feel better, okay?"

"Thanks," she said, truly grateful for his consideration. She didn't bother to glare at Mitch, not having the energy.

Instead, she walked out, using the elevators this time. She knew that Mitch was right behind her, but she didn't care. She just wanted to get back home and crawl into bed.

When the elevators opened up, she stepped into the cab, leaning her cheek against the mirror, hoping to cool herself down. The heat was right back and she wanted to peel her coat off just to cool down.

She didn't realize that Mitch had followed her into the elevator until he sighed and pressed the lobby button when Claire simply continued to lean against the cool mirrored wall. "I would have gotten to that eventually."

"I know," he said softly.

In the lobby, Claire walked out of the steel and glass doors, trying desperately hard to ignore Mitch who was right behind her, as well as focus on the ground in front of her so she wouldn't make a fool of herself and trip. For some reason, she was having a great deal of trouble lifting her legs and placing her legs one in front of the other at the moment.

She headed towards her own car, but Mitch stopped her with a simple shake of his head and led her to his own. By this point, her head was pounding so badly that she didn't even have the strength to argue with him about which vehicle she was going to use to get home, as long as she got there as fast as possible.

When she slipped into the soft, comfortable leather seat, she simply leaned her head against the glass, getting whatever relief from the heat she could find. By the time Mitch was in the driver's seat, she was already sound asleep so she didn't notice when he gently strapped her into her seatbelt and drove her to his house.

He parked in the garage, then walked around to the still sleeping woman, greeting a very excited Duke as he walked around to the passenger side. With fast reflexes, he opened the car door and caught Claire who had still been sleeping against the window. Duke noticed the difference in his new friend and sniffed her clothes curiously, then stepped back to make room for his master who was trying to get Claire out of the car.

He effortlessly carried her upstairs to his room, pulled off her shoes and stockings, then her slacks, purposely turned his eyes away when he saw her black lace underwear, then tucked his sick little woman under the covers. When he was finished, he looked down at her blond hair fluffed up on his pillow and realized that he wanted her there. Not just for the weekend, or the next month. But for always. This woman had driven him crazy with lust and sheer amazement at her gall and loyalty, had somehow gotten under his skin and weaseled her way into his heart. He loved hearing her laugh, wondering what crazy plan she was going to come up with next, her intelligence and creativity. He knew that there wasn't much about her he didn't like.

The past week without her had been horrible. He'd been thinking about her all the time, wondering what she was doing, what she'd thought about the note he'd asked Allyson to deliver, and if she'd be mad at him for not telling her where he'd been.

He'd done an urgent favor for a friend, who needed to find his sister. She'd been in and out of the gossip papers for years so he'd thought it would be an easy job to find the woman. Especially with her reputed drug and alcohol problems. But she'd been much more elusive than he'd thought. And when he'd found her, living on a farm only a few miles from his house, he'd been amazed that she'd been so close all the time when he'd traveled from one corner of the country to another and even to London to track her down with the various leads he'd unearthed. For a woman who had been so open about her clubbing and partying, she was definitely not an easy target to find.

But now, his favor had been repayed, he'd delivered the information on her whereabouts to his friend and he was free to try and convince this tiny little blond bombshell to spend the rest of her life with him. He wanted kids with her, which shocked him to the core. As he went down the stairs to make himself some coffee, he thought about little blond daughters running around his house, all with her chocolate brown eyes and sweet, mischievous smile. And boys. He'd love to have some sons as well. The thought of little blond boys was a nice idea. He considered how he would teach the boys to watch out for the girls, then realized what he was thinking and stopped himself, glad that he'd only thought it instead of saying it out loud to Claire. She'd probably try to kick his butt if she knew what a sexist thought he'd just had.

He chuckled when he revised his future plans. The girls, he corrected himself, would learn to defend themselves just as well as the boys. Because they would be dating....Mitch stopped cold, his hand frozen with the coffee grounds spilling onto the countertop as he furiously considered one of his daughters trying to defend herself from a teenage boy. Someone like himself. No way in hell!

Mitch again revised his thoughts. No daughters. He couldn't handle having daughters that looked like Claire. No way. He'd be a nervous wreck by the time they finally married if they were anything like Claire. No way! He almost punched the cabinet just thinking about some teenage boy trying to kiss his daughter so he wiped that image out of his mind. They would have sons. He could handle sons. Lots of boys running around, chasing after Duke, and Duke's puppies. Yep, kids needed puppies. Maybe the woman he'd just found could recommend some animals to adopt, ones that Duke wouldn't mind. The kittens he'd noticed trailing after a pack of mismatched dogs might be a nice touch.

With that on his mind, he pressed the start button on the coffee machine, then started up his home computer which was instantly linked to his office. Anything he could do at the office, he could also do here, although he had significantly different security here because he wasn't willing to have armed guards patrolling the grounds of his house like he had at his various office buildings.

Several hours later, he heated up some soup, poured a glass of juice and brought it up the stairs. Since Claire was still sleeping, he placed the tray on the bedside table and laid his hand on her forehead. She was burning up. Going into the bathroom, he pulled out a package of unopened cold medicine.

Back in the bedroom, Claire was waking up, staring into the wall as if confused.

Claire looked around, but didn't recognize her bed. This one was much bigger, much more masculine. "Where am I?" she asked.

"You're at my house," Mitch said softly and walked back to the bed. "Can you sit up and take some medicine? You have a fever right now that I think needs to come down so you'll be more comfortable."

Claire sat up slowly and leaned against the pillows he stacked up behind her. She took the medicine, then drank as much of the orange juice as she could. "Why did you bring me here?" she asked. "Can you take me home?"

"We'll talk about that later," he said, knowing there was no way in hell he was going to drive her home to her house while she felt, and looked, so awful.

"Take me home now, please," she said, but her eyes were already drifting closed, her body relaxing back to sleep.

Mitch would have chuckled at her stubbornness if he hadn't been so concerned. Standing up, he picked up the phone and called Allyson, giving her instructions to get a doctor over to his house as soon as possible.

Twenty minutes later, a doctor called back, giving Mitch instructions based on the symptoms he'd described. "If she gets any worse, or if her fever doesn't break with the medicine, bring her into the emergency room," he said.

For the next three days, Mitch brought her hot tea, orange juice and soup along with cold medicine, promising each time she woke up that he'd discuss taking her home when she woke up the next time. For three days, he slept in the bedroom across the hallway from her so he could be near in case she needed him during the night, he worked from home and pampered her as much as he could.

Claire woke up and looked around, amazed that she felt so much better. She'd been in a blurry haze of misery for so long, she had no idea what day it was or where she was. No, she looked around the room at the gorgeous furniture she'd picked out....she wasn't sure how long ago their weekend together was, but she smiled as she looked at the furniture she'd picked out of a magazine and sent to him through interoffice mail. Once again, he'd followed her suggestions exactly, even down to the placement of the furniture and the sheets and bed spread.

Then her smile disappeared. She hated this man, she reminded herself. Okay, so he'd taken care of her when she was sick, but she would have gotten through this cold just like she'd gotten through the others. Besides, it was his fault she'd gotten so sick in the first place. If she hadn't been so overworked and depressed, pushing herself so she wouldn't think about him, she never would have gotten so sick.

Looking to the side of the bed, she didn't see the tea he normally brought to her each morning. Swinging her legs carefully over the side of the bed, she padded her way to the bathroom to shower, feeling enormously better once she was clean. She still didn't have makeup, nor any clean clothes to wear and she definitely wasn't putting on the clothes she'd been in for the past four days.

Since Mitch still wasn't appearing to stop her, she opened and closed drawers until she found a pair of men's pajamas. They were still in the package so she assumed Mitch simply slept in the nude, as he had that weekend they'd been together. Of course, she had as well, which wasn't her normal sleeping attire. That weekend had been different simply because he hadn't allowed her to wear much clothing at all. Good grief, they'd spent so much of it in bed, she'd barely dressed.

That was a bit embarrassing now, but she pulled on the soft, silk pajamas, admiring the way the navy blue made her skin look soft and creamy despite the need for makeup to cover those ridiculous freckles she hated so much.

The pants were a bit of a problem since Mitch was so much taller than she was, but she tied the waist band as much as she could, then rolled the pants legs up several times. The tails of the shirt she simply knotted at her waist and rolled the sleeves up as well. She looked like she was wearing a gunny sack, but she was covered, which was the priority.

It was surprising to leave Mitch's bedroom but she found him almost immediately when she walked into the hallway. The door to the bedroom across the hallway was open and since there was only a bed in that room, with one very large male draped diagonally across the center of it, she'd found her nurse nightingale.

"I thought I was the lazy one," she said, leaning against the doorframe, keeping as much distance as she could so she wouldn't be tempted to touch his naked back, which was all she could see while the sheet covered his backside.

Mitch didn't move.

A bit more concerned, Claire moved into the bedroom and looked more carefully at the man. Sure enough, he was sound asleep, but she could tell that his face was flushed underneath the grey tone of his skin.

"Uh oh," she whispered. "So much for getting back to my own place today," she said to the silent man. "I guess it's only fair to help you out, big guy."

Mitch's hand moved slightly and she was relieved to know that he was at least not dead. Feeling his forehead, she confirmed that he was indeed feverish.

In his kitchen, she found the tea sitting on the counter and heated up the water. Taking that and some orange juice up to the other bedroom, she found him laying on is back, one hand draped over his face. "Can you sit up?" she asked softly in case he was still sleeping.

Mitch's entire body jerked, then a moan escaped. "Go away."

"Not gonna happen, dude."

"I'm fine. Go away."

"Take some medicine," she said and pulled his hand so she could place the cold medicine in his palm. "Come on, I have some orange juice here for you to wash it down with. And some tea."

"Coffee," he groaned, popping the pills into the back of his throat and swallowing, followed by a grimace as the pills moved past what she suspected was a pretty painfully sore throat, since he most likely was experiencing the same things she'd been dealing with for the past several days.

"Come on, have some tea."

"I have a meeting. Need coffee," he said and tried to sit up.

"If I make you some coffee and bring your laptop up here, will you drink the tea?" she said.

"Yes."

Claire almost laughed at how grumpy he was. She certainly hoped she hadn't been like this when she'd been sick.

Three days later, Claire was no longer laughing. She was ready to kick his butt! The man was a horrible patient. He refused cold medicine, demanded coffee instead of tea, which she never gave him, even switching to herbal tea just to get more liquid into him without the diuretic effects of the caffeine. He demanded his computer, but when she brought to him, he was already asleep.

The first day, she'd driven home as quickly as she could, exceeding speed limits on every turn in an effort to get back before Mitch worried about her. As she stuffed clothes and makeup into a big bag, she tried to convince herself that she didn't care if Mitch was worried when she didn't come to him when he called, but she knew that she did care.

From his house to her apartment and back, she was gone for less than an hour, extremely grateful that it was the middle of the day so most of the police officers were probably on a shift change and hadn't caught her racing along the roads and rolling through stop signs.

After that, she cooked in his magnificent kitchen, baking anything she felt like making, working from his house on her own laptop and calling into meetings when she was needed. When she had to go up to his bedroom, she braced herself to come up with some way to get that stubborn male to drink liquids and eat a small bit of food.

Each time she put something into the oven, she hurried up the stairs to check on him. By the middle of the afternoon, his fever had come down but he was still sleeping.

After making brownies, chocolate chip cookies, ginger snaps and butter brickle, she wandered into his library and skimmed the titles. No frivolous mysteries here, she thought as she noted Shakespeare, Durkheim, Nietche and other very heavy tomes. Pulling out one of the volumes of code, she picked up her laptop and carried both book and computer back up the stairs. In the guest room, she pulled a comfy looking chair into position, settled the laptop on her lap and started learning a new computer language. She didn't like this one as much as the one she was currently programming in, but there could be benefits to this one.

She was halfway through the book when Mitch started moaning. She got up immediately and heated some soup for him and another cup of tea, this one raspberry, grinning maliciously as she carried both up the stairs.

He was somewhat awake and trying to reach for the glass of water by the bed when she walked in. "I'll get that for you," she ordered.

Mitch tried to look furious, but he was simply too sick to contradict her order. His hand dropped down to the bed, but he glared at her as best he could.

Claire chuckled as she watched him, handing him the glass carefully and helping him drink it. "You're cute when you're sick, buddy," she teased.

"Payback, Claire," he warned but because he started coughing at the end of that threat, it didn't come across and nearly as ominously as he'd intended.

"Well, when you're feeling better, you can reprimand me all you want. Until then, take some cold medicine and shut up."

He took the cold medicine and popped it into the back of his throat, swallowing without liquids but grimacing at the pain. She laughed softly, shaking her head. "Stop trying to be all he-man about this and just accept some help, you big brute!"

"Claire," he sighed and his eyes started closing but she wouldn't let him fall asleep. "Nope! Wake up and have some soup. Just a little bit. It's been twenty four hours since you've had anything and, although you're a giant of a man, you won't recover quickly enough if you don't eat something and keep the liquids flowing through your system."

"You're a bossy bit of goods when you're feeling confident, aren't you?" he asked but he took the bowl of soup and took several spoonfuls.

"Of course I am. I'm actually pretty bossy all the time, you just don't listen to me."

"I listen."

Claire thought there might be a hidden meaning in that but she wasn't exactly sure. "Besides, just think of the soup as a way to get all your strength back so you can make your next conquest. Think of all the ladies out there just waiting to be awed by your glamorous self."

She turned her head away after saying that, because thinking of him in another woman's arms was just too painful. She also missed the questioning look he gave her as well.

He was too tired and too miserable right at the moment to understand what she was telling him though. "Okay, you've had enough I guess," she said when his eyes started to droop once again. "Go back to sleep and dream about all those lovely ladies out there waiting for you."

She watched as his eyes closed and his body relaxed once again into sleep, furious with both him for being such a womanizing jerk, and herself for falling so hard for him.

"Dammit, why did you have to make me love you so much?" she whispered to the now silent man.

She took the half empty bowl of soup and the tea back down to the kitchen and stored them in the dishwasher along with all the rest of her baking dishes. The kitchen was clean so she went up the stairs and worked on his bedroom, pulling the sheets off the bed and tossing them into the washing machine. She vacuumed his whole house, dusted the furniture, although the house was immaculate anyway, which told her that he probably had a maid who came in to clean up his mostly empty house. When there wasn't anything else to clean or bake, she rushed out to the store and bought up all the decorating magazines she could find. With large poster board, she went from room to room, considering the various ideas from the magazines and cutting out suggestions.

It was midnight by the time she curled up on his massive bed, now made up once again with freshly cleaned sheets. She didn't get under the covers though, not wanting to have to wash them again tomorrow. Instead, she pulled the chenille blanket from the bottom and fell asleep cuddling Mitch's pillow.

Chapter 11

The sun was bright and cheerful the following morning when she woke up. She knew it was going to be a cold day though so she showered and pulled on leggings and a bulky sweater. When she went in to check on Mitch, he was no longer in bed. She heard the shower running and, on the pretense of making sure he was okay, walked softly to the bathroom doorway, peeking into the lovely bathroom. Sure enough, he was doing okay, showering and standing perfectly on his own.

Taking the sheets off his bed, she tossed them into the laundry quickly, wanting to help, but also wanting to be out of his way before he came down the stairs.

She was pressing the power button on the coffee machine when he came down the stairs, looking fresh and amazingly alive, if moving a bit slower than his normal walk.

"Good morning," she said with as much enthusiasm as she could muster while he was wearing only a pair of well worn jeans. Her eyes kept moving towards that magnificent chest of his, her hands itching to touch and feel and explore, but she knew she didn't have that right anymore. Nor was she going to put herself through another weekend of casual sex.

"What day is it?" he asked, his voice still hoarse as he walked across the kitchen to pour himself a cup of coffee.

"It's Saturday," she said and walked out of the kitchen, away from his bare chest and the almost irresistible temptation he presented. Damn that man could make a fortune as a male model, she thought as she packed away her computer and gathered up her things, stuffing them frantically into her bag.

The horn at the front door sounded and she breathed a sigh of relief. "That's my ride," she called out from the great room and started moving towards the front door. "Duke's outside chasing rabbits. I hope you feel better!" she called out.

"Claire? Where the hell are you going?" he asked, standing in the hallway.

She had one hand on the front door and she told herself not to look back, but she did. Just one more time, she thought. Just one more look before she promised never to see him again. "I've got to go," she called out with artificial cheerfulness. "I'm glad you're feeling better."

"Stop Claire. We obviously have to talk."

"There's nothing to talk about. I know how these things go. Good luck!" she said and opened the door. She slammed it and raced down the front steps to the sound of his hoarse call for her to stop and explain herself but she kept on skipping down the steps, trying very hard not to appear as if she were running away from him but that's exactly what she was doing.

The taxi was waiting at the end of the drive behind the closed gate and she slipped through the sidewalk entrance just as Mitch pulled open the front door. "Claire, stop!" he called out but she didn't. Ducking into the cab, she slammed the door, telling the cab driver to "Go, please, as fast as you can, just go."

The driver understood those words and pulled away with tires squealing. He spun around, driving quickly down the road and Claire refused to look out the rear view window. She'd had her last look, she wasn't permitting herself anything more.

Back at her apartment, she dumped her bag on her bed and, ignoring the tears that were still streaming down her face, grabbed her keys and walked right back out the door. She couldn't stay here, needing to just get out of the oppressive quiet of her apartment.

In her own car, she drove west out of the city, just needing to find open space and no one to worry her. She thought of stopping by Darcy's place and playing with the animals, but she knew Darcy would ask questions, and the answers would be too painful to discuss right about now. She needed time before she broke the news of what she'd done. She was still too ashamed of trusting a man she never should have trusted.

Mitch was danger and sex appeal and all those absolutely yummy things that women wanted, until they got the bill and realized that he would never be with just one woman, needing the excitement of the chase. And she didn't even really give him much of a chase! A week! She held out for one week!

She drove blindly at first, then realized she was heading back out the road she and Mitch had traveled when they were trying to find Gary that last weekend. What a huge mistake, she thought as she drove back across the bridge into the small town they'd stayed in. To the left was the restaurant with the bed and breakfast and to the right was uncharted street. Not wanting anymore heartache, she turned to the right, eventually finding herself in the middle of a small town with lots of quaint little eateries and restaurants. There were several antique shops and Claire found a parking space on the street and wandered through the shops, picking up interesting items, then putting them right back down because she realized they would look perfect in Mitch's house and not in her apartment.

She had to get that man out of her head, she told herself as she bought several loaves of bread from a bakery, a cute hat from a consignment shop and wandered through the rest of the stores. When she reached the end of the street where the small homes started, she turned back around and decided to grab something to eat, not wanting to get sick again.

She was starving so she chose the first one that she came to, placing her treasures on the chair opposite her own, lonely chair and sighed as she picked up the menu.

"Claire?" an astonished voice interrupted her perusal of the restaurant options and she looked up, not really interested in meeting anyone she knew.

But there he stood, looking just as sweet and nice as she remembered him being. "Gary?" she demanded, anger rising as the man simply stood there, apron covering his jeans, with a notepad in one hand, a pen in the other, obviously a waiter here at the shop. "Gary? Is that really you?" she asked and stood up, not sure if she was angry or relieved.

"Claire? What are you doing all the way out here?" he asked, moving closer and looking around as if he didn't want anyone to see him talking to her.

"I'm shopping. What are you doing?" she asked, her anger gaining traction now that he wasn't as excited to see her as she was to see him.

"I'm here, just be quiet," he said and moved closer, pressing her so she was once again sitting on the small chair by the window. "What brings you out here?" he asked, his nervousness increasing as he glanced to the right and left, then back to what was obviously the kitchen.

She crossed her arms over her chest and glared at him. "Well, a while ago, I was out here looking for you!"

That shocked him and his whole attention was now on her angry features. "Why would you be out here looking for me?" he asked.

"Because you told me you were a private detective, and you simply disappeared. I was worried about you. I was trying to find you and get you some help!"

Gary obviously knew that things were getting out of hand and his hands went up to try and calm her temper. "Well, thank you very much for your concern, but as you can see, I'm perfectly fine."

She looked around. "Are you going to tell me you're on some undercover job right now?" she asked sarcastically.

Gary watched her for a telling moment and she knew exactly when his eyes shifted, that he was going to lie to her. "Yes. I'm out here on a job. So if you'll just cooperate and help me out of this, I'll meet you later and explain."

"For dinner?" she asked, wondering if he had to work the evening shift as well.

Gary hesitated, then nodded. "Yeah, sure. We can grab a quick bite to eat but it has to be somewhere out of the way."

She looked over at the kitchen and saw another man, a guy just as clean cut as Gary was and suddenly she knew what was going on. "Won't your boss over there object to you going out with a woman?" her tone told him she knew exactly what was going on and he blushed as the realization hit him that he'd been found out.

The man from the kitchen, with an identical apron covering his jeans, walked out from the doorway and strolled casually over to her table. "Are you going to introduce us?" he asked, putting his arm around Gary's shoulders.

Claire noticed the gesture and looked sadly at Gary. "If you'd only told me, we could have been friends. I don't object," she said softly.

Gary looked at her with troubled eyes. "I'm sorry, Claire. I wasn't fair to you," he explained.

She bent down and gathered up her purchases. "No. You weren't. And what's more, I was a fool to believe what you told me when everything you've said was a lie."

The other man looked suspiciously between Gary and Claire, trying to figure out what was going on. "Gary? Can you tell me what she's talking about?" he asked.

Gary turned to the man and shook his head. "Kevin, can you give me a moment?" he asked.

Kevin hesitated, then nodded his head and walked back to the kitchen. Claire continued to gather up her loaves of bread and other treasures, ignoring Gary as he turned back to her. "Claire, you've got to understand what our relationship meant to me."

She shook her head. "No Gary. I don't. What I need to do is stop trusting men and realize that I'm a horrible judge of the trustworthiness of your gender. You have no idea what I did to try and find you. And when I met a man who was going to help..." she started to tell him about Mitch but the subject was too painful, "Well, suffice it to say, that I sincerely hate you for your dishonesty. I was worried about you, I committed crimes to try and find you. And you've been out here all this time. I don't care that you're gay. I care that you lied to me about it and got me to trust you. That's the real issue. So go ahead and hide behind your closet issues all you want. Just leave me out of it!"

She marched out of the diner, hurt and angry and aching all over. The tears were flowing once again, not because she'd found Gary and he was a liar. But because she knew she really couldn't trust her instincts when it came to men. She'd fallen for two guys, both of whom she should have avoided like the plague and she had no one to blame but herself because she was simply too trusting, too naive, too pathetic.

Shoving her purchases into her Mini, she slammed the car door shut and drove off, still not sure where she was going, but anywhere that took her away from yet another man she trusted when she shouldn't have.

"Dammit!" she cried out with fury.

When it got dark, she pulled into the first decent hotel she could find and got herself a room. She had no change of clothes, but didn't care. Tired of caring, tired of trying to do the right thing, she ordered a pizza to be delivered to her room, one with extra cheese, extra pepperoni and absolutely no olives, she sat in front of the television eating pizza, drinking diet cokes and watching one movie after another.

She fell asleep curled up in a ball watching Mel Gibson shoot someone for some reason, then push a house off a cliff.

Sunday morning was dreary and sad looking outside. And after eating almost the entire pizza the previous night, Claire didn't feel very cheerful herself.

She drove home feeling painfully sad but knowing she had to cheer up and get over Mitch. He was done with her and he'd moved on, so she should do so as well. She pulled into her parking lot and could have sworn she saw a grey Jaguar pulling out from the opposite side of the parking lot but thought her eyes were simply pulling tricks on her since she wanted to see Mitch so badly.

She spent the day in her apartment cleaning, organizing her makeup, going to the gym for another aerobics class and trying to get some nutrition by eating lots of healthy fruits and vegetables. It didn't make her feel better, but it probably couldn't hurt her complexion, she thought.

Monday was almost a painful drive into the office. She'd have to quit, she knew. There was no way she could feel this way about Mitch and see him in the hallways, in the parking lot and not cry out her heart over how much she loved him. And even worse, if he ever brought someone to a company function, another woman or even a wife, she'd probably rip out the other woman's eyes. Not a good career move, she told herself as she dumped her purse into her office desk.

She hadn't been here for over a week, she realized. Quitting might be a moot point since she hadn't called in until she'd felt better last week. She knew that Mitch had taken her out of here earlier in the week so maybe the CEO was a valid enough excuse for not showing up for work.

She was there early enough that not so many people were in the office, and those who were, hung out in the kitchen catching up with each other and getting coffee.

Claire turned on her computer and considered how best to word her resignation letter. How did one resign from a job she'd had only a little over one month?

She was typing up the header of her resignation letter when she jumped about two feet out of her chair when Mitch stormed into her office. "In my office! Now!" he demanded, then left, leaving her staring open mouthed at the gaping doorway. Two of her co-workers were standing in the hallway, both of whom had seen Mitch order her upstairs, and both of them had the same expression on their faces that she did.

With a sigh, she pushed back her chair and smiled weakly. "I guess I'm about to be fired, huh?" she suggested to the gathering crowd.

The pity on their faces was almost too much to bear. After the weekend she'd endured, and having taken care of the man while he was sick, she was loathe to take anything else from him now.

She slowly pushed back from her desk and sauntered into the kitchen. Pouring herself a cup of coffee, she considered what she was going to say that vile man when she actually arrived in his office.

"Aren't you going to get up there?" Thomas asked, even his voice sounding jittery after the big boss man's command.

"I'll get there. Just in my own time," she said and smiled as if she had all the time in the world and no worries.

She stopped by the bathroom and made sure her lipstick was on correctly, fluffed her hair a bit, then picked up her cup of coffee and strolled casually to the elevators, stopping by some offices and saying a cheerful good morning. Some of the people she didn't even know, but they helped slow her progress, which was the whole point.

On the top floor, she stopped to admire the artwork hanging along the executive suite, amazed that she could appear so calm when she was actually about to burst out with the fury inside of her.

"Claire!" Mitch's voice boomed down the hallway.

She jumped, almost spilling the hot coffee on her hands. "What?" she snapped back at him, although not nearly as loud. "I'm coming but in my own time."

She was in his doorway now and could feel his hot breath as it cascaded down her neck. She shivered despite her rising anger, which was only fueled by being this close to him.

"I swear Claire, you're going to drive me to an early grave!"

"Promise?" she quipped and took a seat in one of the leather chairs in front of his desk, crossing her legs and looking up at him quizzically.

"Where the hell were you this weekend?" he demanded, his hands on his hips and eyes blazing fury in her direction. She knew that if he could, there would be fire coming from those nostrils of his.

"I wasn't home."

"Obviously! I called your house after you ran out on me, went to your apartment several times and even broke in just to make sure you weren't sick and dying in the middle of your place. So since we both know you weren't at your place, please tell me where the hell you were." He started off growling but ended in a roar as his frustration got the better of him.

"None of your business!" she shouted right back at him.

"None...? Are you kidding me?" he ran his fingers through his hair. "After the weekend we shared together, I damn well have a right to know your business."

That drove her out of her seat and confronting him. She almost slammed the cup of coffee down on his gorgeously polished desk, uncaring if the cup left a mark. "Oh, so it's okay for you to go off and leave me without any word at all for days but when I leave for a weekend, you're all up and angry about it? Oh, no, mister! This is NOT the way I play the game. And since I don't like your rules, we'll just have to forfeit the game altogether."

"What are you talking about? I never left you without telling you where I was."

She couldn't believe it. "Don't you dare tell me something like that! We had a great weekend, lots of good sex..."

"Great sex!" he interrupted, leaning over to emphasize his point and also to try and intimidate her. But she was having none of it. "Whatever!" she countered, waving that aside and not admitting anything of the sort right at the moment.

"You left, you didn't tell me where you were going. I trusted you! And you stomped all over that trust!"

"I did not! I left word with Allyson when I couldn't reach you on your cell phone. She was supposed to tell you where I was and let you know when I would be back. If she didn't do that, then she's fired, but don't tell me I'm a liar!"

"Don't! Gary told me he was a private detective and all sorts of fantastic stories about where he had to go and the dangers he faced all the time in his line of work. And guess what? You were right! He's a waiter at a ratty old restaurant out in the middle of Virginia."

"And?"

"And he's gay. You wanted me to say it? Okay, you were right. He's gay! No man really wants me," she said, and was furious when her humiliation at Gary's betrayal let through a small hiccup of pain. "All they really want is a good lay, another notch on their headboard before they move off and find some other naive, stupid woman to have sex with. Well guess what? I'm not going to be the next woman! I'm finished width all of you!" With that, she stormed to the door, intending to get out of his office and out of his life permanently.

But he had other ideas. "Is that what this is all about?" he asked, his voice soft but his hand holding her arm, swinging her about wasn't soft. It was steel and she couldn't break his grip no matter how hard she struggled against him. "Baby, I promise you that you've got this all wrong." His voice was soft and melting, soothing her pride but she wouldn't let him close.

"Let go of me!" she snapped and shook hard enough that he finally let her go. "I don't believe you! I hate all men and you especially because you..." she started to say something but stopped, realizing how much she was about to reveal. "Oh, just forget it!" she said and raced out of his office, slamming the door behind her.

"Claire, wait!" he called out but she didn't stop. Once again, she was running away from him and trying desperately to find some place to just be alone so she could pull herself together.

When the elevator didn't come fast enough, she jumped into the stairway, slamming the metal door and racing down the steps. She didn't stop until she was outside, her breath coming rapidly now and the tears streaming down her face. She found a bench hidden from the rest of the building and sat down, her head falling forward as the weight of all that she'd lost came crashing down on her.

Why had she fallen in love with him? Why him of all people? Why couldn't she have fallen for some nice guy who wanted all the things she wanted in life. It wasn't much. She just wanted a family, kids, a husband to love. And if he looked like Mitch, so much the better, she sniffed but she definitely didn't want him!

She walked up the stairs, careful to avoid as many people as she could. When she reached her office, she sat down and quickly typed up a resignation letter. She didn't care at this point what it said so she simply wrote, "Please accept this as my formal resignation. Under the circumstances, this must be an immediate separation. Thank you." With a sinking heart, she e-mailed it to both her direct supervisor as well as Mitch, then turned off her computer, picked her purse up out of her desk and walked out of her office. She saw her boss stick his head out of his own office, so he'd obviously received the e-mail but she didn't have the heart to stop and thank him for his help over the past month. It wasn't very good manners, but she just couldn't do it right now. She'd send him a bottle of wine or something once she'd gotten back on her feet.

At her car, her fingers shook as she unlocked her car door. She had just pulled it open when Mitch stormed up to her. Grabbing her purse, he pulled her cell phone out of the pocket. "Just as I thought," he said and turned it so the screen was facing her. "You're battery is run down and you haven't recharged." He tossed it right back into her purse and took one of the pieces of paper he was holding. It was a printout of the resignation she'd just sent off. He tore it up and tossed it into the street. "I'm not accepting this resignation, Claire. You owe me and you're damn well going to work by my side until you're too old to walk into the building. And even then, I might just carry you in and plunk you in front of your desk so just get used to it." He then pulled the other paper up and lifted it in front of her face. "And this..." he said with emphasis, "is the e-mail I sent to Allyson asking her to try and reach you. She didn't, because her daughter went into labor the day before and she'd already arranged with me to be out for a month after delivery. Since I was out of town, then both of us were sick and the temp who took her place while Allyson was out didn't know what to do with this, it wasn't ever sent." He shoved the paper into her purse as well.

Without another word, he walked right back into the building, his shoulders stiff with his anger and frustration. Claire stood there watching him, her mind racing through everything he'd told her but she couldn't figure anything out.

She got into her car and drove away, back to her apartment. She let herself in and then just sat, her purse still on her arm, her coat on and went through all of what he'd just said. Over and over again, his words rushed through her mind.

She finally stood up and went to her cell phone recharger and plugged it in. Sure enough, the battery had been so low, it had simply shut down completely. She couldn't listen to the messages until it had gained a bit more power, so she pulled the paper out of her purse and read it. Over and over again, the words swam before her but she still couldn't decide if she believed them or not.

It was a printout of an e-mail to Allyson from Mitch dated the Monday after their weekend together.

She knew how easy it was to manipulate e-mail but for some reason, her heart was telling her that she should believe this one. She should trust Mitch once again. Why, she had no idea.

Could she put herself out there one more time?

No. It's better to just let things go their natural course.

Claire paced back and forth across her apartment, her mind sifting through all the details. When her cell phone rang, she stared at it, wondering if it was Mitch.

But when she saw the name on the screen, she was actually disappointed that it was Emma calling. "Emma?" she answered.

"Hey girl, how have you been?"

Claire sank onto her couch and toed off her three inch heels. "Oh, Em, I've made a horrible mess of things," she cried out.

"What's wrong?" Emma asked, instantly alert and comforting. "Did you and Gary break up? Was it the same general reason? I thought he was your gentleman. Or is it the new guy you were telling us about last week? Come on, fill me in."

Claire explained all about the search for Gary, meeting Mitch, the hacking she'd done, the new job, all of it. Emma muttered comforting words throughout the telling, minus the gasp when Claire told her about the hacking and the break in. When she was finished, Claire simply waited in silence for Emma's reaction.

"Well, you've certainly been getting around," Emma laughed. "So when are you going to go back to this guy and apologize to him?"

"To Gary? Never!" Claire burst out.

"Not Gary. Mitch. You owe him a big apology and you know it."

Claire sighed. "I know. I don't know what to do."

"You drive up to his house, knock on his door and say 'I'm really sorry'. If he's anything like Dharran, and he sounds like he's exactly like him," she chuckled, "then he'll take it from there."

Claire was silent, considering her options. "I'll go over there," she finally said.

"Good for you," Emma cheered. "You won't regret it. But be sure and call me as soon as you can to tell me where and when," she said.

"Where and when what?" Claire asked, completely confused.

"Just call me and tell me. I gotta go," she said and rung off, leaving Claire to stare at the phone, trying to make sense of Emma's words.

Claire looked around and considered her options. Emma was right. She needed to go over to Mitch's house. But she'd do it her own way, she thought.

An hour later, she was ready. Her backpack loaded, her gear on and her bag packed. She revved her car, feeling more alive than she had in several weeks.

Driving to her spot, she waited patiently until it was full on dark, which wasn't long since the winter nights descended early now.

When it was finally dark enough, Claire grabbed her bags and hefted them through the night. When she reached the fence, she attached the hooks, shot through the same program and waited the few seconds it took to nullify the electricity.

She was over the fence in moments and hurrying along the grass and through the bushes. When she reached the house, she chose a different door this time, now that she knew the house a bit better, she would work this more intelligently.

With her heart beating rapidly and her hands shaking, she had difficulty getting the door open. Several times she thought she'd done it, only to lose the tension in the picking mechanism at the last moment.

Patience, she told herself. She had to have patience!

Taking a deep breath, she tried one more time, working carefully, slowly, patiently. This time, her perseverance paid off when the lock quietly clicked open. She opened the door silently, bringing her bags in right behind her but leaving them on the floor. She didn't want to be hindered by them as she moved through the house.

She made her way through the mud room, listening. It was all quiet so she opened the door a crack. Then froze. Something was wrong. She could feel it. She could sense it in every cell of her body.

A moment later, a steel band wrapped around her arms and she was swung around, pinned against the wall with both arms trapped up above her head. In the darkness, she knew it was Mitch just by his spicy scent.

"I told you the consequences you'd have to face if you ever tried to break into my house, Claire," he whispered, his hot mouth breathing on her neck, sending tingles all over her body.

"Yes," she whispered back, her body aching to move against him, to feel him more thoroughly but his entire body was pinning her against the wall and she couldn't move an inch.

"Good," he replied. "Then now you face the consequences.

Claire had no idea how he did it, but with a twist and a flick, she was flying through the air, only to land in his arms. With a whoosh of her breath, she wrapped her arms around his neck as he carried her quickly through the house. No lights were on but he knew exactly where he was going.

He wasn't even out of breath as he carried her up the stairs, then shouldered his way into his bedroom, tossing her onto the middle of his huge bed.

He turned on the light beside the bed, then slowly peeled his shirt off his body.

Claire could only lay there watching, fascinated as his tanned skin was slowly revealed to her yearning eyes. When his hands reached his belt, he shook his head. "Take them off Claire," he commanded.

She knew exactly what he was ordering her to do. Her hands moved to her coat and pulled at the belt, pushing it off to the side. They did the same thing with the tie of her black, wraparound knit shirt, which was already clinging to her curves, the deep V showing a great deal of cleavage. Just as she'd hoped, Mitch watched her, his hands frozen as she pulled the tie loose, separating the sides, slowing, inch by inch.

She heard Mitch's breath hitch as he saw the lace bra she was wearing and her eyes looked up to his. "I can see that I need to teach you better attire to wear when you're breaking and entering," he growled as he whipped the belt off and tossed his slacks to an unknown corner.

Claire laughed softly as he came down beside her. "I think my clothes are having the exact effect I intended."

A long time later, Mitch pulled her over and looked down at her. "You came back to me, right?" he asked.

She touched the side of his cheek and smiled gently. "Yes. I'm sorry I didn't believe you."

He closed his eyes and breathed in her scent, burying his face in her neck. "You're going to have to marry me, Claire. I can't go through that again. I need to know where you are all the time, and that should preferably be right here by my side."

"Okay," she laughed.

He froze and lifted his head. "I mean it Claire. You're going to marry me."

"Okay."

He still watched her hesitantly, not fully accepting that she was agreeing with him. "And you'll make more of those chocolate chip cookies?" he added hopefully.

She couldn't help herself when he looked so sweet. Her tough, strong and shockingly sexy man liked her chocolate chip cookies and wanted to marry her. What more could a woman want in life? "It's a deal."

"Tomorrow," he commanded and proceeded to nuzzle her neck once again.

"What tomorrow?" she asked, wiggling away to get a better look at his face. "You want more chocolate chip cookies tomorrow or you want to get married?"

"Yes and yes." He watched her horrified expression and sighed. "I guess I'm going to have to wait for the wedding, huh?"

"You're going to have to tell me you love me before anything, even the chocolate chip cookies!" she commanded, rolling onto her side away from him.

Mitch laughed at her belligerence. "I'm going to have to teach you some more tricks because turning this adorable backside towards me is not going to help you get your way," he said as his hand moved to cup her derriere. "But in response to your command, I love you and I never want you very far from my side. I've already decided on our sons' names and I want six of them."

Claire rolled back to face him, laughing at his outrageous proposal. "We are definitely not having six boys, but I'll go for the wedding."

"Okay, seven boys," he replied. "And the wedding is next week."

"Two girls, two boys and the wedding is in six months so that Emma can be here for the wedding."

"No girls," he countered, "And no way are we waiting six months for anything. Tell me who Emma is and I'll have her here next weekend for the wedding."

"Why don't you want girls?" she asked.

He looked down at her and shook his head. "Are you kidding me? I know what I want to do to you all the time. There's no way I would survive the teenage years with daughters that look like you," he said and bit her lower lip to emphasize her point.

She smiled and hugged him. "We'll discuss it later," she promised. "I'll work on the chocolate chip cookies first."

