Prologue

The storm raged outside, rain pelting the long windows of the large family room making the usually cozy atmosphere cold and ominous. Occasionally, the wind whipped around the corner of the house and the eerie howl could be heard inside.

The crackling fire, bright lights and most of her family working at various tasks around the room didn't seem to diminish the feeling of doom Antonia was experiencing. Glancing around the large room, she tried to pinpoint the problem. But nothing seemed unusual. Everyone was in his or her customary place. Her mother was sitting at the end of the sofa cross-stitching; her four older brothers were either at the dining room table doing their own homework or were lounging in a chair reading. Antonia's father saw her taking in the scene and winked at her from behind his newspaper, his cigar smoke curling around the room, adding a slight cinnamon smell to the surroundings. The only two missing siblings were the oldest children of the Attracelli family. Salvatore, the oldest of the six children was in his second year at Harvard and Sophia, the next oldest, was in her first year at MIT.

Refocusing on her homework, Antonia bit her lower lip in concentration as she tried to figure out the algebra problem for her assignment. It was her first week of fifth grade and Antonia was trying to make a good impression with her new teachers. She was the only student in her grade that was allowed to take algebra and she was determined to prove she could excel at the task. She dismissed her uneasiness, attributing it to her imagination.

The shrill ring of the telephone seemed to make everyone jump.

She heard her mother's cheerful greeting as she spoke to the person at the other end of the line. Antonia sensed her mother's change in mood before she noticed the tensing of her shoulders. Her brothers were still doing their own homework, oblivious to the changed atmosphere. Antonia instinctively knew that her mother was in pain but she didn't understand why. She kept searching the faces of the rest of the family, trying to decide if her instincts about her mother were silly.

Antonia stood as the phone fell out of her mother's hand, landing with a foreboding thud onto the floor. She watched as her mother's shoulders began shaking. Her hands went to cover her ears as if she could stop the agonizing information from coming. As Antonia watched, her mother bent over the table and an anguished wail tore out of her soul. It was as if her life were being pulled from her body.

The sound was the most horrific in Antonia's young life.

Instantly, Antonia's father threw down his paper and came over to his wife, holding her up as she melted into the security of his arms, sobbing out her pain and anguish but unable to tell him what was wrong. Carlos came over and picked up the phone, attempting to ascertain the situation while their father tried to comfort their mother.

"Hello?" Carlos said, his voice just recently changing to the deeper tones of adulthood.

Apparently the person assumed it was the father and repeated the information. Antonia's fear intensified as she watched Carlos' face turn white. But he nodded his head, then calmly put the phone back on its receiver.

When he turned around again, the tears were already rolling down his cheeks. He cleared his throat and put one hand on the back of his still sobbing mother, communicating his understanding of her pain. "Sophia..." he started, only to stop and push back the emotion, "Sophia died," he explained. "She and a friend walked by as a burglar was trying to get away. It was late last night. Sophia died on the way to the hospital."

Chapter 1

Fifteen Years Later

Out in the street, traffic was heavy with afternoon lunchers moving either to their meal spot or from it. Either way, Brett Hancock was impatient with the lunch hour traffic. Being only a few minutes late for his lunch appointment meant that he'd missed the window of lighter traffic. Punctuality was an asset, he thought to himself as he negotiated his BMW into traffic.

He was about to turn off the main street and head down a side one in order to cut a few minutes off his time when a motorcycle zoomed by him, nearly hitting his black BMW in the process.

"What the...?" Brett slammed on his brakes and cursed under his breath.

All he saw was a stream of black curly hair flying out behind a woman on a red motorcycle. It wasn't following the traffic patterns but was driving beside all the cars waiting for the light to turn so they could move forward. It was illegal to drive beside cars like that, outside of a lane and practically on the sidewalk. But someone hadn't mentioned that fact to the driver, Brett thought irritably. All he caught was the hair that escaped from the helmet as it lifted in the breeze. The rest of her was a blur and she turned the corner at the next intersection so he couldn't get a license plate number.

Brett made it to the restaurant with a few minutes to spare. He handed his keys to the valet and walked inside, nodding slightly to the doorman.

Inside, he was led directly to his table. He didn't even glance around the elegant room decorated in white linen tablecloths or the crystal chandeliers which reflected the sunlight streaming into the room from the palladian windows. The starkness of the room was offset only by thick, subtle floral carpeting and the large centerpiece of flowers on each table that matched the pattern in the carpeting.

Salvatore Attracelli and the vice president Brett had met the night before were already seated discussing some papers when Brett sat down.

Sal immediately stood up when he saw Brett. "How are you today?" Brett said, shaking both men's hands. "Recovered from Cesar's?" he inquired, cursing himself as soon as the words were out of his mouth. Their waitress from the exclusive bar where they'd initially discussed a business deal the night before was on his mind almost constantly. It occurred to him that the waitress from the previous evening and the woman on the motorcycle both had similar hair. Perhaps that was why he thought of her now.

Sal and Scott laughed. "Not really. I think I had too much to drink, but I guess that's the whole point of the place, isn't it?" Scott said.

Sal looked at his watch when they were all seated again. "I'm sorry, but I invited my sister to join us. I haven't seen her in a while and was hoping she and I could spend some time together after lunch. But she's late, as usual," he said, trying to hide his annoyance.

Scott immediately perked up. "Antonia's joining us?" he asked.

Sal noticed Scott's eagerness and frowned slightly. He didn't know what happened on their date years ago, but Antonia had refused to meet three other men Sal had tried to introduce her to afterwards. That couldn't be a good sign. No matter how Antonia felt about a person, she always gave them a chance. But after one dinner with Scott, all of Sal's subsequent matchmaking attempts had been immediately shot down.

Brett looked at his watch. He had several meetings this afternoon that couldn't be rescheduled. He didn't know Sal's sister, but surely she'd arrive when she got here. Delaying their lunch meeting until she appeared was ridiculous.

"Well, until she gets here, why don't you tell me what you thought of the numbers floating around last night? Now that we've had some time to think about it, I'd like to get your ideas," he said, starting the meeting without Sal's sister.

Sal took the hint and they launched into a discussion about revising the numbers, tossed around the idea of different loan types as well as other financing options.

Chapter 2

Oblivious to the three men's dismissal of her, Antonia drove by the restaurant, not stopping to let the valet park her motorcycle. Instead, she turned the corner at the next block and parked it along the street. Glancing up and down the street, she checked to make sure no one would see her, then she unsnapped the helmet and pulled it off, shaking her hair loose as she went.

Hopping off the bike, she took off her backpack and exchanged some of its contents. She took out the pink wool skirt and matching jacket and replaced them with her leather jacket - rolled up so that it fit back inside her backpack. She pulled the skirt up over her jeans, pulled the jeans down, and smoothed her cream colored stockings, making sure she wasn't revealing anything in the process. That done, she rolled the jeans up and stuffed them into the backpack as well, taking out a slim black purse with a gold chain and pretty, pink pumps to replace her cowboy boots. The shoes were not her type. But then, neither was the whole outfit, so she endured the prissy suit and classic shoes, knowing her eldest brother would approve.

The transformation completed, she stood up and straightened, checking the street again. This was one of Sal's favorite restaurants in the city, so she'd been here several times, changing in the same manner each time. So far, luck had been on her side and she hadn't been caught by anyone, including her oldest, very conservative and straight-laced brother who would never approve of the way she lived her life.

But it was her life and she would not be dictated to by any of her five older brothers who would only be satisfied when she was safely married and giving birth to her third child. Coming from a traditional, Italian American family had some good and some bad. Her older brothers' protectiveness was part of the bad she'd learned to deal with over the years.

Taking a deep breath, Antonia walked gracefully to the front of the restaurant, winking at Jim, the doorman, and handing him a small box of white chocolates. Jim shook his head, smiling, but accepted the chocolates, his mouth watering as he anticipated sneaking one into his mouth at the first opportunity.

"You'd best hurry, Miss Attracelli. They're already in there."

"Uh, oh," she said, and grimaced, knowing how much Sal valued punctuality. Cringing, she glanced at her watch. She didn't mention that she was late because she'd stopped at the tiny confectionary that specialized in his favorite chocolates. "I guess I'm pretty late, aren't I?" she said. "Don't eat all those chocolates before I leave here, understand?" she said, knowing they'd be almost gone by the time she walked out.

"Don't worry," Jim said, grinning like a schoolboy. "I made the mistake of telling my wife about them last time and she just about knocked my head off because I hadn't saved her any. I learned my lesson. At least one is coming home with me tonight," he laughed.

Antonia laughed as well. His wife was a tiny woman that barely reached Jim's shoulder. But she had him right where she wanted him. where he wanted to be, so it wasn't a problem.

At the maitre d's table, Antonia smiled to Jeffrey. And Jim was exactly

"Is Sal here already Jeffrey?" she asked, hoping against hope that Jim might be wrong. Just once, she'd like to be the first to arrive so she wouldn't have to see her brother's look of disapproval when she walked up to the table. Sal was the only one who could make her feel self-conscious. Her other brothers were too fun loving to worry about little things like time and punctuality. Most of the time, anyway.

Jeffrey nodded his head. "Your brother's been here for twenty minutes although Mr. Hancock only arrived at one o'clock."

Antonia's face showed the shock and anger she felt at discovering that her brother had arranged a lunch meeting with her, but it was in the guise of a blind date. "He promised me just this morning that it wasn't a set-up. He lied to me," she said, furious.

Jeffrey sympathized with her. He'd seen her lunches with several men her brothers had arranged for her. He also knew that none had reached her in any way other than as nice companions for a meal occasionally.

Exasperated, she looked at her appearance in her small compact mirror. "Well, since I'm already late, I guess I should go tidy up a bit. You know how Sal is about appearances."

Jeffrey nodded his head and put the menu back in its holder. "I'll see you when you're finished."

Antonia smiled gratefully before turning and heading into the ladies room. She pulled a comb through her black, curly hair that refused to be tamed, then added more lipstick and a touch of powder to her nose. Satisfied that she'd done all she could, she marched out of the bathroom, then followed Jeffrey as he led her to the best table in the restaurant.

Sure enough, Sal's face was full of disapproval when she walked up to the table at ten minutes after one o'clock. Antonia accepted the menu from Jeffrey, winking at him when Sal looked away.

She knew her suit was perfect for Sal's taste. It was a pink Channel suit given to her by Carlo last year, her older brother by two years. The skirt was the right length, not too high above her knees, yet not snobbishly demure either. The triple strand of pearls at her neck was a nice accent, as were the small pearls at her ears.

Antonia could tell that from Sal's expression, although she was tardy, her appearance was acceptable.

She hated this outfit. It was the perfect dress, the perfect accessories, and the perfect shoes. It wasn't her at all. But since they were gifts from her brothers, and because they all thought she looked nice in them, she wore them whenever she was around them. Nice meant that she looked like a good, Italian girl was supposed to look. She wore the clothes they gave her in order to keep peace in the family and because she knew that her brothers cared for her. If making them happy meant showing up for a meal in clothes they approved of, she didn't have a problem with that.

"I'm sorry to interrupt all of you," she said to the three men taking their seats again. "Please continue," she said, picking up her menu as she looked at each of the three men.

Her eyes immediately snapped back to the man opposite her. He was absolutely gorgeous! An electric jolt shot through her system when she felt his eyes on her. She tried looking at the menu, out the window, or anywhere else as the men discussed some business deal they were currently working on. But each time she glanced across the table her eyes were captured by the darkest, most devilish brown eyes she'd ever seen in her life. And they were owned by a man with broad shoulders, dark blond hair, and a spectacular physique.

Well, what she could see of it anyway. She could tell that the suit he wore didn't have padding in the shoulders. And the white cotton shirt couldn't hide the muscles that rippled on his stomach as he resumed his seat.

It was a shock but this man more than rivaled Sal in looks! Normally, when Sal was in a room, women fought to get his attention, but not this time, Antonia thought distractedly. Whoever he was, he was currently staring at her as if she'd said or done something extremely funny.

Did she have something on her face? A smudge perhaps? No, Jeffrey would have said something to her before bringing her over. What then?

After a moment, she looked down at the menu and tried to concentrate. Who was this man sitting across from her? She tried to relax, but she knew he was still staring at her even though the rest of them were all deciding on what to have for lunch.

When the waiter arrived to take their order, she requested a chef's salad, despite the fact that she really craved a big, juicy burger.

The menus were taken away and Antonia was forced to sit through the lunch while the three men discussed business. Sitting quietly, she bit her tongue when Sal mentioned a financing option for a project in Florida. She'd just read in the paper this morning about proposed changes to Florida's finance laws that would add significant costs to their proposal and make it more expensive than other options, but she kept her mouth closed, knowing that any interference by a mere woman wouldn't be appreciated.

Antonia refused to look at the man sitting across from her. She knew every time his eyes settled on her because her body temperature rose several degrees. She couldn't meet his gaze though. She prayed that her face wasn't betraying her emotions. For some reason, this man scared her more than Sal ever had. It was as if he had some sort of control over her soul.

Antonia continued to keep her mouth shut during the interminably long lunch. It was almost three thirty when the man across from her, she forgot his name because she had been too busy looking at him during the introductions, and Scott stood up. Sal also stood, but explained that he was staying to talk with his sister for a while.

The stranger turned to Antonia and picked up her hand, taking it to his lips in an old-fashioned kiss. "I'm thrilled we were able to meet this afternoon. It was a pleasure," he said, his deep voice gliding along her skin, making her nerves tingle and her heartbeat accelerate.

Scott, much more awkward after the stranger's departure, cleared his throat and only shook Antonia's hand with a simple goodbye. As he left, the look on his face clearly showed his irritation at being completely outclassed by the taller man.

Antonia sat back down once they were alone again. her skin still burning from the man's touch. It was ridiculous, but she couldn't deny it. She avoided her brother's eyes when he resumed his seat, knowing he wasn't happy.

"You look beautiful, Antonia," Sal said to start the conversation.

"Thank you," she replied softly, smiling brightly. Perhaps it wouldn't be so bad after all. Maybe he just wanted to catch up. Although she was at his house each Sunday after church, there were so many people there, it was hard to sit down and talk with one person.

"How have you been lately? I haven't seen you in a while," he said, leaning forward on the white linen tablecloth, pyramiding his hands.

"I've been fine. How about you?" she asked, starting to relax slightly. Could she dare suspect that Sal might be treating her like an adult instead of a recalcitrant child? Might she even be so brave as to voice her opinion on some of the topics discussed over lunch?

"I've been worried about you. Are you eating well?"

Antonia's smile faltered slightly. So much for being treated as an adult. "No, I eat only candy. It sometimes sticks in my braces," she teased, "but that doesn't matter. With modern technology, they can pull it out when I go to the orthodontist," she began, then sensed Sal's frustration. Shaking her head, she said, "Yes, I've been eating well, I guess. I don't really know because I generally buy the same groceries each week.

his concern.

sometimes.

But they're mostly fruits and vegetables," she said, giving in and easing

He was only showing his love for her, even if it was overbearing She decided to have a heart to heart talk with her older brother. "Sal, will there ever be a time when you might treat me as a responsible adult? I can take care of myself. You don't need to worry about me," she explained, hoping he might listen this time.

"How is your apartment?" he asked, ignoring her comment about his treatment of her.

Antonia bit her lip. This was dangerous territory. She quickly glanced at his eyes, trying to gauge his question. Did he know something?

But his face was relaxed. Antonia suspected he was trapping her, but that could just be her paranoia. When one lived a lie, it seemed that even the most innocent questions were an interrogation.

"It's fine," she said. "No floods, no robberies," she joked.

"Why won't you invite anyone there?" he asked.

Antonia looked anywhere but at Sal, not sure she could hold her tongue with her frustration over his inability to treat her as anything other than his little sister.

"My apartment burned down so I'm living in a homeless shelter. This was the only outfit I was able to salvage. And you know why I don't invite anyone there."

"Tell me again," he said, clenching his jaw in reaction to her sarcasm.

Crossing her arms over her chest, she looked over at the window, not even noticing the beautiful sky and the fluffy clouds. "Because if I invite one, everyone will show up. And it isn't big enough. So why bother?" she said, resigning herself to the conversation.

She couldn't begrudge him his worries. He was head of the family now and he only had one role model to work off of. And her father had been much worse. Instead of inviting her to a nice restaurant, her father would order her to dinner in their house, then yell and scream until they were both furious with each other. Eventually, Antonia would give in, concerned about his health and loving him too much to cause him worry.

It was the same with Sal. He had so much responsibility. He didn't need an irritating little sister. So she relented.

Putting a hand on his arm, she said, "I'm eating well. Thank you for your concern. Thanks to grandmother and grandfather, I don't have to worry about anything like starving," she said. It wasn't completely inaccurate. She had an extremely large trust fund at her disposal from her grandparents. Antonia just preferred to live on her own income instead of her inheritance.

Sal sighed and shook his head. "I want you to move back into the house. Its only me now so you won't have mom and dad looking over your shoulder, which is what I suspect you didn't like, not all the reasons you gave us at the time."

Antonia panicked. "Why? I don't want to move back into the house. My reasons back then were relevant then as well as now." Trying to calm down because she knew she could argue more effectively when she wasn't emotional, she said, "I'm not moving back into the house with you, Sal," she said, taking a deep breath. Coming right to the real issue, she said, "I'm not Sophia. It won't happen to me."

A flash of pain streaked across his face, but he didn't respond to her reference to their sister. "I think you should consider it," he said softly, then pulled out a piece of paper from his inside, suit pocket. "You aren't using the money grandmother and grandfather left to you. So please explain how you are paying the rent and buying food. Where are you working?" he demanded, his anger and disappointment evident on his face.

Antonia took the piece of paper with shaking fingers, dreading what it might say. But she already knew what it would show.

Slowly unfolding it, she read the first line. Sure enough, it was a letter from the bank asking what Sal wanted them to do with all the interest the account was earning. The bank manager had tried to contact Antonia, but she hadn't responded. So, as the executor of their parents' will and their grandparents' trust, Sal was being asked to make a decision.

Antonia looked up at Sal, licking her suddenly dry lips. "I can explain," she said, hiding her shaking hands in her lap. But they wouldn't stay still.

"Please do," Sal replied, leaning back and crossing his arms over his chest.

But Antonia couldn't explain. Nervously, she fiddled with her pearls, trying to come up with some explanation that wouldn't be a complete lie. She hated lying to Sal. She hated lying to all her brothers but she would if push came to shove.

"Antonia?" he prompted.

Antonia pushed her hair back from her face, trying to come up with some explanation for the letter. "Sal..." she started, only to be interrupted by her brother. "How about the truth this time," he said quietly, and Antonia could tell that he was furious.

Breaking down, she told him a most of the truth. "I'm working as a waitress. I make enough money to pay my rent, put food in the refrigerator and do the things I want to do as well as put some money aside for the future," she said defensively, her chin going up a notch as she saw the look in Sal's eyes.

"You're working where?" he asked, livid. "As a what?" Sal never shouted, he never even raised his voice. But when he was angry, his fury was almost palpable.

Her chin went up another notch. "I didn't tell you where. I just said I was a waitress," she said.

Sighing, he pushed his hands through his hair, messing it slightly. Antonia knew how furious he was with her if he was messing up his hair. Placing his hands flat on the table as if he had to work to gain some patience, he turned to her and said, "Antonia, please tell me where you work. I just want to check it out so I can assure myself that you're going to be safe. I don't want you traveling home at night at who knows what time if the area isn't safe."

Antonia shook her head. "No. I've been working there for four years now. It isn't safe anywhere in the city, so why worry about it?" After a moment, she said, "Besides, if I tell you where I work, you'll arrange to have me fired. I'm not going to allow that. Dad did that to me as his way of protecting me. But I have my own life to live and I'm not going to let you interfere."

He stared at her defiant eyes, shaking his head at her challenge. Deciding to move on to another subject, he asked, "Where are you living?" he asked, changing the subject.

"You know my address," she said, looking away. him in the eye when she lied to him.

She wasn't able to look

"No, I don't. I went to the address you gave me. you. You don't live in the building you showed me." They've never heard of

He'd been a busy boy, she thought. Unfortunately, she was caught in another trap. She'd always knew he'd find out about her sooner or later. She just wished it had been later, once she was established with her own source of income.

"Well, then, I guess you have two mysteries on your hands. Have you seen the new exhibit at the National Gallery? It sounds wonderful," she said, trying to change the subject and fight back the tears that were brimming on her eyes.

"No, I haven't seen it. And don't change the subject," he demanded harshly.

Antonia had never seen him so angry. Actually, she'd never seen him show any emotion other than mild irritation. But she wasn't backing down. Putting her napkin on the table, she stood up. "Sal, I love you. You're a wonderful brother. But I have my own life now. I wish you could be a part of it, but you worry too much. So the less you know, the better."

She was turning around when Sal spoke softly. "You don't want to challenge me, Antonia. I'm responsible for your welfare. I will worry about you. We all do. I need you to move back into the house with me where I know you're safe."

Turning back, she smiled at him, refusing to let the tears fall. "No. That's not possible."

"Antonia!" he said as she started walking away.

Antonia's whole body jerked at the anger in his voice. She turned back to look at him. A move she shouldn't have done in retrospect.

"I'm asking you one more time, move back into the house," he said.

Trembling, she could only shake her head. Now she understood why his employees avoided incurring his wrath. It was formidable.

Antonia forced her feet to move. Slowly, with as much dignity as possible, she walked out of the elegant restaurant.

She made it all the way to the street before she caved in to the desire to cry. She'd just declared war with her oldest brother. And in doing so, all the others would follow. Especially once they found out she had been lying to them all along.

She walked around the corner with her head held high. But as soon as the building hid her from view, she leaned against the concrete wall and bowed her head.

None of her brothers would allow her to keep her job. Even if it had been a regular waitressing job, they wouldn't have been pleased. But when they found out where she worked, they would be livid. Somehow, some way, Sal would force her to be fired. She didn't know how, but he had powerful friends everywhere.

She had made it down the street and was leaning against her motorcycle when a strong, gentle arm came by and pulled her close. She couldn't see through the tears but she assumed it was Sal. She let him put her into a car, then closed the door for her.

She heard the driver's side door close, then took the proffered handkerchief. "Thank you," she said. She wiped her eyes and tried to pull herself together.

She turned to face Sal, hoping she could make him see her side.

"You!" she said, seeing for the first time that it was the gorgeous stranger who sat across from her during lunch and not her brother. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Taking you to a bar," Brett said. "You look like you need a drink." He deftly turned the corner then stopped the car.

He immediately got out of the car, handing his keys to the valet, then came around to the other side to open her door.

"Thank you," she said, taking his hand as he helped her out of the car. She wished he was someone else - anyone but him. For some reason, she didn't want him to see her crying.

"Look," she started, "this is kind of you, but it really isn't necessary," she said, stopping in front of the dark wood and brass doors of an elegant bar.

Brett ignored her and put a hand in the small of her back to guide her inside. "The least you can do is have a drink with me since I had to cancel my three thirty meeting because of you."

"Because of me?" she sputtered. "What did I do?"

"You were late for lunch," he explained and held out two fingers to the hostess.

"And that made you cancel your afternoon meetings?" she said, following him despite her desire to walk out on him.

They were immediately led to a table near the front window. "Yes," he said and pulled out the chair for her, looking her straight in the eye, daring her on her next move.

Antonia looked around. The bar was almost empty except for them. She wanted to walk out, but the years of good manners beaten into her by her mother and nanny wouldn't let her. She carefully sat down in the chair he was still patiently holding.

"Thank you," she said.

"You're welcome," he answered, smiling as he came around to the other side of the table and seated himself.

The waiter appeared to take their order and Brett answered, "A glass of white wine for the lady and a martini straight up for me," he said.

Antonia gritted her teeth. Turning to the waiter, she smiled and said, "I'll have a Corona. Thanks," she said, asking for an imported Mexican beer instead of the lady-like white wine.

Brett didn't say anything, just nodded to the waiter as he left. "What's wrong?" he asked as soon as the waiter walked away.

"Nothing," she said, handing him back the handkerchief. She wished her eyes didn't stare but she was transfixed by his broad, muscular shoulders as he pulled at his tie, loosening the knot slightly.

Brett leaned back against the dark wood of the wall. "Ok, so you always lean against someone's motorcycle and cry. That's reasonable. I guess a lot of other people do that," he said, his sensuous mouth curling in a slight smile. "What did you and your brother talk about after we left?"

"That's personal," she said, leaning back and crossing her legs. For some reason, she didn't like him. What's more, she hated the fact that she couldn't remember his name.

"Fair enough," he laughed. "How about the Redskins? Think they'll make it to the playoffs this year?"

Her heartbeat accelerated when he laughed. He even had a gorgeous smile, dammit! "No," she said, accepting the change of subject. "They don't have a good enough defensive line this year, and their quarterback struggle still isn't over," she said and raised her eyebrows, waiting for his next volley.

Brett tried to hide his shock at her answer. This tiny woman with the sexiest legs he'd seen ever seen didn't appear to be the type that even knew what sport the Redskins played, much less their chances for a winning season.

"The Mystics will have a better chance next year, if they can get the first round draft pick," Antonia continued. "But other than that, sports in Washington is at a standstill until the Caps start up again."

With that statement, Brett's shock couldn't be hidden. Most people in the area didn't even know that there was a professional women's basketball team in the Washington, D.C. area. But this gorgeous, classy lady even knew that they'd lost so many games during the last season, the team was up for a first round, overall draft pick. Very impressive, he thought.

"Do you think it will do any good?" he asked wondering if she'd just heard someone else say that, perhaps one of her brothers.

"No. I think New York will cheat them out of the draft pick somehow. We'll have to see. Only a few more weeks until the suspense is over," she said, smiling cheekily.

Completely blown away because she even knew that the WNBA started draft picks at the end of the month, Brett leaned forward. "Who are you?" he asked.

The waiter arrived with their drinks and Antonia took her beer and took a long swallow, ignoring the frosted glass sitting next to the bottle with a lime stuck in it. "No one important," she replied.

"I doubt that," he laughed. They talked about sports for the next half hour and Antonia leaned forward, intent on her argument when he challenged her opinion about the Washington Capitals, the regional ice hockey team. They sparred back and forth, pulling out statistics on each of the players to defend their positions but neither gave in.

Antonia suddenly realized that she was smiling and laughing too much. He was a friend of Sal's and that meant danger. She had to get out of there quickly. "Thanks for the beer. I have to go now," she said and stood up.

"Wait, are you going to be okay?" he asked, grabbing her arm as she tried to turn and leave.

All of Antonia's bravado deserted her when he touched her arm with gentle pressure. He was too handsome, too tall, and definitely too sexy. His dark eyes looking down at her with concern completely threw her off balance.

"Yes," she whispered, looking up at him through her dark lashes.

"You don't seem okay," he said, his voice turning husky. Antonia licked her lips and stared at his mouth. She wondered how he kissed -- if it was soft and gentle or firm and aggressive.

"I'll be fine," she choked out.

"Antonia..." he said softly, as if her name were a caress.

Antonia groaned. She had to get out of here or she'd lose herself in his gaze. She forced her eyes to look away from his. But her eyes were caught on his broad shoulders. Her mind still would not behave. She wondered what his chest was like, if it was as muscular as it seemed underneath the starched cotton shirt and conservative, silk tie.

"I...I have to go," she said and tried to take a step away. But her feet wouldn't move. Looking up at him one more time was a mistake.

Slowly, he leaned down and his mouth gently touched her lips. All her thoughts completely deserted her. It was tentative at first. But when she didn't pull away, he took her other arm and pulled her forward, deepening the kiss.

Antonia had never experienced the feelings rushing through her system at the first touch of his mouth. Her legs wouldn't hold her anymore, so she leaned against him. A soft moan escaped her throat, but she ignored it, wanting more, but not sure what more was.

Her hands touched the front of his chest and she could feel the muscles tense underneath. She wanted to feel more, but didn't have the courage.

Slowly, the kiss ended. Brett pulled back and looked into her eyes. Her first thought was to reach up and pull his head back down.

Then reality hit her. Antonia was shocked that she'd just kissed a man and didn't even know his name. Instinctively, her hand reached up and swung. But before her hand made contact, his shot out and caught her wrist in a vise like grip. Instead of being angry that she'd tried to hit him, the man leaned down and kissed her again. More passionately this time, pulling her close so she could feel him along her whole length. And Antonia's body responded.

Her free hand crept up his arms and curled around his neck and her body shivered, then moved to fit more closely to his. Deepening the kiss, his tongue swooped into her mouth to mate with her own.

Antonia no longer knew where she was or what was happening around her. All her senses were curling around this man. Her fingers tentatively touched his hair and she felt his body react swiftly.

Long minutes later, Antonia's body was shaking against his. Her mind had ceased to function and all she wanted to do was to continue kissing him. But she couldn't move because her hand was still caught in his.

"Have dinner with me tonight," he said softly, searching her features.

Antonia shook her head and stepped back, pulling her hand free. "No," she managed to say.

"Why not?" he asked, seemingly not surprised by her answer.

"I can't," she said. She cleared her throat. "Thank you for the beer. I need to go now," she said.

On shaky legs, Antonia made it out of the bar. Standing in the cold, March air, she tried to get her bearings. She didn't know where she was, so she wasn't sure where her motorcycle was parked.

Too afraid to stand in the doorway for fear that the stranger would follow her, she started walking towards the nearest street with traffic. The beauty of D.C. is that all the streets ran parallel or perpendicular to each other. Well, except for the traffic circles, which confused everyone, including the residents.

Sure enough, as soon as she reached a main street, she knew where she was. Unfortunately, the only way back to her motorcycle was by bus and it wouldn't arrive for another half hour because of the time of day. She'd have to hike it. There was no way she was going back into the bar to ask that stranger to drive her to the restaurant.

Forty-five minutes later, she finally arrived at her bike. It was a long walk, and she was wearing heels. But instead of the carpeting of Cesar's, she'd walked along concrete streets. Her feet hurt just as badly as they did after a whole night at the club.

Looking at her watch, she gasped at the time. She was going to have to hurry if she wanted to make it to the club in time for her shift tonight. Pulling her jeans out of her backpack, she slid them under her skirt, then slipped the skirt off. She rolled both the skirt and the jacket up and put them into her pack.

Hopping on the bike, she sped away. She didn't want to think about this day and specifically, her afternoon right now. All she wanted was to forget about the fight with her brother and the intensity of the kiss by that man.

As she drove her motorcycle through the streets, she was able to get herself back onto a somewhat normal keel. It was time to focus. She knew her brother, and he never made idle threats. She'd have to be careful. She wouldn't put it past him to hire a private investigator to find out the information she wouldn't give him.

Slipping through the heavy, rush-hour traffic, she formed a plan. It would require all her attention and she couldn't slip once. She could beat Sal and her other brothers, but she'd have to be smarter than they were.

When she walked into the locker room at Cesar's that evening, everyone was there and getting ready. When they saw her, they called out a communal "Hi!"

For the first time that day, Antonia laughed. "Hi," she repeated to everyone. "I guess its Friday," she said, knowing that Friday and Saturday nights were the hardest, but also the most profitable.

"You got it!" Monica called out cheerily in response.

Antonia chuckled as she made her way to her locker. She quickly donned her costume, gritting her teeth as she slipped her feet into the high-heeled black satin pumps. After her walk this afternoon, she would need to soak her feet for at least an hour tonight. The sexy cat costume she was required to wear as a waitress was almost as uncomfortable as her shoes, but she pulled it on, ignoring her image in the mirror. Her image was the part her ultra conservative brothers would object to. The costume showed more than she was generally comfortable with, but the tips were great and business was booming. Thankfully, the men who frequented the club were all upper class and would never stoop to mauling.

The evening was as hard as anticipated, but the tips were good. Antonia slipped her feet into the foot massager, not bothering to put in some scented oils. Tonight, she just needed the comfort.

Leaning her head back against the sofa, she let the tears flow down her cheeks as the memories of the afternoon flooded her mind.

Pushing the gorgeous man out of her consciousness for fear that he was beyond dangerous, she focused instead on Sal. What was she going to do about her brother? She hated hurting him. And the others would be just as upset when they found out. But they probably already knew. There were five messages on her answering machine. She couldn't listen to any of them. She didn't have the strength. She knew what they were. They were all messages from each of her brothers trying to find out what she was up to.

Maybe she should just give it up and use the money from her grandparents, she thought. She could avoid all the foot pain, all the irritation from her manager having a temper tantrum and she'd never have to put on that irritating costume again.

But she'd never see the numbers in her portfolio rise. She'd never experience that feeling of accomplishment, knowing she'd done something on her own, without her brothers' help. She loved that feeling. And until a few years ago, she'd never felt it.

Why couldn't they understand that she had a different path to follow? She didn't want to get married and have children. She loved living on her own, waking up when she wanted, eating when she wanted, wearing what she wanted. Good grief, living with Sal, she'd never be able to wear jeans again! And her cowboy boots would most likely be burned.

Instead of her motorcycle, she'd be given an appropriate car to drive, probably a Mercedes or a BMW. As nice as those vehicles are, they couldn't compare to the feeling of the wind in her face, the smells of the city hitting her head on. And the feeling of exhilaration when she set out down a street, not knowing what might happen.

"No," she said to her empty apartment. "I'm not giving up. He'll have to catch me before I'll give up. That time will come soon enough."

With that, she stood up and walked into her bedroom, wet feet and all.

She fell asleep that night, dreaming about a man who towered over her, with dark eyes and dark, blond hair. And a smile that turned her insides to jelly.

Chapter 3

Sunday morning dawned bright and sunny. Antonia, having slept only four hours last night, glared at the bright blue sky. She didn't feel up to a family gathering today. But it was Sunday. And every Sunday, the whole family gathers at the main house, now Sal's, and drives to church together. Since no one knew that Antonia had a motorcycle, each Sunday, her brothers took turns picking her up and driving her to the house. Today it was Michael's turn.

Looking at the clock as she peered out from the covers, she shook her head in frustration. "Why am I always rushing to family gatherings?" she asked herself and threw the covers back, running to the bathroom to shower and change.

Fifteen minutes later, she was dressed in a sunny yellow dress with a soft, buttercup-yellow cardigan. She pulled her black, curly hair into a tight chignon, forcing the stray curls to calm down, then pinned it with a matching yellow clip. Antonia quickly put on some mascara and a dab of lipstick. Then she hurried down the street to the bus stop that would take her to the apartment building where all her brothers believed she lived.

She stepped off the bus and had only a moment before Michael's car pulled up along the curb next to her.

"Antonia, you don't have to wait out here. I can pick you up at your building if you'd just tell me where it is," Michael called out the open window.

Michael was the daredevil of the family. He liked mountain climbing, sky diving, hang gliding - anything that would give him a thrill. So it was odd that he had chosen to go into computers, a very non-dangerous profession. But he was a genius when it came to programming. Sal had made him head of IT, computer technology, the section of ATI that developed software programs for various clients, commercial and government. Since taking over, Michael had grown the business to twice its original size. His love of taking risks had followed him and he'd combined his incredible programming prowess with his risk taking nature and it had paid off enormously.

Antonia smiled at her brother, wondering how much he knew about Sal's recent discoveries. Probably everything, she guessed. "I don't mind. It gets my blood going," she joked, ignoring his reference to her mystery apartment. "You know how hard mornings are for me," she said. Antonia got into the passenger seat of his blue Mercedes, smiling as cheerfully as possible to her brother. But her usual spark wasn't there, and Michael noticed immediately.

"What's wrong?" Michael asked as soon as she closed the door.

"Nothing. Why do you ask?" she said, pulling the yellow sweater over her arms.

"You look tired. Did you sleep well last night?"

Not wanting to reveal that anything was amiss between her and Sal unless he'd already told them, Antonia simply nodded her head in the affirmative. "Why?"

Michael wasn't the most diplomatic man on earth. "Because you look awful. You have dark circles under your eyes and you're wearing that dress." He said, then concentrated on merging into the traffic that would take them to Sal's house.

"What's wrong with this dress?" Antonia asked, looking down at it. It wasn't her style exactly, but none of the clothes she wore around her brothers were. "It makes you look like you're about to throw up," he said, none too gently.

Antonia couldn't help it. She burst out laughing. Only a brother would be that honest, she told herself. Goodness, she loved them all. Why did they have to be so smothering? "But you gave me this dress for my birthday last year," she said.

Michael nodded. "Yeah, I know. The salesperson warned me that not many women could wear that shade of yellow. But I ignored her because I liked it and thought you would look nice in it. You probably would if you didn't' have those circles under your eyes."

Looking out the window, she smiled. "I think it's a nice color."

Michael didn't say anything else. They drove in silence the rest of the way.

The Attracelli home wasn't just a house. It was a mansion. A huge, gothic mansion with seventeen bedrooms, a kitchen that a catering company would envy, an Olympic-sized swimming pool and a maze of hedges among acres of gardens maintained in memory of Antonia's father who loved a lush variety of flowers.

Inside, there was a ballroom, mostly used to chase siblings, and now cousins, a library stacked floor to ceiling with books, a sauna, gym, solarium and hot tub. Growing up in this house, Antonia knew what privilege was like.

The family finally drove off to church, then filed in, one at a time, taking a seat in the chosen pew. No matter how much teasing went on during the ride to church, they all knew that church was a quiet time. Everyone sat down, taking up a whole pew. Antonia made sure she sat between two of her aunts so she could avoid the inquiring glances from her brothers during the sermon. She wasn't prepared to deal with them right now.

Antonia didn't hear anything during the service. She barely remembered singing hymns. But as they filed out, she greeted the priest with Sal right behind her, telling him that it had been a wonderful sermon.

After church, the whole family gathered for lunch. The women, all except for Antonia, made lunch. Sometimes it was simple food, like sandwiches. But today, since the temperature was almost seventy degrees, everyone agreed to have a barbecue outside on the flagstone patio. Antonia was in the kitchen with the rest of the women instead of on the lawn or patio playing with her aunts' kids or talking with her brothers.

She didn't want to admit it, but she was hiding from her brothers. All of them. She knew Sal had told them the whole situation. She'd received too many looks from each of them for her to delude herself into believing they didn't know. So while Sal was in his study with a guest, she hid in the kitchen, hoping against hope that she'd be able to avoid a confrontation today.

That was as far as her plan went until Sal came out of his study, accompanied by the man who'd occupied her dreams and driven her crazy with thoughts of his kiss for the past two nights.

"Ladies," Sal announced, stepping into the kitchen, "I'd like to introduce you to Brett Hancock. He stopped by to get some papers signed. I was hoping there might be enough food so I could invite him to stay for lunch."

Antonia had turned around with a smile on her face, ready to greet the person he was introducing. But when she caught sight of the tall, broad shouldered man standing next to her brother, she immediately turned back to her onion and chopped harder, hoping he wouldn't see her amid the chaos of the food preparations.

Antonia gritted her teeth as all her aunts and cousins laughed at Sal's joke. There was always enough food to feed an army at any Sunday afternoon lunch in the Attracelli household. One more wouldn't make a dent.

Antonia's Aunt Marsha was the one who spoke up. "Brett, you're more than welcome as long as you can get the knife out of Antonia's hand so she will stop mutilating that onion. It's already been punished enough for its sins, whatever they were. It doesn't need to be turned into pulp."

Antonia turned beet red as four women laughed at Antonia's attempt at chopping an onion.

"Why don't you do us a favor," Jennifer, a cousin of Antonia said to Brett. "Have Antonia show you around the house and gardens. It's nothing compared to what it will be like in a month or so when the weather becomes warmer, but the solarium might be nice right about now. I think Sal's been working on it," she said, noticing Antonia's shocked expression but not understanding its meaning.

"Ladies, I accept your challenge," Brett said. He walked over to Antonia, towering over her as he laid a hand on her forearm that instantly stopped all movement, including Antonia's heart beat. But as he slid his hand sensuously down her forearm, cradling her hand as he took the knife and set it on the counter next to the once proud onion, Antonia's heart started back up. Triple time.

Putting a hand in the small of her back, Brett guided her out of the kitchen.

"Good luck," Marsha said, amid five stunned stares. As soon as they were out of the house, Antonia turned to him. "How could you do that to me?"

Brett chuckled. "What did I do to you?" he asked. "Reveal to you how much you wanted me to touch you? Just like I wanted to touch you?"

Antonia's mouth dropped open. Turning away from his smiling face, she snapped, "Boy, you have a high opinion of yourself."

Brett just threw back his head and laughed, drawing the attention of Carlos, Michael and Giuseppe who were standing on the patio, examining the grill's flames, each with a beer in his hand. "Would you like me to demonstrate just how much I know you'd like me to touch you?" he said once his laughter had died down. They were moving down the steps from the patio to the lawn, thankfully out of hearing from her brothers.

Antonia couldn't believe her ears and stopped walking so she could face him. "What?" she whispered, staring up at his handsome face.

"Shall I kiss you again?" he asked again, looking down at her, as he watched her lick her lower lip. "I don't mind demonstrating, as long as I'm making a point," Brett said, moving forward as if he were going to do just that.

"Don't you dare!" she gasped. She turned then and headed for the pool hoping to put a little distance between the two of them. He was too powerfully attractive for her peace of mind.

Concentrating, she refused to look at him as she said, "I'm supposed to show you the grounds. Here's the pool," she waved a hand in the direction of the covered pool then headed for the garden beyond. As soon as she reached it, she waved a hand towards the still sleeping plants. "This is the garden," she said without any enthusiasm and kept walking.

It wasn't until they came to the hedge maze that Antonia realized how far away from the house they'd gotten. She immediately turned back, but Brett realized the same thing at the same time. Instead of moving back towards the house, he put an arm out and grabbed her by the waist, then almost lifted her back into the relative isolation of the hedge. Antonia couldn't do anything but gasp as his muscular forearm wrapped around her waist, setting her down a foot away from his massive chest.

"Why are you afraid of me?" he asked, bending down so he could smell her hair and the soft scent of her perfume.

Antonia tried to think of some witty remark to put him in his place, but her mind was blank. He was so close, she could feel the heat of him through the thin layers of her dress and sweater. "I'm not," she finally said although the words were strangled.

Brett shook his head, falling under the spell of her soft, brown eyes, which were wide with the fear that he might kiss her. "Yes, you are. Why?"

Antonia couldn't take this today. She tried to turn away, but he was still there. And she could feel her body leaning towards him but she couldn't stop herself. "I don't know," she finally said, closing her eyes and shaking her head slightly.

Brett nodded his head. "I don't understand it either," he said, moments before his mouth crushed hers in a passionate kiss that stole her breath away.

Antonia didn't know why, but her arms reached up to encircle his neck, her hands delving into his thick, blond hair. She knew that her body was aching for his touch, that it arched closer, desperate to feel him along the length of her.

It was several minutes before Antonia realized that the bell had rung, indicating that lunch was ready. But she jumped away from Brett when she heard small voices giggling off to her left.

"Aunt Tony?" Daniel, her cousin's son whispered, a huge grin on his face as he peered around the soft green leaves of the hedge.

Antonia didn't trust her voice yet. So she turned to him with raised eyebrows, asking him without words what his question was.

"Uncle Sal told us to find you and Mr. Hancock. Lunch is ready," he said, still whispering.

Antonia nodded with as much dignity as possible and watched in despair as three children ran away, giggling louder as they reached their parents. "She's kissing him," she heard one little voice yell, but couldn't identify who the tiny traitor was.

Brett's deep chuckle brought her out of her reverie. "Not very good about keeping a secret, are they," he said.

Antonia couldn't help but laugh as well. "Not really," she replied. "I guess we should get out of here before they believe them."

Brett didn't reply, but he took in the rosy color in her cheeks, her swollen lips, and the comb that had fallen out of her hair when his hands dislodged it. He knew that with one look at Antonia, everyone on the patio would believe the boy. Instead, he picked the comb up off the ground and handed it to her.

Antonia took it with shaking hands and tried as hard as possible to replace her style. "Is it straight?" she asked, turning back to Brett.

He was silent for a moment. Then he replied, "You're beautiful."

Antonia smiled weakly, more flattered than she wanted to be. What was she doing? Kissing out here in the middle of a maze of hedges wouldn't help her case with her brothers much. And she knew the "talk" was coming.

Brett and Antonia walked silently back to the patio where tables had been set up with linen and flowers. Antonia never understood how her aunts and cousins could make even a barbecue look elegant. Wasn't mustard supposed to be falling down everyone's hands, beer being consumed, children running around everywhere?

Not here. All the kids were sitting down at a table together; a plate with either a hamburger or hotdog on it was placed in front of each one. There was a huge bowl of chips placed in the center, and each child dug into the bowl to grab his or her own chips.

Somehow, it just wasn't natural, the way this family worked, Antonia thought to herself as she accepted a glass of white wine from Marsha.

Picking up a plate, she got a hamburger and a bun then sat down at one of the tables. She knew she should be a good hostess to Brett, but now that everyone knew they'd been kissing in the maze, she couldn't look him in the eye. She was grateful to Jennifer and Belinda, her cousins who sat down across and beside her.

She was just about to take a sip of her wine when a strong, dark hand took it away from her. A beer, opened already, was placed in front of her instead. Antonia turned around and watched Brett put the glass of white wine back on the table that held the other drinks. He then headed over to the grill and accepted a huge hamburger from Michael.

When Antonia turned back to her food, she noticed three stunned faces. Jennifer, Marsha and Belinda were staring at her, their mouths literally hanging open in confusion.

"We had a drink Friday afternoon," Antonia explained how Brett knew she liked beer instead of wine.

One by one, their mouths closed. And without a word, each of them took a bite of their hamburger. Antonia picked up her beer and took a long, grateful swallow.

Antonia ate her hamburger and drank her beer, almost completely relaxed. It was a beautiful afternoon, and for the first time since she was able to drink alcohol around her family, she was drinking her preferred beverage. And no one said anything about it. It felt wonderful.

Around three o'clock, Brett left. Antonia, who was playing with the children in the solarium in order to avoid him, didn't know that Brett had offered to drive her home. But Sal turned down his offer, explaining that they needed to have a sister to brothers chat.

And so the day was soon to be ruined. Between Brett's kiss and the enjoyment of her meal, Antonia had forgotten about the fight she'd had with Sal and the possible repercussions. But her brothers hadn't. And as the late afternoon approached, her brothers all assembled in the library, asking Antonia to join them.

Antonia had been playing in the flowers with the children and was lost in the enjoyment of the afternoon. She hadn't even seen Brett leave, but she turned around when Michael called and he was nowhere to be found. All she saw was a line of tall, broad shoulders moving towards her, and an occasional concerned look if they glanced back at her.

Antonia, resigned to the upcoming argument, followed behind them after Sal waved her towards the library. She refused to look at any of her aunts, uncles or cousins. She couldn't handle the looks of pity she was sure to see on each of their faces. Not a single one of them would ever argue with their husbands, much less the entire line-up of Attracelli men.

Standing in the doorway to the library, she realized that all the comfortable seats had been taken. Sal was the only one standing; he had his arms crossed over his chest and his eyebrows low over his eyes as he leaned against a bookcase.

Instead of taking the one wooden chair in the corner, as if she were a child sitting in front of the principal's desk, she chose to stand. And she chose the same pose as Sal, exactly opposite him. The stance didn't go unnoticed.

"Antonia, please don't make this difficult. You know we're only looking out for your welfare," Carlos said. "Please take a seat."

"Thanks, but I prefer to stand," Antonia smiled towards Carlos, then looked at Sal to start the conversation.

"Please have a seat," Sal repeated more firmly.

"No thank you," Antonia returned, her chin going up a notch at the intimidating look he was giving her.

Shaking his head almost imperceptibly, Sal pushed away from the bookfilled shelf behind him. "Antonia, I've told everyone about your job. Well, as much of it as I know. We're all in agreement. Waitressing is no place for you. If you're determined to work, we'll find something in one of the companies that will be more appropriate," Sal said, attempting to be conciliatory, but failing miserably because of his patronizing tone.

Antonia bristled. "Thank you, but I prefer the job I have already. Besides, if you thought I was capable of working in any of your companies, isn't it a little late to offer me that option?" she challenged, looking each of them in the eye. "Shouldn't I have been given the opportunity just as each of you were given?"

Michael, sensing that the tempers were increasing, stepped in trying to calm everyone down. "Antonia, you're not like all of us. You're a girl," he said, his arms open, palms held upward, trying to make her understand.

She shook her head, astounded that they would think that was an adequate argument. "No, I'm a woman. I'm no longer a girl," Antonia clarified. Being called a girl got her dander up. "And how does that exclude me from the work environment?" she demanded.

"You don't need to work. Why would you want to?" Carlos asked as if it were the most obvious answer. "The women employed in my company would give their left arm to be in your position."

Antonia refused to shed the tears of frustration pushing at the backs of her eyes. "And I'd give my left arm to be in theirs," she said, almost in a whisper.

Giuseppe stepped in. "Just tell us where you're working so we can all go check it out. That way, we'll be able to see what this place is like, how you're treated, all the things we worry about."

Antonia shook her head. "No. This is my private life. I refuse to let you guys control it, approve of it, or offer any other type of judgment. You each have your own lives that are private and I never step in or judge anything you do, even when I privately disagree. All I'm asking for, demanding, is the same consideration."

"And look what happens when we aren't careful?" Carlo said, angry now but slightly embarrassed because of the subject. "Just this afternoon, Daniel saw you kissing Brett Hancock in the shrubs. You've only just met him."

Antonia was instantly offended. "Are any of you going to tell me that you have never been kissed before? None of you are married either!" she asked, the outrage seeping into her voice. She was pleased to see all five men blush in varying degrees. "Good," she said with a nod. "That will be the end of that conversation. I don't ever want that brought up again."

"Well, don't worry, you won't ever see him again," Sal interjected. "I'll make sure to do my business at the office from now on."

Antonia whirled on him. "If I want to see him, that's my own business. If I want to sleep with him, you'll not have any say in that." She didn't say another word, shocked herself at what she'd just said.

Antonia knew she'd gone too far at that point. All five brothers, Sal in the lead, moved towards her. "What are you telling me?" Sal said, the vein in his cheek throbbing just as it had on Friday. "Have you slept with him?" he asked, the fury evident in his face.

Antonia stopped leaning against the bookcase. She'd never seen all her brothers this angry before.

starting to tower over her.

But she refused to back down despite the way they were "No. I haven't. To be completely honest, I don't want to have anything to do with the man. He's not my type. But that's my option. If I want to sleep with him, or any other man, at any time, I'm going to do it," she said, taking a cautious step towards the doorway.

Sal shook his head, throwing his arms up in exasperation. "Ok, that's it. I'm driving you to your apartment and you're going to pack up your things and move back in here."

"No," Antonia said, refusing to take another step back.

Sal had started to turn away, but at her defiance, he stopped and turned towards her. "What did you say?" he demanded quietly, his eyebrows raised.

Her chin went up another notch. "I said no," Antonia repeated, desperately hanging on to her shredded confidence. "Thank you for a lovely afternoon. I'm leaving now," she said and moved to the closed, double doors of the library.

"How are you getting home?" Carlos asked to her back. "Wait a few minutes and I'll drive you," he said and turned to Sal to say something to him that Antonia couldn't hear.

Looking back at the five men standing almost in a circle, she knew she'd angered and hurt all of them. "No thanks," she said, trying not to let them know how close to tears she was. "I'll manage on my own. Just as I always have." Not wanting to stay in the room any longer, she turned the knob on the door to the library.

"Antonia, think clearly," Thomas said, quickly stepping out of the circle to stop her from leaving and attempting to reason with her. He'd been silent throughout the confrontation, but he moved towards her now. "How can you say you've made it on your own? You never wear anything we haven't given you? How can you afford to dress? What do you do for money? I know you work as a waitress, Sal told us that. But wouldn't you like to make some real money? Something that you can tell us about and be proud of?" Thomas said.

Antonia shook her head, leaning it against the door. Slowly, she turned back, the tears glittering in her eyes. She couldn't tell them about her own wardrobe. It was just another lie on top of all the others. She couldn't take any more disappointment from the men in this room. Despite their autocratic natures, they loved her and she loved them back. They were a fiercely loyal family. She was just stepping out of the ranks in this case.

With her head held high, she quietly walked out and returned to the kitchen. There she picked up the phone and called a cab to pick her up. She had fifteen minutes until it arrived. She called to the guard at the end of the street to inform him that the cab would be arriving and should be allowed down the street.

Then she went upstairs to her old room. Opening the door, she looked around at the pink and white room. The lace canopy was exactly as it had been while she was growing up. All the furniture was white, with porcelain knobs hand painted with delicate pink and yellow flowers. The walls and carpet were a soft pink as were the satin bows that held the white, lace curtains in place.

Leaning against the bed, she wished she could convince her brothers that she wasn't like this anymore. She had a stock portfolio that would rival many brokers twice her age, she had a savings account that would pay her rent and monthly expenses for the next six months, and she had a job where she'd made good friends. The job wasn't the best, but it provided her with an income that was better than some professionals.

Why couldn't they trust her?

Looking at her watch, she realized that the cab would arrive any moment. She pulled a tissue out of the box on her old desk and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.

Being as quiet as possible, she made her way to the front door. She suspected that her brothers still thought one of them was going to drive her home, but she wouldn't allow them to do that. She cringed as the massive oak and stained glass front door squeaked slightly when she opened it, but she was able to slip outside without anyone catching her.

Antonia walked down the long, tree-lined drive, convincing herself that she was doing the right thing. When the cab pulled up beside her, she jumped inside. She glanced back at the house to make sure she was getting away clean.

But of course, she wasn't. As the cab turned around, Sal came out the front door with Thomas and Carlos behind him. They watched her drive away, all with furious expressions on their faces.

Monday morning wasn't as pretty as Sunday, but it was nice enough to go for a walk. And since today was her day off, Antonia intended to take advantage of it. She stepped out of her building, looking up at the sky. It was going to be a great day. She'd make sure of it, she told herself.

"Hi Mrs. Penrose," Antonia said to the elderly lady walking down the street with her walker. "How are you?"

Mrs. Penrose was at least one hundred years old, Antonia joked to herself. But she was always outside, moving around, getting groceries, and chatting with anyone who would talk.

"I'm fine, and you?" Mrs. Penrose said, stopping as she leaned against her walker and smiled up at Antonia.

"I'm well, thank you. You be careful!" Mrs. Penrose called as Antonia jumped onto her motorcycle, revving the engine as she propelled it into traffic.

Antonia meandered through the streets of D.C., finally coming to the long grassy strip connecting the Capital building to the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial that was commonly called "The Mall". Sitting on a wooden bench, she munched on the popcorn she'd bought from a street vendor, content to just watch the people rush back and forth during the lunch hour.

Brett drove out of the parking garage and headed north towards the Capital. He was leaving a meeting with some lobbyists who were recommended by a friend of his. There was legislation coming up in Congress that could cause several of his companies major headaches.

After a three-hour meeting with ten other representatives from his industry in which he mostly listened to the lobbyists' proposal to fight the legislation, he was late for his next appointment. He drove his BMW down Constitution Avenue, but turned off when he saw a traffic jam ahead. Taking side streets, he was just about to turn left onto Independence Avenue when he spotted a woman walking along the street. She had dark black hair tied loosely at her neck, but wispy curls escaped and flew about her face. The jeans she wore should be illegal. They weren't tight, but showed off her figure to its best advantage. And from what he'd seen of Antonia Attracelli, there wasn't a bad side to her figure. A simple, white cotton shirt tucked into the jeans completed her outfit. He didn't know what it was about this woman, but the simple, unrevealing outfit reminded him of a kitten. Albeit an incredibly sexy kitten.

His car seemed to turn into a parking space of its own accord and Brett found himself walking over towards her bench determinedly.

"Since you've made me late for another meeting, why don't you just come with me for lunch," he said from behind. Brett enjoyed the view as much as her gorgeous face.

Antonia turned at the sound of the deep voice behind her. It couldn't be the man she'd been daydreaming about for the last hour. Life just wasn't that coincidental.

Sure enough, there he stood. Tall and gorgeous and looking like he owned the grassy area. "How did I make you late for another appointment?" she asked, her voice breathy as she tried to keep the blush from forming on her face. If he knew what she'd been thinking, with him as the star player, she wasn't sure if he'd want to speak to her again.

Brett shrugged his shoulders in answer. "Does it matter? Are you that interested in popcorn that you'd turn down a free meal?" he asked, laughing at himself because he couldn't come up with an answer to her question that would make sense.

He didn't understand it himself. He was rigid in his schedule usually. And now he'd changed it three times because of this woman. He shook his head at his actions of late. He'd never allowed a female to interrupt his schedule before he met her.

"I guess not," she said. Antonia knew that she shouldn't go with him. He was dangerous to her peace of mind. And somehow, they always ended up kissing. That can't be allowed to happen. She couldn't allow this man to get too close to her. If he found out what she did for a living, she suspected that he'd go right to Sal to disclose her actions.

But for some reason, she was drawn to him. So she tossed her bag of popcorn into the trash next to the bench and smiled up to him. "Where are you taking me?" she asked.

"How about La Choza around the corner?" He suggested the only restaurant in the immediate area that didn't cater to tourists and might have an available table at this time of the day.

"Sounds good," she said.

Antonia followed him to his car, all the while telling herself that this was a bad thing. But he sped off in the direction of the Capitol building, pulling up a few minutes later to a small restaurant with a blue portico.

Antonia shook her head when he found a parking space immediately. No one in Washington drove a car because it was too difficult to find a space to park. But he drives up, and voila, there was a space almost directly in front of the restaurant.

Sitting at the table, Antonia struggled to find something to talk about. She realized that she'd kissed this man twice, but she didn't know anything about him.

"So, what do you do for a living?" she asked, starting at the most basic question.

"You don't know?" he asked, surprised.

Antonia shook her head. "Should I?" she asked.

Brett nodded. "I'm head of Hancock Enterprises."

stock during her first year of investing. generated large dividends.

"Wow," she said, very impressed. Antonia had bought Hancock Enterprise It had quadrupled in price and always

"I thought you knew," he said. "Didn't your brother tell you about our venture together?" he asked.

Antonia gritted her teeth. "Not really. I remember the discussion over lunch last week, but after you left, Sal changed the subject."

"What did he change it to?" Brett asked.

Antonia didn't answer him. Instead, she smiled at the waiter who brought their iced tea. "I'm starving. What are you going to have?" she asked, hiding behind the menu.

Brett wasn't fooled by her change in subject and he wouldn't let the subject pass. "A Cobb salad. So you didn't like what your brother had to say?"

Antonia didn't want to talk about her conversation of last Friday, which would inevitably bring up the topic in the library last night. Neither would help her have a good day. "That sounds good. I'll have the same," she said.

"So what could be so bad between you and your brother that you won't even discuss with a complete stranger?" he said almost to himself.

Antonia pushed aside her irritation when the waiter arrived. Brett told him their order and the waiter quickly walked away.

"It must have been pretty bad. What was it?" he asked.

She couldn't take it anymore. "Sal doesn't agree with the way I spend my money," she explained.

Brett nodded his head in understanding. "Overdrawn?"

"Not exactly," she said. "Look, I really don't want to talk about this. I only have two days off during the week and Sunday is taken up with family obligations. Today is all I really have. My brothers and I don't agree on many things. Let's leave it at that, ok?"

"What do you do?" he asked, accepting the change in subject.

Antonia looked at him. He was so handsome, even with his intelligent eyes staring at her as if they could see into her soul. Of all the men she could possibly be drawn to in this way, why did it have to be him?

"I make ends meet," she said.

"Another subject I'm not allowed to discuss?"

Antonia nodded.

"So your career choice probably had something to do with yesterday's family pow-wow?"

She ignored him. "What do you think of the education bill on the floor of the Senate this week?" she asked, trying to engage him in a conversation.

"It won't do any good," he said.

"Why do you say that?" she asked. Antonia thought the bill, which allowed schools more freedom to spend their money in the way they thought was more beneficial to their districts. It sounded good to her.

"Because they tried that in the 1970s. All that was accomplished was more spending on sports," he said, leaning back as the waiter placed their salads in front of them.

For the next hour, they argued back and forth on pending legislation on the Senate or House floors. Antonia realized that he had very conservative views whereas she was the complete opposite. There wasn't anything they agreed with except for the most basic values; less guns in the hands of criminals, more money for education, and less taxes. Beyond that, they each had their own ideas on what would accomplish each.

"What are you doing for the rest of the afternoon?" Brett asked as he threw bills down on the table to cover their meal.

"I'm going to see the new exhibit at the National Gallery. Want to come?" she asked. Although they seemed to disagree with everything, she felt exhilarated after their conversation. She'd never found anyone as informed about so many subjects except her brothers. And they didn't take any of her opinions seriously. Brett Hancock was refreshing.

He looked down at his watch and remembered several meetings he had to attend this afternoon. "I have to get back to work. Meet me for dinner tomorrow night," he said.

That reminded her that he was dangerous. Antonia was glad that she had to work tomorrow night. She couldn't see him again, no matter what. They were standing in front of his car, Antonia wanting to spend as much time as possible with him before saying good bye for good.

"I can't," she said, suddenly remembering that he was dangerous and taking a quick step back.

"Why not?" he asked, taking her hand and pulling her closer again.

"I just can't," she said, wishing her heart didn't race when he touched her or that her blood didn't sing in anticipation of his kiss.

Antonia knew they were on a public street, anyone could walk by. But she didn't care. This was the last time she'd see him. It was the last time she'd let herself enjoy his touch. He was too much like her brothers; wealthy, opinionated, used to getting his own way, and worst of all, a chauvinist. The most attractive chauvinist she'd ever seen in her life, she reminded herself, moving so she had an escape route.

But Brett was having none of that. He turned so that she was suddenly leaning against the side of his car, then he bent down and gently took her lips, his body pressing against hers. Antonia felt as if the world had just spun out of control. Her hands gripped his jacket, crinkling the fine fabric as her hands clenched out of fear from what he made her feel.

Antonia moaned as desire tore through her body. It was as if a knife were stabbing her in the belly, she wanted him so badly. She pulled him closer, so close, she could feel his desire for her, which only made her mind whirl faster.

She tipped her head back, wanting more, wanting all of him. His thumb came up and touched her chin, then squeezed slightly when she wouldn't allow his tongue entry. Antonia gave in simply because she wanted to know what he tasted like.

It was a car horn blaring that broke them apart. Antonia's face turned red with embarrassment. She'd never kissed a man like that, nor had she ever been kissed in that way. She'd definitely kissed other men, but none had affected her mind and soul the way the past few minutes had.

"I have to go," Antonia said, pushing against his chest. She was grateful that he let her, as she slipped away, down the street and turned the corner just as she heard him call her name. She started running, panicking that he'd come after her. She needed to get away. She didn't know how to deal with the feelings that were coursing through her body, but she needed time, lots of time, to figure things out.

Chapter 4

Brett was too dazed to do anything but let her push him away. But as soon as he realized that she wasn't just stepping away from him to go around his car and get in, that she was actually running down the street and turning a corner, he called out to her.

"What the hell is she doing?" he asked, going after her.

He ran over to the same street she'd turned down only moments before, but there was no sign of her. She'd already disappeared.

"Dammit!" he said and headed back to his car.

Why in the world would she have run away after a kiss like that? What sort of hang-up did she have that she needed to escape from the most intense moment of desire he'd ever experienced? And he knew she'd felt the same way. He'd seen it in her eyes when she'd pushed against his chest.

Pulling out of the parking space, Brett tried to control his temper. He sped through the streets of Washington back to his office, trying to figure her out. She wouldn't go out to dinner with him, she wouldn't discuss her family situation with him, and she ran away whenever he spurred the smallest amount of passion within her. What kind of woman was she? Certainly not like any of the women he'd been with before.

Brett resolved to get her out of his mind. She wasn't worth the trouble. He had a schedule to keep and she'd already interrupted it too many times. None of them were really her fault, but each time he saw her, he canceled meetings or appointments. He couldn't afford to do that for long. Sooner or later, things would catch up to him. He had a multi-national corporation to run. He didn't have time to chase after a silly woman who was too afraid of her own desires.

Storming into his office, he took the messages Beatrice handed to him and the files for his next meeting. He tried to concentrate on the pages in front of him, but they were all a blur. He was too furious to concentrate.

Taking a deep breath, he walked over to the bar in the corner of his office and poured a large measure of bourbon, tossing an ice cube into it as well. But the ice didn't have time to cool the liquor. He threw the glass back and swallowed the brown liquid, grateful for the burn it caused.

Grabbing the file folders again, he forced himself to head down the hallway to the conference room. He refused to let that woman disrupt the rest of his afternoon.

But as he walked by Beatrice's office, he stopped for a moment. He made a decision. "Get Jimmy on the phone. Set up a meeting for tomorrow if possible," he said. Jimmy was the head of a private detective agency his company had used in the past.

Feeling better, he walked down the hallway, some of his calm control coming back to him. By the time the other members of the meeting were seated, he was back in control again.

Antonia refused to think about him. She wouldn't let her mind wander long enough for Brett Hancock to enter her mind. She kept herself so busy over the next two weeks she didn't have time to daydream about him.

Unfortunately, she couldn't get him out of her mind completely. He came back to her, every night, no matter how exhausted she was. Each night, she relived that last kiss, as well as the following desire that had consumed her for hours. Each morning she woke up with the sheets wrapped around her as she tried to shake off the desire that overwhelmed her, hot all over from yet another dream where she made love with Brett.

Every night, she worked harder and harder in the hope of becoming too exhausted to dream. But each morning, she woke up before dawn, knowing that he'd been with her for the past few hours, if only in her mind.

She spent hours in the library researching companies, finding out about their debt ratio, capital expansion plans, locating their previous year's annual report. Anything she could to keep her mind busy and on her goal of independence.

She went to church the following Sunday with the family, but skipped the afternoon lunch, knowing that her brothers were looking for another chance to corner her and convince her that she should move back into the house with Sal.

And anywhere she went, she made sure that she wasn't followed. Whenever she left the house, she rode her motorcycle to the nearest mall, then got on a bus to meet one of her aunts or cousins, all of whom were worried about her and took her out to lunch as often as possible. They always had a present for her, and it was usually some form of clothing or jewelry, whatever her brothers thought would appease her and draw her back into the fold.

She never took the same route home, and was careful to check behind her to make sure she wasn't being followed. If she knew her brothers, and she did, they had probably hired a private detective to find out where she lived and worked.

There were a few occasions that she suspected someone was watching her, but the feeling only lasted for a moment. She was almost always with one of her aunts and it was difficult for her to believe that her brothers would spy on her when she was with a family member.

It was Monday night when she heard from Sal again. He phoned her apartment and left a message on her answering machine. Antonia sat on the sofa and listened to him talking to her machine, afraid to answer it and talk to him. So she continued polishing a new, silver candlestick she'd found at a flea market Saturday morning before work.

She placed the now shiny candlestick on the dresser that held the television set then walked over to her answering machine. message, shaking her head in frustration.

"Antonia, it's Sal. I was hoping She pressed the button to replay the

you could accompany me to the company's annual spring gala this Saturday night. I'll expect you at the house by five so we can all have dinner at Chez Francois. I bought you a ticket and there's a dress waiting for you at Saks. I hope you like it," he said and hung up the phone.

Sal just assumed she'd be at the house on the appointed night. And the awful thing about it was, she would be there. The party was five days away, and he'd already picked out a dress for her to wear, something appropriate she suspected. It never occurred to him that she might be able to afford to buy her own dress. Well, she couldn't but that wasn't the point, she told herself. He didn't even ask; he just assumed.

The next day, Antonia strolled into the downtown Saks and found her way to the evening gown department. She saw a woman who'd helped her on several other occasions. "Hi Lucy," Antonia said, smiling at the friendly sales associate.

"Hello, Miss Attracelli." Lucy smiled her professional, yet cordial smile. "I've been expecting you. Your brother has picked out a dress that is lovely," she said.

"I'll bet he has," Antonia said with resignation.

Lucy was about the same age as Antonia, maybe a year or two older. But she never greeted Antonia by her first name, no matter how many times Antonia asked her to. She had bright red hair, just like Lucille Ball's, with the creamy white complexion and green eyes.

Lucy disappeared behind a curtain while Antonia waited for her to bring out the dress. Antonia strolled through the other dresses on hangers, fingering the rich material. She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw a black dress hanging from the satin covered hanger.

It was all black satin crepe. The bodice was demure in one way, the fabric coming high enough, but with a deep V in the center. The spaghetti straps and the slit in the leg made the dress all the more impressive. She took it off the rack and moved over to a three-sided mirror, imagining herself in the dress.

That was where Lucy found her. The salesperson held up a pink, silk dress with a fitted bodice, long sleeves and a skirt that flared out with yards and yards of gathered material at the waist, falling all the way to the floor. Antonia groaned.

"That's what he wants me to wear?" she asked, staring at the pink creation in the mirror.

Lucy lifted the dress higher so she could see more of it. "Isn't it beautiful?" she asked.

Those weren't the words that Antonia would use to describe the dress. But she bit her tongue and put the black dress back on the rack.

"The seamstress is waiting in the back to hem or alter the dress in any way," Lucy said, carrying the dress to the fitting room, Antonia following behind.

Antonia pulled off her tee shirt and jeans, then let Lucy slip the dress over her head and zip it up. Staring at her reflection in the mirror, Antonia felt, and looked, like a giant, pink tulip. She walked out to the viewing area that had several mirrors to get a better look. Perhaps the light in the dressing room wasn't as flattering as the main salon.

Nope. No way to avoid it. Giant pink tulip she thought as she stared at her reflection in the multitude of mirrors. But now it was also a shiny, giant, pink tulip. In the brighter light, Antonia realized that the pink silk was shiny and not matte as she'd originally thought.

"Isn't it lovely?" Lucy asked again, hoping for some sort of appreciation of the dress.

"I'm sure some teenager would love to wear it to her prom. In fact, I think I wore one just like it to my senior prom," Antonia replied.

Lucy didn't know how to respond to that. So she ignored it and smiled more intensely. "I'll go get the seamstress. It will need to be hemmed if you're going to dance this Saturday night."

Lucy seemed so excited about the idea of a spring ball she could hardly contain herself. Antonia wished there was some way to avoid it.

She turned around and stared at the black dress longingly. Gathering up the pink fabric again, she stepped down to the floor. Picking up the black dress again, she held it in front of her, imagining how it would look on.

Lucy returned with an elderly lady in tow. "We're ready when you are," she chimed, nervous because Antonia wasn't very pleased with her brother's selection.

Antonia reached down and read the price tag attached to the sleeve of her tulip dress. She then read the price on the black dress. If she took the black dress, she'd save her brother over a thousand dollars.

Turning to Lucy, she asked, "Has my brother already paid for this dress?" she said, indicating the pink silk.

Lucy nodded nervously.

"Good. I'm going to exchange it," she said and gathered up the pink silk for the last time. She headed for the dressing room. It only took a moment to change into the black silk. The transformation was dramatic. Gone was the teenage princess in a giant pink dress. She was now looking at an adult, ready to take on the world and win in a daring, sophisticated gown.

Antonia walked out into the staging area again, turning around to see herself from the side and the back. The dress fit perfectly, even the length. She laughed in delight at how sophisticated she looked. With black stockings, black pumps and a black, silk shawl, the dress would be perfect.

Lucy waved the seamstress forward and the little lady immediately started pinning the straps of the bodice higher. Antonia shook her head, indicating that the woman didn't need to alter anything on the dress. "It's perfect just the way it is," she said, twirling around to see the way the silk looked from different angles, loving the way the dress moved with her. Even though it revealed a lot of skin, it was conservative compared to the cat costume she wore at Cesar's, so she wouldn't feel self-conscious in it. In the back of her mind, she wished Brett could see her in this dress. But then she dismissed the thought. She wanted to be brave, but not that brave. She didn't have the courage to face him in a dress this daring.

"I'll take this one, Lucy," Antonia said and headed back to the dressing room to change clothes. "What shoes did he pick out for me?" she asked, knowing Sal would be thorough.

Lucy pulled out a bag with a receipt stapled to it. "I chose the shoes. I thought you might like slippers since you'll be dancing that night."

Antonia slipped one shoe out of the tissue paper. She tried to hold back the grimace, but she wasn't sure she'd completely succeeded if the pained look on Lucy's face was any indication. The shoe Antonia held in her hand reminded her of the house slippers an elderly lady might wear. They were obviously more durable than house slippers so a woman could walk in the street in them, but other than that, they were house slippers, right down to the satin bow at the top.

"Don't worry, I'll exchange these in the shoe department for something more appropriate."

The black dress was wrapped up and handed to Antonia. She proceeded to the shoe department and found some elegant pumps that would be perfect for the dress.

She carried the dress out of the mall, then carefully rolled it up so it fit in her backpack without getting too wrinkled. Speeding away on her motorcycle, Lucy left the mask on her helmet up, even though it was full daylight and a police officer might pull her over at any time. But she didn't care. several weeks. She couldn't wait for the party now. barely contain herself.

She felt freer than she had in

She was so excited, she could And it showed in her work. She was so excited that her customers' tips were much larger than usual. The extra money during the week almost made up for what she'd miss in tips on Saturday night.

Saturday morning, she woke up early, excited about the night ahead. She had a hair appointment, again, courtesy of Sal. It was scheduled for two o'clock so she decided to have a leisurely morning. She rode to the Old Post Office Pavilion and bought a cup of coffee and a newspaper. She sipped her coffee and spent the whole morning reading every article possible.

At one-thirty, she took a cab to the hairdresser and allowed herself to be pampered for the day. This was one thing she loved Sal doing for her. Each time she accompanied him to a corporate function, he arranged for a manicure, pedicure, facial, and for her hair to be styled. By the time she left the salon at four o'clock, she felt like a new woman.

There was a small skirmish with the hair dresser who wanted to put white flowers in her hair, but Antonia realized that Sal had told her what type of dress she'd be wearing and corrected the idea. The woman completely changed directions with the hair. Instead of piling it on top of Antonia's head with ringlets coming down and baby's breath accenting the dark curls, she twisted the heavy mass into a twist at the nape of her neck, allowing the long curls to float delicately down her back.

She rode home in another cab, cringing at the expense, but thought it was well worth the trouble, knowing what her helmet would do to her newly styled hair.

Instead of meeting her family at the house, she called at the last minute and told them she'd meet them at the restaurant. If she knew her brother, he'd force her to march upstairs to her room and change clothes at the first sight of her black dress.

Michael, who answered the phone, reluctantly agreed to meet her there.

She was the first one to arrive for a change. So, when everyone else entered the restaurant, she was at the bar sipping a martini. Her brother Carlo was the first to see her and he smiled warily at her appearance. Antonia was too nervous to look at her brothers as they filed into the restaurant behind Carlo, each of them coming to a stop as they surveyed her dress. None of them had said a word.

They were immediately led to their table by the hostess. Antonia set her martini glass down in front of one of the places and pulled her chair out, still avoiding her brothers' eyes. It was Sal and Carlo who took the chairs next to her. And Antonia braced herself for the upcoming dinner.

"Is that the dress I paid for?" Sal asked quietly as soon as he sat down, his deep voice right next to her ear.

Antonia couldn't speak. He was angry, as expected. She nodded her head and plastered a smile on her face.

Sal nodded. "I don't believe it's the one I picked out, is it?" he said next.

Antonia shook her head. "No. I didn't think the pink tulip really fit my personality."

"What tulip?" Michael said. "What are you talking about?"

Antonia squared her shoulders. She would not be intimidated by her brothers, she told herself. She had been preparing herself for this all week. "The pink dress you had chosen for me is no longer appropriate for someone of my age. Admit it Sal, you want me to be sixteen and I'm not willing to go back in time."

"We'll discuss this later tonight," he said.

The dinner progressed and her brothers discussed the latest week's business. Antonia even gained enough courage to offer her opinion on some of the subjects being discussed. But when her brothers dismissed her contributions to the conversation, Antonia gave up.

When they entered the ballroom at eight-thirty, Sal handed the coats to the clerk, all except for Antonia's shawl. All her brothers approved as they nodded in unspoken agreement. Apparently, Thomas and Michael had discussed Antonia's dress, and therefore her further defiance and lack of responsibility, during the ride from the restaurant.

Antonia shrugged her shawl back onto her shoulders, smiling slightly and shaking her head at the irony of her brother's actions. She'd seen him looking at Georgette at Cesar's, but when it came to his sister, no one was allowed to look. If he only knew the times men had tried to flirt with her while she was working, he'd have a stroke.

They made their way to the table reserved for them, shaking hands along the way. Antonia's shawl fell off her shoulders, but there wasn't anything Sal could do as she had her arm tucked into his. Apparently, he felt she was safe as long as she was attached to his side.

Finally reaching their table and champagne was distributed. Once a toast was drunk, each of her brothers moved off to find dance partners among the crowd. Antonia could tell Sal wanted to keep her here in the corner of the room, but his manners kicked in and he also extended his arm to Antonia.

Antonia left her shawl on the back of the chair and accepted her brother's arm, allowing him to lead her onto the dance floor.

The orchestra started with a simple waltz and, since Antonia loved to dance, she allowed herself to forget Sal's irritation and lost herself in the dance.

After a few minutes, she said softly, "I'm sorry I hated the dress you chose for me."

"Are you?"

Antonia nodded but he refused to look down at her so she spoke her agreement. "Yes, I am,"

"Are you sorry that I hate it, or are you sorry that you chose something completely inappropriate?" he asked, not looking at her.

Antonia laughed, sensing his anger was dissipating slightly. Her dress was completely appropriate, just not for Sal's baby sister. "You got me there. I'm only sorry I didn't like the pink tulip," she said.

That got his attention. "You said that at dinner but I still don't understand what you are referring to?" he asked, finally looking down at her.

"The giant tulip you chose for me. The one with about fifty yards of fabric."

"It was beautiful and appropriate," he said and looked away again.

Antonia laughed again. "Sal, look around you. My dress is not any more revealing than many other women's here tonight. You just hate the fact that I'm an adult. It terrifies you."

Sal took a moment to look around and indeed, there were several women who were wearing variations on Antonia's dress. But he refused to budge. "It's not appropriate for you."

Antonia laughed again. "Sal, you'll never change, will you?" she said, and hugged him.

Heading back to their table, Antonia and Sal were stopped by one of Thomas's vice presidents. "Would you like to dance?" the middle aged man asked Antonia.

Antonia smiled into the man's eyes. "I'd love to," she said before Sal could decline for her. She slipped her arm out from Sal's and allowed herself to be escorted back onto the dance floor.

For the next hour, she danced one dance after another, smiling up into the various faces of her partners. All of them were charming in their own way, some were married, but the majority of them were single professionals, almost all of them employees of ATI.

They all flirted with her, regardless of their marital status. But Antonia brushed off their advances and continued to enjoy the dancing.

That's how Brett first saw her.

Brett entered the ballroom and scanned the occupants. He was looking for one woman in particular. And when he spotted her, his frustration over the last two weeks became a white-hot anger.

There she was. She was in a sexy black dress that showed her legs with every step she took, and she was in the arms of a man that looked as if he was still in college. With as much restraint as possible, Brett walked up to Sal instead of storming onto the dance floor and ripping her out of the man's arms. Antonia's brother was standing at the edge of the ballroom, looking like the wrath of God.

Brett took a glass of champagne from a passing waiter, wishing he had something stronger.

"She looks lovely," Brett said as calmly as possible to Sal.

Sal looked at the man next to him, registering that he was angry about something, but couldn't fathom what it might be about. "Yes, she does," Sal agreed reluctantly and turned his attention back to watching his sister - or more accurately, the man she was dancing with.

"Nice dress," Brett said, noting that another man stepped up to take the previous one's place as soon as the music changed.

"Some think so," Sal said.

"Where'd she get it?" Brett asked. Sal gritted his teeth. "I guess I bought it for her," he said.

"Why?" Brett challenged.

Sal turned to the man standing next to him. "Why are you so interested?" he said, somewhat belligerently.

"I'm not," Brett lied and tried to look around the room. But his eyes were drawn back to Antonia, wanting to punch the man who was currently dancing with her

- too closely in his mind.

Sal took a new look at the man and realized that he was jealous - furiously jealous that his sister was dancing with other men, vying for her attention. After studying Brett for a long moment, Sal came to a decision.

"So what are you going to do about it?" Sal asked, turning back to watch the dancers.

Brett said nothing for a moment, just stared at her as she laughed at something her current partner said. But then he carefully and calmly put his glass of champagne on the table next to him. "Retrieve her."

off her, he would continue to be angry. he was going to have to deal with it. didn't react to it well.

Brett's casualness was all a facade. Until he'd gotten other men's hands

He didn't like that fact, but it was reality and Jealousy was a new emotion to him and he

Tapping her current partner on the shoulder, he elegantly stepped in and took Antonia's hand in his, then placed her other one on his shoulder, since she seemed too stunned to do it herself. He barely glanced at the man who had been dancing with her, dismissing him as soon as her hand was in his.

"Nice dress," he said as he moved them back into the line of dancers.

Antonia couldn't breathe. How could one man be so incredibly gorgeous in a tuxedo? It was only a suit, for goodness sake. Why did the sight of him make her so crazy?

Taking a deep breath, she turned her head away, refusing to look at him. "What are you doing here?" Suddenly, she wished she was wearing the dress Sal originally chose. At least it would provide more coverage for her. She hadn't felt exposed until Brett glanced down at her and she saw the heat in his eyes. The same heat she felt as she moved to the music, his legs touching hers accidentally during each turn.

"You're a good dancer," he said, pulling her closer.

"Thank you. But that doesn't answer my question. Why are you here?" she asked, marveling at how strong he was. She could feel his muscles as they flexed under her fingers or against her legs.

"Your brother invited me." He said simply.

"Don't you have a date?" She was praying that there was a woman out there that would drag him away from her. She ignored the jealousy that almost choked her at the idea of him dancing with anyone but her.

"Nope. Sorry," he said. "I got the impression that you are now my date."

"Who gave you that impression?" she asked suspiciously, her eyes turning to slits. She tried to put some space between them but he wouldn't allow it, just held her closer.

"Your brother," Brett said, smiling suddenly. He returned a nod when Sal raised his champagne glass to him. Feeling immensely better than he had for the past two weeks, he pulled her imperceptibly closer and looked down into her fiery eyes. "You look beautiful tonight."

"You said that already," Antonia replied.

"No, I told you that your dress was nice. But I didn't mention how lovely you look in it."

His voice was husky and the sound of it sent shivers down Antonia's spine. "Stop it," she said.

"Stop what?" he asked.

"Stop doing this to me. I can't see you," she said, her voice barely above a whisper.

"That's impossible," Brett said, swinging her around so that he wasn't staring at all five brothers as they danced. "Come home with me," he said.

"No."

"Yes," Brett whispered in her ear, his hand moving to the bare skin on her back.

"No," Antonia repeated, but even she could hear the weakness in her voice. She tried to pull out of his arms, but Brett stopped her before she could move more than a millimeter.

"Oh, no you don't," he said, bending down so that his lips were almost touching her ear. "You did that twice already. It's not going to happen three times. Don't ever run away from me again,"

Antonia stared at the buttons on his snowy, white shirt. "I didn't run away," she lied.

"What would you call it?" he asked.

"Surviving," she said accidentally, wishing she could take back the word as soon as she spoke it.

"Surviving what?"

"You," she said after a long pause.

Brett didn't reply. His only response was to pull her closer.

Antonia couldn't fight it. She relaxed into his embrace and enjoyed the sensation of being close to him again. After all the long nights of dreaming about him, the reality was so much more wonderful.

Brett took her back to their table after several dances and she asked him to get her a drink.

"What would you like?" he asked.

"Anything," she said, feeling desperate. "Champagne is fine." She intended to head home as soon as he left her, afraid of what he made her feel.

Brett nodded and turned to find a waiter. Once he was out of sight, she finally thought she could make her escape. "If you'll excuse me, I'll be right back," she said to Sal.

Sal didn't even look at her when he gently, but firmly, held her arm. "Stay for a moment."

"Sal, I'm just going to the ladies room," she said, trying to keep the panic out of her voice.

"No you're not. You're going to try to slip out the door," Thomas said as he came up to stand on her left side.

Antonia hadn't heard him come up beside her, but that wasn't unusual for Thomas. He was the more soft-spoken of all of them. "I am not," she denied.

Carlos came up in front of her and shook his head. "Oh, no you don't. Stick around, let's see what happens," he said, a huge grin on his face.

"I can't believe what's happening here!" Antonia said, shocked that her brothers were conspiring against her in this way. "Are you all willing to throw me to the wolves? Please, let me go. I can't stay here."

Sal's grin was almost imperceptible, but Antonia saw it. "Not all the wolves - just one. He'll be right back. Then he can escort you home if you still need to leave," he said.

Antonia stood there in shock. "I can't believe you would force me to stay in the company of a man I don't like," she said, furious with all of them.

Carlos laughed. "You certainly liked him when you showed him the hedges a few weeks ago."

"And it looked as if you liked him out on the dance floor," Giuseppe said, laughing and shaking his head as he took his place in their circle.

Antonia turned beet red. But she had no response. Instead, she stood there surrounded by her brothers, blocked on all sides by five huge men.

Brett finally returned with two glasses of champagne. As soon as he approached, the wall of men evaporated and she was left to look at Brett's lazy smile as he handed her the glass of sparkling wine.

Antonia took the glass and downed the liquid. Then she handed the glass to Brett and took the other one, drinking the bubbly liquid quickly.

"Thanks," was all she said.

He swallowed a laugh. She was outraged with her brothers, but they were doing his unspoken bidding. "Would you like to dance some more?"

"Yes," she said grudgingly.

Brett nodded his thanks to her brothers without her knowing it as he led her back onto the dance floor. He didn't even mind when she took another glass of champagne from a passing waiter, downed the liquid and set it on a table, all without losing step with him.

Out on the dance floor, he pulled the reluctant beauty into his arms, trying not to shake with laughter. He knew what she was doing. Since she couldn't escape physically, she would try to escape mentally. But it wouldn't work. He'd been trying it all week, and he hadn't been able to get her out of his mind.

God she felt good, he thought to himself. He knew the champagne was going to hit her hard and fast in a short time. So he reveled in the feeling of having her in his arms for the short time before he had to get her home.

He wondered if he'd finally learn where she lived now. It would be ironic if he could accomplish in one night what a private investigator had been unable to do for two whole weeks. That had been part of his frustration when he'd walked into the ballroom tonight. He hadn't been able to find out anything about her. Not even her phone number. There wasn't a listed or unlisted Antonia Attracelli anywhere in the Washington Metropolitan area.

Tonight, perhaps he'd get some information.

Two hours later, Brett felt her lean more heavily against him. They were standing in a small group of people talking about the weather and politics in general when Brett looked down to find that the champagne had finally hit. Instead of becoming drunk, she slowly started fading. He noticed the fatigue in her eyes and the relaxed stance.

Excusing them both from the group, he put an arm around Antonia's waist and guided her back to her family. "I'm going to get her home. Could you hand me her shawl and purse?"

Sal obliged. Nodding at Brett, he watched the man guide his sister out of the ballroom and into the night. Oddly, he didn't feel the slightest bit of anxiousness at the idea of his baby sister leaving with Hancock.

Thomas, Carlo, Michael and Giuseppe all moved closer to Sal, five sets of eyes watching as the tall man guided their sister out of the ballroom.

Thomas finally voiced what all of them were thinking. "Are you sure she's safe with him?"

"She's safe," Sal said. "Hancock and I have an understanding."

"What's that?" Carlo asked. Sal looked at his four younger brothers. "If he hurts her, he deals with us."

The other four men nodded in agreement, then turned back to the party, confident that Sal's unspoken warning was enough to protect their little sister.

Brett handed a few bills to the valet, then picked Antonia up and carefully placed her in his car, knowing she was about to fall asleep. Coming around to the driver's side, he worried that she was too far gone to give him directions to her house.

He pulled away down the street slightly, out of sight of the building and its current occupants. He then tried to wake Antonia up to ask her where she lived. When she just pushed his hands away, he gave up and took her purse off her shoulder. Looking at her driver's license, he shook his head, not believing that she actually lived at the address on it.

He drove to it anyway, thinking it might not be as bad as he suspected.

He arrived at her apartment and was able to wake her up enough to get her to focus. "Antonia, is this your building?" he asked, holding her head gently.

"Yes," she said sleepily. "Fifth floor. Thanks for the ride." After that, Antonia turned and curled up more comfortably in the soft leather seat.

Brett shook his head. She was out.

Sighing, he went around to the passenger side and lifted her up. She barely weighed anything, he thought as he carried her into the building.

Then he reached the lobby and read the note on the front of the elevators which claimed all of them were out of service. With no other alternative, Brett carried Antonia up the stairs. She got heavier and heavier with each flight.

Once he was standing in front of her doorway, Brett set her down and leaned her against the doorjamb while he searched through her purse for her keys. Finding them, he unlocked the door, then carried her through the darkened apartment.

He found the sofa the old-fashioned way, by running into it. Swallowing a curse, he put Antonia down on the sofa and found the lights.

When he turned around, he was astonished by the relatively large apartment. The furnishings were nice but not top rate. It was the smaller items scattered about that were real gems. She apparently collected tapestry pillows, wicker baskets, which added a homey effect, and old, black-and-white photographs, all displayed in intricately carved frames.

He shook her gently to wake her up since she'd fallen asleep again on the sofa. When she didn't respond except to push his hands away and yawn deeply, Brett resigned himself to his task. He lifted her up and carried her into what he assumed was the bedroom.

Again, he was struck by how nice the room looked. It could be out of a magazine for old-fashioned cabins or mountain retreats. The soft yellow walls warmed the room while the quilt was an artist's dream.

Brett laid her down and took off her shoes, placing them beside the bed. Next, he withdrew her stockings, groaning out loud when he realized she was only wearing thigh high stockings. Had he known that while dancing, he never would have made it so long. He wished he could look at her with them on, but he reminded himself that she was passed out.

So he averted his eyes and pulled the sheer stockings off her legs. Next came the dress. The fantastic dress. Now that he was the one taking it off her, he didn't mind it so much. In fact, he loved it, he thought as he pulled it down and revealed her strapless bra.

Averting his eyes again, he lifted her up and pulled the quilt and sheets down, then tucked her under before taking her bra off. Once off, he lifted the scrap of material to his face, inhaling her soft perfume.

Brett groaned again. He had to get out of here. He couldn't take any more of this. Turning off her bedroom light, he moved about the apartment and made sure the balcony was locked, then turned off the lights and closed the door behind him.

Chapter 5

Rolling over in bed, Antonia unfolded her arms, stretching sore muscles. She wished the sun wasn't so bright and chided herself for not pulling the shade down on her window last night. Shielding her eyes from the bright sunlight streaming in through her bedroom window, she wondered why her head ached so much.

Then she remembered last night. And the champagne. And Brett bringing her home. Well, she didn't remember all of it, but she remembered him waking her up in front of her building. But she only woke up enough to squint into the darkness to confirm that it was the correct building and that she lived on the fifth floor. After that, everything was a blur.

Rolling back onto her stomach, she searched her bedside table for the clock. Groaning, she realized it was already ten o'clock. She'd missed meeting everyone for church. They were already walking into the building by now.

What were they thinking, she wondered? They all knew she'd come home with Brett last night. Would they assume he'd spent the night?

Then the worst thought struck her. Brett knew where she lived. Would he tell her brothers? What would they do? She knew they wouldn't approve of her apartment.

Throwing her legs over the side of the bed, she intended to get some aspirin and water. That was when she noticed her dress hanging on the closet door. Looking down, she saw that her shoes were next to her bed and her stockings, both of them were lying innocently on the dresser.

Antonia looked down and saw that she was completely naked except for her underwear. She groaned and buried her face in the pillow. Had one of her brothers come back with them? Surely none would allow a stranger to bring her home in the state she was in last night.

It would still be embarrassing if one of her brothers had undressed her. But complete humiliation if it had been Brett. She assured herself that it was probably one of her brothers. Unfortunately, she couldn't imagine any of her brothers undressing her. They'd just push her legs under the covers fully dressed. She'd be lucky if they'd take off her shoes.

Pushing her hair out of her face, she got out of bed and headed for the bathroom, pulling on a fluffy white robe as she went. Antonia reached the bathroom and pulled down a bottle of aspirin, then turned to go to the kitchen for a glass of water, wishing her hair would stay out of her eyes. She knew she looked awful, but right now, her priority was to get the aspirin into her system. She'd worry about brushing her hair later. Much later, she thought as she turned the corner to the kitchen and her headache intensified.

But when she passed the doorway, someone was knocking. She didn't want to face anyone, especially if it was one or all of her brothers. But she remembered they were all in church right now so she was probably safe for the time being. Assuming it was only her neighbor, Mrs. Winkler, who constantly ran out of one thing or another when she was baking and needed to borrow it from Antonia, she just walked to the door and opened it without looking through the security hole. If she had, she wouldn't have opened the door.

Because there stood Brett, looking fresh and handsome in a pair of jeans, tee-shirt and light, blue jacket, leaning against her doorjamb.

"What do you want?" she asked, wishing she could just slam the door in his face. That way, she wouldn't have to deal with the embarrassment of her actions last night. But she knew he'd just get in the way of the closing door.

"You," he said immediately.

Antonia hated the blush that crept up her cheeks. And she hated his deep, husky laugh that told her he noticed her blush.

"Well, since that's out of the realm of possibility, what else?"

"Coffee?"

"Not possible either," she said. "Why are you here so early this morning? Don't you have a company to run or something?"

"Not on Sunday," he said and moved forward, ignoring the fact that she obviously didn't want him in her apartment.

Then it hit her, the all important question and some of her belligerence left her. Turning to face him, she looked down at the floor so he wouldn't see her blush again. "Um, did you happen to mention where I live to any of my brothers?" she asked, twisting the cap on and off of the bottle of aspirin.

Brett walked into the kitchen and set down a large brown bag. "Why? Do they not know where you live?" he asked, surprised.

Antonia shrugged as if his answer didn't matter. "Not really," she answered, watching him open cabinets, then finally finding the coffee and filters.

"Why not?" he asked, scooping coffee into the coffee machine and acting as if he'd lived here for years.

"Look, just tell me if you mentioned it to them. Please!" she said, desperate now to know the truth. The idea that her brothers might show up on her doorstep, en masse or one at a time was too frightening. Because she knew they'd all have moving boxes in their hands. She couldn't stand the suspense any longer.

"Not yet," he said, coming over to where she was standing. "Do you not want me to?"

Antonia's eyes pleaded with him. "No. I'd be very grateful if you could leave that bit of information between the two of us."

Brett put his arm behind her against the wall and leaned closer to her. "What other information should I leave out of our conversations?" he asked.

Antonia didn't understand what he was talking about, but then, as she stared up into his half-closed eyes, seeing the sexual desire there, she put two and two together. Last night, Brett had taken her clothes off and put her to bed. With that realization, her face flamed red again and she couldn't look him in the eye. "I'm sorry I fell asleep on you last night. It was thoughtful of you to carry me inside. I hope the elevators were working."

Brett shook his head. "They weren't." He was so close, she could feel his warm breath on her cheek when he spoke.

"Oh," was all she could say. She was so embarrassed that he had taken off her clothes, she couldn't think.

"You're beautiful," he said, leaning down and gently touching her lips. "And I didn't see anything," he lied. He eased his conscience with the knowledge that he hadn't seen everything. soon, he promised himself. Not nearly everything he wanted to see. But soon. Very

"Oh," Antonia said, instantly relieved. She took a deep breath and glanced up into his eyes. "Thank you."

"You're welcome," he said and pushed away from the wall. "Are you hungry?" he asked as he took the bottle of aspirin she'd been holding. He walked back into the kitchen and found a glass, filled it with water, then handed her two aspirin and the glass.

"Yes," Antonia replied, trying not to touch his warm fingers when she took the glass gratefully.

Brett started opening the bag but then he caught sight of her robe. He stopped looking in the bag and turned to face her, leaning a hip against the counter and crossing his arms over his chest. "You aren't wearing anything underneath that robe are you?" he asked.

Antonia gripped the folds of the neckline closer to her and shook her head. "I'll go take a shower and get dressed," she said, already moving towards the bathroom.

"That would be a good idea," he chuckled.

Antonia rushed into the bathroom and closed the door. She took the fastest shower in her life, too afraid Brett would come in at anytime. Back in her bedroom, she pulled on a pair of jeans and a soft, navy blue sweater with short sleeves and a matching, blue cardigan. Looking at her hair, she thought about pulling it up, but she didn't want to bother with it. So she brushed it until it shone, then put on some mascara, a light coat of powder and some lipstick.

Feeling satisfied with her appearance, she opened the bedroom door to the smell of fresh coffee, eggs, bacon and toast. Antonia's stomach growled in anticipation of the food.

Peeking around the corner, she spotted Brett sitting on the sofa, reading a newsletter sent from her investment company. She hadn't gotten around to reading it yet, but she'd left it on the coffee table yesterday along with the rest of her mail.

As soon as he saw her, he looked up and smiled. "I'm not sure which woman I like better. The one that was warm and cozy from sleep, or now when you're all fresh and gorgeous. I'm glad you left your hair down. I love it like that," he said, tossing down the newsletter and moving towards the kitchen.

"You have a good portfolio. Who taught you to invest?" he asked as he picked up two plates.

Antonia looked down at the papers scattered about on her "coffee table". Sure enough, she'd taken time to open her investment report and just left it laying there. She couldn't even blame him for snooping around when she'd forgotten to put personal papers in a safe place.

"No one," she said and walked over to pick it up, folding it and putting it in the drawer she kept all correspondence that needed to be filed. "I taught myself."

"Who's your broker? He gives some great advice," Brett said from the kitchen. He emerged a moment later with two plates piled high with scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and each balancing a glass of orange juice.

Antonia took one plate and inhaled the wonderful smell. She loved breakfast, but rarely woke up in time to enjoy it. "I don't have a broker. I use the internet to invest," she explained. "I do my own research and invest my money they way I think is wise," she said and headed for the sofa. She hadn't gotten around to buying a table, so she ate all her meals in the family room instead of the kitchen.

Brett nodded and sat down on the sofa to eat. "Well, when you find your next investment, please give me your ideas. I'll go with your instincts."

She was about to take her first bite of food, but her fork stopped halfway to her mouth. Antonia flushed with pleasure. She thought he'd give her advice, but instead, he was praising her and asking for her advice. She was so confused, she didn't know what to say. So she just said, "Thank you."

Brett was digging into his plate and didn't notice her flushed face. "Since we're spending the day together, what do you say we go see that art exhibit you probably never got to see a few weeks ago."

Antonia choked on a bite of bacon, certain she hadn't heard him correctly. "Spend the day together?" she asked.

"Yep. Did you make it? Is it worth the trip?"

Antonia tried to come up with some reason why they couldn't spend the day together, but her mind drew a blank. She knew why she couldn't be with him, but she couldn't very well tell him that she had to avoid him because of the feelings he stirred inside her.

"Are you done with breakfast?" he asked, noticing that she'd stopped eating.

Antonia looked down at her plate and realized she couldn't eat another bite. The idea of spending a whole afternoon with him had sent butterflies fluttering in her stomach.

"I can't today," she said.

"Why not?" he said and took her half filled plate to the kitchen with his empty one.

"I have errands to do," she said, coming up with the first excuse she could think of.

"What errands," he said, a half-smile on his face.

"I don't know. Errands," she said, trying hard to think. But nothing came to mind.

"Name them. I'll help you."

Disgusted with herself, she picked up his glass and carried them both to the kitchen, pouring water over the plates. She didn't have a dishwasher and she didn't feel like cleaning the dishes right now.

Brett's laughter followed her. She stood at the sink and stared down, not seeing the dirty plates and glasses. A moment later, she felt Brett's hands on her shoulders, turning her around.

"Why are you afraid of me?" he asked softly.

"I'm not afraid of you," she said defensively, not meeting his eyes. She stared at the buttons on his shirt.

"Yes you are. Why?" he asked, lifting her chin so she had to look at him. "I won't bite."

Antonia couldn't explain her feelings towards him. "I don't know. I just think we should not see each other."

"That's not possible," he said gently, shaking his head.

"Why?"

"Because I want you," was all he said.

Antonia took a deep, shaky breath. "Don't say things like that," she said.

"Why? It's the truth," he said and leaned down to take her lips in a passionate, gentle kiss.

Antonia tried to resist. She pushed against his shoulders, but they were immovable. When he moved away from her mouth and softly kissed her neck, then her ear, she gave in to the desire coursing through her. Her arms reached up and wrapped around his neck. She leaned her head back, giving him greater access to her neck. A soft moan escaped her when he found the sensitive spot behind her ear.

Brett lifted her up and placed her on the counter, moving between her knees and pulling her close. She was now face to face with him and she gave in to the desire to kiss him. Placing a hand on each side of his face, she held him there, and kissed him with all the passion she was feeling.

She felt his hands under her sweater and panicked for a brief moment, until the heat hit her, and then she groaned with increased desire. She'd never felt like this before but she didn't care what happened anymore. With his arms around her, touching her everywhere, she didn't care about the future or her brothers, or how dangerous he was to her goals. All she cared about was the driving need inside her that only he could inflame.

Suddenly, her sweater was pulled over her head and Brett was cupping her breast through her black, lacy bra. Antonia's breast were large for her tiny figure. She'd always been slightly self-conscious of that fact. But with the look in Brett's eyes as he looked down at her, she was proud of her figure for the first time in her life.

And then he bent down and took a nipple in his mouth. Antonia's world crashed. She arched her back, her hands held his head there and her legs wrapped around his waist. She was in shock, in pain, and in agony. And she was afraid that he might stop creating these feelings inside her.

Unfortunately, he stopped. Brett threw his head back and closed his eyes, gritting his teeth to gain control of himself. They were in the kitchen, for God's sake, he told himself. He had to get a grip on this situation or it was going to get out of control. Then all the progress he'd made with Antonia, albeit slight, would disappear.

Stepping back, he picked up her sweater and pulled it back down over her head.

"What's wrong?" Antonia asked, confused. The desire was still coursing through her veins and she could tell that he felt the same way. She could see it in his eyes and noticed the tension in his muscles.

"We need to get out of here," he said. "This might get out of control."

"Oh," she said, and reality came crashing down on her. "Oh, my God," she said and buried her face in her hands.

Brett understood her reaction and immediately came back to her, pulling her hands down from her face so she had to look at him. "Don't do that. What we just did was special. And when we actually do make love, it will be special between us again. Don't be ashamed."

Antonia could only nod her head. But she couldn't banish the embarrassment or the knowledge that if he hadn't stopped, she wouldn't have been the one to do it. And heaven knew where it might have ended.

Grabbing his jacket and hers off a peg by the door, he grabbed her hand and pulled her out the door behind him. "Let's get out of here," he said.

Out on the street, Antonia took a deep breath, hoping the cool, spring air would banish the feelings that were still coursing through her body. But they didn't. She stepped into his car and leaned her head against the backrest, trying to get her emotions and her libido under control. She watched him walk around the car then get in beside her. Neither helped her gain control. He was simply too sexy.

They arrived at the National Gallery of Art just as the doors opened for the day. So they were able to stroll through the gallery with relative ease. The National Gallery of Art was actually two buildings. The main building was built in the gothic style with massive columns both outside and in the main lobby-atrium. The floors were all made of glossy, hardwood and the rooms were either square or rectangular, flowing from one to the next. The other building was a modern style with an open, airy feel to it. In this building, the rooms weren't always rectangular and the ceilings of the lobby were hung with massive sculptures, swaying in the seemingly still air.

Both were connected by a tunnel that ran underneath the street. The tunnel itself was a wondrous piece of art. It ran underneath a main avenue of the District of Columbia with a huge, underground waterfall which turned into a fountain that was visible to the tourists walking along the street.

Antonia and Brett moved from one area of the main building to another, commenting on the styles they liked or disliked, arguing about the talent of each artist over another, different time periods and the differences in techniques.

After two hours in the art gallery, they moved on to the Museum of American History which contained all sorts of treasures. This was one of Antonia's favorite museums and she went through it on a regular basis.

One time, she was able to catch the exhibit of all the First Ladies' inaugural ball gowns which was a wonderful collection of designs and fabrics. It also housed Archie Bunker's chair from All In The Family, Fonzie's leather jacket from Happy Days, the ruby slippers Dorothy wore in her trek through Oz, and many more entertainment exhibits. Other exhibits explained the history of computers, machinery, the movement of the Native Americans across the continent and all sorts of wondrous things.

It was five o'clock when they realized how much time had passed. Antonia couldn't believe that they'd spent the entire day in two museums. But she had more fun going through the exhibits with Brett than she'd ever had on her own. He was curious about everything and seemed to know so much about whatever he was looking at.

Since it was Sunday, the security guards were asking people to head for the nearest exit. Brett casually took Antonia's hand as they walked back to the car in silence. Antonia tried to be non-challant about the seemingly casual gesture, but her heartbeat picked up dramatically.

"How about dinner and a movie? Then I'll take you home," Brett suggested.

Antonia didn't want the day to end. It was such a perfect day, she wanted it to last a little longer. So she agreed. She might regret her impulse tomorrow, but she'd deal with that another time. Right now, she wanted to spend more time with Brett.

They drove to Georgetown, a small area in Washington, D.C. that had many small, upscale shops and a variety of restaurants. They chose an Italian restaurant and ordered pasta, then sat at the window watching the sun set over the Potomac River as they sipped red wine.

Keeping the conversation light, they ate their meal slowly, savoring every moment. Antonia knew that this would be the last time she would allow herself to be with him so she enjoyed every moment of her time with him.

After dinner, they strolled over to the theatre that showed off-beat or foreign movies. They chose a French, foreign film touted as a drama. Sitting through two hours of the movie, Antonia was intensely aware of Brett's arm right next to her, his strong leg so close to her own. She heard him laugh in several places, but she couldn't concentrate on the sub-titles long enough to keep track of the story line.

Back at her building, Brett walked her to her apartment door, even though he had to climb the five flights of stairs to reach it since the elevator wouldn't be fixed until mid week according to a new sign hanging in the lobby. He took her keys and unlocked the door, then went inside to turn on the lights and make sure everything was ok.

Antonia laughed, but didn't say anything about his protectiveness. In her brothers, it bothered her. But when Brett did it, she thought it was nice. It made her feel safer in some way.

He came back to the doorway and kissed her gently. "When will I see you again?" he asked.

"Brett," she started.

But Brett put a finger over her mouth to silence her. "Don't even think it. We're going to see each other, it's just a matter of when," he said.

Antonia's eyes looked up at him, worried. "I don't think this is a good idea, you and me."

"I know. I know you're still afraid of me. But you don't have anything to be afraid of. So, when will I see you again?" he asked again.

"I don't know. I don't know what my schedule is going to be like this week."

Brett sighed deeply, looking up at the ceiling as if he was trying desperately to find patience. "Ok. We'll play it by your rules a little longer. But there's going to be a point when I'm going to start setting the rules." With that threat, he leaned down and kissed her gently again, then turned and headed for the staircase, disappearing behind the fire door.

Antonia walked into her apartment and locked the door. She was shaking, she realized. What had he meant about making rules? She didn't make any rules. She just couldn't be with him, that's all. She ignored the message light flashing on her answering machine. It was late and she didn't want to deal with the inevitable questions from her brothers.

Monday afternoon, Sal called and asked her if she'd come to dinner that night. Everyone would be there, no ulterior motive, he explained. Apparently, the Sunday afternoon lunch didn't happen yesterday and he wanted to pull the family together to catch up.

Antonia was skeptical, but since it was her day off, she agreed. It was also a good excuse in case Brett called. She had been anticipating it all day, and she refused to admit that she was disappointed when he didn't call.

She left her apartment and decided to splurge on a cab out to the house. She wasn't in the mood to drive somewhere, change clothes and have someone pick her up. So she changed into an appropriate dress, this time a light navy blue, slim dress with a white and yellow scarf tied around her neck.

At the house, she was the last to arrive so she headed into the living room where she assumed everyone would be waiting, having sherry or some other cocktail.

"Am I late?" she whispered to Michael who was watching the whole chaotic scene from a chair by the door.

Michael shook his head and laughed as Carlos punched Thomas on the shoulder for some reason. "No, you're just in time," he said.

Everyone was there and with five older brothers, it always seemed like there were more people in the room. They were all so tall and powerfully built, they seemed to take up all the space, even in the large library of Sal's house. Amid all the chaos of brothers arguing and the television set playing the pre-game football shows and drinks being passed around, the only person who caught her eye was Brett, standing by the bar looking incredibly gorgeous and relaxed, chatting with Sal and Thomas, pouring a beer into a glass.

Antonia didn't know what to say or do. She was too stunned. Did he have business with Sal and was just staying over for dinner again? What was going on? Strangers were not permitted to interfere with family dinners, she told herself, trying to make sense of the scene.

Antonia watched with trepidation as Brett walked towards her, then handed her the glass of beer. But her face flamed when he leaned down and kissed her gently on the cheek.

"You look lovely," he said, blocking her from the curious stares of her brothers.

"Thank you," she whispered, painfully aware that everyone was staring at Brett's back, trying to get a good look at the two of them, waiting to see what would happen next. But beyond her embarrassment, she felt as if she had come alive. Just the smallest touch and her body seemed to hum in excitement.

Thankfully, Sal interrupted their semi-private chat. "I think dinner's ready," Sal said.

Antonia immediately turned and headed for the dining room, wishing Brett would just disappear. But he didn't. He was right behind her, following her into the dining room. Once they got there, Brett pulled out her chair then sat down next to her.

Antonia tried to concentrate on the conversations around her, but she was too aware of Brett sitting next to her. And she hated Sal's pleased smile as he sat down at the head of the table. Antonia knew Sal had something to do with Brett being here. No one else would dare. But she didn't understand what he was trying to do. He was so protective of family gatherings, this completely threw her for a loop.

As soon as the blessing was said, the plates of vegetables, roast beef, potatoes and salad were passed around, everyone talking at once. It was as if Antonia and Brett were all alone in the room as everyone started filling their plates. She didn't want to talk to him, but everyone else was busy at the moment.

"How are you?" she asked him quietly, almost shyly.

"Fine. Did you have a nice day?" he said, just as formally.

"Yes, thank you," she replied. She couldn't come up with anything else to say, so she stared at her empty plate.

"You're back to being afraid of me," he sighed. "But I guess you never got over that, did you?" he asked softly.

Antonia didn't respond.

"That's ok. We'll work on it. Sooner or later, you're going to feel comfortable around me," he said, leaning down intimately close to her ear.

Antonia laughed. Partly because his breath tickled her ear. But also, she couldn't imagine a time when she wouldn't feel his energy and want him to touch her or kiss her. Feeling comfortable was completely out of the realm of possibility around him. "I will?" she asked, chuckling under her breath so no one would hear her.

"Yep. Promise," he said and handed her the platter of roast beef.

The dining room was a large, ornately carved, wooden room with a stained glass window at one end and a huge marble fireplace at the other. The table was large and specially made for the formal dining room. It had to be large with her family.

Antonia tried not to jump when Brett put his hand on her thigh, but apparently something on her face indicated a change. Because Carlo looked at her strangely and said, "Are you feeling ok? You look a little flushed."

Sal looked over at her, then at Brett, then looked away and passed the potatoes to Michael, ignoring his baby sister's welfare for the first time in his life.

"I'm fine," she said to Carlo. Antonia didn't know what to do. She tried removing his hand as inconspicuously as possible, but he just put it back again. Finally, in an attempt to not draw attention to the two of them, she just left it there. Although, by the middle of dinner, her leg was sore from keeping it in the same position. She was too afraid that if she moved, even slightly, his hand would "accidentally" slip higher along her thigh.

All through dinner, the men chatted about what was happening in the company and what might become a priority on someone's schedule. Thomas, who was the strong, silent type and probably the most serious of all her brothers, was in charge of auditing the various offices around the world and had an idea to change his auditing tactics. He also needed a new staff member as one of his team had resigned after getting married. Thomas traveled nine months out of the year and it would be too hard on a new marriage to be gone that much.

Michael had some ideas on how to branch into new areas of the IT industry and create more niche marketing that would eventually expand their presence. Gus, who managed all the buildings and physical assets of ATI and managed to keep everyone's stress levels down by revealing the ridiculous in many situations, stepped up and explained that there were several buildings that would put Michael closer to his target clients if he wanted to go that route.

Carlo, a financial wizard, who was in charge of investments and growth for ATI, offered up some ideas he'd wanted everyone to toss around about moving into the retail industry. Sal was very interested but wanted Carlo to get more information on the idea.

All six men debated the various issues. Antonia was always fascinated by this dynamic group of men. She didn't examine her feelings but found that she was proud when Brett contributed to the various conversations and all of her brothers listened carefully to his opinion.

At the end of the meal, everyone picked up their plates and carried the dishes into the kitchen. Antonia thought it was interesting how a group of chauvinistic men could step up unquestionably to clear the table and put the dishes into the dishwasher without hesitation, but wouldn't let their baby sister become involved in the company business. She wiped the counters, dried pots and pans, put them in their appropriate places, then looked around to see if anything else needed to be done. She was alone now, but that had only been for the last five minutes. The men had helped out with most of the cleanup and she didn't mind doing the last bit herself.

She knew she needed to get home. Calling a cab company took only a moment, but she stood there for a long time, knowing that it would cause problems, taking a cab home. She debated telling anyone, knowing that someone would step in and offer to drive her home.

She waited in the hallway for her cab to come and pick her up. She wished the house wasn't so far away from everything. It was out in a forested area of Falls Church that wasn't convenient to anything but D.C. She imagined that was why her parents chose the location, but it didn't make catching a cab very easy.

Finally, she heard it moving down the driveway. Sticking her head into the living room, she waved goodbye. "I'm heading home. I'll see you next Sunday." She didn't even look at Brett as she quickly ducked out of the room.

She thought she'd made a clean break, but inside, five pairs of eyes turned to look at Brett. For a moment, he just stared at the doorway where Antonia had been, eyebrows raised in amazement. "Is she always this obtuse?" he asked them all.

All five heads nodded.

Brett shook his head then set his glass of brandy down on the bar. Without a word, he walked out to catch his elusive woman.

He found her on the front steps, watching a cab drive down the driveway. She was just about to step down, when he came to stand in front of her. "Are we going to do this the easy way or the hard way?" he asked, looking at her eyes to gauge her reaction.

"I don't know what you mean," she said, afraid to look at him, willing the cab to drive faster. "I'm just going home, please don't let me disrupt your evening."

Sighing heavily, he said, "Have it your way," then leaned down and picked her up, throwing her over his shoulder, then headed in the direction of his car.

The cab pulled up in front of the house and Brett handed the man a twentydollar bill saying, "Thanks, but the lady won't be needing a ride anymore."

Antonia saw the laughter on the cab driver's face as Brett turned around and placed her in the passenger seat of his car. Furious and embarrassed, she pushed open the door as soon as he started walking around the front to get in beside her. She marched towards the cab that was still sitting in front of the house, enjoying the scene.

But Brett wasn't going to let her get away with that. He simply came up behind her, threw her back over his shoulder and put her into the car again. This time, he locked the door so she couldn't get out.

Antonia sat there fuming. He sat down beside her n the driver's seat and started the powerful engine. Pulling away from the house, he waved to her family, all of whom were standing on the front steps. Her brothers waved back, huge grins on all their faces.

"I can't believe you did that to me," she said once they were on the highway. Antonia was livid. There didn't seem to be a time when Brett was around her family that she didn't end up humiliating herself.

"You did that to yourself," he said, deftly changing lanes.

Sputtering, she said, "How did I do that to myself? All I wanted was to go home. I had the means, you just decided it was the wrong one."

"Antonia," he said, trying to calm her down, "why didn't you just tell me you were ready to go home?"

"Because I didn't need to. I got there on my own, I can certainly get myself home," she said, raising her voice in frustration.

"By a cab? When there's no need? I'm perfectly happy to drive you home. Hell, I'll drive you anywhere you want if you'll just ask me," he told her. Antonia couldn't make him understand. He was exactly like her brothers. And it infuriated her.

As soon as they arrived at her building, she got out of the car and slammed the door. "Don't bother to see me up," she said, yelling at him from across the street.

"Turn on your living room light when you get upstairs," he said from the open window.

"No," she called back.

"Then I'll come up to make sure you get in ok," he said starting to get out of the car.

Turning around on the opposite side of the street, she faced him again, livid that she couldn't even walk into her apartment without him needing to be assured that she'd be ok. "Fine. I'll turn on the light if everything's ok. But if there's a burglar stealing my whicker baskets and gingham curtains, I'll be sure to leave the lights off so he can get away more easily."

Brett threw back his head and laughed. She had a point. But she had already disappeared into the building and up the stairs. He waited in his car until she turned on the light in her living room. Driving away, he continued to chuckle occasionally, remembering how sexy she was when she started yelling. She certainly had fire, he thought.

Antonia stomped around her apartment, turning on every light. She was so angry. She walked to the window to make sure he was gone, but she only caught sight of the black BMW driving down the street, his hand waiving to her from the open window.

Stomping back, she was now angry that he'd known she'd look out her window. Antonia looked around her. It was only nine o'clock, too early for her to go to bed since she wasn't tired at all. But she didn't know what else to do. She turned on the television, but nothing could subdue her anger. She'd read all the books in her apartment, but she searched the shelves, looking for something to re-read.

Nothing caught her eye. Storming into her bedroom, she changed into shorts and a worn out tee-shirt. She cleaned her apartment from top to bottom, scrubbing all the floors, cleaning cupboards and the refrigerator. It was one o'clock in the morning when she finally ran out of righteous anger. Sitting down on the sofa, yellow rubber gloves covering her hands and a steel wool bundle clenched in her left hand, she felt better. Her whole apartment smelled good and sparkled.

Thinking she was finally able to fall asleep, she showered and climbed into bed. But sleep wouldn't come. her thoughts. And questions. invited to dinner tonight? Was she the only one who thought it odd? As much as she tried to relax, Brett kept coming into What were her brothers up to? Why had Brett been

Antonia slept until the phone woke her the next morning at ten o'clock. It was her Aunt Marsha. "Want to come shopping with us this afternoon?" she asked, chipper and cheerful.

Antonia looked at the clock. She'd only slept for four hours. But she knew she wouldn't be able to get back to sleep. "I guess so. What time?" she asked.

"How about three o'clock? I gave the babysitter the morning off so I have Daniel."

Antonia groaned. "I'm sorry Aunt Marsha, I can't meet you that late. I have plans tonight," she said, pushing her hair out of the way.

Antonia could hear the smile when her aunt asked, "With who?"

Shaking her head, "Not with Brett Hancock," she said angrily.

"Why were you trying to take a cab home last night? You know your brothers would be happy to drive you anywhere. And Brett was right there. Why didn't you ask him to drive you home?"

Antonia sighed, wondering how her extended family had already heard about the cab debacle. Her Aunt Marsha was an old school wife. She believed the husband should make the money and the wife should take care of the house and children. She had never understood Antonia's desire to be independent. "Because I didn't want to disrupt anyone. I seemed to be the only one who was ready to leave, so I just arranged to leave." She didn't go into further explanation. Marsha wouldn't understand anymore than her brothers, or Brett for that matter. The women in her family believed that there was a definite division of labor. And when they wanted to leave, they simply said so. Their husbands all obliged them whenever possible.

"Well, if you change your mind about this afternoon, give me a call."

Antonia thanked her and hung up the phone. She laid in her bed for a few more minutes, wondering if she could get back to sleep again. But she knew it was useless. Her mind was already working out all the things she needed to do today, including going to the library and researching some information from a magazine.

So she pulled herself out of bed, showered and changed into a pair of jeans, adding a sweater because it looked colder outside. March in Washington was one of those times when it could be snowing one day, and sixty-five degrees the next.

Chapter 6

She found most of the information she needed in the Library of Congress. She was interested in buying some stock in a new company that was having its initial public offering in a week. After digging in several books and trade journals, she finally had a good idea of what this company produced, its financial history as well as its potential earnings.

The day went by quickly and, too soon, she had to head over to Cesar's. She was the last one there so she had to hurry in order to get into her costume. Mike was in a good mood so far tonight, which was usually a good sign for the rest of the evening but not a guarantee.

Georgette and Monica stood at the bar, waiting for the first customers to walk in. Antonia walked up to them, pulling at her costume and wished, not for the first time, that they weren't so low in the front.

"Honey, you're going to rip that thing if you don't stop. Accept the fact that its not going to stay any higher and enjoy it," Georgette laughed.

Monica laughed as well. "No, Antonia will never accept it," she said, hitting Antonia's arm with her tail. "But then, she's the only one who can handle the men, so I don't know what she's worried about."

Antonia, trying to get into the mood, slapped Monica and Georgette with her stuffed tail. "I just wish they'd listen when I said no."

"So why say it? You get gorgeous hunk after dazzling stud in here at your station. Why not accept what they have to offer? You can always walk away if you don't like the meal," Monica said, only half joking.

Ignoring the comments since she'd already heard them before, Antonia tried to change the subject. "What stations do we have tonight?" Antonia asked, leaning forward to check out the schedule taped to the back of the bar and ignoring their comments.

"You have the front again," Monica replied.

The front of Cesar's was the best station to have in some cases, the worst in others. It filled up first and cleared out last and it was the farthest away from the bar. But the tips were usually better due to the higher turnover in customers. Usually Antonia didn't mind. She liked the extra money and since she'd missed Saturday night, she still had a little ways to go before she made up the difference.

Just as she turned around, the first customers arrived and Antonia grabbed a bar tray and headed over, making sure her mask was in place.

The evening was in full swing by eight o'clock. All the tables were full and the bar was crowded with mostly men sitting and discussing their day or organizing tomorrow's. Antonia was heading back to the bar for yet another round of drinks for a corner table, thinking that they'd had enough already and she might want to get Mike to order them a cab or a limousine for their ride home. Cesar's always paid for a cab or limousine, depending on the customer, when anyone became too drunk to drive home. They didn't want to insult their customers, but they didn't want them to be hurt, or worse, trying to get home.

She grabbed their drinks from Mick, then headed towards the kitchen to pick up an appetizer order. She was just about to head back in when she spotted Mike and decided to give him a heads up on the problem table.

"Mike, could you make a table call to twenty seven. They might need some help getting home but I'm not sure yet," she said, balancing the plate and the drinks on opposite hands.

Mike looked over at the table that was becoming a little loud and nodded his head. "Sure. Next time they order a round, let me know. I'll check it out," he said and headed in their direction as slowly as possible, making it seem that he was working the floor instead of heading directly towards them.

Antonia delivered their drinks, then strolled around her station, checking to see if anyone needed a refill. The night was going extremely well. She was just about to turn around and head for the bar again to take a small break when a new set of customers arrived at her only empty table.

So instead of a break, she picked up some napkins and headed for the gentlemen just sitting down.

Putting on her brightest smile, she placed a napkin in front of each man. "What would you like from the bar?" she asked.

And then she turned to the man on her right and froze. It was Brett. He was looking at the menu for an appetizer so he didn't look up, but Antonia could barely hear what he ordered due to the blood ringing in her ears.

Thankfully, the others at his table kept his attention away from her so she was able to take his drink order and move away quickly, without him noticing who she was. The mask wouldn't be much help to her in this situation, she suspected.

As soon as she had all their drink and food orders, she turned away and walked towards the kitchen, not stopping for anything.

Once in the kitchen, she leaned against a metal shelf, taking deep breaths in order to calm down. The fear was so strong, she could taste it. If Brett realized who she was, there would be no way to stop him from telling her brothers. She'd be finished here.

Georgette and Monica came in after her and rushed over to her. "Honey, what's wrong?" Monica asked.

Antonia looked up at them, the fear in her eyes. "I'm sorry to ask this, but could either of you take over my station? There's a man out there that cannot recognize me."

Monica nodded her head, seriously concerned over her friend. "Sure, we can switch. I'm way in the back so whoever's at your table probably won't see you."

"Who is it?" Georgette asked, peering out the kitchen window.

"The tall man with the dark blond hair. He has his back to us."

Monica gasped. "Do you know who that is?" she exclaimed. "It's not fair that you had him at your station twice."

Antonia looked up. "Twice?" she asked.

"Yeah. Don't you remember? In fact, you came back here that time as well."

Antonia hadn't realized at the time that Brett was there that night. All she'd known was that Sal was sitting at her table, oblivious to his little sister dressed in a skimpy cat costume serving him drinks. "No!" she said.

"Sweetie, who did you think it was?"

"I thought you were talking about someone else at the table," Antonia said evasively.

"There was the other gorgeous guy, Attraculo or something, which I've heard is a real dish, but that's Brett Hancock," Monica said pointing behind her in the general direction of the front station as if Antonia didn't know.

Antonia was having trouble breathing. What was she going to do? "Monica, please, put in their order and take my station. I don't know what I'm going to do, but somehow, I'll get through tonight. I'll talk to Mike. Don't worry about him."

Monica and Georgette filed out of the kitchen and Antonia pulled herself together. She carefully walked out a few minutes later, making sure to keep her back to Brett's table.

Antonia walked around Monica's station, checking drinks and food. She put in some orders, cleared away plates and changed ash trays, all the while, keeping one eye on Brett in the front.

Mike came up to her and asked her to meet him in his office. Groaning to herself, Antonia looked around to make sure everyone was ok, then followed Mike into the back.

She closed the door, waiting for the explosion.

"What's going on?" he said calmly.

Antonia looked at him again. Was this the Mike that went on a rage regularly? She didn't want to press her luck, so as nicely as possible, she explained the situation to him. "Um, well, there's a man sitting in my station that I'd like to avoid."

"You have a mask on. He won't recognize you," he said.

Antonia's gloved hand went to her black mask. "Yes, but I really don't want to take any chances."

Mike nodded. "So, because of one man, who may or may not recognize who you are, you're willing to ignore the rest of your customers."

Antonia started to explain again, but Mike interrupted her. "Do you have any idea why you always get the prime stations and the customers who tip the most?" he asked.

Antonia hadn't realized that this was the case. She shook her head. "Two reasons. Number one, you're the best waitress. You pay attention to your customers without being invasive. Number two, only you and Georgette don't date the customers. Monica and the others, they think of this place as a dating service. You're more professional." That was the first time she'd ever heard Mike make a compliment. She was a bit stunned.

Antonia didn't consider herself very professional when she was standing in front of her boss in a cat costume. "Mike, I don't think you understand. I come from an old-fashioned Italian family. If that man recognizes me, he'll tell my brothers and they'll force me to quit." She didn't mention that if she didn't quit, she'd be fired for some reason due to one word from Sal or one of the others.

Mike considered her words for a moment. "This is the last time," he warned. "I'm not allowing you to switch stations just because someone comes in that you know. The customers realize what's going on, even though they don't know names."

"How on earth can they tell one cat from another?" she asked. "They aren't looking at anything that can be recognizable."

Mike kept his eyes on her face. But he knew that Antonia had a different figure from the other waitresses. Beyond that, she had a different walk, a different smile and a different personality. "They know," was all he said.

"Okay, okay, they know," she said, throwing up her hands in frustration. "But please, just tonight. I promise it won't happen again."

Mike nodded. "Fine. But this is the last time," he repeated. "Get back out on the floor," he said, pointing his finger at her. "But don't slack off. And if Monica becomes too friendly, you're back up front. He's too important to insult," Mike said.

Antonia walked back out to the floor, taking a quick look in the direction of Brett's table. He was in deep conversation with his colleagues so she was safe for the moment. She moved back to Monica's station and continued serving drinks and clearing tables. But she was a little more firm about the men flirting with her than she usually was.

It seemed as if Brett was never going to leave. Her tables had turned over twice when she saw him hand his parking ticket to Monica to have his car brought around. She noticed that Monica said something to him which made all the men laugh. Antonia saw green when she saw Monica's gloved hand rest on Brett's shoulder, but she turned around and ignored it.

Monica walked back to Antonia and whispered in her ear. "They're leaving. We can switch back now," she said.

Antonia looked over to the empty table and breathed a sigh of relief. They were definitely gone. She felt her whole body relax. Turning to Monica, the jealousy vanished now that he was out of here and away from Monica's clinging hands. "Thanks. I definitely owe you one."

"No way, hon. That man's gorgeous. I don't know what's going on between the two of you, but I'll take his table any day. I'd love to get my hands on him," she said.

Antonia was furious. But she kept her mouth shut. She turned on her heel and walked away. Somehow, she'd figure out a way to keep Monica's hands far away from him.

Antonia was picking up the glasses from the table Brett and his friends had just vacated to take them to the bar to be cleaned. She was bending over and didn't see Brett come up behind her.

"Excuse me," he said and reached for his coat which had been left on the back of his chair.

Antonia stood up straight, panicking. And in her panic, she looked straight into his eyes.

For a moment, Brett didn't recognize her. He just stared at her eyes for a long moment.

That's when Antonia snapped out of her trance. Jumping, she turned away quickly and headed towards the bar. In one mirror, she looked back and noticed that he was still standing there, exactly as she'd left him.

Antonia stood at the bar shaking. Had he recognized her? What was he doing? There wasn't a way to turn around and find out. So she stood at the bar, gripping the wood of the counter as her knuckles turned white.

She almost jumped out of her skin when he sidled up beside her. "You have great legs," he said softly.

Antonia, not sure if he recognized her, just stood there, her face staring down at the bar counter.

"Have I mentioned how lovely your breasts are?" he said next, tossing a nut into his mouth.

At first, she felt a wave of jealously come over her. How dare he talk to her one night about how they were going to see a lot more of each other, then the next night flirt with an unknown woman in a bar. Then another thought struck her. A much worse thought. And her face drained of color. She gasped, turning to face him. He knew! He had to know.

"I'm going to walk downstairs to the front and wait in my car. I'm leaving this coat here for you. If you're not down there in three minutes, covered with this coat, I'm going to come back and get you," he said softly.

Still looking at the mirror behind the bar, he waited a moment for effect before saying, "Antonia, please don't make me come back up here and get you," he said, more softly.

Antonia could only nod her head. She couldn't say anything else. She could barely swallow but that didn't matter because her throat was bone dry from fear.

Brett laid the trench coat on the bar counter, then turned and walked away.

As soon as he left, Monica and Georgette came up and stood on opposite sides of her. "What happened?" Monica asked, worried.

Antonia took a moment to speak. "I've been found out. He's expecting me downstairs. I have to go," she said.

"Don't be silly," Georgette said. "He can't control you. What's he going to do? Get you fired? I don't think so."

Antonia nodded her head, fighting back the tears. "Remember the last time you took my station?" she asked Georgette.

The other woman nodded. "Well, it was because my brother was sitting at one of my tables. My real name is Antonia Attracelli."

There was a pregnant pause before Monica exclaimed, "You're kidding, right?"

Antonia shook her head, wishing it wasn't true.

Monica's stunned expression spoke volumes. "You're related to the Attracelli family?" Her tone indicated that she was hurt.

Antonia nodded. She was ashamed that she'd lied to her friends for so long. Well, she hadn't exactly lied, but she'd omitted a great deal.

"So, if my brothers want me fired, I'm fired," she explained.

She pushed away from the bar and took the coat. "I have to go now. He's waiting for me."

"Honey, you don't have to go. Just stand up to them," Monica said.

Antonia shook her head, wiping a tear away. "I can't. That would just make everything worse. I'll call Mike tomorrow," Antonia said, her voice shaking. She pulled the coat over her shoulders and went to her locker to get her purse. She left her bag of clothes there, she didn't want to take the time. Her three minutes were over so she had to hurry.

The elevator opened and Antonia stepped out into the white, marble lobby of the building. It was strange to leave the club from this exit. She was so used to the back of the building that she'd never thought about the splendor of the lobby. She didn't give the white marble decor much thought tonight though because right in front of the revolving doors was Brent, leaning against his car, arms crossed over his chest.

When she came through the brass-lined, revolving doors, he stood up and opened the passenger door for her, then waited, watching her walk towards him.

Antonia stepped into the car, then flinched when he slammed the door once she was seated inside.

Brett pulled away from the curb and merged into the traffic easily. He drove to her apartment without saying a word.

Antonia didn't say anything when he followed her up to her apartment. Thankfully, the elevators had been repaired that day, so she didn't have the five flights of stairs to deal with tonight. She unlocked the door and walked inside.

"How long?" he asked as soon as the door was closed.

"Four years," she said, not pretending that she didn't understand the question.

Brett nodded. "I suppose your brothers don't know anything about this?" he asked.

Antonia turned away from him and stared out the balcony door. "No."

"Why not? You don't think they'll approve?" he asked angrily.

She didn't answer him. "Antonia, what were you thinking?"

Turning to him, she said, "I was thinking that I wanted to make a living. I was thinking that this was the only job that I could make enough money off of and still invest more than I live on. I was thinking that I was a grown woman, able to make my own choices," she said, her voice rising as she started becoming angry herself.

"So you parade around in a cat suit?" he said, her anger fueling his.

"I didn't see you complaining about the other women. In fact, I think you enjoyed the sight of Monica parading in front of you, bending over to serve your drinks. I think you enjoyed it a lot."

"Take it off!" he said through gritted teeth.

"What?!" she exclaimed. "I'm not taking anything off!"

"Antonia, take off that ridiculous costume or else!" he said taking a step towards her.

"Or else what?" she challenged.

"Or else I'll take it off for you," he said, taking another step towards her.

"No way. Stay away from me," she said and tied the sash on his trench coat.

Brett shook his head, then shrugged his shoulders and moved forward. With barely any effort at all, he had his trench coat off her and threw it to the floor. He then twirled her around and unzipped the back of her costume.

"Brett, stop it," Antonia gasped, holding up the front of her costume.

He didn't listen to her, he just spun her around and started taking the pins out of her hair that held it all in place on top of her head. Her hands were ineffectual at stopping him. After a moment, he stopped and looked at her. That's when it hit him. She was standing there, looking sexier than any woman had a right to look, holding the front of her cat costume to her chest, her tail over one arm to keep it away from her legs and her gloves sliding down her arms.

Antonia saw the change in his eyes and she backed away from him, more frightened of the desire than of the anger of a moment before.

"Stay away from me," she said, pulling the satin costume tighter to her chest.

"You don't really want me to stay away," he said with a husky voice.

Antonia could feel the stirrings in her body from his hands on her back when he'd unzipped her costume. But she wouldn't admit it to him. "Brett, please, just leave me alone," she pleaded softly.

"I wish I could," he said and put his hands on her waist. "But you're driving me crazy." he said and picked her up to carry her to her bedroom. "You ruin my sleep, I miss meetings because I'm with you, and even those I'm in, I don't know what anyone's saying because I can't get you out of my head," he said as he laid her on top of the quilt he remembered so well from the last time he was in her bedroom.

Those were the last words she heard before his head bent and took her mouth with his. Antonia's hands had been holding up the front of her costume. But she forgot about holding it at the first touch of his mouth against hers. She lifted her arms to wrap them around his neck, glorying in the feel of his lips.

The phone rang at that moment and Brett lifted it up. "She'll call you back tomorrow," he said and hung up the phone.

Antonia was lost in a sea of passion. Brett pushed her costume down and it fell silently to the floor. His hands held her breasts, loving the way they fit in his palms. He rubbed each nipple with a thumb, her cries of delight only inflamed his passion. Pushing her back onto the bed, he pulled her stockings off, glad that they weren't thigh highs this time. The sheerness of the present stockings drove him crazy enough.

He was delighted that she wasn't wearing a bra, the costume was form fitting enough to provide the needed support. But he saw the red lines along her stomach where the wire of her costume made imprints on her skin and he kissed them, easing the pressure.

Antonia didn't know what to do. She was mindless with the pleasure his hands were making her feel. She grabbed his head when he moved lower, easing him up so she could kiss him again. She wanted him so much she was in pain.

Brett kissed her while he tore off his shirt, wanting to feel her hands on his skin. Several buttons popped off before he was able to throw it and his tie to the floor. Once he was free of his shirt, he took her hands and placed them on his chest, instinctively knowing she'd be too shy to do it herself.

But as soon as he gave her permission to touch him, she couldn't stop. Her hands moved everywhere, watching the play of muscles along his shoulders and arms, along his stomach where the ridges disappeared beneath his belt.

"Please," she said, looking into his eyes.

Brett pushed against the bed to stand up and discarded his pants, then joined her on the mattress again. As soon as their bodies entwined, he knew he wouldn't' be able to take her hands touching him much longer. So he took each of her hands and captured them gently over her head.

Antonia writhed beneath him. He was kissing her everywhere. She wanted to touch him just as he was doing to her, but he wouldn't let her. She closed her eyes, hoping to block out the pain and pleasure he was producing by his simple touch, but she couldn't.

"Please," she cried, tears slipping down the side of her face. "I can't take much more, Brett."

Brett, more than ready for her, came over her and spread her legs, shaking his head to get control. But then he looked down at her gorgeous body. And the thought came to him that she was finally his.

He entered her slowly, gently. But she didn't want that. She increased the tempo, needing all of him.

Almost instantly, Antonia felt an orgasm sweep over her. She'd never experienced this before and her eyes, wide with fear and confusion, looked up into his.

"Go with it, let it happen," Brett said, beads of sweat forming on his forehead.

Antonia couldn't help it, she slipped over the edge into paradise, moaning in pleasure as wave after wave hit her, arching her body.

Antonia wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to hang on to the only thing in her universe. And that simple act sent Brett over the edge to his own climax.

Collapsing on top of her, he couldn't believe what had just happened. Pulling her on top of him so he didn't crush her, Brett pulled her head down to his chest, trying to catch his breath.

Antonia moved slightly, trying to see his face. He pushed her hair back as she lifted her head up. "I'm sorry," he said.

Antonia laughed. "For what?" she asked.

"I wanted our first time together to be slow and wonderful. Not over with so quickly."

Antonia laughed again, propping her head up on his chest. "I thought that was pretty wonderful. I'm sorry you were disappointed."

Brett couldn't let her get away with that. He rolled her over so she was beneath him again. Kissing her on the neck, he laughed, "I know you're not laughing at me," he said, one hand cupping her breast.

Brett looked up when she gasped, her eyes wide as she looked at him again. "Hmm. That's interesting," he said, and the whirlwind started again for both of them.

Antonia heard the pounding at the door, but ignored it, assuming that someone must be moving into an apartment down the hall and their furniture was hitting her door. No one would dare pound on her door at this hour of the morning, she thought.

But Brett noticed it as well. Disentangling himself from her arms and legs, he pulled on his slacks from the night before, then padded barefoot to the door to get rid of whomever was there, intending to go back and make love to Antonia again before he went into the office, smiling at the thought.

He didn't bother to look through the peep hole, but opened it and tried to focus on whoever was banging on the door.

If he'd been more awake, he might have avoided the right punch that came from Sal Attracelli, knocking him back and into the sofa.

Brett shook his head and focused. Then wished he hadn't. Because all five of Antonia's brothers were standing in her hallway. And all of them looked like they wanted to take a swing at him as well.

It didn't help that the noise of Brett falling against the sofa woke up Antonia who came to find out what all the commotion was, wrapped only in a sheet, her hair mussed as only lovemaking can accomplish.

That's what Sal saw as he stood in Antonia's doorway.

"Sal! What are you doing here?" she demanded, rushing over to Brett who was propping himself up on the sofa, not willing to get up and make a better target for the rest of her brothers.

"Leave him alone, Antonia," Sal warned, his hands clenching at his side.

"What are you talking about? You just hit him!" she said, stooping down to check out Brett's chin. "Are you ok?" she asked, putting a gentle hand to the swelling already appearing.

Brett put a protective arm around her back, trying to keep her safe from whatever might happen between him and her brothers. "I'm fine. Maybe you'd better go back into the bedroom," he said, his voice gentle as he kept an eye on the five angry men standing in her hallway.

"Get your hands off her, Hancock," Michael said ferociously.

"Get into your bedroom, Antonia," Sal said, equally ominous.

Antonia looked up at her brothers. "I will not go into my bedroom. You will get out of my apartment and leave us alone right now," she said, then ignored them, turning back to Brett to help him to his feet.

Brett finally got up, chuckling at this tiny woman trying to protect him from her five, huge brothers. The idea was ludicrous, but he appreciated her efforts. "Why don't you go get some clothes on? Your brothers and I have some things to discuss."

Antonia looked from Brett and back to her brothers. "Are you sure?" she asked.

Brett chuckled again. "I'm sure," he said.

"Ok," she said, reluctantly moving back into her bedroom, pulling the sheet behind her.

Brett watched after her, appreciating the soft sway of her hips and the shapely curve of her back exposed by the sheet.

As soon as the door closed, he resignedly turned back to her five, furious brothers. "Well, I guess we have some planning to do," he said.

Thomas, being the calmest of the group, spoke up. "How are you going to convince her?" he asked, immediately understanding Brett's meaning.

"She'll do it. Don't worry," he said, his expression grim but determined as he crossed his arms over his chest.

"It will be done right," Sal warned, still trying to calm down after confirmation that this man had slept with his baby sister.

"I couldn't agree more. I don't want her claiming ignorance later on," Brett said, and all five men laughed.

Changed into a pair of jeans and the first tee-shirt she could find, Antonia opened the bedroom door and walked out, wondering why they weren't fighting. Everything was way too quiet. "What's going on?" she asked, handing Brett his shirt.

"Pick a day, Antonia," Sal said, his hands resting on his hips as if he were preparing himself for a fight.

Antonia looked from Brett to each of her brothers. All of them had the same intractable expression on their faces. "Why?" she asked suspiciously.

"Because you're getting married," Sal said, his stance easing slightly when he noticed her wary expression.

She didn't understand for a long moment. She glanced from Brett, to Sal, then each of her brothers as she tried to figure out the meaning of his last sentence. Then his words hit her and Antonia felt like cold water had just been thrown on her. "I am not," she said indignantly, taking a step back.

All five of her brothers turned to Brett. He was still buttoning his shirt, but he walked over to her, leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Do you trust me?" he asked quietly, turning her so that she couldn't see past him to her angry brothers.

"No," she said, her eyebrows drawn together in anger at the idea. She wanted to step out of his embrace, because his closeness was turning her mind to mush. If her brothers hadn't been standing in her hallway looking menacing....

Brett only chuckled. "Yes, you do." He leaned down to kiss her swollen lips, evidence of their night of lovemaking. "I'm asking you to trust me for the next few minutes and I promise everything will be ok," he said.

Antonia shook her head. Trust a man? Never! Trust meant releasing her control and she was not going to do that willingly. Brett leaned down closer and whispered again in her ear.

After listening for a moment, she pulled away, refusing to listen to any more of his words. "That's cheating," she exclaimed, furious with him and her brothers. But more so with herself. How could she be caught in her own web? Why had everything backfired on her? Brett was willing to blackmail her into cooperating. If she didn't follow his instructions, he'd tell her brothers where she worked.

"Perhaps," Brett agreed. "What day would you like to be married on?" he asked, handing her the calendar from the wall.

"You can't be serious," she said, feeling ridiculous as she stood in the middle of her living room holding a calendar and pleading with Brett not to marry her.

"I'm serious. I'm sorry, but this is probably the only way I'll ever get you to the alter," he said, assuming an identical stance as all her brothers, but with more arrogance and more determination.

Antonia turned red when she heard her brothers laugh, agreeing with him.

"I can't believe this is happening to me," she said, throwing her arms up in the air and walking around her apartment. "This just isn't possible. It's too archaic." Turning to her brothers, she pleaded, "Why are you doing this to me? I can take care of myself, I promise. I've been doing it for years."

Sal shook his head. "Pick a date or it will be chosen for you, Antonia," he said.

Another slap in the face. Antonia couldn't believe it. She was being forced to marry. It was too unbelievable. She looked down at the calendar but her eyes wouldn't focus because of the tears swimming there. She turned page after page, going forward six months, hoping to gain enough time to convince Brett to let this drop. "This is ridiculous. We slept together. There's no law that says we have to get married."

"There is in our family and when it's our sister," Giuseppe said, his voice growling over four other grunts of approval.

Brett shook his head and took the calendar away from her. "How about May twenty-fourth," he said, choosing the first Saturday he saw.

"That's only three month's away!" she said, shocked that he would suggest anything that close.

Her brothers all nodded their heads in agreement. "Sounds good to me," Sal said.

"I guess we'd better tell the aunts to start organizing. They have a lot to do in three months," Michael said. The others all nodded in agreement again.

Antonia sat down on the sofa. "We'll just do it at the justice of the peace. There's no use going to all the trouble of a formal wedding."

Brett shook his head. Turning to her brothers, he said, "Send all the bills to me. And tell your aunts to go all out."

Brett walked into her bedroom and picked up the rest of his clothes. Once fully dressed, he came back out to the family room. "Will you be ok?" Brett asked. He wanted to lean over and kiss her, but he was sure she'd try to deck him.

Sighing at her belligerent expression, he stood up and turned to face her brothers. "Gentlemen, I think we have some calls to make," he said. The men moved out to the hallway. "Antonia, I'll pick you up at six for dinner," Brett said before pulling the door closed.

Once in the hallway with her door closed, the six men looked at each other. "I think that went well," Michael said, which started them all off laughing as they moved towards the stairs, the elevator being out of order again this morning.

An hour later, Antonia got up to answer another knock. Expecting one of her neighbors, she opened it, trying to pin a smile on her face.

But it was her Aunt Marsha and her cousins Jennifer, Belinda and Barbara. As soon as she opened the door, the four women pushed their way in, each giving her a hug as they entered and congratulating her on her engagement.

Her Aunt Marsha stood in the center of the room looking around. "This is gorgeous! I'm really impressed with what you've done here."

"I'm not very impressed with the elevator system," Jennifer said, dropping onto the sofa. "Couldn't you live on a lower floor?" she asked, and everyone laughed in agreement.

Belinda put an arm around Antonia's shoulders and handed her a box. "This is from Brett. He said we could deliver this one."

Antonia looked at the small, beautifully wrapped, silver box with a gold, organza ribbon tied in a bow. "What's this?"

"Obviously an engagement present. Open it, silly," Jennifer said, wriggling in delight.

Antonia opened it slowly, wondering what Brett could possible have arranged to give her in such a short time. Inside was a key on a key chain. "What's this for?" she asked, looking up.

"It's a key, silly." Antonia rolled her eyes, smiling with them, their enthusiasm was too contagious for her to ignore. "I know that. But what's it for?" she asked.

"Look outside," Marsha said.

Antonia opened the balcony door and all five women shuffled onto the tiny balcony. Looking down, Antonia saw her gift and gasped. Parked on the curb behind a white Mercedes that belonged to Aunt Marsha was a navy blue Porsche convertible with a tan leather, convertible top and a huge white bow on the windshield.

"Oh my," was all she could say.

"Isn't it gorgeous?" Jennifer giggled.

"I got to drive it over today," Belinda said, sighing with her pleasure. "Nice wheels."

Antonia could only stare. She didn't know what to say. It was so beautiful.

"I can't accept it," she finally said to no one in particular.

"What are you talking about?" Marsha said. "Of course you can accept it. It's from your fiance."

Antonia looked at the four women. They didn't understand and probably never would. They loved their husbands and couldn't imagine anyone not agreeing with them. The fact that Antonia wanted to make it on her own, just like her brothers, was a completely foreign idea to them.

"Why don't you go shower and change, then we'll be on our way," Jennifer suggested.

"Where are we going?" Antonia asked, too tired and confused to argue the point.

Belinda stared at her blankly. "To get your wedding dress, of course," she said as if it was the most obvious conclusion in the world.

Chapter 7

The four of them pushed a stunned Antonia into her bedroom and told her to shower and change. Antonia stood in the middle of her bedroom, realizing that she was quickly losing control of her life. Others were directing it, making sure she was playing her part, but ignoring her if she wasn't and just continuing with the play.

And she couldn't figure out how to gain control again. Like a robot, she showered, standing under the scalding hot water, hoping to come up with some way to get out of this insanity her life was becoming. But nothing occurred to her. She walked back into her bedroom and stood in front of her closet, wondering what one wore to pick out a wedding dress.

She was just about to reach for something that might be appropriate, but then changed her mind. Pulling out a black, short sleeved sweater and jeans, she added a plaid, tan, wool men's jacket she'd found at a consignment shop a few months ago. A pair of burgundy loafers and she checked her appearance in the mirror. Her sisters-in-law would be shocked that the debutante look was gone. But she liked her appearance. She felt much more like herself.

Walking out of her bedroom, she expected them to take one look at her outfit and suggest that she put on something prettier for shopping. But they were all sitting in her living room drinking tea and coffee, munching on cookies and discussing ideas for a large wedding.

When they saw her, they all stood up and moved to the kitchen to rinse out their cups. Not a single comment was made regarding her outfit. In fact, none of them even blinked or looked twice at her. Antonia didn't know what to make of their reaction. Or lack of one, she corrected.

"I'm riding shotgun with Antonia," Belinda called, and all the others laughed.

"Got your keys?" Jennifer said to Antonia, smiling her excitement over the snappy new car.

Antonia held up a set of keys for the various locks on her door.

"Not those keys," she said, laughing. "These!" she said and handed Antonia the keys to the Porsche.

"Hold on everyone. We can go shopping, but I'm not buying a wedding dress. And that's final!"

Belinda laughed. "Well, just humor us then, ok? We'd like to see what you look like in a big, formal wedding dress. It's in our nature to dream and plan functions so humor us, Okay?"

Antonia shook her head. "I don't think that's a very good idea." Marsha laughed. "Sure it is. You'll love dressing up in all those gorgeous gowns. But if we try doing it, the salespeople will get mad since we all have wedding rings. They'd know we were lying. You're our only hope."

Antonia dropped her keys in into the deep pockets of her jacket along with her wallet then followed them out the door, shaking her head in reaction to Marsha's pleading. "No way." But she followed the women out the door, eager to get a closer look at the Porsche.

Down on the street, Antonia stared at the little car. It was more impressive close up. She was itching to find out how it handled. But also a little afraid to accept such an extravagant gift from a man she wasn't going to marry, no matter what everyone said.

"Try it out," Belinda said, getting into the passenger seat.

"We'll meet you at La Tessa's," Marsha called as Jennifer and Barbara got into her car.

Antonia sat down in the soft leather seat, loving the texture and the fit. It was as if it was made for her. She moved the seat forward slightly then turned over the engine. It purred like a kitten. Antonia had never heard such a wonderful sound. Letting herself go for the moment, she decided to experience the car today. She would think of it as a sort of test drive, extended for the afternoon. "Got your seatbelt on?" Antonia asked, turning to Belinda with a huge smile on her face.

"You bet!" Belinda replied, excited at the prospect of riding in the fast looking car.

Antonia pulled out carefully enough, then tapped the accelerator slightly, springing the car into action as it sped down the street. Eager to test it out, Antonia drove onto the interstate and headed west out of the city. With the top down like this, it was just like her motorcycle with the mask up. She loved it!

She was flying down the highway, testing out the engine, seeing how fast she dared to drive it. The machine cornered and held to the road like nothing she'd ever experienced. Antonia was in love.

The sirens rose over her joyful laughter. Checking in her mirror, her fears were confirmed. She'd been nabbed. Antonia looked over at Belinda and both women laughed. Carefully, she pulled to the side of the road and waited for the police officer to come forward.

He took his time, making Antonia wait. She saw him talk on his radio a moment, then type up some information on a dashboard computer. He finally got out of the car and sauntered over to the driver's side, one hand covering his weapon.

"May I see your driver's license and registration please?" he asked politely, but it was more of an order than a request.

Antonia handed both to him, smiling brightly. "Is there a problem, Officer?" Antonia asked, pretending ignorance.

"I see you still have the thirty day tags on this vehicle, Ms. Attracelli."

"That's correct."

"When did you purchase this?" he asked.

"I didn't," she said. "It was a gift from a friend."

Belinda laughed. "Your fiance now," she corrected.

Antonia rolled her eyes. "Oh yeah."

"Who's the owner of the car?" he asked, turning the registration over to look at the back.

"I guess its still in Brett Hancock's name," Antonia surmised.

"Mr. Brett Hancock?" the officer asked, surprised. "Of Hancock Enterprises?"

"I think that's what he said," Antonia said, knowing where this was going.

"You mean you don't know where your fiance works?" he asked, his voice heavily laced with suspicion.

Uh,oh. She didn't like the sound of this. "Well, we haven't known each other for long. And we don't usually discuss business."

The officer eyed her suspiciously. "Would you mind getting out of the car, Ma'am?" he said, putting his hand back on his pistol.

Antonia didn't believe this. "What's wrong?" she asked, but she immediately got out of the car and stood next to him on the side of the highway. "Mr. Hancock is a large donor to the police officers' fund raising campaigns. I'd like to check this out. Please step away from the car," he asked.

Antonia and Belinda stepped out of the car, Belinda coming around to Antonia's side which was away from the traffic.

"I'm never going to live this down, am I?" Antonia asked.

Belinda just threw back her head and laughed. "Not on your life!" she said, throwing an arm around her.

Even Antonia thought it was hilarious. The officer walked back to his patrol car and spoke into his radio. After several minutes, he came back and handed Antonia her driver's license and registration.

"My apologies, Ms. Attracelli. Dispatch contacted Mr. Hancock and he was able to describe you. I'll let you off with a warning this time," he said, winking. "Mr. Hancock says the same thing."

The officer chuckled as he walked back to his patrol car, his shoulders shaking with his mirth.

"I'm sure this is just the thing to brighten his day," Antonia said.

"Mine too," Belinda said, walking back around the car.

"I don't suppose there's any way you could keep this to yourself," Antonia asked as she yanked the driver's side door open and sat back down in the seat.

"You're kidding, right?" Belinda said, laughing again as she got into the car.

"That's what I thought," Antonia sighed as she pulled back into traffic.

It took them another fifteen minutes to get back into the city and to the store where the others were waiting. Once inside, Belinda told the whole story, laughing along with everyone else as she did.

Since there was no way to convince them that she was not getting married, she resigned herself to the wedding dress ordeal. She didn't admit to anyone that seeing the lovely dresses and imagining herself in them, coming down the aisle to a waiting Brett was more inducement than anything to try on the dresses. The store owner was on hand for the fittings and was gently guiding Antonia into the dressing room. The five women went through dress after dress, holding them up to Antonia or themselves, trying to determine which was the best style.

She was stuffed into the first one. Once she was all buttoned up, laced up and pinned, she moved back to the show room. Just like at Saks, she stepped onto the platform and turned to see her reflection in the mirror.

Antonia was horrified. There was so much lace and beadwork on this dress that she was consumed by it. She was covered in lace from her neck to her wrists and waist, then the full skirt flared out with pearls embedded everywhere, falling down to a cathedral train behind her.

All four women saw Antonia's revulsion at her appearance and laughed. "I guess that's not your dream dress, huh?" Jennifer said.

Antonia didn't even respond. She simply went back into the dressing room and was stuffed into the next one.

It was just as horrible, but this one was the opposite. The beadwork was on the bodice, coming to a choker at her neck. The skirt was covered in lace that fell in layers to the floor. She felt like a Spanish dancer.

Three stores and twenty-three dresses later and Antonia called it quits. "I can't take anymore," Antonia held up her hands. "It's almost two o'clock. Please, feed me and then let's discuss something else."

Everyone agreed. They moved to the closest restaurant and ordered salads and fruit plates. Antonia couldn't do it. She was starving. Instead of a salad, she ordered a cheeseburger, medium rare with lots of French fries. She expected everyone to give her a lecture on eating properly, but when the waiter left, they launched into a discussion about flowers and colors, completely shocking Antonia yet again with their lack of a comment on her unladylike choices.

With everyone making suggestions, she had no idea what anyone was talking about. Belinda thought pink was the ideal color for a spring wedding. Marsha argued for something stronger and more creative, like a soft orange. Jennifer thought that was much too brassy for spring and should only be used during fall weddings. She suggested periwinkle. But Barbara said that too many weddings were being done in periwinkle now. She thought fuchsia was a nice change.

Their meals arrived and everyone dug into their salads except for Antonia who took a huge, fortifying bite out of her burger. It was exactly what she wanted. The juice dripped down her chin and onto her fingers. ketchup and mustard to both the burger and the fries. afternoon and since she hadn't eaten dinner last night and couldn't stomach food this morning, she was famished.

She concentrated on adding She felt exhausted from the

After having a lively argument over the use of colors, they turned to Antonia and waited for her opinion. Swallowing the huge bite of beef as quickly as possible, Antonia wondered what the appropriate response was at this moment.

"Sorry. I'm still going with the assertion that this wedding is not going to happen," Antonia explained.

All four women laughed.

"I'm not sure you understand how insistent Brett is about all this," Marsha explained. "Father Bruno has already placed the bans, the church is reserved, Sal suggested that we have the reception at the house. I think a buffet dinner by the pool would be perfect, followed by a formal dance in the ballroom afterwards. What do you think?"

Antonia stopped listening after she heard that the church was already reserved. "Who reserved the church?"

Jennifer laughed. "Brett did. He called first thing this morning," she said.

Antonia groaned pulled her burger closer, taking another fortifying bite. Things were happening too fast. Why wasn't anyone asking her opinion about these things? Well, to be honest, they were asking her opinion. She just couldn't deal with the decisions.

Why in the world did Brett want to marry her? Surely there was a logical explanation for all this. An explanation besides sex, she told herself. seem like the type to fall into marriage just for mind-blowing sex. conversation drift along around her as she finished her burger and most of her French fries, going over possible reasons in her mind. Each one, she discarded as too silly or not really fitting into Brett's personality, or what she knew of it.

Brett didn't She let the

"We'd better get out of here," Belinda said. "Antonia's got to get ready for her night with Brett."

"What's going on tonight?" Antonia asked, suspicious about the secret looks the four of them were giving each other.

"You'll find out," Jennifer said. "I think there's something waiting for you at the house," Jennifer said.

"I'm not going back to the house. In fact, I have to call Mike, my boss, and make sure I still have a job."

Marsha shook her head sadly. "There's no need to call. You've been terminated."

Antonia fell back into her chair. "Why?"

Marsha's eyes widened, as if Antonia should already know the answer to that question. "Officially, for lying on your application, Ms. Mazzuchelli," Marsha said. "Unofficially, because your fiance thought it wasn't appropriate. What that means, I have no idea. But that's what we were told."

After a moment of silence, Jennifer ventured, "Are you going to tell us?" she asked hopefully.

Antonia shook her head. "No. I'm not," she said. Then a thought struck her. "I guess my stuff has all been moved out of my apartment by now?" she asked, not believing how much of a sucker she was.

"Of course. Your clothes are at Sal's house. Your furniture is at Brett's."

"Why is my furniture at Brett's house?" she asked, feeling the noose tighten.

The four women looked confused. "Well, that's where you'll be living, silly."

"It's a gorgeous house," Jennifer said gently, trying to ease the tension.

Antonia stood up. "Here," she said, throwing the keys to the Porsche onto the table. "I won't be needing these." She ignored the four blank stares as she walked out of the restaurant. She was too angry and frustrated to care about their confusion.

With that, she left. Running, she was able to catch the bus stopping at the opposite corner. It would take her within a few blocks of Cesar's. She could walk the rest of the way.

She got there just as Monica and Clara were walking in. They were surprised, but delighted to see Antonia.

"What are you doing here?" Monica asked. "You just disappeared last night. We were all worried about you," she said, hugging Antonia fiercely.

Antonia explained about Brett and how he didn't approve of her career choice.

"He likes coming here, but he doesn't like his girlfriend working here?" Amber said, stating Brett's hypocrisy precisely.

"That about sums it up," Antonia said, not correcting Amber's mistaken assumption about her relationship with Brett. Partly because she didn't believe it.

They rode up in the elevator together, Monica asking what Antonia planned to do.

"I think I've been fired. I put down my mother's maiden name on my application so I wouldn't be associated with the Attracelli family. Its called misrepresentation or something," Antonia said.

"No one cares what your name is here," Clara said, disgusted. "All they care about is how you look in the costume."

Monica laughed, but was in complete agreement.

"I know," Antonia said. "But they can make that stick. I guess I'm here just to pick up my bag that I left last night and anything else in my locker."

Georgette came up behind them. "When will we see you again?"

Antonia was close to tears. She had to get out of here or lose it completely. "I'll call you guys. We'll have lunch and I'll fill you in on everything that's been happening."

Mike came up behind her and handed her an envelope. "I know its messed up, but here it is. Could you mail back the costume?" he said and walked away quickly.

"What's that?" Amber asked.

Antonia stared down at the plain white envelope. "I think it's my final paycheck."

Instead of standing there feeling sorry for herself, she quickly went to the locker room and cleaned out her locker. There wasn't much in there except for the items she'd left last night.

She took one last look at the room, then waved goodbye to everyone standing in a sad group by the front of the bar. Antonia left by the back exit.

She started up her motorcycle that was thankfully still parked behind the building where she'd left it last night. Pushing her helmet down onto her head she flew down the road, trying not to think about anything. She kept her face mask down, not wanting to be pulled over twice in one day. Besides, it was now rush hour traffic and the fumes were pretty strong.

She drove over to her apartment, grateful that the elevator had been fixed this afternoon. But none of her keys fit into the lock. Mrs. Winkler came out when she heard Antonia trying to use her keys.

this afternoon. bag you keep.

"Congratulations," she said, handing her a box of cookies. "I baked these I ran out of sugar, but the men moving your furniture handed me the I know you kept it on hand just for me, don't you?" she asked, a tear

forming in her eye.

Antonia nodded, holding back the tears as she accepted the box. "Thank you. I'll miss you," Antonia said, impulsively hugging the tiny, elderly lady. "Be careful and take care of yourself, Mrs. Winkler."

Antonia rushed back out the door, stuffing the cookies into her backpack. Changing directions, she sped towards her brother's house. She was so angry that he'd taken over her life like this she could barely think.

She arrived twenty minutes later and slammed the front door behind her.

Finding her brother in the library, she tried to control her anger. But it was useless. "How could you do this to me?" she demanded.

"Do what?" he said, pouring vermouth into a martini mixer.

"Move me out of my apartment and change the locks, get me fired from my job, and worst of all, help orchestrate a wedding that I don't want."

"Did I do this all in one day?" he asked calmly. Too calmly.

"I guess so. I'm not sure when this day started and ended," she said, putting her hands on her head. "I can't believe this is happening to me. It cannot be real."

Sal poured two drinks, picked them both up and handed one to the man standing directly behind Antonia.

"I think I'm the culprit," Brett said.

Whirling to face him at the first sound of his voice, "Why?" she asked.

"How's the car?" he asked, hiding his laughter behind his martini glass. "Don't bring that up again. Not ever!" she said, pointing her finger at him.

Brett just threw back his head and laughed. "Antonia, it's gratifying that you like your engagement present. I just wish it took you longer than fifteen minutes before your first run in with the police."

"This isn't funny. This whole situation is completely outrageous. Everyone is trying to control my life and I'm not going to stand for it. I will not be manipulated in this way," she said, walking over to the bar and took a beer out of the small refrigerator behind the counter. She didn't even bother to pour it into a glass after opening it. She just took a long, defiant swallow.

Brett stood up and came to stand in front of her. "In what way?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.

"In what way am I not being manipulated? I've been terminated from my job, my apartment has been cleaned out and my lease terminated, and everyone is planning a wedding that I haven't even agreed to," she said, twirling around, her hair flying out behind her. "How can anyone say that my life is my own?"

Brett raised one, dark eyebrow, "I think you did agree to the wedding. Has it slipped your mind so quickly?" he asked, reminding her of his whispered promise this morning.

Antonia looked at Sal who was just sitting in his chair sipping his martini. Suddenly, he stood up and announced that he had dinner plans. "I'll see you tomorrow morning, Antonia. Its good to have you home," he said and walked out of the library. A moment later, she heard the front door open and close.

After a moment of silence, Brett looked at her and smiled, "We're alone."

Too afraid of being unchaperoned with him, Antonia pretended to ignore him by turning around and going upstairs. But he followed her. "What's wrong? Mad about being outsmarted?" he asked, sitting down on her bed as soon as they entered her bedroom.

"I haven't been outsmarted. Not yet," she said, digging through a drawer. She finally found what she was looking for. A bathing suit she hadn't worn in years. "If I have to stay here for a while, I might as well enjoy the small luxuries," she said, holding up the bathing suit.

"What luxuries are you taking advantage of?" he called to her through the closed door of the bathroom.

"There's a hot tub and sauna downstairs. And you aren't invited to join me," she said.

"I know. I don't think that would be a good idea either. You in a bathing suit and me in nothing, steaming water. Bad combination," he called out.

In the bathroom, Antonia closed her eyes. But the image of being in the hot tub with him wouldn't leave her mind, the pulsating jets massaging tense muscles while the water worked its own magic.

His next words broke her out of her seductive mood.

"I'll need you to be ready on Friday night. There's a party at the Ritz for some visiting scientists."

"What? Why do you need me there?" she asked, stepping out of the bathroom attached to her old room, wondering if he was going crazy.

"Because you're my date from now on," he said, pushing off the bed and coming to stand directly in front of her. "You look gorgeous in that bathing suit," he said, one finger trailing along the top edge of the fabric.

Antonia's breath instantly caught in her throat and her breasts, which were aching for his touch, seemed to swell towards his hand. "Don't do that," she said, wishing she could step back out of his reach. But her feet wouldn't obey her brain's commands.

"Why?"

"Because I don't want you to," she replied, but her eyes closed as his fingers trailed down her stomach lightly.

"Explain why you're so against this wedding," he said, stepping away from her.

It took a few moments for her mind to clear. But she realized he wanted a serious conversation. She tried to accommodate him. "Except for the past four years, I've lived my whole life dominated by strong men. First my father, then my brothers. And now you're trying to take control."

"I'm not trying to take control, Antonia. I'm trying to make you understand that we were meant to be together. If you weren't so stubborn, you'd realize that and accept the inevitable."

Antonia grabbed his drink and took a long sip. "I disagree." He took the drink back before she could finish it off. "That's because you're just being stubborn. Which is fine."

"It is?" she asked at the doorway to her old bedroom. She'd stopped and turned back to watch him. He was so sexy, standing in her frilly bedroom, leaning against the pink walls, his starched shirt open at the collar and his long, lean legs crossed at the ankles. Just looking at him made her want to walk back to him and beg him to make love to her.

"Of course it is. You'll just have to realize that I'm more stubborn," he said and smiled charmingly.

Antonia shook her head and hid her smile. He was too handsome for her peace of mind. She walked out of the room and started down the hallway.

"Whatever happened to the idea of getting married because two people are in love?" she called back, afraid to see his reaction.

"You love me. You're just too stubborn to admit it," he called to her and Antonia could hear the smile and confidence in his voice. "Friday night. I'll pick you up at eight," he called to her.

Antonia didn't respond. She just kept walking down the hallway. Why couldn't he understand that they weren't right for each other? She didn't want to be under any man's control. Yes, she was in love with him. But did it matter? Being in love just gave him another way to manipulate her and get her to do things the way he wanted them done.

Did she have the courage to call his bluff? Would he really tell Sal about where she worked? Antonia stepped into the steaming, bubbling water and wondered. But she knew the answers to her questions already.

Antonia stood in front of the mirror at a quarter to eight the following night. She was wearing another dress from Saks. This one Brett had given her free reign on choosing. He'd had a credit card delivered with a note explaining that the dinner was black tie. And that was all she'd heard from him since last night.

Now he was on his way to pick her up.

She had formed a weak plan last night while sitting in the hot tub. She wasn't even sure it would work. Brett seemed like the type that wouldn't change his mind very easily. It would take all her acting abilities, everything she'd learned while waitressing at Cesar's and all the tricks she'd observed from the other waitresses in handling men.

The plan was simple enough. She would just ignore Brett and make him realize that a marriage between the two of them would never work. She wanted too much independence to be tied to a man with the same arrogance and power her brother's wielded.

At least she looked good, she thought, twirling in the blue dress, watching the beads sparkle in the light. She'd chosen a long, midnight blue, beaded gown interspersed with silver that danced whenever she moved. The top was fitted, but cut low along her chest with only thin straps holding it in place. The skirt was slim with a long slit that came to her lower thigh. It was the most daring dress she had ever worn and the feeling boosted her confidence.

The doorbell rang precisely at eight o'clock. She opened the door to her bedroom and walked slowly down the staircase.

Both Sal and Brett looked up and watched her descend. She felt like a teenager going to the senior prom, Sal being her father instead of her older brother, and Brett was her date instead of her pseudo fiance.

Brett came foreword when she reached the bottom step and took her hand, his admiration for her shining in his eyes. With his other one, he placed a ring on her fourth finger. Antonia didn't understand until she looked down and saw the diamond sparkle.

It was so beautiful it took her breath away. The center diamond wasn't the largest she'd ever seen, but it was the brightest. There were two square cut stones next to it, both had to be at least a half carrot each.

Antonia looked up and her pleasure shone in her eyes. "It's wonderful," she said to him.

"You're welcome," he returned. "You look lovely," he said, still holding her hand.

"Thank you," she said, glowing with happiness with his simple words, completely forgetting her plan to feign boredom for the night.

The drive took only a few minutes and before she knew it, she was being handed out by a valet as Brett confidently came around the front of the car, then took her hand.

Taking a deep breath, Antonia followed him inside the building, into the bright lights of the ballroom and the cheerful noises of the crowd. There were so many colorful dresses and ornate hairstyles on the women, whereas the men were clad in the required tuxedo, black cummerbund and black tie. All of them looked handsome, but Brett seemed to shine. Not only was he at least a head taller than most of the other guests, he also exuded an aura of confidence that was natural, not stemming from one's position or financial status. Brett looked like he knew who he was and always got what he wanted.

He led her into the throng, introducing her as his fiancee to everyone they met. The reactions from each person varied. even the married ones. But most were announcement they never thought they'd hear regarding Brett. Some of the women seemed jealous, surprised, then excited to hear an

Walking through the elaborately decorated room, they were stopped several times by business acquaintances or friends. Antonia tried to be nonchalant about everything, but the people she met were too genuinely nice to be ignored. Surrounded by fragrant flowers, beautiful orchestra music and soft candlelight, it was difficult to be bored. She found herself chatting with several of the men and women who ran subsidiaries for Brett. They were all interesting and well read, listening and respecting her opinions as well as speaking their own minds.

It was a unique experience for Antonia. She usually attended these types of affairs as Sal's escort and was unintentionally excluded from the conversations by her older brother.

Antonia took a glass of champagne from a waiter, but this time, she was careful to drink it slowly. She didn't want a repeat of the last time they were at a formal occasion together. Whenever Brett turned to her, she did her best to ignore him. Unfortunately, he only found it amusing and came up with some reason to touch her. If she turned her back to him, he would casually run a hand down her spine. If she only turned halfway, he trailed a finger down her bare arm. There were times she could barely pay attention to the person speaking because Brett was pulling her against him or touching her in some privately erotic way, leaving her shaking and wanting more.

After two hours of socializing, Brett pulled her out onto the dance floor. He pulled her close, leaning down and nuzzling her ear. "I know what you're doing," he said, chuckling softly.

"What am I doing?" she asked breathlessly. Brett was a wonderful dancer. The music, his cologne and his closeness all made her head spin in a magical way.

"You're trying to ignore me. It's your way of telling me that I should drop the wedding idea." He spun her to the right, using the twirl as an excuse to wedge a leg between hers. To a casual observer, it seemed a very gentlemanly move. But Antonia had reached a point of sexual tension where should could no longer think, she was so tuned to every movement Brett made.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she replied, holding on to his shoulder tightly as he pulled her closer to twirl her to the left.

"I heard your Aunt Marsha found the perfect wedding dress for you," he said.

This was the first time she'd heard that and it showed on her face. "What do you mean?" she asked. She was hoping to stall the purchase of a dress. How was she supposed to do that when all her aunts and cousins were going out on their own to search one out for her?

"I don't know anything other than that it's perfect for you, according to Marsha. No one will tell me anything except to wear a tuxedo."

"Oh," she said, her mind spinning.

"Don't worry about anything," Brett laughed in her ear. "All the bills are coming to me. So if you run away at the last minute, Sal won't be stuck with thousands of dollars worth of wedding bills."

Antonia couldn't believe that Sal would allow that. "Does he know this?" she asked.

"No. I arranged it all myself."

She didn't want to discuss the monetary aspect of this charade. It would make her too ill to know how much had already been committed as her sisters tried to create her dream wedding.

But Brett wasn't going to allow her the luxury of ignorance. He leaned down and whispered how much had already been spent. The number was so high, she missed a step. "That's emotional blackmail," she said accusingly. "You're not playing fair. On top of everything else, though, I guess I shouldn't be surprised," she said angrily, refusing to look at him. She looked off to the side, smiling at the other dancers, at the orchestra, anything but him.

"That's exactly what it is," he said, laughing and twirled her again, bringing her close again.

"Well, at least it's your money and not mine. I don't care about that," she said, wishing it were true.

"Good. I enjoy spending it on you."

Giving in to her panic, she almost tripped on her own feet. Looking up into his blue eyes, she pleaded, "Brett, this is crazy, why don't we just walk away from it all."

Antonia felt his hand tighten over hers. "Because you'd be walking away from it because you're afraid of me. Of what I make you feel," he said.

"That's not true," she denied too harshly.

"Yes it is," he said, leaning down again and kissing her earlobe. Antonia instantly shivered, the pleasure she remembered from their one night of passion a distant memory compared to now and the pleasure he could make her feel with a simple touch.

"Why fight something that's inevitable?" Brett said.

"I refuse to believe that this wedding is inevitable," she said, shaking her head.

Instead of responding, he pulled her closer, moving to the music.

Antonia was silent on the drive home that night. As soon as he pulled up in front of the house, she jumped out. But Brett was right behind her. He followed her to the door. Before she could put her key in the lock, he turned her around gently but forcibly.

"Antonia, the wedding is inevitable. The sooner you realize it, the sooner you'll enjoy it," he said a moment before his mouth descended upon hers.

Antonia's body betrayed her. She wanted him despite his manipulative behavior. She wanted him badly. And just as always, when he kissed her, all thought of avoiding him flew out of her mind. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back, desire sparking through her system.

She felt him touch her bare shoulders, his hands sliding down to her waist. And she wanted more. Pressing her body into his, she gripped his shoulders, one hand slipping into the hair at the nape of his neck.

Antonia moaned when she felt his hands on her thighs, pushing the skirt back so that he was touching the tops of her thigh high stockings.

And then abruptly he stopped. Putting his hands on her shoulders, Brett set her away from him. "We cannot make love on the steps of your front porch," he said, obviously as affected as she was.

As soon as the cool air hit her face, she was able to breathe a little easier. She shook her head to try and concentrate. But she dropped her keys twice because her hands were shaking too violently to hold onto them. Finally, Brett picked them up and carefully unlocked the door for her.

Handing back her keys, he looked into her eyes. "I'll call you tomorrow, ok?" he asked.

Antonia nodded. Closing the door, she wondered why she'd agreed. Every time she was around him, she fell to his wishes. It was total insanity.

In her room, she took off her new dress and hung it carefully in the closet. The dress idea was obviously a mistake, she thought. So was the attempt to be bored throughout the evening. There had to be something she could do to get her life back, she thought.

Laying in bed, staring up at the ceiling, she considered her options. She could create a new life somewhere. Just because all of her family lived here, didn't mean she had to stay.

Initially, she rejected the idea because the thought of not seeing her nieces and nephews, much less her brothers, aunts, uncles and cousins was too painful. Then she pictured her life with Brett and the tears started flowing. She realized she was in love with him. She didn't want to be, but she was. Life with Brett would be heaven and hell. The passion he could so easily stir within her would make the nights wonderful. But he was bossy and manipulative, just as her father and brothers had been through her whole life. She would not put herself back into that kind of position.

Leaving was the only option. She'd have to do it. She would have to get out of Washington, D.C. She'd lived her whole life here. She wasn't even sure where she would go. She loved this area. It was cosmopolitan without being overwhelming. There was so much to do and see, the museums and theatres always thrilled her with their variety.

But she knew she'd have to do it. And with her savings as well as her stock portfolio, she could leave and find a new life. She'd have to cash in her stock portfolio in order to accomplish it. Maybe she could get away with only liquidating a small portion, but she felt better knowing that it was there.

She didn't fall asleep until the sun started rising over the horizon. Instead, she made plans, forcing herself to ignore the sadness that threatened to overwhelm her at the thought of not seeing her family whenever she wanted to.

Chapter 8

By noon the next morning, she woke up feeling enormously better. She had a plan and knew how to accomplish it. The first thing she had to do was find a place to live. Pulling on a pair of jeans and a white, cotton blouse, she headed downstairs to tell Maria that she'd be gone for the rest of the day.

Ignoring the blue Porsche parked in the driveway with the top protectively in place, she went in search of her motorcycle, since it wasn't parked by the side of the house where she'd left it. In the garage, she found her motorcycle with its helmet attached to it. The bike was leaning against the back wall. hopped on. Jumping on the starter produced no effect. nothing. She pushed it outside and She tried it again. Still

Putting the stand down, she got off and examined the engine. She'd been having trouble with the starter, but not for a while. Following the gas line from the starter to the tank, she discovered the problem. Someone had disconnected the line. Antonia chuckled at her brothers' attempt to keep her off her motorcycle. They hadn't said anything about it, but now she knew their thoughts. Loud and clear. Her wonderful, protective brothers considered a motorcycle too dangerous for their baby sister to ride.

Shaking her head, Antonia took off her helmet and headed into the garage for the tools she'd need. Gathering up a screw driver and a wrench, she went back out and bent over her bike. It was a simple thing to reattach the line. She added some silicone adhesive to seal it, then examined the other parts.

Everything else seemed ok. She went back inside and decided to wait fifteen more minutes for the silicon to dry enough so it wouldn't be a concern. Grabbing some orange juice, she ran into Sal.

"Good morning. Why aren't you at your office?" she asked, feeling proud of herself now that she had foiled their plans. And the fact that they were still trying to control her, made her more determined to leave here. Last night, laying in bed she realized that she could still come back to visit for the holidays. That was good enough for other families, so it had to be good enough for her.

"I'm on my way. What are your plans for today?" Sal asked. "I have some research to do," she replied.

"What kind of research?" he asked.

Sighing, she shook her head. "Sal, I was forced to move back in here, but I'm not letting you control my life. This whole scheme is crazy."

"Then just tell Brett that you won't marry him," Sal said.

Antonia saw the grin on his face, but she didn't understand it. "He won't listen to me."

"Well, I guess that's that. Relax, I don't think marriage to Brett Hancock can be all that terrible, can it?" he asked.

Antonia didn't answer him. She looked at her watch, then back at him. "Ok, I'm on my way out the door."

"What time are you coming home?" he asked.

"I'm not sure." Antonia let the kitchen door close behind her before he could ask anything else. She realized that she was shaking. She was really on a roll lately. It seemed that every interaction with Sal was now a confrontation. She needed to get control of herself. He was only doing what he thought was in her best interests. Just because she couldn't make him understand that she knew what her best interests were better than he did, she could at least be polite to him.

She pulled her helmet down onto her head again and pushed the starter. Sure enough, it revved immediately. With just a small twitch of her hand, she was driving off, down the driveway and away from her current prison.

Antonia drove along the street, enjoying the spring day. She noticed the daffodils starting to peek out and the forsythia was just about to explode with its beautiful golden flowers. As she drove, she made the decision that she would have to live in an area that provided this much color in the springtime as well as the extraordinary fall foliage. The two transition periods were a wonder that never ceased to amaze her.

She drove to the Library of Congress. If there was information to be found, it was in one of those buildings. Finding a place in the Main Reading Room, she put her back pack on a chair then headed over to an unoccupied computer terminal. She found several articles on the best cities to live from magazines. From there, she went on to locate each State's statistics and books describing the areas in which the "best" cities were located.

She handed her initial request to a librarian, then went back to get more titles. She deviated from the list of "best" cities by looking up areas that she thought might be a little different from Washington, D.C. She requested information on Montana, California, Washington State, Massachusetts and Vermont.

By the time she finished at the computer, there was already a stack of books waiting for her, delivered by a mysterious library worker. So she sat down and started reading, taking notes on the various places. She worked throughout the afternoon without realizing the time. She looked up around seven o'clock only because her stomach started growling. Skipping breakfast, lunch and dinner weren't a good idea, she told herself.

Antonia grabbed a bite from a small restaurant, then saw a movie, a romantic comedy that allowed her a little time to relax and forget her current predicament.

By the time she left the movie, it was late. She started her motorcycle again, driving straight to the house. She parked her bike behind the garage, hoping no one would tamper with it again, but knowing she could fix anything that they tried to unplug. She'd had so many problems with this bike, she'd basically taken it apart several times over. Each time something broke, she fixed it herself because she couldn't justify the expense of a mechanic when she could read a book and do the repairs herself.

She heard voices in the front of the house as she entered from the back, but she couldn't hear the words or distinguish the voices. She assumed that her brothers were having some sort of business meeting, so she walked by the door and headed for the staircase.

"Antonia!" she heard from behind her.

It was Brett's voice.

Turning slowly, she faced all five of her brothers and one very angry Brett. Pasting a bright smile on her face, she ventured to ask, "What's wrong?"

Brett pushed his hands through his hair which looked like it had seen a lot of frustration in the last few hours. Coming forward he demanded, "Where the hell have you been?"

Antonia took a step back, intimidated by his anger. "Out," she said.

Swearing under his breath, "Doing what?" he asked. "Research," she said, smiling again, refusing to take another step back or show him how frightened she was of his current temper.

"Researching what?" he asked. "What could possibly take ten hours to research?" he asked.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Thomas, Giuseppe, Michael and Carlo follow Sal back into the library and close the doors, leaving Antonia and Brett in private. For once, she was extremely grateful for all the manners her parents instilled in them.

"I researched many things. Why? Do you want an exact accounting? There were several magazines, a few books, some newsletters and financial reports."

Brett stared at her, stunned. "You've been researching businesses all this time?"

"And then I went to a movie," she said, not confirming or denying the subject of her research.

"You did?"

"Yes."

"What businesses were you researching?"

Antonia couldn't think fast enough. And she knew Brett saw the telltale blush on her cheeks. "You said I was researching businesses. I only said research."

Swearing under his breath, he pulled her down the stairs and into the music room which was on the opposite side of the hallway from the library. Closing the doors, Brett turned back to her, leaning against the doorway and crossing his arms over his chest.

"Well, what were you researching? And why do you have an aversion to the car I gave you? Is it the wrong color? Do you have a death wish? Is that why you drive that contraption out there?"

She was glad he changed the subject. She had lied to her brothers for so long and hated it. But she didn't think she could lie to Brett.

"I don't dislike the car. I think it's beautiful. But I didn't buy it so I don't want it."

"So anything I give you, you'll throw back at me?" "I didn't throw it back. What's wrong with my motorcycle? It gets me from point A to point B."

"What if you get hit?"

"I haven't. What if I get hit in the Porsche?"

"You'll have more protection in that than you will on the motorcycle."

"Its interesting that you think I'll be safer in the car. I've already been pulled over by the police in the car and you just gave it to me a few days ago. I've never gotten a ticket, or even been pulled over while driving my motorcycle."

"Touche," Brett said and laughed. "Ok, do what you want. I don't care if you drive the car or not. Its there for you to do what you want with."

"Thank you," she said. "I'm going upstairs now. I'm really exhausted."

Brett looked at her face and noticed the dark circles under her eyes, but he didn't move out from in front of the doors. "Aren't you sleeping well?" he asked, reaching out and touching her cheek gently.

"Not last night," she said.

"I didn't either," he said and pulled her close enough so the lower half of their bodies were touching. "I thought about you all night, wondering what you were sleeping in."

Antonia blushed and looked away from him. "Why?"

"Because you weren't right next to me. I imagined you the same way you were the other night," he said, referring to the night they'd made love until the morning. "And it drove me crazy."

Laughing, she said, "I sleep in a tee-shirt."

"Hmmm. Going to have to do something about that," he said, his voice husky.

"What would you like me to wear?" she asked, her imagination sparked despite herself.

Brett chuckled. "Nothing," he said without hesitating. Antonia rolled her eyes. "Well, besides that," she said.

His eyes were heavy as he looked down her figure. "How about a silk nightgown. One that came down to here," he said, indicating her mid thigh, "and here," he said, moving his hand up to a point right above her nipples.

Thinking about how little time she had left, she made a snap decision. Smiling mischievously, she looked up at him through her eyelashes. "Make me dinner at your house tomorrow night," she said.

Brett looked at the expression on her face, then shook his head. "I don't think that would be a good idea," he said, groaning under his breath.

"I think it would be a great idea," she countered, then stood on her toes and shyly kissed him.

Brett lifted her higher, holding her against him as he took over the kiss, deepening it while her feet dangled a half foot from the floor.

After several moments, he put her down and took a deep breath. "I need to get out of here," he said. "I'll cook you dinner tomorrow night, but I might be beaten up by all your brothers," he said, laughing at himself.

"I'll make it worth your while," she whispered.

Antonia slept the sleep of the dead that night. She woke early the next morning and stretched languorously. Tonight was the night. She wanted one more night with Brett before she left. She wanted one more memory.

She showered and changed quickly, pulling on a pair of khaki pants and a white sweater. She left her boots in the closet and slipped her feet into a pair of loafers.

After a breakfast of fresh fruit and juice, Antonia left the house, waiving goodbye to Sal, but telling him that she was having dinner with Brett tonight. She walked around the garage to get her motorcycle, but at the last moment, she changed her mind.

Staring at the Porsche, she considered driving it one more time. She'd have to leave everything behind when she left here in a few days, she might as well enjoy the car while she had the chance.

Tossing her bag in the passenger seat, she got in, enjoying the feel of the soft leather once again. The engine roared to life and she put it in gear, shooting off down the driveway.

She was one of the first people in the library this morning so she chose a spot directly under the stained glass dome light. She retrieved her books from the shelf and dove in. After three hours, she'd narrowed her choice to three - Seattle, Washington - Bridgeport, Maine or Louisville, Kentucky.

On a sheet of paper, she listed the pros and cons of each city. Once that was done, she was able to look at the subject more objectively. And the clear choice was Bridgeport, Maine.

Refusing to allow herself to cry again, she put the books onto the shelf for re-filing and left the library. Driving to a mall just outside of Washington, D.C., she moved on to her next errand. And after two hours of shopping, she found exactly what she was looking for.

By that time, it was four o'clock, so she drove home and changed for her dinner with Brett. Walking in the house, she saw a message from him telling her that he'd pick her up at six o'clock.

Laughing out loud, she rushed upstairs and changed clothes. She pulled on a loose, yellow dress that flared out in an A line to her calves. It had two layers, the underskirt was a dark yellow, and the outer layer was a soft, lemony chiffon.

Brett picked her up precisely at six o'clock and drove them to his house. It was a gorgeous, Tudor home near Embassy Row, the area of the District of Columbia that contained the huge homes where the ambassadors and their families lived. It was one of the few areas in the district where the houses had yards.

His home was protected by two wrought iron gates that opened automatically when he drove up. A long driveway, lined by stately oak trees led the way to the house which opened to a beautiful lawn complete with rose bushes just starting to spread their leaves and bloom, a myriad of daffodils with their bright, shining yellow faces reaching for the last rays of the sunshine.

"This is wonderful, Brett," Antonia said, impressed by the stateliness of the house.

"What were you expecting?" he asked, parking the car in front of the house.

"I'm not sure. I guess some penthouse apartment decked out in mirrors and leather," she teased. "But nothing like this."

Brett raised one eyebrow. "Mirrors?" Antonia laughed. "I didn't know!"

Brett didn't respond. He got out of the car and came around to her door just as she was getting out. "Do I get the grand tour?" she asked.

"Of course," he said and put a hand on the small of her back to guide her inside.

The front foyer was black and white tiles with a large, black iron chandelier hanging down in the center of a curving staircase. In the center of the oval entryway, was a large bouquet of flowers which brightened up what would otherwise be an intimidating foyer.

He led her through the house, showing her the family room with its huge fireplace already stacked with firewood, the living room which was very formal with heavy mahogany furniture covered in formal tapestry type fabrics. There was a morning room with whicker furniture and softly flowered cushions and healthy green plants in all corners, a dining room that would comfortably seat thirty or more people, and bedroom after bedroom, all done in different shades but with heavy furniture, canopied beds and ornately carved panels.

The whole house reminded her of a countrified medieval castle nestled in the mountains somewhere in Europe but with a homey touch. "This is really wonderful," Antonia said as they came downstairs again and entered the kitchen where the smell of something delicious was stronger. "Did you grow up in this house?" she asked, bending down and looking into the oven to find out what they were having for dinner.

"Um hmm," he said distractedly, peering into the refrigerator, then lifting the tops of each pot and sniffing.

Antonia stood up to see what had distracted him, hoping it was whatever was cooking. She was starving. But he was staring at her. Antonia's face immediately burst into flames. It was as if he was reading her mind. Because ever since she'd walked into the house, she'd wanted to touch him, have him touch her.

He must have noticed the look of hunger on her face and realized that it wasn't for food anymore. He came over to her and lifted her up so her face was at the same level as his. "Why did you suggest dinner here tonight?" he asked, her feet dangling in the air.

Antonia's hands were on his shoulders, amazed at the strength in his arms. Bravely, she said, "Because I wanted you to make love to me."

Brett groaned and pulled her close, kissing her passionately. And for the next two hours, they were insatiable. Neither could get enough of the other. They made love twice before finally laying beside each other on the large sofa in the family room. Brett's hand was brushing her hair back, his fingers twirling in the curls. "Are you hungry?" he said.

"Not anymore," she said.

Antonia's head shook as he chuckled. "I meant for food," he said, rubbing her back.

"Oh, that," she said, smiling. "I guess I am."

Brett sat up, taking Antonia with him. He pulled his shirt off the coffee table where it had fallen after Antonia pulled it off his shoulders. He put it over her shoulders and Antonia slipped her arms into the sleeves, rolling the fabric up several times so her hands were free. Brett pulled on his jeans and the two of them padded barefoot into the kitchen to eat.

"What did you make me?" she asked, peering into a pot that was simmering on the stove.

"Well, I have a confession to make," he said, lifting the lid to another pot.

"You didn't cook, did you?" she asked, watching him investigate with the same curiosity.

"Nope," he said, and pulled down plates from the cupboard. "But Liza is a great cook," he said and pulled a casserole out of the oven, peeling the foil off the top. "And it looks like she outdid herself tonight. I suspect that this is her famous chicken divan," he said.

They ate the tender, spicy chicken in a cream sauce with broccoli while sitting across from each other at the kitchen table, chatting about nothing and everything. For dessert, there were simmered apples and some sort of crunchy but sweet topping in one of the pots with a caramel sauce in another. After dinner, Brett and Antonia made slow, passionate love in front of a roaring fire, sipping red wine afterwards.

Brett drove Antonia home around midnight, promising to make her dinner again tomorrow night. Antonia hesitated for only a moment before agreeing. She made the decision to spend as much time as possible with Brett before she had to disappear.

And that's how she spent the next two weeks. The days were spent researching the housing and employment markets, the taxes, statutes that might affect investments and income benefits of the state of Maine and the Bangkok city area specifically. And each evening, she arrived at Brett's house for dinner. They'd make love before and after, never getting enough of each other. As the time grew nearer for Antonia to leave, she became desperate to have him, needing the tender, passionate moments to get her through the rest of her life.

It was the Thursday before she was planning on leaving and Antonia woke up with a feeling of dread. She couldn't attribute it to anything in particular, but the feeling wouldn't go away.

Walking downstairs, she looked around but Sal wasn't anywhere in sight. She assumed he'd already left for the office, so she walked into the kitchen to talk to Maria. But she wasn't there. A note was on the refrigerator stating that she'd gone grocery shopping and would be back by ten o'clock.

Antonia found some fresh fruit and cut it up for breakfast, taking it to the patio to eat it as she watched the morning birds.

It was nine o'clock when Marsha and Jennifer came over. Antonia was still sitting on the patio, savoring the scene when they found her.

"What are you doing out here?" Marsha asked.

"Just sitting, enjoying the sunshine," Antonia said.

"Didn't you get the message?" Jennifer asked.

"No, what message?"

"We've found the perfect wedding dress for you. And we have appointments with three caterers this afternoon to taste test," Jennifer explained, thrilled with the whole day's plans.

"The perfect wedding dress?" Antonia asked, dumbfounded.

"You'll love it. It's much simpler than the one's you tried on during our last outing," Jennifer explained.

"Get a move on," Marsha said, taking the empty bowl out of her hands. "You can't sit round here all day. We've got things to do. Hurry up and shower."

"But I'm not getting married," she said, confused. Antonia hadn't been paying much attention to the family lately but how could she have missed the fact that they were still planning her wedding? "What caterers?"

Brenda laughed. "Just come on and spend the day with us. It won't hurt."

Antonia did as they asked, simply because she was too depressed to argue with them. She showered and changed into slacks and a sweater, pulling her hair back with a clip, not knowing what else to do with the mass of curls.

She went back downstairs and was immediately herded into Marsha's white Mercedes. She sat in the passenger seat, listening to Marsha and Jennifer discuss different meal ideas for her wedding, not caring what they chose since she wouldn't be there for the reception. No one would, but she couldn't tell them that.

She reminded herself that she was leaving Monday morning, heading north to Maine. These would be the last moments she'd spend with these women for several months. She tried to perk up and show some interest, but she was too tired to do anything. And now, the fruit she'd eaten earlier was churning in her stomach.

She had to get a grip on herself. She'd never make it out of the state, much less all the way up to New England if she couldn't control her nerves better.

They arrived at the wedding dress shop that was almost overflowing with white dresses in every conceivable style. The owner pulled one dress out of the back room and presented it to Antonia as if she were presenting her with the royal jewels. It was gorgeous. And exactly the type of dress she wanted to be married in. It was a simple gown with a fitted bodice, scalloped edges around the neckline, short sleeves, then flaring out at the waist in a fairy type skirt, flowing with layers of silk organza, toile, and chiffon, ending mid calf.

It was a dress made for a Hollywood actress.

Jennifer and Marsha were ecstatic at Antonia's reaction upon seeing the dress. They quickly pushed her into a dressing room and waited for the owner to help her into the dress.

As soon as Antonia stepped in front of the mirror, she knew that this was the dress she wanted to marry Brett in. If only he loved her, she thought. As soon as the thought came into her mind, she pushed it away. There was no use wishing for something she couldn't have. She could only have the next three nights with him and then she had to push him out of her mind and her heart.

Marsha and Jennifer were already making appointments for Antonia's fitting. It would take three separate fittings because of all the material on the skirt that needed to be hemmed and the waistline needed to be taken in an inch or so.

Once they finished making the alteration arrangements, they were on to the first caterer. Antonia tried one of the appetizers presented, but her stomach still didn't feel very good, so she told Jennifer and Marsha to taste the items and make the decision, trying to hide the feeling of revulsion at the thought of food.

They seemed confused at first, but then took a better look in her face. Antonia missed the knowing looks and the slight nod both of them exchanged because she was trying to look away from all the food. She was really feeling ill and wondered where she'd gotten a germ that would hit her so hard and so fast.

They spent an hour and a half at the first caterer, trying several types of meals ranging from heavy appetizers to a sit-down dinner. When the sales representative carried out a tray of cakes, Antonia stomach rebelled violently. She rushed outside and took deep breaths, trying to calm her stomach.

A moment later, Marsha came out and put an arm around Antonia's shoulders, guiding her to a wooden bench hidden from the view of the parking lot by shrubbery. Jennifer walked around the corner to a convenience store while Marsha tried to get Antonia to drink some cool water the caterer had given her.

Jennifer came back and handed Antonia a handful of soda crackers, not saying a word. Antonia sat down gratefully but she pushed the crackers aside. "No, please. I'm really not hungry. I just need a few moments then I guess I should head home." After a few minutes, her stomach calmed down and she was able to smile weakly at the two women.

"Sorry about that. I don't know what happened in there. I just became so ill I couldn't' stand it anymore. I'll be ok now," she said, wiping at the fine film of perspiration that had formed on her forehead.

Antonia tried to stand up, but Marsha came and sat down beside her. "Just wait another few minutes to be sure," she said, rubbing Antonia's back.

An hour later, Antonia felt wonderful. In fact, she was starving. They were sitting in the conference room of another caterer and the small samples just weren't enough for her. Once they were finished, Antonia suggested lunch. Again, she missed the smiles exchanged between Marsha and Jennifer who herded her into the nearest restaurant.

That evening, when Brett called at eight o'clock, Antonia was already sleeping on the sofa, the television still on.

Sal gently shook her arm to wake her up. "It's Brett. Can you talk?"

Antonia nodded and pushed herself upright. "Brett?" she asked.

"What's wrong?" Brett asked immediately. "Why are you sleeping so early? It's only eight o'clock."

"I had a long day of shopping. What's up?"

"I just wanted to call and find out how your day went."

"Oh," Antonia said, a little off kilter hearing him say he just wanted to talk to her. "Fine, I guess. Thanks. And yours?" she asked, yawning. She had trouble keeping her eyes open so she settled back onto the sofa, letting her eyes drift closed as she listened to his voice.

"It was ok." They talked for a few minutes and Antonia enjoyed hearing Brett's voice, even though she suspected that he was just checking up on her, making sure she didn't get into any trouble during the day.

"You sound exhausted. I'll let you get to sleep. I'll see you Saturday, right?" he asked, confirming their dinner with some out of town clients of Hancock Enterprises.

Antonia was planning on getting out of it, but she hadn't come up with an excuse yet. So she agreed. "Yes. What time?" she asked sleepily.

"I'll pick you up at six."

She hung up the phone a moment later and tried to watch television. But she fell asleep again, only to be woken up by Sal an hour later.

The next morning she felt much more alive. She dressed in a pair of neat, brown slacks and a white silk shirt, tying a silk scarf around her neck to add some color. Today was the big day. She was liquidating some of her stocks and closing down her savings and checking accounts, putting it all in traveler's checks. Monday was the big day. She was planning on leaving right after Sal left for work.

Hopping into the Porsche, she zoomed off, feeling free and happy after yesterday's ordeal. She thought about stopping for breakfast somewhere, but she wasn't in the mood to eat. She wanted to be at the bank first thing to close everything down.

Parking the car at the corner, she walked in right as a teller was unlocking the doors. "Where's Mr. Pennyworth?" Antonia asked after the friendly greeting of the teller.

The teller pointed to a corner desk where a man in his middle forties was working at a computer. As soon as the man realized she was heading towards him, he stood up and greeted Antonia.

"I'm Mr. Pennyworth. How can I help you?" he asked solicitously.

"I'm Antonia Mazzuchelli," she said, noticing the instant tension in the man. "I've spoken to you on the phone a number of times. It's nice to meet you finally," she said, not understanding the look of apprehension on this man's face. She was sure they'd never met before. Why would he be wary of her in person, she wondered.

Mr. Pennyworth gestured to a chair for Antonia to sit down in. "It's nice to meet you. What can we do for you today?" he asked.

"I want to close out my accounts and put them into traveler's checks."

"The whole amount?" the man asked, shocked.

"Yes," Antonia said, pulling her purse around to take her wallet out, handing him identification.

He took the driver's license reluctantly. "Ms. Mazzucheli, there seems to be a problem," he said after typing in some information into his computer terminal.

Antonia looked up, eyebrows raised in question.

"You see, there's a hold on your accounts. It seems that Mr. Thomas Attracelli called yesterday afternoon and inquired about these accounts. He said there might be some confusion with the holder of the accounts."

Antonia smiled confidently, glad that was the only problem. "Thomas is my brother. The accounts were opened with my mother's maiden name so that I could maintain my own identity, separate from my family."

"Well, you see, Mr. Attracelli is on our Board of Supervisors. The accounts are frozen until an investigation is conducted," Mr. Pennyworth said, a fine sheen of perspiration forming on his upper lip and his forehead. He loosened his tie in an unconscious gesture of tension.

Antonia didn't believe her ears. "What do you mean? They're frozen for how long?"

Mr. Pennyworth was clearly uncomfortable about the situation. "I can't say. It might be a few days, or it could be several weeks. There are several matters that need to be cleared up."

Antonia saw all her plans falling down around her ears. "I can't believe this. They're doing it again!" she said to no one in particular. She looked up at the ceiling, then closed her eyes when her stomach churned at the movement.

"Who's doing what?" Mr. Pennyworth asked nervously.

Antonia looked around at the bank and its other occupants, wondering how their day could just continue on as if nothing momentous had just happened while her world, while her life was falling into the control of her brothers. The neutral walls and neutral cubicles, neutral carpets and chairs were all starting to spin around her. She had to get out of the bank.

Ignoring Mr. Pennyworth's calls, she rushed outside, taking deep breaths. She couldn't believe Thomas had done this to her. She looked around, wondering what she was going to do for money. Everything she had was held up in some ridiculous bank investigation according to Mr. Pennyworth. How was she going to get out of town and start her new life with absolutely no money?

Walking down the street, she crossed her arms over her stomach, aching everywhere as if she'd been beaten. She sat down on a bench and tried to think. There must be some way to figure this out. She couldn't let them win. It was now a matter of pride. That was her money! She'd earned it by working hard and scrimping every day for the past four years. She hadn't taken a penny from anyone and now they were taking all of it away from her.

Rejecting the idea immediately, she refused to give in to their control. She decided to liquidate her whole stock portfolio. None of her brothers knew about her investments. She stood up and started down the street. She was just about to open the door to the Porsche when her hand froze on the door handle. A sudden thought terrified her. None of them were supposed to know about her bank accounts. How had they found out about this one?

Hurrying back to the parking lot, she jumped into the Porsche and drove to the bank that housed the headquarters to her investment firm, Finworth Investments. She'd never spoken to anyone here because she'd always invested over the internet.

Speaking to the receptionist, she explained that she wanted to speak with someone about her portfolio, but she didn't have a name. The receptionist asked her to take a seat and she'd call someone to talk to her.

Antonia sat in the lobby, yet another neutral room, this one using mauves instead of tans. But the effect was the same. Everything was a different shade or tone of mauve except for the gold lettering of the firm over the longest wall.

As soon as a woman came forward to greet her, Antonia knew something was wrong.

"I'm Mindy Carmichael, Ms. Mazzuchelli," the brisk, professional woman said, her hand reaching out to shake Antonia's as she approached. "Would you like to follow me to a place where we can discuss your portfolio?"

Antonia shook the woman's hand tentatively and surveyed the woman. Ms. Carmichael was in her early thirties and very professional in her black, wool suit, white, silk shirt and pearls. Antonia followed her, swallowing down the rising sense of panic. There has to be a way to get out of this.

Ms. Carmichael's office was a smaller version of the lobby, with the exception of a picture hanging behind her. But the colors used in the watercolor only accented the mauve decor of the office.

"Ms. Mazzuchelli, I received a request for a freeze on your account due to some discrepancies in your bank accounts. It seems that Mr. Carlo Attracelli has some questions regarding some of the investments as well. I'm afraid that we need to call the SEC regarding some trading practices on this account."

"What are you talking about?"

"Mr. Attracelli says that there might be some insider trading involved. And since this is such a large portfolio, we have to follow guidelines in order to make sure there aren't any violations or other problems with this account."

Antonia nodded her head. They were winning. "And an SEC investigation will take how long?" she said, standing and moving towards the door.

"I'm not sure. It might take some time. But your account will be placed in an interest bearing..."

Antonia didn't hear the rest of the sentence. She walked out of the office and slowly made her way to the lobby. She stood against the receptionist's desk for a moment, afraid she might pass out from the shock. But then the room stopped spinning and she was able to walk to the elevator and out to the street.

Once she was back in the sunshine, she could think of only one more way to get money. She hated to do it, but it was a last resort. She didn't think her grandparents would mind very much.

After they finished rolling over in their graves because Antonia was going to run away from her fiance and her family, she corrected herself mentally.

Antonia drove to the bank that held all the family accounts. She was almost afraid to walk inside the white, marble lobby, but she forced her feet to move forward. She was recognized instantly by the bank manager, Mr. Wilson, and escorted to his office on the second floor.

"Mr. Wilson, I'm afraid of the answer, but I have to ask. Is there any money in my trust account?" Antonia asked, looking out the window. She didn't want to see the pity in his eyes when he told her that the account has been cleared out.

"Of course, Ms. Attracelli. We've been trying to contact you for several weeks regarding the amount in the account. We are hoping to convince you to invest the money. Right now, it's sitting in an account collecting interest, which is fine. But with the enormous sum you have available to you, it would be wiser to make the money work for you."

"I want to withdraw some money," she said, her hopes rising.

"Of course. How much would you like to withdraw?" he said, taking a piece of paper out of his drawer.

Antonia named a figure and Mr. Wilson blinked. "Why?" he asked.

"I need it for personal reasons. Could you put it all in traveler's checks?" she asked, her spirits rising.

Mr. Wilson pressed some keys on his computer keyboard. "I'm afraid there's a limit for withdrawals on this account. I'm sorry but I wasn't aware of this stipulation."

Antonia blinked back tears. "What's the limit?" she asked, about to cry.

"Five hundred dollars," Mr. Wilson replied, looking at Antonia sadly.

Antonia stood up and left his office without another word. She drove around town, not sure exactly how they had done it but she was now at their mercy. She hadn't realized where she was going until she looked up and saw Hancock Enterprises in front of her. She quickly found a parking space on the street and walked inside. There were several security guards in the lobby so Antonia went directly to them.

She'd just figured out who had really set Thomas and Carlo up with their missions. And she didn't believe for a second that Sal had put a limit on her trust fund account from the beginning. It was Brett. He was boxing her in.

"I want to see Mr. Hancock," she said, not hiding the fury on her face.

The guards looked at her as if she'd grown a second head. "May I tell him who is waiting to see him?" the first one asked. He acted as if he was going to have to throw her out when Brett's secretary told him that she was not on the list of approved appointments.

"Antonia," was all she said.

"Antonia ?" he asked, wanting to relay her last name as well.

"Don't worry about it. He'll know," she snapped. Antonia crossed her arms over her chest and stood there, challenging the guards to not call upstairs.

Once they dialed the number, Antonia stepped away from the brown marble security desk and watched the people walk in and out of the brown and black lobby. They all looked like they had a purpose and everyone wore a badge. If Antonia wasn't so angry, she'd be impressed. But she wasn't in the mood to be impressed with Brett Hancock's company. She was too angry.

"Ms. Attracelli?" the security guard called to her.

Antonia turned around at the sound of her last name. "Don't call me that!" she said, not wanting to be associated with her brothers right now.

The security guard was startled by her reply. He held up his hands in surrender. "I'm sorry ma'am. I just wanted to tell you that Mr. Hancock will see you. But you have to wear this badge at all times. There's no escort required for you," he said, handing her a plastic badge with VIP GUEST on the front, hanging from a metal chain.

Antonia took the badge and walked to the elevators. "What floor?" she asked.

"Twentieth. Turn left once you get off the elevators and Beatrice, his secretary will meet you there."

"Thank you," Antonia said, trying to smile at the security guard, but afraid that it only looked like she was baring her teeth.

On the twentieth floor, she got off and turned left. A woman in her late fifties or early sixties was walking down the hallway towards her with a smile on her face. She had gray hair and horn-rimmed glasses hanging from her neck, shoes squeaking as she came to stand in front of Antonia.

"Are you Antonia Attracelli? Mr. Hancock's fiancee?" she asked, extending her hand in greeting.

"I'm not admitting to the first and the second I'm still working on getting out of," Antonia replied, but she took the woman's hand and tried to be civil.

Beatrice's smile slipped slightly. "This way," she said and headed back in the direction she'd just come from.

"Mr. Hancock just got out of a meeting," she said. "He's usually a little distracted at this time of the day. He's on a tight schedule this afternoon so I'm not sure how much time he can spare."

"That's ok. I don't need much of his time." Even to Antonia's ears, it sounded like a growl.

Brett came out of a room down the hallway from her and walked directly towards her, smiling. "Antonia! What a surprise. What are you doing here?"

"We need to talk," she said and preceded him into his office.

"What about?" he asked, closing the door. He walked around to his desk and sat down in the large, black, leather chair.

Antonia paced, trying to calm down so she could talk to him rationally. "What the hell are you doing with my bank accounts? And you froze my investments. They think I'm a criminal! How dare you?"

Brett leaned back in his chair, tapping his lower lip with a pen. "How did you find out about that?" he asked.

"I went to get some money," she said, not mentioning that she was getting all of it.

"You don't need to spend your own money. I gave you a credit card. Use it on anything you want."

Antonia swung around on him. "You don't get it do you? That's my money," she explained, leaning over his desk to amplify her point.

"Prove it. You put it in the wrong name. That's not exactly legal," Brett said, standing up and coming around to the other side of the desk.

Antonia was so furious she sputtered. "You know it's my money! Why are you doing this?"

"You were going to run away from me, weren't you?" he asked.

Antonia couldn't look him in the eye. own business."

"What I do with my money is my

Brett threw back his head and laughed. "I scare you that much, don't I?" he said, moving towards her, capturing her in a huge hug. "God, you drive me crazy."

Antonia pushed out of his arms. "I drive you crazy? I don't know how you can say that!" she said, turning her back on him.

He came up right behind her back and put his hands on her waist, pulling her against the length of him, not letting her pull away. "Because, just as much as you think I've turned your world upside down, you've done the same to me. I used to have an organized life. Everything was scheduled. Then you sat down at lunch, all pretty in pink and flustered, not even remembering my name," he said and Antonia blushed at his perceptiveness, "and threw everything out of whack. So whatever I've done to you, you've given right back."

"But you still have a life. You took mine away from me," she said, pulling out of his embrace and moving away from him. Turning around she wiped the tears from her cheeks.

"Then come work for me," he said.

Antonia stopped pacing and stood still, afraid to ask him to repeat his statement. "What?" she said, unable to stop herself.

"Come work for me. You've spent the last four years trying to prove to your brothers that you are as good as they are. But the reality is, you haven't been able to do it have you?"

Antonia didn't answer. All she could do is stare at him. "Because they were given privileges you weren't allowed. So was I for that matter." "What do you mean?" she whispered.

"I mean, your brothers might have all started low on the ranks, but as soon as they showed promise, they moved up quickly. They might have all turned their companies around and become industry giants, but the reality is, they were given a head start. You were denied that."

"I can make it on my own," she said, her chin going up a little higher defensively.

"Why don't you try beating them on their own level?" he asked, leaning against his desk, crossing his arms over his chest.

Antonia hesitated for only a moment. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, come work here. Find out where this corporation can do better. You have a business degree and the instincts to accomplish a lot. Your portfolio proves that."

"Yeah, right," she scoffed.

He eyed her for a moment. "Are you afraid to find out you can't match your brothers success for success?"

Antonia stiffened. "Of course I can," she said indignantly.

"Then prove it. Starting Monday, report here. Your assignment will be to come up with ten ways to improve the systems Hancock Enterprises has in place. I want suggestions and back up to save this company ten million dollars over the next three years."

"What are you talking about?" she asked, taking a step back, intimidated by his offer despite her bravado.

Brett walked around his desk and picked up several files. "You'll be privy to all company files, you'll have access to any meeting you want to attend. I'll give you a secretary of your choosing with a temp until you find someone that works for you."

"Brett, what do you mean?"

"Do you want the job or not?" he asked, not looking up at her.

"I don't..." "Watch how you answer. If you say yes, you'll have a hell of a task on your hands. I only hire the best and I keep things lean. But there's always room for improvement." He paused to watch her face. "If you say no, you'll be proving that you're afraid of the challenge."

Antonia stared at him for a long moment, debating the sincerity of his offer. After looking at the expression on his face, she decided that he'd phrased it so she'd have everything to lose if she ignored his challenge. Including his respect. And for some reason, his respect meant a lot to her. "What's my salary?" she asked finally.

Brett chuckled. But then he named a figure. "You'll get a two percent commission on any money you save the company, but you'll have to prove your suggestions will work before they're implemented," he said, handing her the files from his desk. "Here's something to start with."

Antonia took the files automatically. "Only two percent?" she asked, raising one eyebrow.

"Two and a half percent, for any one suggestion that saves over one million dollars. Commissions re-evaluated later." Brett watched the sparkle in her eyes and knew he'd gotten her. And she was gorgeous when she was challenged.

He had no idea how he was going to concentrate when she was around, following him to meetings, working late and pouring over reports beside him. He had to be a lunatic for suggesting it.

"I accept. What time Monday morning."

"Report to my office at eight o'clock sharp," he said.

Antonia turned on her heel and walked out. But she heard his last comment. "And buy a new dress for tomorrow night!"

She laughed as she walked to the elevator.

But back down on the street, she sobered. How was she going to find ten million dollars in a company she knew nothing about? She'd never worked in an office before, how do people act? What was she supposed to do? She wouldn't even know what files to ask for, regardless of the cart blanche he'd given her.

She pulled the Porsche into the garage and picked up the files she'd put on the seat. She wanted desperately to start reading them, but she decided to start on them first thing in the morning. She needed to sleep and that was all her body was going to allow.

Chapter 9

Antonia dressed carefully Monday morning. She pulled out a navy blue suit with a white silk shirt and pearls, just like Mindy Carmichael wore last Friday. She looked in the mirror and was appalled. This definitely wasn't her style. She wanted to add something personal, something that would define her personality a little more. But she resisted, knowing that she had to set an impression before she could create her own personality.

She drove to the headquarters of Hancock Enterprises and parked in a visitor's space. At the security desk, she was shown directly to personnel. There, her picture was taken and she was given a badge as well as a quick run through of company policy.

Finally, she was shown to Brett's office. He was on a conference call when Beatrice opened the door for her, but Brett waved her into a chair and handed her a pad of paper and a pen.

Antonia didn't know what to do with the paper and pen until she heard some negotiations at the other end of the line. She started taking notes on the ideas put forth from the other members of the meeting, feeling a bit awkward since she didn't know who they were, nor did they know she was sitting in on the meeting.

Brett concluded the call after about an hour. Once he was finished, he came around the desk and leaned against it, crossing his arms over his chest. "What do you think?" he said.

Antonia didn't know what to say. She was a bit overwhelmed, being thrown in to the call in the middle. "I'm not sure. Are you preparing to start digging yet or are you still setting up the contractors?"

"Neither. We're arranging financing," he said. "Come on, I'll show you to your office."

Antonia was confused. "But they were setting up contractors to start building, weren't they?"

"Yep. But it won't go anywhere for at least three months," he explained, turning the corner and opening a set of double doors. "How's this?" he asked.

Antonia was shocked. This was a huge office, almost as large as his own. The walls were done in the same honeyed wood with a black, shiny desk, large, black leather chair behind it and a computer already set up.

"Do all new employees get this type of office?" she asked suspiciously, walking into the middle and turning to face him. She wondered if she was getting special attention because of their relationship. Or soon to be past relationship, she corrected herself.

"No. Not all. Only those that have the same amount of responsibility you have. So stop thinking you're getting special privileges."

"Oh. I guess it will do," she said, smiling slightly, embarrassed to be caught thinking along those lines.

"Human resources will be sending up a secretary for you. She'll sit outside here," he said, indicating a curved desk right outside her office. "If you need anything, you've already been given carte blanche on all information. Although the exact nature of your position hasn't been revealed."

"Why not?" she asked, walking over to the windows.

"Because I thought you could use the anonymity. People won't kiss up to you when they don't know you have the power of their jobs."

"And do I?" she asked, raising one eyebrow and looking back at him.

Brett shrugged. "In a way. Think of your position as a lobbying job. You can suggest anything you consider important. But I have final veto power. You need to bring all suggestions directly to me. And everything must remain completely confidential until they are implemented. Anything not implemented will remain unspoken."

Antonia nodded. She was starting to become suspicious of the job. She wasn't sure, but she had a funny feeling that Brett might be humoring her, giving her a job just to keep her happy but assuming that anything she comes up with might be insignificant. She thought about it for only a moment.

"Deal," she said. If she was going to prove anything, she might as well start now. "Any suggestions on how to get my feet wet?" she asked.

Brett nodded, "I have a meeting with the vice presidents in five minutes. How about finding out what they're all up to."

"Sounds great," she said, smiling brightly.

Grabbing her pen and paper, she followed him down the hallway where he got her a cup of coffee, then they made their way to the conference room.

As soon as Brett walked in, all the men and a surprising number of women stopped talking and quickly took their seats. There were ten vice presidents, six men and four women. Antonia chose a seat after everyone else had sat down. She wanted to be at the end of the room, inconspicuous.

But Brett had other ideas. "Ladies and Gentlemen, I'd like to introduce you to Antonia Attracelli. She'll be working on a special project for me. She's to have access to all files. She's working on a type of audit for the company."

Everyone turned to Antonia and nodded, some smiling to her, others concealing what she suspected was hostility.

And then the meeting was underway. This session was more of a brainstorming meeting with each vice president defining their goals for the next quarter. Once the explanation was finished, the other people at the table voiced suggestions, offered solutions, ideas, support or just praise for the stated idea.

Antonia made notes on everything. She didn't know what to suggest, so she just kept quiet and absorbed the culture as well as the ideas. Brett had a way of making everyone feel like they were part of a team and not the head of their own individual areas.

After the meeting, Antonia walked back to her office and turned on the computer set up on the desk. She had no idea where to start searching. A number of ideas had occurred to her at the meeting, but she didn't know where to find the information to look deeper into the situations.

A soft knock at her door interrupted her thoughts. Antonia looked up and saw a woman standing in her door, a pad of paper in her hand. "Ms. Atracelli?" the woman asked, slaughtering Antonia's name.

Antonia smiled and stood up, "Yes?" she asked.

The woman smiled back and came into the office, her hand extended. "I'm Kim. I've been assigned as your temporary secretary until you find someone else."

Antonia blinked, but took the woman's hand. "Oh. Ok."

"What do you need me to do?" Kim asked, standing in front of Antonia's desk awkwardly.

Antonia thought for a moment, but nothing came to her. "I don't know. I don't really know what I'm doing. Maybe you could help me," Antonia said. The woman looked surprised but encouraged and her shoulders seemed to relax slightly. "What kind of help do you need?"

Antonia gauged her new secretary's expression. She seemed like an intelligent woman so Antonia decided to dive right in with her ideas. Maybe Kim could add something to them. "Well," she said, waiving Kim into one of the modern, wooden chairs in front of her desk, then came around and sat down in the other one. "I'm new at this so I don't really know where to get information to answer some of my questions. Perhaps if you told me where I could find it, I could get started on something."

Kim nodded her head. "I've been with the company for about five years so I'm pretty informed about most things. There are projects I've never worked on, but I know other people who've worked on them and can contact them to get the information," Kim said almost shyly.

Antonia was grateful and smiled at Kim's enthusiasm. "That's great. I guess I should explain my position here, but I'm not completely sure what it is myself right now. We're going to have to play it by ear for a while," Antonia started. "My goal is to find ways to save Hancock Enterprises money. And I was just in a type of brain-storming meeting, I guess the whole top staff was in there, but I think I might have some ideas."

"What are your ideas?" Kim asked, leaning forward.

"Well, something struck me in the meeting. We have a number of contractors and I was thinking maybe we could do the work more cheaply in-house. Or maybe not in-house, but perhaps Brett might want to create a subsidiary to do some of the work."

"Brett?" Kim asked.

Antonia flushed, "I'm sorry. Does he go by Mr. Hancock in the office?"

Kim shook her head. "I don't know." After a moment, she said, "Are you talking about Mr. Hancock, the president?"

Antonia nodded her head. "Why?"

Kim paled slightly but continued. "I've never worked for him, but I've heard he's a pretty hard task master."

Antonia laughed. "Yes, I suppose he can be. He definitely wants things his way," she said, thinking about their personal relationship. "But I wouldn't worry about him. He's a softy."

Kim only nodded, sure that Antonia was out of her mind.

Antonia stood up and moved behind her desk. "The problem is, I don't know what these contractors make, how much we pay them and they might do more than what I assume they do. Is there any way you can get that information?" she asked.

Kim nodded her head and wrote on her pad of paper. "I'm sure it's in accounting. I'll run down and see if I can get their contracts. Do you only want this one contractor or are there others?"

"Stick with this one for now. I might be heading in the wrong direction. But I noticed on the stock market yesterday that there's a company going downhill and they might be amenable to a little help."

Kim looked confused but she stood up and walked out of the office to get the information from accounting.

Antonia sat down and played with her computer and was grateful to see it had a link to the internet. She quickly set up bookmarks for her favorite places on the internet so she could reference them easily.

Kim came back about fifteen minutes later and handed Antonia a file. "What next? Would you like a cup of coffee?"

Antonia, who was already looking through the legalese to find the base price of the contractor, glanced up at Kim. "No. Coffee seems to upset my stomach lately. But thank you for asking."

"Are there any phone calls you need me to make?"

Antonia thought for a moment. "Yeah. See if you can get an annual report from this company," she said and wrote down the name of J.C. Incorporated, the company she'd been watching that manufactured computer chips.

Kim walked out of the office and made several phone calls. The rest of the afternoon, Antonia and Kim researched several companies, compared the stock for buy out possibilities, processing capabilities, personnel if the information was available, and anything else about the company they could find. While Antonia worked on the computer, researching the information from the internet, Kim found information from the personnel files and the accounting department and put them into a spreadsheet to compare prices and benefits.

It was seven o'clock when Brett walked into her office. Antonia and Kim were bent over files, calling out information to each other. Neither woman noticed him as he stood in the doorway. Finally, he cleared his throat to get their attention.

Antonia looked up and smiled. "Hi. What are you doing here?" she asked.

Brett looked down at his watch. "Do you know what time it is?" he asked.

Antonia looked at her watch. "Seven o'clock." Just his presence in her office made her blood start pounding. How was she going to get over him and convince him that they needed to stop the wedding when her body reacted like this?

Brett rolled his eyes. Shaking his head, he walked over to Kim and shook her hand. "I don't think we've met. I'm Brett Hancock. You're Kim Mason?"

Kim could only nod her head, she was so completely overwhelmed by the president of the company acknowledging her presence in such a casual manner. He always appeared so aloof in the hallways.

"I'm taking your boss out. She'll be back tomorrow morning." Brett didn't ask Antonia, he just took her coat off the back of her chair and held it out for her.

"Brett, just give me another half hour. Then I'll head out," Antonia said, looking down at the file on her desk.

But she should have known that he wouldn't go for something like that. He pulled the file out from underneath her hand and gave it to Kim. "Would you hide this somewhere. Knowing her, she'll bring it home and work on it once I drop her off," he said.

Antonia wanted to protest, but she was too embarrassed. Kim took the file and left the office, smiling.

Antonia turned on Brett, trying to control her temper. "What do you think you're doing?" she asked.

Crossing his arms over his chest, Brett smiled. "I know this is cliche, but do you have any idea how incredibly gorgeous you are when you're angry?"

"How could you do that to me? We're right in the middle of something. I'm not ready to leave."

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Kim pull her coat on and walk by the office door, purse in hand. "I think you might be keeping your secretary here a bit late at night. Besides, its time to eat. I need company and you're the best looking person in the office."

Antonia gritted her teeth. He might be right about Kim but she refused to admit it to him.

"Come on," he leaned over her desk and smiled, "Wouldn't a huge plate of pasta, slathered in cheese and pesto sauce sound good?" he said.

Antonia refused to answer, but her stomach growling gave him all the answer he needed. He picked up her coat, then reached around and tried to turn off her computer. She slapped his hands away when he did that, mainly because he had to reach around her to do it and his closeness made her skin tingle. "I'll do it. And yes, I'd love a bowl of pasta but I can make that myself."

"Good, then you can make both of us some," he said.

"No. I'm going to find that file and work tonight. I have some ideas that I want to think through."

"What are they? Maybe I can help."

"No, I'll present them to you formally just as any employee would," she said, stuffing files into her briefcase.

Brett allowed her to fill her briefcase but then he picked it up himself and carried it out the door, only letting her carry her small purse. "I can do that, you know," she said, referring to her briefcase.

"I know, but I always liked carrying girls' books when we walked home from school. Made me feel manly," he joked.

"You don't need to feel any more manly," she said under her breath.

"What was that?" he asked as he pressed the button to call an elevator.

"Nothing," she said, hoping her face didn't look as red as it felt, and turned to watch the numbers over the elevator as it climbed to their floor.

Brett chuckled. "Oh."

"Have you always been so irritating?" she asked, trying not to smile, his good humor contagious.

"Yes. Have you always been so sexy?" he asked.

Antonia couldn't hold it in any longer. His question made her laugh. He always seemed to do that. Turning to face him, she asked, "Why do all your employees think your such an ogre?"

"They don't," he said, pretending to be offended.

"They do. Everyone but your vice presidents are completely intimated by you," she said.

"Because I'm mean?" he joked.

Antonia laughed, but shook her head. "No really. I think some of them might even call you fierce."

Brett shrugged his shoulders. "I am fierce. You just haven't seen it yet. I expect a lot from my employees. I pay them well and want them to deliver for me."

"What about me?" she asked.

"You deliver," he leered.

Antonia laughed. "No, really. What if I don't 'deliver'?"

He looked at her face, understanding that she was worried. "You will."

Antonia looked down at the floor. He had such faith in her. But even that faith terrified her. She didn't want to let him down. It was more than just proving something to her brothers. Now she wanted to impress him.

The elevator arrived and broke the tension. Antonia stepped onto the elevator, then almost fell against the side of the cab, holding onto the wall in an attempt to wait out the dizzy spell. She didn't want Brett to notice, so she pretended like nothing was wrong. But she felt his arm go around her and was grateful for his strength.

"Is everything ok?" he asked, looking down into her eyes.

Antonia smiled. "I guess I'm just hungrier than I thought," she lied. This was the second time she'd felt this type of dizziness. The last time was during the middle of the day, right after she'd had lunch. At least she hadn't had morning sickness....

Antonia went completely still. Morning sickness? Dizzy spells? It wasn't possible.

She counted back to the first night she and Brett had slept together. Then recounted. She was two weeks late.

It wasn't possible, she thought again. She couldn't be pregnant. It was way too early to have symptoms like this, wasn't it?

But Jennifer didn't have any symptoms. No morning sickness, no cravings, nothing. Marsha, on the other hand, had spent practically every moment of the first three months of her first pregnancy in bed, but during her second pregnancy, she'd been happy as a clam. Antonia had heard that all pregnancies are different, but could they be this dramatically different?

She could only be about three weeks pregnant. If she was pregnant at all, which might not be the case, she reminded herself.

"Antonia?" Brett asked, looking at her strangely.

"What?"

"Do you want to get off the elevator?" he asked, keeping his finger on the "open" button to hold the doors for her.

"Oh," she said, then blushed as she stepped into the parking lot. "Sorry," she said.

"No problem," he replied. "My car's over here."

"I'll just head home, if you don't mind. I'm not all that hungry anymore." Antonia wanted to hurry home and think this latest revelation through.

"No way. I'm going to make sure you eat something," he said and took her arm to head her in the direction of his car. Holding open the door, he said, "Get in. I'll drive you home later and pick you up tomorrow morning."

"Brett, there's no need," she said but was cut off by the door closing on her. She waited until he got in beside her. "Brett, there's no need to take me out to dinner. I really want to go through those files again."

Brett ignored her and started the engine, backing out of the parking space. "After dinner," he said.

He drove to a small Italian restaurant close by the office and they were quickly seated since it was a Monday night. Antonia was determined to remain angry with him over his brutish tactics, first at dragging her out of her office, then when he forced her into his car and practically kidnapped her to the restaurant. But her will couldn't hold up against the fantastic plate of fettuccini alfredo and Brett's humor. He told her stories about some of the vice presidents that had her laughing so hard her stomach hurt.

It was ten o'clock when he dropped her off in front of the house. The front lights were on, but the rest of the house was dark. Antonia suspected that Sal was still working. Probably where she'd be right now if it hadn't been for Brett.

But she couldn't be mad at him now. Especially when he was leaning down to kiss her good night. And Antonia kissed him right back, feelings of tenderness overwhelming her at the thought that she might be carrying his child. She completely forgot about her promise to try and break off this relationship.

The next morning, she walked into the kitchen feeling awful. She tried to smile when she saw Brett, but she was afraid it came out more as a grimace. Walking to the sink, she poured herself a cool glass of water and sipped it, hoping her stomach would calm down. She was almost positive that she was pregnant. And right now, she wasn't feeling very tender towards Brett, who'd shown up at the house this morning before she was ready. He was standing in the kitchen, sipping coffee looking fresh and alive, reading something in a file folder.

"Long night?" he asked.

Antonia shook her head. "No. I slept like a log."

Brett smiled and pulled her close. "Wish I'd been there," he said, kissing her neck, her ear. She resisted for only a moment. But her stomach rebelled and she stood still, hoping it would get back onto a normal keel again.

Antonia shivered. How could he make her want him, even when she felt this awful. She moaned softly when he found a spot behind her ear, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"Want to skip work today?" he asked. "We could stay in bed all day and make love."

Antonia's body was already reacting to his nearness. But she resisted. "I don't think that would make a very good impression."

"I'll clear it with your boss," he said and slid his hand down her spine, sending shivers through her body.

"Brett..." Antonia pleaded.

He took a deep breath, then sighed. "Ok. You win. We work. But no more nights alone. You're leaving at six tonight and we're heading to my house for dinner."

"I don't think that would be a very good idea," she started, only to be interrupted by Brett kissing her.

"Come on. You'll be late for work," he said and he took her hand, pulling her behind him to his car.

For the rest of the week, Antonia worked hard on avoiding him. She made sure she had left the office before he came to pick her up. And when she got home at night, she was already asleep when he called so Sal had an easy excuse for why she wouldn't talk to him on the phone.

That worked for only a week. By Friday Brett trumped her by ordering her into his office late in the afternoon. When she received the summons, she was irritated but reminded herself that he was now her boss.

"You called for me?" she asked politely, standing in the doorway to his office, not daring to come inside.

Brett looked up from the file folder he was reading and nodded his head towards an empty chair in front of his desk, indicating that she should take a seat.

Instead of taking the chair, Antonia stepped into the office but only a few feet.

Brett noticed her defiance and his mouth thinned in frustration. "Close the door," he snapped.

"I'd rather..."

"I don't care what you'd rather, shut it," he interrupted and turned to face the window, assuming she would follow his orders immediately.

Antonia did but only because she wanted to have it out with Brett and didn't want his other employees to hear the conversation.

As soon as the door closed, Brett swung around and glared at her. "Ok, tell me what the hell is going on."

Antonia bristled at his tone. "Well, let's see, I'm working on a project..." "Not about your work. Why are you avoiding me?"

Antonia's raised an eyebrow sardonically. "Why would you think I'm avoiding you? And how could I possibly do that?" she snapped, her anger rising as she thought about her circumstance. "Our rehearsal dinner is in exactly one week, our wedding is the next day. Apparently I have the whole day off next Friday and the following two weeks which I didn't know about until this morning when Kim mentioned it to me."

"It's for our honeymoon!"

"Well, thanks for asking me!" she snapped right back.

Brett leaned both hands against his desk and glared at her. "What's going on? I know you love me so what's your issue with this wedding?"

His comment took all the wind out of her. And in a small voice, she replied, "No one asked me."

"Excuse me?"

Antonia took a deep breath to control the sudden need to cry. "You never asked me to marry you. You just told me."

"Because you would have said no," Brett replied, his voice softer as he took in the hurt expression on her face.

Antonia nodded. "Yes, I probably would have."

"Why?" he demanded.

"I explained all this before. I've spent my whole life being controlled by my father or my brothers. Everyone has always told me what was in my best interest. But no one ever asked or trusted me to know what was in my best interest."

"That's not true," Brett started only to be interrupted by her.

"Yes, it is true," she said, nodding her head forcefully. "Look at how you got me here. You took control of my bank account, my stock portfolio and got my brothers to make sure I couldn't depend on my trust fund for money. I'm completely at your mercy."

Brett shook his head and came around the desk to stand right in front of her. "Believe it or not, I didn't do any of those things. But I'm grateful for your brothers for doing them since it pushed you right towards me," he said. Antonia blinked back the tears. "You didn't?"

Brett shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest. "Nope."

"Then, why...who...?"

"I'm guessing your brothers finally found out all of your secrets and manipulated everything themselves. But I promise I had no prior knowledge of anything they were doing," he said.

As she thought back to the conversations with the bank managers, all of them had mentioned one of her brothers. Antonia had just assumed that Brett had set them up to it. And then her face brightened again when she realized that he trusted her to work in his company.

"So, you weren't trying to control me?"

Brett shook his head. "No. But if you'd left, I would have dragged you back here," he corrected.

That took some of the wind out of her sails. "Why?"

Brett took one of her hands and pulled her closer to him. "We've already had this discussion. You would have been running away from me, and from what I can make you feel."

Antonia couldn't deny that anymore.

"Are you going to stop avoiding me?" he said, lowering his head to kiss her.

"I don't know," she replied, lifting her head to meet his kiss.

Brett growled in response. "You're going to drive me crazy," he said and kissed her passionately.

A few minutes later, he raised his head. "Will you marry me?"

Antonia examined the face she loved so much it hurt. "I need to ask you a question first."

Brett sighed deeply. "Ok, what's the question?" he said and leaned back against his desk, bringing her with him so she was standing between his long legs. "How do you feel about kids?"

Brett shrugged his shoulders. "I love them. I want lots of them," he replied immediately.

Antonia nodded her head, accepting his answer. "I do too." She was looking at the buttons on his shirt, afraid of what she had to tell him now, worried that he meant having babies later rather than sooner.

"So are there any other issues or can I kidnap you for the rest of the afternoon and make love to you?"

Antonia laughed, liking the idea but wanting to get her news out first. "Well, there's something you should know."

"If I agree to it, will you finally agree to marry me?"

"I'm pregnant," she said bluntly, then held her breath while she waited for his reaction.

Brett's stunned expression lasted for only a few moments. Then a huge grin started on his face, growing to a wide smile that ended with him throwing his head back and laughing. "So all this week, you really were sleeping?"

Antonia nodded, feeling more free than she ever had in her life. "Yes," she said.

Brett stilled. A moment later, he pulled her shoulders back so he could look into her eyes. "Yes?"

"Yes, I've been falling asleep early each night. Yes, I've also been avoiding you for fear of your reaction. Yes, I'll marry you. And yes, I love you."

"Thank God! I've been waiting for you to admit that for weeks!" he laughed. "I'm glad that we have a wedding already planned. Otherwise, you'd be flying out to Reno tonight."

"Brett..."Antonia started, feeling shy once again.

"I love you too," was all he said before bending to kiss her again.

And those were the only words Antonia needed to hear before throwing her whole self into kissing him back.

