Chapter 1

This meeting was ludicrous!

Prince Maximillian Gregorio Marquenda stifled a spurt of irritation when the bald man banged his fist against the polished conference room table. He pretended to listen politely to the group of elderly gentlemen as they tried to convince him that the government of Cordova needed to fund their latest project.

As soon as the double doors to the conference room opened, Max's attention was diverted and he wasn't disappointed. He saw her walking toward him and could feel his body reacting to just the sight of her. Out of the corner of his eye, he noted how long her legs looked in her perfect, business-like suit. Gritting his teeth, he prepared himself for her closeness, for her subtle, flowery perfume that had haunted him for so many nights.

The lead on his pencil snapped when she whispered the urgent message in his ear.

The broken lead had nothing to do with her words and everything to do with her lips so close to his ear. Max had been concentrating on the discussion, quickly taking notes on the margins of the report but with her mouth so close to his ear, all he wanted to do was kiss her sexy lips that were definitely not business-like and smell her incredibly alluring perfume.

But he didn't. Because Tara Jacobs had never shown any indication that she was interested in Max in any way other than as an employer. In fact, the woman went to great pains to make sure he didn't get the wrong impression. He gripped his broken pencil and tried to concentrate on her words as she repeated her message. It was useless. Standing up, he put a hand to the small of her back and guided her out of the conference room.

"I'm sorry, what was that?" his deep voice asked as soon as the doors closed behind them.

Tara Jacobs, his sexy, seductive and amazingly efficient and professional secretary repeated the message while standing in front of him this time and Max was finally able to understand her words.

"King Alexander has requested your presence immediately," Tara explained. "I'm sorry, I wouldn't have interrupted your meeting for anything less," Tara said, the apology in her eyes as well as being spoken by those lips that Max had created some vivid fantasies around.

"That's fine," Max ground out, and tried to ignore the appeal of her soft, blue eyes or wonder how long her hair was. Every day it was neatly twisted into a tight, professional chignon, painstakingly pinned to the back of her neck without a wisp escaping. It didn't matter. There was nothing Tara Jacobs could do to diminish her appeal. Even with her hair pulled back harshly, her eyes were too soft and her lips too full for anyone to forget how incredibly beautiful she was.

Refocusing on the task at hand, Max handed her his notes. "Can you sit in on the meeting for me and take notes?" he asked.

With a nod, Tara took his report and entered the room without a backwards glance in his direction.

Max almost cursed under his breath, wishing he could maintain the same detached professionalism that seemed to be effortless to her. Unfortunately, ever since she'd started working for him, he'd been growing more and more fascinated by the woman. Did she even know that he existed as anything other than her employer or the crown prince of her country? He doubted it. She was too business oriented. Tara probably didn't even know that he was a different gender.

He glared at the closed doors. Other women threw themselves at him and he had heard that he had recently been nominated the most desirable bachelor for some women's magazine. What did other women see in him that Tara didn't?

Max turned on his heel, disgusted with himself for even thinking such ridiculous thoughts and walked quickly down the hallway toward his father's office. The king rarely summoned him during business hours so it must be something important to be called down to his father's office in the middle of the day. They generally spoke during dinner hours and discussed the business of the country and projects that happened during the day.

"Yes father?" Max asked as soon as he stepped into his father's private offices.

"Max! Good, good. Very efficient secretary you have there. I only called her five minutes ago."

"Yes. She's very good," he said, thinking of her luscious figure and wondering how good she would feel in his arms. He instinctively knew they would be incredible together.

"Have a seat," the king said, interrupting Max's sexual fantasy that starred his not-interested secretary. The king waved behind him indicating the sofa and chairs that were situated in one corner of his office. "I wanted to talk to you without the rest of the family around. Especially your mother."

Max had a sneaking suspicion he knew what this was going to be about if his father didn't want his mother involved. Marriage. Or more specifically, grandchildren.

As soon as they were both settled, Max was proven right. "I want to know what you're doing about producing an heir, son."

Max settled back and smiled fondly at his father. "I think you have several heirs and the trend will continue if Ana and Mara's current pattern is any indication," he joked.

The king was not interested in joking. "Don't be obtuse, Max. This is serious stuff. You're thirty six years old. You have an obligation to your title and to your country to marry and produce an heir to the throne. You should already have your nursery set up and well established by now. I want to know what is keeping you from producing my grandson."

Max wasn't intimidated by the king's demands. He smiled and nodded his head. "Just find me the right woman and I'll marry her, father." He ignored the image of Tara's impish smile that popped into his head. She wasn't interested in him in that way and he needed to accept that.

"Now, you know after the last two marriage experiences in this family, your mother has refused to do anything about arranged marriages anymore. Marabeth's was a relief to get out of and, well, you know about Anastasia's shocking behavior," the king shook his head at the memories. "Didn't think we'd make it to the alter on that one," the king said gruffly, remembering the chaos both his daughters had caused during their romances prior to the wedding.

Max laughed at his father's continued annoyance more than three years after Ana's wedding. Getting back to the topic, he reminded his father, "I take out every woman mother sees fit to match me up with."

"And then some," King Stephan grumbled, eyeing his son with a stern expression. "And if I know your mother, she's picking eminently eligible ladies to introduce you to. She's just as interested in having grandchildren but for a whole different reason entirely," he said stiffly.

Max smiled, knowing his father wanted exactly the same thing his mother wanted. "Are you saying you wouldn't like a few grandkids to spoil? Don't even try to convince me that you're only interested in ensuring succession of the crown," Max laughed. "I've seen you around Mindy, Lucas and Angelica. You love those kids," he said, referring to his nieces and nephew.

The king smiled fondly at the thought of his three grandchildren. "Yes, but they don't live here. And none will take over the throne. That's up to you. So what are you going to do about it?"

An image of a sultry, efficient brunette popped into his head. He quickly banished the idea. Tara didn't even know he was male, he reminded himself. If it didn't have a computer or budget attached to it, she wouldn't notice it. "I'll get right on it," Max said. "Was there anything else?"

King Stephan sighed heavily. "No. That's all. We'll catch up on the rest later."

Max stood up and walked over to his father's chair. "Sorry I can't speed things up, father," he said and patted his father's shoulder.

"Well, see what you can do about trying," Stephan said gruffly as his son walked to his office door.

"Will do," Max said before closing the door behind him. He walked back to his offices and found the meeting he'd left just letting out. Tara was still writing down notes on a notebook.

She looked up and noticed him, then quickly straightened, "I'll get these notes typed up for you immediately," she said and efficiently walked over to her computer.

"That's fine," Max said, stopping a short distance away so he could admire her legs in the shorter than normal skirt. "What's next on the agenda?" he asked, sitting down on the corner of her desk.

He watched as Tara pressed a few keys on her keyboard and his daily agenda popped up. "You have lunch with security, then afternoon meetings with the machinists union. That runs until five o'clock, and a charity ball tonight with Lady Margaret."

"Hmm..not very interesting, huh?"

Tara turned and smiled, her dimples appearing as if by magic. "Lacy Margaret isn't interesting?"

Max shook his head, enjoying the smile on her face. "Never met her. She's another one of my mother's setups."

"Well, be nice to this one," she laughed. "From what you told me about yesterday's fiasco, you were bordering on rude."

Max wasn't immune to her dimples. His body always reacted to her laughter because of those alluring dimples so he had to cough slightly to come up with a response. "If you're referring to the Countess Sophia, I was being incredibly nice. I warned her in advance of her annoying habits and I couldn't help it when she ignored my warnings."

"Yes, well, signing her up for nose surgery was really not gentlemanly." Tara shook her head, remembering Max telling her the next day about the conversation he'd had to have with his date who snorted when she laughed.

"I'll bet she does it though," Max teased.

Tara tried to maintain her frown, but he was just too charming. "I'll bet she does too," she said grinning, knowing that just about any woman would do anything to stay in the good graces of Prince Maximillian. It could be nauseating at times, the lengths some women would go through to get his attention.

Tara watched him flip through the notes she'd made on the report, admiring his long, slender fingers, his muscular forearms. She knew that the immaculately tailored suit hid the body of an Adonis. Max worked out in the gym either with trainers, his military leaders, usually Sam Montrose who was the Minister of Defense and an expert at martial arts, or by himself each morning for two hours and his body was packed with muscles. The shoulders of his suit were not padded by his tailor. In fact, his tailor probably had trouble finding enough cloth to cover those broad shoulders.

Tara's eyes continued to travel up his face, admiring his square jaw and firm lips that could quote the most beautiful poetry or slice a man to shreds in a meeting if Max didn't think the project or information had been up to his exacting standards. Tara never wanted to be on the receiving side of one of those tongue lashings. She liked her skin on her body, not shredded.

Her eyes moved higher, noting the long lashes she had always been jealous of. No man had the right to keep those lashes, she thought. They belonged on a girl.

She realized too late that he was staring at her and quickly looked down at her computer, her cheeks warming under his gaze.

"What did your father want to discuss with you?" she asked quickly, busily straightening her already perfectly neat desk.

"My sex life," Max teased, wanting to see her cheeks turn red again. He was curious about her long perusal and her reaction to him. Interesting!

It worked. Her eyes widened and her face turned even redder. "I'm sorry?" she choked.

He grinned at her flustered response. "Well, more specifically, my lack of an heir but they all go together, in my mind at least."

"Ah," she whispered, trying to banish the images his words produced in her head. Tara knew he would have the most beautiful children. How could he not? He was definitely the most handsome man she'd ever met in her life. "And did you explain how actively you're working on that project?"

"No. I can't lie to my father."

Tara didn't understand. "I thought you had a good time with Ms. Michaels last week. She seemed very nice."

Max shrugged his extremely large shoulders in indifference. "She was nice enough. But not really my type."

Tara raised her eyebrows at his response. "I thought your type was female," she laughed. "What was Ms. Michaels lacking?"

"Personality."

"She wasn't nice?"

"Oh, she was very nice. Pathetically nice."

"Pathetically nice? Is that possible?"

"Yes. I'd like my wife to have a spine and opinions of her own. I have my own, she won't need to adopt them to make me happy."

Tara sat down in her chair and pulled it closer to her computer, still chuckling at his answer. "Hmm...publish that in the paper and you're likely to get a riot outside the palace," she laughed.

"I'm sure my mother would pick several out of the crowd and bring them in for a date with me," he grimaced.

"I'm sure she would." They were interrupted by the phone ringing. Tara picked it up and answered it professionally. After only a moment, she nodded and then hung up the phone. "You're lunch meeting is waiting for you in the dining room."

Max sighed and pushed away from the wall he'd been leaning against. Just once, he wished she'd slam down the phone after telling the caller that he was unavailable. But then, he also wanted to kiss her until she couldn't answer the phone coherently. Since he didn't dare do that for fear of offending her and risk losing her, he simply nodded. "I'll be there shortly," he said.

"Have fun," she called out to his retreating back.

"Who is it with?" he asked.

She glanced down at her computer screen, still showing his calendar. "The Director of Security, Mike Daniels. You're discussing security and environmental concerns over the proposed coastal highway."

Max eyed her sharply. "You set this up, didn't you?" he asked, knowing she had a soft spot for endangered species and pristine beaches.

Tara shook her head, but couldn't hide her grin. "No, but I didn't turn him down when he called to request the appointment," she said cheekily. "At least it is over lunch and I made sure it was your favorite today," she called.

Max raised his eyebrows hopefully. "Steak and a beer?"

"Liver and onions," she called out as he stepped out of the office.

Max poked his head back in at her words, "You're kidding, right?" he asked, genuinely worried.

"Would I tease you?" she asked, her face serious. "I thought you loved liver and onions."

Max watched her for another long moment, not sure if she was kidding. He hated liver and onions but he'd have to eat it if that was being served. He couldn't offend his guests by not eating whatever was served.

He left, considering the idea of stopping in the kitchen to make sure it wasn't liver and onions but several people caught him along the way and he was running late. Max didn't want to keep the director waiting.

Max let out a breath of anticipation when the lunch was served. Seafood salad and rice pilaf allowed him to concentrate on the minister's words. But only to a point. He was slowly concocting ways to get back at his saucy secretary as soon as he got back to the office. He'd make her sit through the union meetings, he decided. That would be punishment enough for anyone, he smiled.

The security minister must have thought Max was agreeing with him because he launched into a more detailed discussion on other issues and Max groaned inwardly. Oh, yes. Tara was definitely going to pay for this one.

The meal finally ended and Max excused himself and headed back to his office. Upon entering, he saw Tara's hands hesitate on the keys before she continued to type.

He walked up to her desk and leaned down so he was looking into her eyes. "You're going to pay for that one. You understand that, don't you?"

Tara's eyes widened in feigned innocence but when his stern expression didn't alter, she burst into laughter.

Max shook his head, trying to keep from laughing himself. "I don't think you have the proper respect for my title, Ms. Jacobs," he said, continuing with his stern expression. "I have the perfect remedy for that though."

Tara finally gained control of her laughter, but just barely. "Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness. And you're wrong. I have just enough respect for you and your title. And I'm willing to prove it," she said, standing up and bowing carefully. `

Max stood up, crossing his arms over his chest and watched her mock him. He also received a delightful glimpse of the upper curves of her breasts when she bowed low and her silk shirt fluttered open slightly.

"A female curtsies," he explained and rolled his eyes. "A man bows. So again, how are you going to prove your respect?"

Tara sat back down in her chair and shook her head. "Sorry, no curtsies. I'm not that coordinated. What would satisfy you?" she asked and looked up at him, her eyes twinkling with merriment.

Several ideas came to mind on how she could satisfy him but none were appropriate at the moment. He cleared his throat and focused on his previous idea for punishment. "You're going to sit through these afternoon meetings with me. And you'll take notes and keep these men in line. They'd never get rowdy when a lady is present."

Tara was shaking her head at his first mention of the interminably long meetings with the union representatives. "Oh, Your Highness, please. Not those meetings. They are scheduled for the rest of the afternoon!"

Max just shook his head, showing he wasn't going to relent this time. "Sorry, you're punishment," he said and walked away. He didn't mention that he would enjoy staring at her legs for the afternoon, which would help him get through the boring and probably hostile meetings. The thought perked him up instantly.

The phone rang and their small period of levity was over for the rest of the day. It was usually extremely busy in his office but Max trusted that all the important information was filtering up to him. Tara had a wonderful way of controlling the chaos and managing the problems so only the most important issues reached his desk. She was usually able to resolve most issues before they became a problem and he loved that about her. Her predecessor would bring everything to him and Max sometimes became frustrated trying to delegate issues to others.

Max left the meeting with the union representatives and headed straight into the negotiations with the mechanics. He realized a little too late that it might have been an error to have Tara sit in on the meetings all afternoon. His gaze kept straying to her long legs that were crossed demurely as she sat in the chair next to him. Each time she moved, his focus was distracted from the discussions to her legs and he had to force himself to concentrate on the conversation again. He was sure he missed several pertinent topics during those periods.

Tara stepped out at one point and came back with a tray of cookies and tea for everyone. It was right at the moment when the tension was rising between the mechanics and the owners. The break helped enormously and Max again appreciated how she had an innate knack for knowing when things were becoming unproductive and reading people correctly. The rest of the meeting went off without a hitch and Max attributed that to the tea break where people got up, stretched and had informal discussions with each other. They were all able to settle back down and figure out a solution to several complaints between the two groups.

It was seven o'clock when Max finally sat back in his office chair. He noticed that Tara was no longer at her desk but her computer and light were still on. Max knew he should get moving to his rooms. He had some event he had to attend but he wasn't sure what it was.

He got up and moved out to her office, looking around. He clicked a few keys and pulled up his schedule. He wasn't thrilled. It was a charity ball for some organization he'd never heard of. And he definitely wasn't looking forward to meeting Lady Cecile, whoever she was.

The click of Tara's shoes behind him let him know that she was approaching and he moved out of her way. As soon as he took in her appearance, his mouth almost dropped open. Tara, his Tara who never dated, who always dressed in the most business-like suits possible, was dressed in a simple but elegant black, crepe cocktail dress that hugged her slender figure, making his mind whirl. Her hair was no longer neatly pinned to her neck but was flowing down her back, ending at her waist in soft, lustrous curls.

"What's going on?" he asked, instantly furious about her dress. He had known she was slender and built, but he'd had no idea she had such a traffic stoppingly incredible figure. She was voluptuous on top but with slender hips and long legs peeking out of a demure side slit on her dress.

"I have a date," Tara said, not meeting his eyes as she squeezed around him to turn off her computer. "And you have a ball to get ready for," she reminded him.

"You have a date? Since when?" Max asked, extremely bothered by this fact.

"Since last week."

"Who is he?" Max demanded, not liking the idea of any other man touching her. He knew he couldn't but he'd never even considered the possibility of another man doing what he constantly thought of doing.

"A friend of a friend," she explained casually.

His lips formed a thin line at her lack of an answer. "You're going on a blind date? Isn't that rather dangerous?"

Tara laughed nervously. "You're questioning me about danger? The man who pushes the limits on danger almost daily?"

"I'm serious, Tara. Why are you going on a blind date?" he asked, stepping quickly out of her way as she reached down for her purse, but he got a whiff of her perfume and it just made him angrier. He didn't like the idea of another man seeing her like this. He wanted to spend the evening with her, smell her perfume and run his fingers through her silky hair. Max clenched his jaw shut before he said something along those lines out loud.

Tara became annoyed with his double standard. The whole point of her date was to get over her infatuation with him and now he was getting angry with her? "Why don't you enjoy your date tonight, and I'll enjoy mine," she snapped, not the slightest bit intimidated by his angry posturing. "Then we can exchange notes tomorrow? I really need to hurry now. I'm running a little late." She pressed a few keys on her computer to finish shutting it down for the night, then slung her purse over her shoulder.

He watched her walk away on her sexy heels and wanted to pull her back. "Wait a minute, Tara," he called out to her retreating back. "Who is this guy? Do you even know him? Have you spoken to him? Do you know anything about him? What does he do for a living?"

Tara didn't answer his questions as she walked to the doorway. "Your Highness, you're not my father. I'll see you tomorrow bright and early. I believe Lady Margaret, your date tonight, is a lovely blond. You like blonds," she said and turned the corner in the office leaving Max still staring at the empty space.

"I don't like blonds," he said grumpily. "I like brunettes."

Max shook off the feeling and walked down the hallway to his rooms. He had a private suite in the palace for his exclusive use. There were several rooms consisting of a large bedroom, a sitting area with Palladian windows that looked out over the gardens and a kitchen which he rarely used, preferring to eat his meals with his family in one of the formal dining rooms or the breakfast room.

Inside his bedroom, he noted that his valet had already laid out his tuxedo for the night and he glared at it, wondering if Tara's date would be dressed as nicely as she was. He hoped not. He didn't like thinking the competition would be dressing nicely.

That thought made him stop short. Competition? Since when did he consider Tara someone he could pursue? Then again, why couldn't he? The idea was so appealing, it stopped him in his tracks. He stood in the middle of the bedroom considering the idea and how wonderful it would be to pursue the one woman who really interested him.

The answer struck him almost like a physical blow. He couldn't pursue her because she wasn't interested in him. At no time had she shown any interest in him as a male much less as an appealing male. Then he remembered her looking at him earlier in the afternoon. He dismissed that since it was only a short glance. There was also the fact that she was a great asset to his office staff and he didn't want to lose her for a short term fling. But that just came down to the fact that he didn't want to hurt her with a short term affair. With Tara, it would be long term. He could imagine her.....Max stopped thinking along those lines. It wouldn't get him anywhere and he had to get ready for his current date.

Max shrugged off the idea and quickly showered and changed into the tuxedo. He didn't really want to go out tonight and, more so, he didn't want to spend the evening with yet another female in a long line of females his mother continued to put in front of him in the hopes of getting him to settle down.

The evening was pretty much a blur to Max who went through the motions of meeting, greeting and enjoying the night. But by the time he got back to his suite, alone, he couldn't remember a single detail of the night. Not even his date's name.

Chapter 2

Tara smiled as the dark blue car approached the gates of the palace. She was standing outside the gates, waiting for her date to pick her up. She could have cleared him through the gates, but she didn't know anything about him, so it was safer if he remained outside the security barrier.

"Hello!" the man said as soon as she stepped into the passenger seat. "I'm hoping you are Tara Jacobs and not some strange woman who just happens to be waiting curbside for men to pick up."

Tara smiled stiffly at the offensive comment that she might be a prostitute. "I'm Tara. And you're Jeffrey?" she confirmed. Wow, she really wouldn't tell Max that she'd gotten into someone's car before confirming that he was the right person. He'd not like that at all. Well, she understood that he didn't like the idea of her going out on a blind date in the first place, but she ignored that and tried to warm up to the man.

She couldn't tell how tall he was since he was in the car, but he had a nice enough face, in a soft kind of way. He had a hairline that was almost to the middle of his head and soft blue eyes. He definitely wasn't Max, but then, who was?

Tara stopped that thought process. Max was interested only in her business skills. She was not going to let her infatuation with the man linger any longer, hence the blind date. Besides, Max needed to find his future queen she reminded herself. That fact definitely ruled her out of his future. That thought brought to mind the woman he was with and that he was probably having a wonderful time with the blond nemesis so she needed to concentrate and have a nice evening herself.

"What are we going to do tonight?" she asked, trying to get into the spirit of the evening.

He didn't notice her apparent lack of interest. "I have tickets to the opera tonight. I love the opera. Do you?"

Tara hated the opera. "That sounds lovely," she lied.

"Great. Let's get going then," he said and pulled the car into the stream of heavy evening traffic.

Tara was starving. When she'd originally spoken to him on the phone earlier in the week, he had mentioned taking her out to dinner. In fact, he had gone into great detail about a wonderful restaurant he wanted to take her to which he had just discovered. So Tara hadn't eaten anything, assuming that they would be going out for dinner.

She watched as the lights of the city passed by and wondered if she should say something to him. Could he have forgotten the whole conversation? Or were they going to eat at the theatre? She had never been to this particular theatre so she wasn't sure if there was a restaurant within the building as well. She certainly hoped so.

He parked the car and Tara followed him through the crowd heading for the entrance. Obviously, she was not going to get any dinner, she grimaced. Apparently, they would arrive just in time for the performance.

They were seated at the end of the row in the middle of the opera house and the seats, although not the best, were fine and they had an adequate view of the stage. She could see most of the opera and only parts were behind the curtain on this side.

What Jeffrey had failed to mention was that this was a Chinese opera. That meant very slow movements and dissonant tones. By the time intermission was called, Tara had a headache that was so intense, she thought she was going to be ill.

When he just made room for the other patrons to get out of their chairs, indicating that he wasn't planning on going out to the lobby for intermission, Tara couldn't hold her tongue anymore. "I'm sorry, Jeffrey but I need to get something. I'll be back in a moment," and she slipped out of the chair and into the wide open space of the lobby. She didn't explain that she needed to find something to eat. It would be just her luck that he would follow her and bore her with some inane conversation. It was better that she just go and find something to eat as quickly as possible.

Tara stood in the line for concessions but was frustrated when they only had champagne and candy. Why in the world would they not have anything else? She bought some candy and ate it as quickly as possible, then found a water fountain to wash it down. Downing a glass of champagne with so little in her stomach would be a bad thing, she knew. After the water and candy, she felt moderately better, but really didn't want to go back into the opera to see the second half. She considered the consequences to just hailing a cab and leaving the insensitive Jeffrey to enjoy the painful opera by himself. What could be the worst that could happen? Her friend might be a little upset but once Tara explained the evening, wouldn't that wipe away any irritations?

Tara knew that leaving during the intermission would be unbelievably rude and that realization was the only thing that stopped her from turning to the right which led to the exit and freedom.

Tara sighed and walked back into the opera house, taking her seat at the last possible moment before the lights were dimmed and the opera started again. It was unfortunate that she'd been up since five o'clock that morning and she'd only had sugar for dinner. Because the long hours and stress of the day, the slow movements of the actors, plus the sugar low from her "dinner" crashed in on her at the same time. Within fifteen minutes after the intermission, her eyes drifted closed and she propped her head on her hand, hoping her date wouldn't be offended at her rudeness but not really caring since consciousness had completely receded.

Fortunately, he didn't even notice. The opera ended on a loud bang and Tara sat straight up in her seat, instantly awake and looking around, trying to figure out what had just happened. The lights were still dark but everyone was cheering loudly, obviously impressed with the actors and their efforts. Tara wondered if she'd missed something during the second half but wasn't about to ask her date.

She turned to face him at that point and found that Jeffrey was clapping loudly, thrilled with the performance. "Wasn't that amazing?" he asked, looking at her as if he'd just had an epiphany and she couldn't help but have experienced it as well.

Tara couldn't understand how the man had been so unconcerned for her that he didn't even know she'd been asleep for the past hour. "It was definitely an experience," she said diplomatically. Jeffrey didn't notice her lack of enthusiasm, still so thrilled by the performance that his excitement was all but bubbling over. All she wanted to do was get home and crawl into her bed.

"How about a drink?" Jeffrey asked as they made their way out of the theatre. "I feel too energized to just stop now. I'm guessing you probably feel the same way? How could anyone not feel that way after this kind of a performance? Can you imagine the kind of patience those actors have to have in order to..." Jeffrey kept talking the whole way back to his car. He barely even waited for Tara to nod or smile appropriately before he moved on to talk about the next amazing aspect of the opera. By the time they reached his car, Tara had stopped responding, understanding that there was no need since the man was in his own world that consisted only of himself and his awe of the Chinese opera.

Over the top of the car, Jeffrey smiled across to her, the excitement obvious in his expression. "Let's head over to a quiet bar I know of. We can relax and talk, get to know one another," he said then ducked his head into the car as if he was taking her agreement for granted. As soon as they were seated inside the car, he put his hand on her thigh and smiled broadly. "Are you game?"

Tara stared down at his hand in shock. Picking up his hand, she placed it on the seat next to his own leg, horrified that the man would take such liberties after such a short acquaintance. "I appreciate the offer but I'm really tired and I have an early morning."

Jeffrey didn't take rejection well. His face crinkled up as if he were sneering at her and his soft eyes turned beady and a little mean. "Oh, come on," he whined. "The night is still young. It's been too wonderful already. I can't believe how fascinating that was," and he started the engine while rhapsodizing on the amazing performance she had just slept through.

He wasn't heading back to the palace where her car was still parked so Tara assumed he was ignoring her rejection of the bar idea. "Jeffrey, could you drop me off at my house? I'm really beat," she asked since they were now closer to her home than her car. Tara decided it would be easier take a cab to work the following morning instead of trying to convince the man to take her back to the palace. She just wanted the night to end.

"Just a quick drink?" he asked, the whining more pronounced now that he heard the serious tone of her voice.

A headache that had been niggling for the past two hours suddenly struck full blown. "No, thank you," she said firmly, rubbing her forehead in frustration and pain. "If you turn left up here, I'm just around the corner."

He didn't respond for a moment and Tara was worried that he would ignore her request to take her home. But in the end, he acquiesced. "Fine," he snapped and turned left.

After five more minutes, he pulled up to her house and shut off the engine. He was about to get out when she stopped him. "It's okay. You don't need to walk me to my door," she said hurriedly and pulled the door open so she could quickly jump out. She bent back down to say goodbye to him in an effort to reinforce her stance that she didn't need to be walked, and offered a brief smile. "Thank you for taking me to the opera, Jeffrey," she said before slamming the door closed on whatever he was about to say.

She wasn't to escape then though. "What about a kiss?" he called out over the roof of the vehicle as he stood on the opposite side of his car.

Besides waking up the neighbors with his loud voice, Tara couldn't believe the man's gall. "I'm sorry. I'm old fashioned. I never kiss on the first date," she called back, not bothering to even look at him as she rejected his request. She figured it was enough that she didn't shiver in revulsion at the idea of kissing the man.

She quickly unlocked the door to her small cottage style house and let herself inside. Once she was safely in the house, she locked the door and leaned against the wood, relieved to be alone and away from that self-centered, obnoxious man.

Tara peeked out the family room window and watched to make sure he was driving away. She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw his tail lights disappear down the street.

Chapter 3

"What a night," she said and moved off to her bedroom. It wasn't far. Her entire house consisted of just three main rooms; the family room, kitchen and bedroom plus a small bathroom. But it was hers and she loved it. It was summer now and she had a beautiful backyard filled with flowers and a brick pathway as well as a patio surrounded by plants that she spent many hours on the weekends weeding and perfecting. She also spent a great deal of time fantasizing out there, wondering what it would be like to melt in the arms of Max, to be kissed by a man as amazingly dynamic, strong and masculine as he was. She knew that the fantasy could never live up to the reality. She'd built so many scenarios around the man it was ridiculous.

She was twenty six years old and had been working for the man for two years. She knew she had it bad for him and that's one reason why she had agreed to this blind date. Tara used to date a lot before starting her job with the palace. But after meeting Max, no other man seemed to measure up. He was too...everything. Too masculine, too charming, too sexy...just too everything she wanted in a man. But couldn't have.

Tara understood the pecking order in the world. Max was a prince. He was royalty. More importantly, he was the Crown Prince of Cordova and would eventually inherit the throne and rule the kingdom. Tara was a commoner. Royalty married royalty or at least someone from the aristocracy. Max would need to marry someone born to help him rule the country and knew all the ins and outs of politics and organizing large functions to make the country work more efficiently.

She was not aristocratic by any stretch of the imagination. Commoners married commoners. There were no two ways around that fact of life no matter how much she wished it were different.

Besides, Max dated women who spent their days pampering themselves, getting manicures and massages, plastic surgery and fittings for their designer wardrobe. Tara spent her days buried under piles of reports and spreadsheets. Because of her salary, she could afford very nice clothes, but not designer or custom made clothes that were designed specifically for her and made to flatter and enhance her beauty. They were all nice, neat, professional clothes. She started out her day with a neatly made up face but by the end of the morning, her lipstick was gone and she knew she usually looked worn out when she fell into her car in the evenings. She couldn't really compete with women whose sole purpose was to look pretty and stylish.

Tara wondered what Queen Natasha or King Stephan would think if they found out about her feelings for their son. She'd probably be fired, Tara thought, pulling on a tee-shirt and slipping between the sheets. There was no use wondering about that, she told herself. It was a secret she was determined to hide from everyone. Tara preferred being around Max, even if it meant watching him date other women, and possibly marry someone else. Any connection to the man made her feel alive and alert so she was willing to take what she could get, even if it meant being only an employee.

It was past midnight and Tara was exhausted. She set her alarm for six the following morning, not sure if she'd be able to wake up in time for her usual five o'clock run through the neighborhoods. She usually came home from work around eight or nine o'clock at night and was in bed by ten or earlier so waking up at five o'clock wasn't too painful. Since it was so late she felt, and probably, looked like a zombie.

Within moments of her head hitting the pillow, she was asleep. Unfortunately, when her alarm went off the next morning, her hand went out to turn it off but her mind never turned on. It was almost eight o'clock when she rolled over and covered her face with her arm, trying to block out the sunshine streaming in through her bedroom window. The sun on her face actually woke her up since it rarely happened.

"Oh my gosh," she said, sitting straight up in bed. "I'm late!"

Tara jumped out of bed and showered quickly. Grabbing the first thing that she could in her closet, she pulled on a navy suit and a simple cream silk shirt, both of which were professional looking but still circumspect which was her preferred style in the office since it allowed her to achieve a look of responsibility. Pulling on the first pair of navy pumps her hands could grab, she was out the door and pulling her hair into a bun at the same time, then coming to a screeching halt as she realized that her car was not in her garage.

"That man!" she said, rushing back into the house and calling the cab company. She remembered that Jeffrey had picked her up at the palace the night before so she'd left her car in the parking lot, assuming she'd be back to drive it home. "I should send the cab bill to him," she muttered under her breath as she dialed the number.

It was almost nine o'clock by the time she got to her desk. Max was coming out of a meeting, shaking someone's hand as he said goodbye to the man while she stored her purse in her desk drawer. Tara turned quickly toward her computer and clicked on the keyboard which pulled up his schedule for the day, groaning when she realized that he had been meeting with the head of an oil company and she had been asked to take notes in the meeting.

The man left and Max turned around, his eyes taking in her appearance. "Late night?" he asked in a deceptively casual tone. He walked over to stand in front of her desk, his eyes noting the dark circles under her eyes and the soft, wispy hair that was coming out of her bun, making her look softer and more feminine.

Tara noticed the direction of his gaze and pulled a stray lock of hair behind her ear in an effort to look more polished. She wished she had a brush and hairspray so she could smooth it all back into the chignon but she couldn't leave at the moment if his angry expression was any indication. "Yes. Too late," she said, her voice shaking. "I'm sorry I'm also late arriving for work. I didn't wake up to the alarm this morning," she said weakly and shuffled some papers on her desk.

Max crossed his arms over his chest, ignoring her smile as his anger grew. He already hated the man who got to take her out last night and he didn't even know his name. "Nice date last night?" he asked, wishing he could punch the man's face in, whoever he was.

Tara smiled wanly, remembering the horrible evening. "It was okay," she lied. She'd seen Max angry before but his anger had always been directed at someone else. She had never been on the receiving end of it before and it was quite terrifying.

He walked closer, then stopped by her desk to look at her, his mouth showing his displeasure. "I'm glad you are okay. Why was your car here all night?"

Tara was instantly on her guard. "I...my date just drove me home."

A muscle started twitching on the side of his face but Tara maintained eye contact with him. "Did he come inside?" he asked, placing one hand on either side of her desk and leaning over to watch her expression.

"I don't think that's any of your business," she said, sensing his increased fury and getting angry herself. She turned back to her computer, unwilling to be interrogated about her blind date when he had been on one himself. "How was Lady Margaret? Pretty enough for you?" she asked, and instantly regretted her catty tone of voice.

"I suppose she was nice enough although I don't remember much about her, but back to your mystery date and your late night. You don't think it is my business," he said ominously. "I think it is," he countered, his voice low and obviously angry. "When you're late for work because of your wild dates, it becomes my business," he snapped. "Get me the statistics on the latest environmental reports and be in my office in ten minutes."

With those words, he left her staring at him with a slack jaw. He'd never spoken to her like that before. They had always had a perfect sense of rhythm in the office and Tara knew that he didn't need or want those statistics until later this afternoon when he would have time to review them. Was he just being domineering to prove that he could?

Angrily, she grabbed the reports which were already compiled and summarized, two copies; one for him so he could review them and one for herself so she could take notes for further action later. She'd already made the copies knowing that he'd want to review them later this afternoon. Within five minutes, she handed him one of the reports, slapping it into the middle of his desk. She then turned around and sat down in the chair opposite his desk, waiting for him to start his review with her pencil poised over the report but not willing to look at him since she was now angry herself.

"Tell me about your date," he snapped, ignoring the reports.

Turning the top page of the reports he'd requested, her pen poised to take notes, but Tara wouldn't look him in the eye. "It was wonderful," she lied. "The man was fabulous, funny and charming. He took me to a wonderful event, we had interesting food...I mean, what more could a woman ask for?" she said, and watched a bird fly past the window right over his shoulder. "Is there anything else you need to know?" she asked crisply, determined to ignore any overtures from him while he was in this kind of a mood. "Maybe the color of his hair or his eyes? I'm sure both of those little pieces of information are relevant to the day's meetings, aren't they?"

Max didn't say anything for a long moment as he continued to watch her angry eyes. When he finally did speak, it was to snap orders at her about the project that was in proposal right now. It was a pet project of his and she took detailed notes. But just as she suspected, he didn't even touch the report she'd just placed on his desk.

When he finished, she stood up and walked out, still not looking at him. "I'll get these notes typed up and delegated immediately," she said crisply and walked out of his office.

Max cursed under his breath and wished he could call her back and talk to her. He'd hurt her feelings but knew he couldn't fix it at the moment. He'd spent an awful night wondering what she was doing and if the man she was with was touching her, kissing her. The thought drove him crazy.

And what the hell was she wearing today? He suddenly noticed her pass in front of his office door as she pulled something down off of one of the shelves in the outer office. She'd never worn clothes that tight before in the office. Her suits were always crisp, neat and tailored without a hint of femininity, but this suit had a short skirt that ended well above her knees and pulled across her very nice derriere he noted. The jacket was also snug but not ill-fitting. It gave him a nice view of her luscious breast as it pulled across her chest.

He'd seen the high heeled shoes before but paired with the short skirt, they made her look sexier, more feminine. Max couldn't help staring at her as she walked, enjoying the view despite his anger over last night.

Very nice, he thought to himself. His body thought so as well. It was already reacting to his thoughts, and it was becoming painful as he watched her bend down and file something in a filing cabinet that wasn't in his line of vision through the doorway. But her legs were. And his eyes feasted on the vision as if he'd been starving for years.

Max shifted in his seat and pushed those thoughts out of his mind. He'd messed up this morning, demanding information he had no right to ask. But dammit, he wanted her! She preferred going out with a complete stranger to dating him? He wasn't vain but that just didn't make any sense. What was it other women saw in him that she didn't?

She just wasn't interested, Max told himself. He needed to be magnanimous about this issue. If she would be happy with someone else, he should just let it go and hope she fell in love and found happiness.

Max buried himself in work for the next hour, plowing through the administrative needs that came with running a country. He'd been taking on more and more of these kinds of issues as his father moved into retirement, if that's what one could call a king.

He was congratulating himself on his concentration when he saw her bend over and file something else. Tossing down his pencil, he gave up and considered his position. He could either apologize for his behavior this morning or just ignore the woman completely. Apologizing wasn't something he did very often but ignoring her was out of the question, especially if she was going to keep filing whatever she was filing, allowing him an enticing view of her long, sexy legs.

The latter just wasn't a possibility so he'd have to apologize. Walking out to her office, he stood in his doorway for a moment, waiting for her to get off the phone. She had her back to him so she wasn't aware that he was standing in her office at the moment.

"No, I have to go, Nancy," Tara said. A moment of silence. "No. I'm not going out with that man again. He was awful."

Max knew he was eaves dropping but didn't care. She had to be talking about her date last night and wanted to hear more. The beginning of the conversation was just too interesting, a soothing balm to his wounded ego.

Tara shook her head, obviously rejecting whatever suggestion the person at the other end of the phone was saying. "He was obnoxious and self-centered and irritating. I'm sorry. I know Jeffrey is a friend of your husband, but there's no way I'm going out with him again. I just wish he didn't know where I live but he wouldn't drive me back to get my car last night so I didn't have a choice. It was either have him drive me home or go out to a bar with him and that was definitely not on the agenda after that awful evening." Tara shivered in revulsion and leaned back in her chair as she continued to listen to her friend.

Max felt a weight lift off his shoulders with her words. He wanted to slam down the phone and lift her up onto her desk and kiss her until she realized that he could make her happy.

"Kiss him? Are you nuts? The man actually whined when I left him in his car. I'm not really attracted to men like that, Nancy. You should know me better than that."

Now Max definitely wanted to hear more. What kind of man was she attracted to?

Tara picked up a report and started making notes in the margins, obviously not completely focused on her phone call. "Yes, well, I know you're opinion on my love life. I've definitely heard it enough times before." A long pause. "Yes. I agree. I don't want to die a virgin. That isn't on my priority list, but so far, I haven't been able to do much about it."

If he hadn't been leaning against the doorjamb, he might have fallen on the floor with that bit of information. Tara was a virgin? How could that be possible? A woman as sexy and gorgeous as Tara? Not to mention funny and intelligent?

He wasn't sure how it was possible, but Max was thrilled with that news. He stepped back into his office and smiled to himself. He knew himself well enough to realize that he was somewhat of a sexist. And the news that no man had ever touched Tara the way he wanted to touch her just confirmed that fact. He wanted to be the one to initiate her into the world of lovemaking. The ideas that popped into his mind just intensified the painful feeling in his groin and he had to breathe heavily to get his body back under control.

He didn't examine his possessive feelings too deeply. He definitely wasn't a virgin so why did he like the idea in Tara so much? He had been enjoying the company of women since he was a teenager. And he had been continuing to enjoy women ever since. Well, not much since Tara had been working for him he realized. Max thought back and, although he escorted women to several events each week, he realized that he hadn't been with any woman for almost a year and a half. Just about the same amount of time Tara started working for him.

That thought irritated him and he looked out the window, wondering what that meant about his feelings toward his secretary. It couldn't be good.

"Are you okay?" Tara said from behind him.

Max turned around quickly but didn't know she was so close to him. He almost fell on top of her but caught himself, and her, just in the nick of time. He put his hands around her waist and pulled her close, keeping them both from falling onto the floor.

Tara's face flamed up and her hands automatically grasped his shoulders. As soon as they were steady, she stepped back two steps but her face was red and her breathing was slightly increased. He noticed that she wouldn't look him in the eyes either.

Interesting, he thought. Had he been missing something all these months? Max considered all the possibilities to see if there was something more to her feelings for him. Was she attracted to him as well and just not showing it? He liked that idea.

"I brought you some tea," she said and waved a hand at his desk where a fresh cup of tea and his favorite biscuits were sitting in the middle. "I'm sorry to disturb you. I know you're extremely busy today."

"That's okay. You didn't disturb me. And I needed to apologize," he said, and waved her into the chair she'd vacated over an hour ago. Once she was seated, he sat down in his own chair behind his desk. "I'm sorry about my comments this morning. They were out of line and uncalled for. I guess my only excuse is that I wasn't used to you looking like you did last night and it threw me for a curve ball," he explained. He watched her eyes, wondering if she understood

"Thank you," she whispered. "I'm sorry I was late this morning."

Max grimaced at her polite tone. "You probably weren't late, just on time and I'm used to you being in the office when I get here in the morning around seven."

She smiled tentatively at his sincerity. "Well, either way. I'm sorry."

"Me too. So tell me about your date last night? Did you have fun?"

Tara smiled wryly, trying to hide her reaction to his smile which caused the normal butterflies to flit inside her tummy. Max had a devastatingly handsome smile and used it to charm even the most sophisticated women. She had to concentrate hard in order to answer his simple question. "We went to the opera," she said finally, thankful her mind started working again after his smile.

Max raised an eyebrow at her answer. "You hate the opera."

"I know," she laughed but it came out tense even to her own ears. "It was a Chinese opera."

"Uh oh," Max's mouth twisted at the thought. "Even I don't like those. I need more movement. I guess it's our impatient western personalities, huh?"

"I guess so."

"So where did you go to eat?"

Tara laughed again but it turned into more of a grimace in the end as she remembered her horrible night of hunger and fatigue. "I had a package of jelly beans during intermission."

Max's face showed his concerned thoughts. "When did you have dinner? I know you didn't eat before you left."

Tara felt a warm glow inside with the realization that he was actually concerned about her. In her smile-weakened mind, she pretended that it was because he felt something more for her than just an employee. "How did you know?" she asked, curious.

"There's very little you do that I don't know about," he chuckled, thinking about her filing of a few minutes ago. He wasn't about to reveal his voyeurism though. Especially not to her. Or any of his other thoughts that revolved around her legs, or her lips...his eyes dropped slightly and only for a moment as they rested on her breasts before he stopped himself from having more unprofessional thoughts about those perfectly pert, hidden treasures.

"Oh," she said, unsure of what that meant. She blinked and smiled a little unsteadily before continuing, "Well, anyway. I haven't had breakfast either, so I'm going to load up on cream in my coffee," she said and stood up to do just that.

His next words stopped her from leaving his office which was exactly what he'd intended. "Why don't you order something from the kitchen to be brought to you?"

Tara was horrified at the suggestion. "Oh, I couldn't do that," she said, shaking her head.

"Why not? You do it all the time for meetings."

Still shaking her head, she said, "But that's for meetings and your guests. I can't do it for my own personal needs. Besides, its just laziness."

Max disregarded her contradictions. "Don't be silly. You missed breakfast and dinner last night. There's a perfectly good chef down the hallway just waiting to create something delicious. I'll order for you if you're not going to do it." He picked up the phone and raised an eyebrow at her, silently asking her what the kitchen's extension was.

Tara was horribly embarrassed to have the Crown Prince of Cordova ordering breakfast for her. "Please, Your Highness, it isn't important. I'll get something later."

He put down the phone and typed something up on his computer. He got the phone number and dialed. While he was waiting for someone to answer, he said, "You've been working for me for over two years. Isn't it time you started calling me Max?"

"Goodness, no!" she said, horrified by the familiarity.

"Why not?" but he held up a finger asking her to wait.

"I'd like a full breakfast delivered to my office immediately," he said. It only took a moment for him to nod and hang up the phone. "If I order you to do it, would that work?"

"To use your first name? No," Tara laughed, surprised by the charming eagerness in his usually formidable expression.

Max chuckled. "Fair enough." They worked on several issues and were interrupted a half hour later by a palace waiter delivering delicious smelling food. Since Tara hadn't eaten since yesterday at lunch, she was famished and took the waffles with syrup to her desk.

Chapter 4

At midday, things were back to normal and the staff was working through a large project. Tara picked up her phone mid afternoon and answered it as she normally would. Tara was glad to have things back on track between her and Max but she thought about the way his hands felt when he'd steadied her. It had been wonderful. Her traitorous body kept thinking about what it would be like to feel his hands against her skin instead of just her blouse.

She realized she was just staring into space and jumped. "Good afternoon. Tara Jacobs speaking, how can I help you?" she hurriedly said to whoever was waiting on the other end of the phone line.

A feminine voice laughed after a pregnant pause. "Tara? Were you going to call me and tell me how things went last night?"

Tara was relieved that it was her friend and not some ambassador needing to speak to Max, or worse, the king or queen. "Cindy? Hi." Tara looked around to make sure she was alone before talking. "No. I wasn't. I was going to pretend like the whole thing just never happened."

"Oooh. That bad, huh?"

"Worse. Thank everyone for the effort but don't in the future," she said, referring to her close friends who seemed to be on a mission to help her find a husband.

"But I thought you were trying to get out there and get over this thing you have with our hunky future leader. This is a huge change since yesterday when you were excited about the possibility of finding someone else."

"I was and I still need to get over him," she whispered, afraid Max would hear her and understand that she was talking about him and her feelings for him. "But after last night, I'm not trusting you or the others anymore," she laughed. "I'll find my own dates somehow."

Cindy was relentless, knowing that Tara would never get out and find eligible men on her own. "That was just one bad night. You can't judge all men because of one bad night. Give us another chance. We only knew that guy through a friend. There's bound to be others out there that are better."

"I'm not judging all men. I'm judging all blind dates," Tara countered.

"Well, then you're going to miss out on a prime opportunity. Unless you were willing to come to a party or two and stop working so much," her friend admonished.

Tara laughed softly and looked down at her keyboard. "Don't even start with that. You know I work a lot of parties for the prince. And as for the blind dates, I'm not falling for it twice. Especially when I'm so tired after last night. I overslept because that man got me home so late."

"Well just forget about last night. I met another guy who I think you should meet. This one is wonderful. I promise," Cindy said coaxingly.

Tara was unconvinced. After last night, there wasn't much her friend could say to convince her to go out on another blind date. "Uh huh. Sure he is. No deal."

"Tara, you have to go out with him," her friend said firmly. "Otherwise, you'll be a stale old maid with no children, no husband and lusting after a man who is married to the future queen who is giving him tons of children. Meanwhile, you sit at home knitting some sweater or socks for your cat which you don't have yet but you'll soon get and dote on like it is your offspring. Not a pretty picture, is it?"

Tara groaned silently. Cindy wasn't holding anything back in her efforts to get Tara out and dating someone. "You really know how to twist things, don't you?"

Cindy laughed but wouldn't relent. "I don't need to twist anything. I'm looking into my crystal ball right now and I can see the future. So what do you say? Want to meet Greg?"

"No."

"Don't be so quick to say no on this one. He's very nice, in his thirties so that means he's ready to settle down sooner rather than later and he's a programmer so he makes a good living."

Tara shuffled through the papers on her desk, knowing she'd need to get back to work soon or she'd be in the office all night. She didn't want to be rude to her friend, but she was not interested in meeting this new man. "I make a good living. I don't need a man to provide for me."

"I'm not saying that as if it should be the sole criterion for your future husband. It is only an indicator of personal integrity. I mean, come on, would you want to meet a man who is a leech to his parents, living at home and smoking marijuana all afternoon?"

Tara shuddered at the picture in her mind. "No." Definitely not, she told herself.

"Good," Cindy said victoriously. "Then when he calls tonight, remember to be nice."

Tara gasped at her friend's words. "You gave him my home phone number? Why did you do that? You didn't even get my permission."

"I know. But it was more expedient this way," Cindy laughed. "And I didn't give him your home phone number. You're never there. I told him to call you here at the office or on your cell phone but in the evenings when you're supposed to be home anyway."

Tara didn't like this one little bit. She felt as if she'd lost control of a part of her life she'd never even had before. But what good was having a personal life if her friends were going to commandeer her into relationships? "How could you? I don't even know this guy's last name!" she said and looked up, right into the angry eyes of Max. "Cindy, I have to go," she said and hung up the phone before Cindy could utter another word.

"I'm sorry, Your Highness," Tara said, standing and bowing her head slightly. She could tell he was extremely angry and suspected it was because of her personal call. "I'll make sure all personal calls happen at home," she said.

"Another date?" Max snapped. "Who with this time?"

Tara was stunned by his anger. He'd never shown this kind of emotion in the office with anyone. Max was always the epitome of the diplomat. "I'm sorry?" she stammered, not sure if he was angry over the phone call or the fact that she was going on another date.

"Who is he?" Max snapped again.

"He?"

"Your date?" Max was trying to control his temper but he absolutely hated the idea of anyone touching her other than him. He thought he'd dodged this bullet since her previous night had gone so poorly but obviously she was still looking to get involved. And she obviously wasn't looking toward him as a possibility.

"I don't know," she replied honestly.

His lips thinned in anger and a muscle started twitching on his jaw. "You don't know? And you're going on a date with him?" he asked, becoming angrier by the second. "I thought last night was enough to set you straight on blind dates. Are you looking for someone to hurt you before you realize that it isn't a good idea?" he demanded, leaning over her desk with his hands flat on her papers.

Tara was sick of his intimidation tactics and tired of his anger over her personal life. Unless he was going to volunteer to step in, he could just step out. "Listen here, Your Highness," she said, leaning toward him and not backing down, "I don't know who this guy is but I'm going out with him. I'm heading toward thirty and I'm not going to be single and childless for the rest of my life. And who I date is no concern of yours," she ended, then snatched up a stack of files and walked away from him.

The rest of the afternoon was tense and Tara ignored Max as much as possible. She didn't call her friend back for more information and thankfully, her latest blind date didn't call either while she was in the office. It would be very awkward to be introducing herself to someone knowing Max would be listening in and glaring at her during the conversation.

Why was he even interested? He dated plenty of other women. Why was it so horrible that she date other men? It wasn't as if he wanted her, she told herself, feeling awful because it was the truth. A truth she wished was different.

Tara went home that night and all she wanted to do was crawl into a hot bath and soak for an hour with a glass of wine and soft music. She pulled the pins out of her hair as she made her way into the house, dropped her bag full of work by the sofa and let out a long sigh of relief that the day was finally over.

Unfortunately, her wish was not to be granted tonight. As soon as she walked into her bedroom, preparing to start the water for a bath, her cell phone started ringing. The first call was from her mother asking about her date from the previous night. After explaining in horrible details of the evening, all she got from her mother was that the next man will be the "one".

Tara's mother was the ultimate romantic, always professing that the right man was out there somewhere and she just needed to stop working so much and start looking for him.

"Remember, you're not getting any younger," her mother announced almost daily now.

"Yes, mother. I'm twenty six years old. I'm practically over the hill and if I don't find someone to take care of me, I might need to remain an independent and satisfied woman on my own for the rest of my life," Tara replied, not for the first time.

Tonight, Tara's mother wasn't taking any of her daughter's sass. "Don't take that tone with me, dear. I know you better than you think," her mother came back seriously. "You're not as different from me as you'd like to believe. You'd like a man to come along and sweep you off your feet and some day, when you decide it's time for it to happen, it will," she assured her. "You just need to be more open to the idea and get over this silly infatuation you have with our handsome prince."

"Yes, Mother," Tara sighed softly through the phone. "I know you're right. I'll call you later," she said and ended the call. Unfortunately, her mother was right. Tara might look and pretend to be the hard core career woman, and she genuinely loved her job even on Prince Maximillian's more ornery days like today. But she really did want a family as she'd told him earlier today. And her mother wasn't far off. Tara wasn't getting any younger. If she wanted to meet, fall in love with and marry a man, she needed to get on the ball and be out there. Maybe she should join a gym, get off work at a normal time, maybe spend some time....Tara shuddered at the idea of any couples options. They seemed just as slimy as blind dates. She knew it wasn't her scene. But what was? Working alone for the rest of her life? Watching the man she really wanted from afar as he married someone else? That wasn't a good option either.

She shook herself out of her mild depression, determined to figure out how to get over Max and find someone else. There had to be a way, she thought determinedly. Tara had only taken two steps away from the phone when it rang again.

She almost considered not answering it, afraid it might be another friend asking about her blind date of the previous night or even worse, one of them trying to set her up with another man. In the end, she knew she had to answer it. She was just too curious not to know who was at the other end of the line. "Hello?" she said into the receiver.

"Tara Phillips?" a masculine voice asked.

"Yes. Who's calling?"

"This is Greg Knight. I believe we have a mutual acquaintance. She told me to give you a call."

"Ah! Cindy."

"Yes. She's a very nice person. Very persuasive. She told me to call you at work but then later, she called me back and asked me to call you at home instead. I'm sure there's a story there but I'm not sure what it is," he said with a laugh.

Tara had to give the man points for his laugh. It was very nice. Not strong and defined like Max's but full of life and humor which was a good sign. A very good sign. Instead of coming up with a reason to ring off immediately, she hung on for a few moments, giving the man a chance, but not much of one, she knew. "Yes, well, I hate to do this, but I don't think I'm comfortable dating someone a friend of mine meets in a coffee shop. Doesn't it seem a little odd?"

"I agree" he chuckled awkwardly. "It seems a little weird. And normally, I would have turned her down flat and ignored her suggestion to call, but she said you were really wonderful and I should give you a call. So how about if we meet for coffee in a very public place and introduce ourselves? It could be a neutral place and no pressure."

Tara hesitated for only a moment. He sounded normal and very nice. She had no idea what he looked like, but his voice sounded handsome. She decided it couldn't be worse than last night as long as they stayed in a public place. And it was only a cup of coffee, she told herself. Making a snap decision, she gave in. "That sounds like a great idea. Where and when?"

"How about tomorrow morning at the same coffee shop I met Cindy this morning? It is on the corner of Elm and Maple. That way, if we can't stand each other, we'll just use the excuse that we need to get to work."

Tara laughed. "Sounds perfect. And I know the coffee shop you're talking about. I've met her there myself on the weekends. What time?"

There was a slight pause before he said, "I have an early meeting tomorrow. Can we make it early? Say around seven o'clock? Or is that too early for you?"

Tara was relieved. It would mean she could still get to work relatively early with Max none the wiser on her excursion. What he didn't know, he couldn't get mad about, right? "No, actually, that's perfect," she said.

"Great. I'll see you tomorrow morning," Greg said and hung up the phone.

Tara smiled as she hung up and walked into her bathroom and turned on the warm water. She was glad she'd answered the phone now. He might be an ugly, irritating man but he sounded nice and it would be one night when maybe, just maybe, she wouldn't dream about her handsome boss.

Chapter 5

She was wrong. No matter how much she'd thought about Greg's voice, as soon as she fell asleep, her mind drifted off to its normal dream of being in the arms of Maximillian Marquesa.

She woke up the next morning and had to rush in order to meet Greg for coffee. But even after all her rushing, she still arrived before he did. Tara sat down with her cup of plain coffee and waited, wondering if he'd already showed up, saw her and turned around to leave. Each time a man entered, she watched him to see if he was looking for someone. Finally, fifteen minutes after seven, he showed up. As soon as he walked in, Tara knew this must be the guy. His eyes met hers and he smiled and walked over to her.

"Tara?" he asked.

"Yes. Greg?"

The relief on his face was apparent. "Sure am. Wow! I'm glad to meet you," he said and shook her hand, his eyes never leaving her face. "Cindy wasn't kidding when she mentioned that you were beautiful," he said with enough enthusiasm to flatter her. "I'm sorry I was so late now."

"Thank you," she said and took in his features. Greg was in his early thirties and was only a few inches taller than she was, which made him about five feet nine or ten inches. He wasn't overly muscular but he was thin. "Were you not sorry before?" she teased.

Soft, she thought, immediately comparing him to Max's muscular physique. But probably a nice guy. Muscles weren't a prerequisite to a life mate, she reminded herself. Just because she was used to seeing Max all day didn't mean a less physical man couldn't also interest her.

"No! Sorry, that came out poorly, didn't it?" he said in response to her question. He had the good grace to look embarrassed and slightly flustered which flattered Tara somewhat. "How about if I get a cup of coffee and I'll be right back?"

"Okay," she said and watched him walk away. He didn't have as much confidence as Maximillian did, she thought, then stopped herself. She couldn't compare every man in the world to Max. There just wasn't any comparison. Max was...well, he was Max. And no one would compare to him. He was too everything. And definitely too out of her league. Greg seemed nice and gentlemanly, despite his tardiness. And he was in her league. A working class guy with a nice smile and steady job. That's exactly what she should be looking for in a man. Not someone larger than life and every woman's dream like Max.

He came back to her table and smiled as he sat down. "Tell me about yourself," he said. "I want to know everything."

"In thirty minutes or less?" she joked.

"Absolutely."

Tara laughed but she told him a little about herself then listened as he talked about himself and what he did for a living. He was a software engineer for one of the consulting firms that did a lot of business for the government. Tara didn't mention that she worked for the government and definitely didn't tell him that she was a personal assistant to the crown prince. That wasn't something she shared with many people. She'd learned that too many people asked inappropriate questions, so she saved that for only really good friends and family.

By the end of the half hour, she stood up reluctantly. "I'm sorry but I really have to get to work."

Greg stood up as well. He looked reluctant to let her go and put a gentle, soft hand on her arm to stop her from leaving. "Listen, I know this sounds a little creepy, but I had a really good time this morning. Are you doing anything this weekend?"

Tara was a little nervous but looked into his soft, blue eyes and decided to trust him. "No."

Greg smiled, relieved. "Great. Would you like to come with me to a big bash? It's a very formal event that I think will really knock your socks off," he said enthusiastically. "My company gave me tickets and I was going to go alone since it is so amazing but now that I've met you, I'd rather take you with me. Its black tie so if this is too short notice for you to get a dress, I'll understand."

Tara thought about the formal dresses she had in her closet and knew she'd have something appropriate. "I think that would be lovely," she replied. "And I have something suitable to wear."

His smile was broad and made Tara feel attractive since it was also slightly nervous. "Great. I'll phone you tonight with the details."

"Sounds perfect," she said. "I'll talk to you later," she said and walked back to her car.

Walking into her office that morning, she had a smile on her face and was feeling much better about her life than she had when she left here the night before. She knew that, no matter what happened today, the prospect of meeting a nice man for a fancy date this weekend would put things into perspective.

Max walked in with several other people and barely acknowledged her. And the day went downhill from there. Max pulled her into meetings all day, requesting that she take notes and sometimes biting her head off when she didn't answer his questions quickly enough. By the end of the day, she was tired, frustrated and overwhelmed with the amount of work that had piled up on her desk while she was in meetings all day. It was almost as if Max was deliberately trying to keep her from her desk but that definitely didn't make any sense. She loaded up her briefcase with files that needed to be reviewed and annotated before she could pass them on to Max. She intended to work on them during the morning, then get her nails done in the afternoon as a special treat for her date.

"What are you doing this weekend?" Max asked, stopping her as she was about to turn off the light on her desk.

"Excuse me?" she asked curtly, still not forgiving him for how mean he'd been during the day.

Max almost smiled at her reaction. In anyone else, he would have sliced the person with a simple look if they were daring enough to speak to him that way. But with Tara, he'd never criticized her tone. Usually he deserved it but he also found it refreshing. She never cow-towed to his opinions. And he never wanted her to. He realized that he valued her advice too much to intimidate her into stopping her tones. "This weekend?" he repeated. "What are you doing?"

Tara looked at the handsome man standing in front of her desk and considered ignoring him. He was leaning against the doorway between their two offices, looking so suave and sophisticated it almost dimmed her excitement for the weekend.

Instead, she shoved another file into her bag and looked away from him, daring him to challenge her for her impudence. "I'm not going to tell you for fear that you'll snap at me or make me go into another meeting to take notes," she said and shoved another contract in her bag.

Max smiled and pushed himself away from the doorway. "You don't have to bring all that home with you. You could just come in tomorrow and we can go over it together. I'll get the chef to make us breakfast if you promise to let me have the waffles next time."

She couldn't help it. She smiled and shook her head at his teasing tone, wishing she could maintain her anger in front of him. He'd really been mean today. "That doesn't sound like the ideal situation," she laughed.

"Why is that? I'll help you, we'll review the documents together and it will be done in half the time."

She had to laugh at his innocent expression, knowing he really thought he could do that. She knew better though. There had been several weekends when she'd come in to work, thinking she'd have time to go through her to-do list while the office was empty only to find him also here trying to get things done. "No, you won't. You'll sit in your office and add more to the stack. Don't even try and be charming. I know you better than that."

An odd look came onto his face. "You think I'm charming?" he said, smiling and coming a few feet closer.

Tara blushed and was grateful for the dim lighting. Looking down and pretending to concentrate on the items on her desk, she replied, "You know you are."

"I know other people say things but they usually don't mean them. I like that you think so though."

Tara turned off her light, pulled her bag over her shoulder and stepped around him. "Yes, well, I really need to get home," she said.

Max's eyes sharpened and he crossed his arms over his chest, quickly stepping in front of her to stop her exit from the office. "Why? Another blind date?" he challenged.

Tara stopped short, only a few feet away from him and looked up at his angry face. "Why does that bother you so much?" she asked curiously. He'd never paid any attention to her personal life before, not that she'd really had one, she thought. Why was he so upset about her dating now?

Max looked down at her and wanted to kiss her pouty red lips, pull her incredibly sexy body hidden beneath those ultra professional clothes against his hard one and show her why it bothered him so much. But he knew she'd probably run screaming from the palace if she knew how much he wanted her so he kept his distance, if only mentally.

"Because I care for you," was all he'd allow himself to say. "You're a very good employee and I don't want you to get hurt."

Tara wished he'd stopped with the first sentence. But the second was the real truth. Pulling herself back out of fantasy land, she shifted her bags and stepped around him. "Thank you. I'm feeling very appreciated," she sighed. "Regardless, I have to go home."

He stopped her again. "Why?"

She blinked up at him, not used to him acting this way. "Why do I have to go home?"

"Yes. Why? Why don't you stay here and talk to me? You don't have anyone to go home to, do you?"

Tara looked down at her shoes, wishing she could lie. "No. But..."

"But?" he prompted when she didn't continue. His eyes were intently watching her face, searching for an opening, hoping she could feel something more for him. He wanted another blush just like yesterday that told him she wasn't completely immune to him.

Thinking fast, she tapped her heavy bag. "But I'd rather do this curled up on my sofa and relaxing in more comfortable clothes than here in a desk chair and these clothes," she finally said.

Max nodded and looked up and down at her strict professional clothes. His mind automatically jumped to picture her skin warm and flushed from the bathwater and strategic places covered with bubbles. His body reacted to the image and he had to clear his throat and quickly refocus on something else. "Yes. I can see how that might be more appealing."

She glanced up and caught his intent gaze, wondering about it for a long moment. "Well....I'll see you Monday morning," Tara said awkwardly.

"Have a good night," he replied.

Tara left the palace that night feeling as if she'd just hurt her best friend's feelings but she didn't understand that emotion. She and Max had fun working together, his jokes about the various people they worked with usually made the day go by quickly. She also loved the work as well as the challenges the work brought to her mind and she respected the initiatives Max pushed within the government. He was a very intelligent person who considered several aspects of a situation before making a decision on how to go forward.

But he definitely wasn't her best friend. They had a good rapport. That was all.

When she walked into her house that night, there was a message on her answering machine from Greg with more details about the party the following night. He apologized but asked her if she could meet him at his office. He was traveling and his flight didn't land until one hour before the party was scheduled to begin.

Tara was fine with that. Although she thought he was a very nice man, she didn't really want him to know where she lived just yet. Until she knew more about him, Tara thought it was best to keep her home address to herself. She told herself that her caution had nothing to do with Max's warnings. She was just being smart.

The next morning was Saturday and she worked on the pile of reports she'd packed up yesterday throughout the morning, highlighting areas of several contracts that Max should be aware of before he discussed them the following week. She made herself a simple sandwich for lunch and wondered why she wasn't more excited about the evening ahead. She was meeting a handsome and interesting man for a glamorous evening. She should be fluttering around, jumping through hoops to get ready for the night. Instead, she was considering going over another contract instead of showering for her nail appointment.

After thinking about it for several minutes, she realized that she didn't have anything new to be excited about. For her, it was just another party. Since she went to so many functions at the palace, the idea of another black-tie night just didn't thrill her like it would have two years ago.

"A new dress," she said out loud. Tara decided she needed to get a new dress, something that would make her feel feminine and glamorous. Her current formal attire was nice and very appropriate, but ultra conservative. They were dresses that allowed her to stay in the background when she was required to work government functions for various reasons. They were elegant but very boring.

Tossing the rest of her sandwich into a container for later, she showered and quickly changed into jeans and tennis shoes, then set out for the stores. She knew of several that might have something more daring for tonight. She'd seen some in the stores when she'd been shopping for her conservative dresses recently but hadn't dared to buy them. They were much too sexy and feminine. She had no idea what the party was for, but it wouldn't be with anyone she would see the next week so she felt it was safe to spice things up a bit.

Tara found the perfect dress in the third store she looked in. It was a satin dress that flowed over her body like water, highlighting all her curves in a daring way. The deep, rich maroon made her skin look creamy and her hair a darker, more sultry brown. She bought it immediately, then went to her nail appointment and manicured her nails to match her dress. On her way out of the salon, she spotted the perfect pair of shoes for her dress and she slipped into the store to buy them. They were sexy, strappy sandals that excited her to step around in them. And thankfully they were comfortable to dance in, a rare find indeed!

She arrived home just in time to do something with her hair. She was just about to pull her long, dark tresses into her normal chignon but decided against it. Instead, she curled the ends and pinned up the sides with sparkling clips, allowing the rest to flow down over her shoulders to the small of her back. It felt good to have her hair down for once. She knew it would feel good against her skin as well once she put her dress on. The back to her dress revealed a great deal of her back, flowing down to a smooth line once it passed her hips.

With her sexy new dress on and her hair falling down her back, she felt pretty and sexy. The thought came through her mind that she wished Max could see her like this. But then she pushed it aside. They were a great working team and she didn't want to ruin that by this silly fantasy of hers that would never be a reality. Max needed someone who could handle the pressures of being queen someday. Not Tara.

Sighing, she heard the cab honk his horn and she touched up her lipstick one more time and grabbed a black, silk shawl to throw over her shoulders before leaving her house. She gave the cab driver directions to Greg's office. It was very close to the palace but she didn't worry about that. She knew that Max had some huge gala he was attending tonight for one of his sister's causes so he wouldn't be venturing outside the palace tonight.

Greg met her in the lobby to his office and whistled when he stepped out of the elevator and caught sight of her. "Wow! You look fabulous," he said, taking her hand and twirling her around so he could get the full effect of her dress. "I'll be the most admired man tonight," he chuckled.

Tara was now glad that she'd gone out and gotten the dress. The look in his eyes was flattering not to mention his words. "Thank you. I was hoping you'd approve," she said and smiled gratefully.

"Let's go. I can't wait to show you off," he said and took her hand to lead her out of the building. His car was on the street and he helped her into the passenger seat, then rushed around to the driver's side. "It isn't far away, but it's more convenient to drive than take a cab."

"I don't mind. I'm hoping to save my feet for dancing rather than walking," she joked.

"Me too," he said with a grin.

They talked casually about where he'd been traveling to and Tara forced herself to concentrate on the conversation instead of letting her mind slip to a comparison of what Max looked like in a tuxedo versus Greg. There really was no comparison anyway. Greg looked nice and handsome but Max was about four inches taller in height and about five inches broader in the shoulders. When Max put on a tuxedo, he was absolutely breathtaking. Add his charming smile to that and she'd seen women literally melt in his arms.

Who was she kidding, she thought as Greg talked about the horrors of his flight. Tara was one of those women. She remembered the first time she'd seen him in a tuxedo. She'd been working late one evening and he'd stopped by to pick up some information. He'd smiled casually at her and her mouth had literally dropped open in astonishment. Thankfully, he'd just grabbed his material and left the office again, off to wherever he'd been destined for that night. And she'd continued working for several more hours, suffering through the work she'd been doing in an effort to impress him with her dedication.

There was silence in the car and Tara looked over at Greg who was obviously waiting for a reply.

"I'm sorry, I was distracted with a memory for a moment. What was that?" she asked.

"No problem. I'm excited about tonight as well," he laughed. "It isn't every day we get to visit the palace, is it?"

That caught Tara's attention. "Excuse me? Where are we going?" she asked, sure she had misunderstood him.

Greg smiled proudly. "The palace. My boss wasn't able to make it tonight so he gave me the tickets. He donated money to some charity function and tonight is the big event to thank all the contributors. Aren't you excited? I wanted to surprise you."

Tara could barely catch her breath. "The palace?" she asked blankly and looked out the windshield. Sure enough, they were already in the security line, only one car away. She looked over at Greg and thought quickly.

"Greg, I can't go in there, not dressed like this," she said quickly, deciding to be honest about her reasons.

He glanced distractedly toward her but then quickly back to the car in front of him, obviously nervous about getting through security. "Are you kidding? You look fabulous," he said and moved forward, already rolling down his window to hand the security guard his invitation.

Tara smiled weakly at the security guard who looked over at her, the surprise obvious on his face. "Good evening, Ms. Tara," the guard replied.

Greg was confused and looked between the guard and Tara, trying to figure out how the two knew each other. "You know him?"

"Yes," Tara smiled, but didn't offer any explanation.

The guard, named Phil, looked over Greg's invitation and identification, then nodded him through the gates. "Pull on through. There will be additional security at the entrance," he warned. "Have a great night, Ms. Tara. Behave!" he said and laughed softly at her stricken expression.

Greg laughed along with him but he obviously didn't get the joke. "How do you know that guard? Does he live near you?"

"Oh, we talk a lot," was all she would say.

They pulled up to the doors of the palace and a valet rushed over to their car. "Good evening," the young man said, opening the door for Tara. Greg handed him the keys and then came around to the entrance, putting a hand to the small of her back to escort her through the second security checkpoint.

Tara could feel the dread moving through her body as they slowly worked their way through the metal detectors and another guard searched her small purse. Thankfully, it only held her driver's license, a credit card and lipstick. There had to be some way to get out of this night, she thought to herself. She glanced quickly up at Greg but knew it would be a futile effort. He was so excited he was almost sweating. His hands were clammy too, she noticed.

They were finally through and Tara walked into the ball that was thankfully crowded with so many people, she could barely walk into the room. It was an odd feeling to be on the other side of one of these events. She could feel the excitement from the other guests and, because there were so many people, she considered that perhaps she could avoid running into anyone she knew. Having been on the working side of these, she knew the way they would flow and perhaps she could stay away from the royal family, all of whom knew her.

Greg was too busy surveying the party and the incredible beauty of the palace ballroom to notice her panic. He almost left her behind at one point when he spotted the lavish buffet table in one room. "Let's head over for some food," Greg said excitedly. "I don't know about you, but I'm starving. I wonder if the food here is any good," he joked.

She was so nervous, she doubted she would be able to eat anything. "I'm sure it's wonderful," she replied diplomatically, thinking about the breakfast she'd had earlier this week. The palace chef was world renowned for her feasts so really there was no question about the tastiness of the food. It was a given.

They went through to the dining room where a buffet table was set up. Many people were already milling about, eating and socializing. It wasn't as crowded in here so Tara became a little nervous, worrying that she might be picked out in a crowd. "Greg, I'm not really hungry." She glanced around, looking over her shoulder in fear that she'd be recognized.

Greg barely acknowledged the quiver in her voice as he licked his lips in anticipation of the food. "Hold on. Let me just grab a plate and we'll head back out. I'm sure you're loving all the fancy dresses. Just observe for a moment, okay? I know women are always trying to out do each other with their clothes and shoes."

"Yes, they are lovely," she said distractedly, looking over her shoulder. Normally she would make a pithy observation about his sexist comment but she just couldn't think beyond getting out of the area and into a less conspicuous position.

Greg picked up a plate and handed one to her. "Here, it might be too crowded to eat later," he said insensitively. He then proceeded to pile both plates with delicious smelling foods. He led her to a table in the corner where they could watch the other guests mill about. "I wish I knew more people here," he said, stuffing a lobster canape into his mouth and looking around. "I'll bet there will be celebrities here tonight. Don't royals usually have lots of those kinds of people fawning over them?"

She didn't even bother to respond to such a silly comment. Royals were basically celebrities in their own right and Max had a hard time going out in public at times, especially when a new magazine article popped up about him. Tara looked around and noted several dignitaries she spoke to on the phone almost weekly. They didn't recognize her, thankfully.

She was nibbling on her food, barely eating anything and listening half-heartedly to Greg talk about his work when her luck ran out. "Tara?" a feminine voice asked from behind her.

Tara looked around and her stomach fell. It was Princess Marabeth looking amazingly beautiful in a green, beaded dress that made her hair look more red and sparkling than usual. "Good evening, Your Highness," Tara rose and curtsied automatically.

She noted that Greg didn't stand and she reached behind her to pull him up as protocol dictated. He needed to show the princess respect as a woman by rising from the table, if not bowing because of her title. "Greg," she started when he finally got the hint, "this is Cordova's Royal Princess, Marabeth. Your Highness, this is Greg Mallory."

"Good evening, Your Highness," he said awkwardly, wiping his mouth with his napkin quickly and reaching out to shake her hand. "Wow! I didn't think we'd be meeting royalty tonight!"

Marabeth was gracious as always and ignored the small slight because of his lack of a bow. She reached out and shook his hand despite the inappropriateness of the gesture. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Mallory. I'm delighted that you were able to support a very good cause," Princess Marabeth said. "It is one of my projects and very important to me," she said.

The perplexed look gave him away but he didn't even try to save himself, Tara noted. "What's that?" Greg asked with a blank look on his face.

Marabeth's face remained blank but Tara could see the confusion in her eyes. "The Children's Hospital? The reason we're here tonight?" she reminded him. "Everyone here donated money to the fund and we're celebrating the beginning of the next phase."

"Ah," Greg finally said, understanding the reason for the event. "Um, actually, my boss donated and he wasn't able to attend tonight so he passed the invitation on to me," he said. "But it's a real treat to be here tonight," he finished lamely. He understood he had made a very large faux pas.

Marabeth smiled brightly despite her well hidden dismay at the man's words. "Well, please pass my thanks on to your boss," Marabeth said then turned back to Tara. "Why don't you come over and say hello to Max? I'm sure he'd be thrilled to see you here. I'll bet he didn't even know you were coming." She leaned forward and said in a whisper, "I know he's pretty bored right now. He's got some silly blond woman leaning on his side and you know how he hates blonds," she laughed.

Tara immediately shook her head. "Oh, I don't think so. Who did your mother set him up with tonight?" she couldn't resist asking. She wasn't aware that he disliked blonds. Tara thought that was his preference.

"No one," Marabeth said as if she were surprised Tara would even ask the question. "For some reason, he wouldn't let her even introduce the subject. He's been a bit of a bear lately regarding that particular subject. This woman just sort of attached herself to him and has made herself comfortable despite his displeasure. I can tell any moment now he's going to slice her with his usual caustic words and you know what will happen then. The tears and the apologies..." Marabeth shuddered and waved her hand. "You know the rest since we've seen it so many times," she laughed.

"Oh!" Tara said, not sure what to make of Marabeth's comments. But she had definitely seen Max cut a woman down who was being silly and obtuse. Men weren't immune either to his biting words if the man in question wasn't making sense. But he usually reserved his best lines for the mercenary women who were too blatant in their ambitions to tie him down. "Well, I see the Minister coming up behind you. We won't keep you."

Marabeth immediately turned and greeted her husband Sam, who put his hand on her waist, then turned to Tara. "Good evening, Tara. Why are you hiding over here in the corner? Why don't you come with us to the family table?"

Tara physically backed up at the idea. "Oh, no! We're not here to intrude," she said. "I'm sure my date would prefer to sit over here where we can observe the party better."

Sam's eyes narrowed slightly at Tara but the smile remained on his face. "Nonsense," he said, not taking no for an answer, "Come along. I'm sure everyone will be thrilled to see you. And I do mean everyone," he emphasized mysteriously.

He bent down and whispered something in Marabeth's ear. When he was finished, she raised questioning eyebrows to her husband, who mysteriously nodded. That created a huge grin on Marabeth's face and she turned to Tara and seconded her husband's invitation. "Absolutely," she said, "you must come join us. It looks like you two are finished with your meal so come along."

Tara's stomach started fluttering nervously. "Really, we're fine over here by ourselves," she tried to explain but Greg was too excited at the idea of meeting more royalty and he was already following Sam and Marabeth, almost leaving Tara behind in his enthusiasm.

"This should be amazing," he said encouragingly to Tara, already following behind Princess Marabeth and the Minister of Defense. "You've never met the royals, I'll bet. Isn't this the best date you've ever been on?" he asked. Tara didn't answer even though the fact that Princess Marabeth had come up to greet her, an obvious indication that Tara had indeed met the princess before. She was coming to understand that Greg wasn't very smart about picking up on clues.

There was nothing to do but follow the three of them. Tara didn't contradict the fact that she had already met the royals of Cordova. The idea occurred to her that she could just run from the building or throw on someone else's shawl to cover her dress. But no one was wearing anything she could grab and her own shawl was back in the cloak room which would be impossible to get to since there was still a long line of people coming in.

Tara knew she was getting hysterical and she forced herself to calm down as she walked slowly behind the princess and her husband, the Minister of Defense, Sam Montrose. Her dress wasn't too risque, she told herself, trying to gain some confidence by looking at what the other women were wearing. There were many other women wearing similar dresses so she was not dressed inappropriately. Some were even more revealing than hers. She told herself that the only reason she was so nervous was because she didn't want her co-workers, or more specifically, her boss, to see her dressed like this. She reminded herself that she'd worked hard to create a professional image in the office and this would only be a slight setback. She'd just wear all of her severe, black suits for the next week which would hopefully counter the image she was about to reveal to her boss.

As they walked, she saw Max look up. The expression in his eyes when he saw her ran the gamut of emotions. Initially, he was surprised, then delighted, then he saw her date touching her arm and his eyes slid down her figure in the sexy dress and the anger entered, and stayed.

At that moment, Tara knew that she wasn't nervous about her co-workers' impressions changing because of her dress. Not even about Max's impressions of her changing. She was just plain nervous about being around Max. Would he think she was being uppity by attending the ball as a guest instead of a worker? Probably. This was not her place. And the anger on his face was proof in her mind that he was thinking the same thing.

"Good evening, Tara," he said formally, his eyes narrowed on the man touching her elbow. "I assume this is your next blind date. Am I correct?" he asked curtly.

Tara inhaled sharply, hurt by his rudeness. "Yes," she replied evenly, becoming angry at his bald comment. "This is Greg." She turned to the shorter man and smiled at his confused expression. "And this man is your future ruler, the Crown Prince of Cordova, Prince Maximillian. And I can assure you he has better manners normally, but for some reason they slip away when I'm around lately," she said. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Marabeth smile, then turn to her husband and nod. Tara didn't know what to make of that but she ignored it for now and turned to Greg. "Would you like to dance?" she asked sweetly. "This obviously isn't the best place to be standing tonight."

Greg faltered and looked out onto the dance floor warily. "I hate to admit this to someone as beautiful as you but I never learned how to dance," he joked and turned back to Tara. "I'm sorry, but you really don't want to dance with me unless you want your toes mashed and the possibility of appearing in a 'what-not-to-do' video," he said self-deprecatingly.

Max immediately took Tara's hand and tucked it into his arm. "Allow me to fill in for you," he said without asking and started walking away with Tara on his arm.

Tara was too shocked by the feel of his arm under her fingertips and the heat of his hand that was covering her own to do anything but walk away with him. She vaguely noted that Greg beamed proudly, as if he'd done something fantastic but then Max pulled her into his arms and she couldn't think of anything but him and the way he made her feel as they glided around the dance floor to the music.

They danced in silence for several minutes before Max spoke and his tone indicated that he was still angry. "Who is he?" Max demanded sharply. His hand slipped lower on her back and she shivered ever so slightly. If he hadn't been staring at her, he would have missed the blush that crept into her high cheekbones.

Tara looked up into his face, confused by his attitude toward her lately. "I told you his name. Why are you angry with me? Have I done something wrong? I honestly didn't know that he was bringing me here tonight. When he asked me out, he only said it would be a great surprise. I'm sorry if I've attended outside of my normal capacity as your assistant but I didn't know he was bringing me here. Besides, that's no excuse to be rude," she said, and finally was able to stop her rambling.

Max looked down into her soft, blue eyes and some of his anger slipped away. Not all of it, but at least he could look at her without the jealousy taking away his sense. "You look lovely," Max said, abruptly changing the subject he'd just initiated a moment ago. "Why haven't you ever worn a dress like that to functions at the palace before? How does a blind date rate that kind of dress when I only rate the sedate, cautious black pieces you usually wear?" His hand slipped back up her back, unable to keep still when she looked so desirable in that satin.

Tara was startled by the harshness in his voice coupled with the heat of his hand on her back, moving along her spine. Her heartbeat increased and she had to lick her lips in order to speak. "Your Highness, I don't wear dresses like this to other functions because it isn't appropriate."

The large hand holding hers tightened slightly with her response. "What in the world do you mean by that? And if you don't think it is appropriate then, why are you wearing it now? Again I ask, how does he rate?"

"I'm working those other functions," she explained, trying desperately to understand the conversation but he was so close and she'd never danced in his arms like this. She liked the feeling way too much. "This dress would be a distraction."

"You got that right," he growled.

"Max, I'm sorry. I didn't know I would be coming here tonight. Greg didn't tell me where we were going, just to dress up. If I'd known, I wouldn't have dressed like this and embarrassed you," she said sadly.

Max laughed harshly and spun her around, pulling her closer. "You think I'm angry because of your dress?" he rasped.

Tara looked up again and looked at his face. "Well, why else would you be angry?"

He couldn't help it. In the back of his mind, he knew he should just walk away from her and let her enjoy her evening with the boring man with the awful tuxedo but he wasn't going to do it. He had to understand why she wasn't interested in him. The words slipped out before he could stop them. "Perhaps because you never dressed like that for me? Why do I only rate the conservative, professional outfits?" He saw the shocked expression on her face and berated himself for revealing his feelings like that. "Never mind," he said harshly.

The next dance was slower and Max pulled her closer to his body. She put her hand on his chest instead of his shoulder this time and she could feel the strong, beating of his heart through the expensive fabric of his tuxedo.

"Where in the world do you meet those men?" he asked, his head nodding toward Greg who was dancing poorly with a blond woman who only giggled loudly at his awkward attempts at the waltz.

"Through friends of friends," she sighed. Tara smiled up at him, "You don't give me much time to search out more eligible bachelors."

Max looked down at her smiling face and almost groaned at the effort it took to not touch her sexy lips, kiss her incredible mouth. "Good," he said grimly. "I'll keep it that way."

"Why would you do that?" It was hard keeping up light banter when all she wanted him to do was bend down and kiss her. But she knew that was out of the question. And even if he did, that was too dangerous to want. Max never stayed with one woman for long, preferring variety. Her body shivered despite her best attempts at hiding her body's response to his closeness.

Max felt the shiver run through her body and noted the more rapid breathing, the pulse that was beating frantically at the base of her throat. It all added up to exactly what he wanted it to mean. He hadn't been delusional the other day when she'd blushed in his office. Now that he could see all the signs, unmistakable signs he noted, he felt better, more relaxed and on better footing. The night was looking better and better!

Max chuckled, feeling better now that he could see the truth in her eyes and feel her shivers in her body. Twenty minutes ago, he'd been willing to commit murder when she'd walked up in that beautiful dress that made her look all soft and feminine and touchable. When she'd introduced her date, his first reaction was to smash the man's face in and break his hand when he dared to touch Tara.

But now that she was in his arms, and he knew she felt the same way about him, he felt as if he were on top of the world. She didn't understand, but he'd figure out a way to get through to her. He didn't understand why she wasn't picking up immediately on the fact that he was just as attracted to her. He knew she was one of the most intelligent and perceptive people of his acquaintance. That made her a valuable employee, but he didn't think of her as an employee now. Hell, he hadn't thought of her as just and employee for months which had frustrated him beyond all reason since he'd thought she'd considered him nothing more than her future king and her current employer.

Things were going to change, he thought to himself.

He pulled her imperceptibly closer and she closed her eyes. Max liked that about her. She definitely was responsive, he thought. Each time he moved his hand, and he did it often just to feel the shiver, the response, and see the tint of her cheeks darken, his suspicions were confirmed that she'd been hiding her attraction to him. For how long, he wasn't sure. But it was definitely there now.

They were eventually interrupted by people wanting to talk to Max, and they moved off the dance floor, but Max wouldn't allow her to leave his side. He sensed that she was trying to escape so she could politely go back to her date, but he wouldn't allow her to leave. In fact, he kept her beside him and included her in all the conversations as if she were here with him exclusively tonight.

After two hours of standing by his side, Tara knew that she needed to separate herself. As wonderful as it felt to be near him, to have him include her in the conversations as if she were an equal instead of simply an employee, she had to end the fantasy. Sighing deeply, she put a hand to his sleeve to get his attention. "I need to go back to Greg," she whispered when a break came in the conversation.

Max looked across the room and shook his head. "Don't worry about him. He's currently occupied," he said and nodded his head toward the shorter man who was earnestly discussing something with a buxom blond woman who seemed to be hanging onto Greg's every word. Max pulled her arm through his, pulling her closer to him so he could feel her warmth along his side.

Tara was stunned. Apparently, Greg was flirting outrageously with someone else. She disregarded the fact that she herself had ignored him for the past couple of hours. Her date was actually flirting with another woman! How embarrassing! Here she was with her boss and her date wasn't even interested in her. "Who is she?" Tara asked, not really caring about the fact that Greg was talking to another woman but a little concerned that he'd obviously completely forgotten about her.

Max glanced across the room and watched as the blond woman whispered something in Greg's ear. The other man smiled and nodded eagerly. "I don't know," Max chuckled. "But I don't think he'll mind if I pull you along for another dance," he said and did just that.

At this point, Tara didn't mind. She followed and secretly delighted in being in his arms again. They danced and talked with others for the rest of the evening and Tara enjoyed herself more than she thought she ever could. Max was witty and charming to everyone he spoke to or was introduced, regardless of the title or lack of one. He made everyone feel like they were part of a club, special and exclusive even though he included anyone who approached.

At several points during the evening, she spoke to Greg but each time, he pushed her back into Max's arms. "Don't let me hold you up. You're great at charming the man. I'll use you for a reference," he joked and pushed her back toward Max's group.

Tara didn't like the fact that he basically considered her a personal "in" for future contracts with the government because of her friendliness to the royal family. But since he pushed her away, then immediately moved off to further his acquaintance with yet another blond, she should feel fine about stepping back into Max's circle. But when she looked up toward midnight and saw him leaving through security with the luscious blond on his arm, she was frantic.

Max chose that exact moment to turn and see what she was looking at and chuckled. "Looks like I get to see you home tonight," he said and didn't appear to be upset at the idea.

Tara shook her head. "I can't believe he's leaving with her!" Tara grabbed a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. She hadn't had much to drink all evening because she'd been too nervous around Max and unsure of what she might do or say. But with her date leaving with his arm around the waist of another woman, she didn't care about decorum or professionalism anymore. How humiliating! She couldn't even keep a blind date interested.

"I can't either," Max replied, watching her drain the glass. "What's wrong, Tara?"

"Nothing," she said and waved over the waiter who was standing a few feet away with another tray of champagne. Max handed her a new glass and watched as she drained that one as well.

"Have you eaten anything tonight?" he asked, smiling at her anger. He'd never seen her show much emotion before so this was interesting.

Tara shrugged her shoulders, warmed by both the champagne and the feeling that Max might care a little bit about her since this was the second time he'd asked her about food in two days. "No," she admitted. "I was too nervous about running into you," she said without thinking and looked around for another waiter.

Max controlled a chuckle at her admission. It was just one more piece of evidence he could use to justify keeping her near him during the evening. "Me? Why were you nervous about running into me?"

Her empty stomach now filled up with alcohol loosened her tongue. "You terrify me," she said and smiled gratefully at the new waiter. "And this isn't the most professional dress I've worn," she said and pulled the spaghetti strap back up onto her shoulder after it slipped down her arm.

"I like the dress," he chuckled. "I think we should get you some food," he said and took her third empty glass. "I don't think I've ever seen you drink more than half a glass of champagne in one night."

"Well, you've never seen my date leave me by myself before, have you?" she said and rolled her eyes.

"Were you really interested in him?" he asked, wondering if he'd completely misread the signs her body was giving him earlier in the evening. "He doesn't really seem like your type."

Tara laughed but there was sarcasm in her tone. "What's my type?" she asked, walking beside him as he led her through to the dining area and handed her a plate. "I mean, I haven't had a date in months but in the past week I've had two. One of which I fall asleep during and the next, the man leaves with someone else. And a blond at that!"

Max laughed as he piled pasta and roast beef onto her plate. "What's wrong with blonds?"

"Nothing in a strict sense, I suppose," she replied and waved her plate in the air, almost toppling the food onto the floor. "Except when they leave with my date."

"I can see how that might be an issue," Max laughed and expertly took her plate from her flaying arms. He guided her over to a table and pushed her into a chair. "Eat," he ordered.

Tara quickly stood up and picked up another glass of champagne as it passed by.

"No, you don't," Max laughed and took the glass from her, placing the fork in her hand instead.

Tara took the fork and glared at Max. "This is silly. I don't overindulge," she explained and stabbed a piece of pasta in a creamy seafood sauce. "Oh, this is delicious," she said, taking another bite. "Have you eaten tonight?"

"No. But if you'll be good, I'll go get myself a plate," he said and looked at her with a meaningful expression.

"Have I ever disobeyed an order from you?" she smiled sweetly.

Max shook his head as he laughed. "No, but there's always a first time," he said but stood up and headed back to the buffet table.

Tara watched him walk away and enjoyed the sight of his tall, incredibly handsome body as he moved through the crowd toward the food. He was so gorgeous, she thought, ignoring her plate of food. Why couldn't he look at her the way a man looks at a woman?

Tara sighed and took the glass of champagne he'd moved away from her a few minutes ago. "Tara, old girl. Face it. You were made for a career and not for a man," she said and drained her fourth glass.

Max came back to the table with his own plate of food and noticed two more empty glass of champagne. Tara was not eating. She was sitting back in her chair with a sixth glass in her hand. Thankfully, she was only sipping this one instead of drinking it quickly.

Tara didn't bother to look at him as she asked her next question, feeling very warm and cozy now that the alcohol had hit her system. "What's wrong with me, Max? Why can't I attract and keep a normal man?"

Max had a bite of roast beef halfway to his mouth. But he stopped and looked at her, astonished. "What was that?"

Tara's eyes were glazed over and her words were starting to slur but she could remember her question. "Really. Tell me what is wrong with me that men are just not attracted to me? I have plenty of male friends. And all the men at the office are very friendly to me. But none of them look at me sexually," she explained.

Max didn't like what he was hearing. His fork clattered onto his plate and his steely eyes turned to look at her. "What men in the office are friendly with you?" he demanded, knowing that the friendliness was probably a guise to stop by her desk and bask in her smile or just admire her beauty for a few minutes. He did it often enough, so he could understand their reactions, but wouldn't condone it. If anyone was going to get Tara's smiles, it was going to be him!

"Oh, you know. Everyone is very nice."

"Names, Tara. I want the names," he demanded again.

She looked over at him with a smile, "Are you going to run them away as well? You're very good at that, you know. If there's someone who is irritating you, with a few simple words from you, they just disappear."

"Of course," he said sternly.

"Well, then I'm not going to tell you their names,' she said and turned away from him. "I know you don't want me, but I want to be married and have children some day. So if you don't want me, then I can't allow you to push them away. All future mates," she said and pointed a finger in his general direction as if she were explaining something important to him.

"What makes you think I don't want you?"

Tara laughed, letting her head drop back as she glanced up at the ceiling. "Oh, be real Max. I know the kinds of women you see socially and I see myself in the mirror. There isn't any real comparison," she said.

Max looked at her lovely neck and his eyes traveled down her beautiful, slim figure. "I agree," he said softly.

Tara heard his words and looked at him as if he'd just slapped her. "What can I do to be more attractive?" she asked. "Maybe if I dye my hair blond? Would that be more interesting to men?"

Max almost laughed but the frustration was too intense. "Tara, don't you dare dye your hair," he said, wanting to run his fingers through her thick, curly brown hair that had tickled his hands all night. He'd never seen it down before her date earlier in the week and it only made her look more incredibly beautiful. He loved it.

Max dropped his fork and stood up. "Okay. I think you've had enough to drink,' he said and took the glass from her fingers. "Let's get you home," he said.

Tara sighed but stood up with him. "Yes. Please make me go home to my tiny little house that has no one else in it. That's exactly what I need," she said and swayed slightly as she started walking.

Max sensed her falling and put his arm around her waist to guide her out of the party. He loved the way she leaned against him and relied on him completely. If nothing else, she definitely trusted him. That was something, he told himself.

He got her down to the parking garage where his limousine was parked. Unfortunately, by this time, she was almost asleep. Her head was leaning heavily against his chest and her eyes were closed.

He signaled to his driver who was always nearby. "We need to get her home. Do you have any idea where she lives?"

"No, Your Highness," Jimmy said.

"I know where I live," Tara interrupted sleepily. "Of course I know where I live," she repeated and smiled at the two men.

After a few moments, Max chuckled. "Were you going to share that information with us?"

Tara rolled her eyes. "You don't need to know where I live. What a silly question," she said and leaned her head against his shoulder. "You certainly are tall. And strong," she said, reaching up with one had to rub his bulging bicep.

Max stared down at her, his body instantly reacting to her touch and he had to grit his teeth to keep from turning her into his arms and kissing her. Instead, he turned back to Jimmy. "You'd better call up to security and get the information from them."

Jimmy immediately left and walked to an office to call the security office. He came out a moment later shaking his head. "I'm sorry, Your Highness. They don't have it on file. We'd have to wake someone from personnel who can retrieve it."

"Why in the world would security not have the information?" he demanded. When Jimmy started to answer, he shook his head. "Never mind. Go home to bed. I'll put her to bed up in one of the guest bedrooms," he said.

Max started walking but Tara almost fell onto the pavement. Max looked down at her and realized she'd basically fallen asleep standing up. He smiled and lifted her easily into his arms. "Can you get the elevator, Jimmy?" he asked.

A few minutes later, Max was in a quandary. He had no idea which of the guest rooms were occupied. He knew that several people were staying at the palace as guests. And since it was one o'clock in the morning, there wasn't a servant around he could ask.

"There's only one solution," he said to the woman curled up in his arms. "I hope you don't mind sleeping in my bed," Max said. He liked the idea immensely.

He shouldered his way through his private suite of rooms, laying her carefully on one side of his enormous bed. Max pulled her strappy shoes off her feet and watched as she curled up onto her side, sighing deeply. He had to work carefully to get her dress off but almost groaned when he'd finished, seeing her in sexy black lace underwear and strapless bra. Pulling the sheet and blanket over her was possibly the hardest thing he'd ever done in his life. All he really wanted to do was stare at her incredibly alluring body instead of being the gentleman.

Max laid his tuxedo jacket and shirt over a chair, took off his shoes and socks but left his pants on for her modesty. He knew she wouldn't remember much of the last part of the night so he didn't want her nervous when she woke up in the morning to find a completely naked man in bed with her.

He pulled the covers over her, then slipped in on the other side. Right after he turned off the light, he heard her sigh. "Your Highness?" she said in the darkness.

"Call me Max," he said and heard her moving in the sheets. A moment later, he sucked in his breath when he felt her hands on his bare chest.

"Why don't you like me, Your Highness?" she asked sleepily, ignoring his order that she call him by his given name instead of his title.

Max groaned when he felt her lips against his neck. "I like you," he said and pulled her hands away from his skin. He liked that way too much.

"Kiss me," she demanded softly.

Max's eyes had adjusted to the dim light and noted that her eyes were open and staring up at him. He wanted nothing more than to lose himself with her lips and body but knew she wasn't thinking clearly. "No, Tara. You've had too much to drink and don't know what your asking me to do," he said. "Go to sleep."

"I knew it," she said and sniffed as if she were about to cry. "You don't want me either."

Max could deal with a lot, but tears from Tara, strong, dependable, beautiful Tara, his body wouldn't be able to endure that. "Don't, sweetheart," he said quickly and put his hands in her silky hair and pulled her close. "Please don't cry," he repeated and his lips touched hers. "I know you won't remember this in the morning, but I want you more than any woman I've ever met," he said harshly.

He kissed her gently, intending to only touch his lips to hers and then leave her alone. But she had other ideas. She put her hands on his cheeks which immobilized him. Her lips took over the kiss and deepened it, pulling him in deeper to the kiss and the magic of her touch. Her body also moved closer and within moments, they were kissing passionately, their legs tangled and their bodies touching from head to toe. Max groaned and pulled her harder against his length, his tongue touching her lips and asking permission to enter. When he was granted that permission, his tongue delved inside, touching hers, tasting her mouth and feeling the softness of her mouth.

Max pulled way, his breathing harsh and his body rock hard and ready to enter her softness. She was not herself, he reminded himself and pulled her hands off his chest. "Go to sleep," he grated out. The next moment, she was sound asleep again, snuggled against his left side and Max stared up at the ceiling, willing his body to calm down while his mind worked through ways to get her back in this same position, but without the inebriation clouding her mind.

Chapter 6

Tara heard the whistling and cringed. Her head immediately started throbbing and she closed her eyes, hoping to block out the bright light streaming into her bedroom. The pain was so intense that she wished she could just pull the covers over her head and die. At the same time, she was afraid the death would be too slow and she needed quick relief.

After a few more minutes, she realized that this wasn't her bedroom. The light was coming from the wrong side of the bed. If this wasn't her bedroom, she puzzled, then whose bedroom was it? Was she sure that this wasn't hers? Daring to open her eyes only a small amount, she looked at the covers. Sure enough, the sheets were a blue but hers were a soft yellow. The thought panicked her slightly which only intensified the pain.

"What have I done?" she whispered. She wracked her brain, trying to remember the night before. But all she could remember was leaning against Max and feeling warm and protected. Surely she and Max hadn't....no, that was too....Oh no!

Tara concentrated on the sounds around her. She heard music coming from a stereo somewhere but she wasn't sure what song was playing since it required too much concentration, a commodity she didn't really have at this point in the morning.

There was also a shower going somewhere in the distance. The whistling was coming from that direction. Tara decided to be brave and open her eyes a little more. There were too many puzzles that were hurting her head more than the light was.

The shower turned off and the whistling grew slightly louder. Whoever was showering was getting out of the shower. Tara opened her eyes and looked around. The soft sheets felt wonderful against her aching body and she looked at the pillow beside her. There was an indentation on it that shouldn't be there, she thought. Odd, but perhaps the whistler was also the person whose head had been resting there.

That last thought triggered something in her brain and Tara groaned as the memories came flooding back to her. "Oh no!" she said out loud.

The whistling stopped and Max appeared in the doorway to what must have been the bathroom. "Good morning!" he said, smiling as he approached the bed. His cheerfulness made her cringe. Couldn't he be a night person? No, that wasn't fair. As the memories slowly starting coming back to her, she remembered that he had been a night person as well. She was the one that had fallen asleep whereas he had been wide awake. How could the man have so much stamina? Especially when she felt so awful! It just wasn't decent, she decided. She closed her eyes again, wishing the scene would just disappear and she'd be back in her own bed without the pain throbbing behind her temples.

"Closing your eyes won't get you out of my bed," he replied and Tara could hear the amusement in his tone.

With those words, her eyes popped open, wide open as she watched him walk toward her across the wide expanse of the unfamiliar room. Tara stared at the large expanse of incredibly muscled chest and stomach, amazed that someone with so much power and responsibility had the time to work out enough to produce those muscles. Her eyes wandered down the expanse of his chest, to his stomach, then lower. Tara gasped and sat up in bed. Her hands automatically reached for the blue sheet, pulling it up to cover herself and pushing her thick hair out of her eyes at the same time. He was only wearing a towel!

Accepting that she had to know the truth, no matter how embarrassing it was. Wondering if she and Max had....well, she just needed to know. "Your Highness, please tell me we didn't..." Tara couldn't finish the sentence and she felt her face turning bright red.

Max chuckled and tossed the extra towel he'd been using to dry his hair over onto the end of the bed. His casual attitude frightened her more than the broad expanse of his incredible chest. "No, we didn't. But I got no help from you on that end," he went on.

She knew she didn't want to know but also didn't want the unknown to haunt her later on. "What do you mean?" she croaked out. She felt her shoulders touch the pillow behind her and wished she wasn't shrinking back from him. If only she was more confident...more experienced. She was sure that the other women who had shared his bed would be laughing at this scene. But she wasn't experienced and she didn't know how to handle being alone in his bedroom.

He sat down on the bed beside her, a charming grin on his face as he looked at her sleep tousled face. "I mean, I was trying to be the gentleman and keep my hands off you but you had other ideas," he said, running a finger down her bare shoulder. "I can't believe you don't remember kissing me last night. I can guarantee that I remember it. Every special moment," he said softly.

Tara closed her eyes and her face got even redder. Max laughed gently. "I can see that you do remember that part."

"Yes," she choked out. "But I don't remember anything after that."

Max moved closer to her on the bed. "Tara, I can guarantee that when we make love, you'll definitely remember it. But as for last night, after you kissed me, you promptly fell asleep. Another thing," he continued, his eyes dropping down to observe her hands still clenching the sheet in front of her, "I can also assure you that when I make love to you, I won't leave your clothes on."

Tara could only stare at him with big eyes. "Your Highness, please..."

He leaned over her and she pushed herself into the pillows as his big body blocked out all the light from the windows. "If you call me 'Your Highness' one more time, under any circumstance, I'll have to do something drastic to stop you. Understand?" he said.

Tara could only nod. The vague threat of "something drastic" sounded ominous enough that she didn't think she'd test it right at this moment.

"Good. How about some aspirin?" he smiled.

"Um...that would be very helpful," Tara said, her hand going to her suddenly throbbing head.

"I have some in the bathroom. There's coffee in the front room," he called back to her as he disappeared into the bathroom.

Tara had been clutching the sheet to her chest this whole time but as soon as he disappeared, she pulled it away and looked down at herself, just to assure her mind that she really was clothed. She was extremely grateful that she was still wearing her underwear but her dress was gone.

Max caught her and laughed. "Didn't believe me, did you?" He was already walking back into the bedroom. He held out a glass of water for her and his eyes showed his continued humor in her shyness.

Tara blushed but held the sheet close to her chest, using it more as a security blanket than anything else. "I'm not very sure about anything right at the moment," she said and took the glass of cold water gratefully. He also handed her two aspirin but that was slightly harder since she didn't want to touch him. He finally turned her hand over with his and dropped them into her palm. "I won't bite, Tara," he said and winked at her. "Not very hard anyway."

He stood up from the bed again and disappeared into what she suspected was the closet.

As soon as he was out of sight, she tried to quickly slip out from under the covers. "I have to go," she said and slid to the edge of the bed, grabbing her satin dress and pulling it quickly over her head.

"Have breakfast with me at least," he said popping his head out from the closet door.

Tara felt like she could just drool at the sight of his chest and almost wished he wouldn't put any clothes on. But she was being ridiculous. "No. No, I really need to get home," she said, frantic to get away from his devastatingly handsome physique.

Max walked out of the closet, pulling a sweater over his head as he moved back toward the bed. Thankfully, gone was the towel, replaced by a pair of jeans that were almost worse than the towel for her peace of mind. That man could definitely fill out a pair of jeans, she thought.

"Why?" he asked, pulling the sweater down over his lean, muscular torso. He stopped only inches from where she was standing next to the bed.

"I...I just need to. Please understand," she said, looking down at the floor.

Max was quiet for a moment as he surveyed her features, noting the color still tingeing her cheeks. Then he acquiesced. "Fine, but I'm driving you home. I tried to take you home last night but we couldn't find your home address," he said.

Tara pushed her hair out of her eyes and nodded. "I'm sorry for causing you so much trouble."

Max laughed. "Please, cause me this kind of trouble any time," he said. "Have a cup of coffee and I'll call my driver to take you home," he said.

Tara longed for coffee to give her strength but needed to get away from him more urgently. Having coffee would me at least another fifteen minutes in his presence and she wasn't sure what would happen in that time. "No, I don't want you to do that. Please, I'll just take a cab home."

Max shook his head, not allowing any more arguments on the subject. "No way. Sit down, drink some coffee and I'll call Jimmy. He's probably downstairs pacing in boredom anyway."

After two years of working for the man, she knew a firm order from Max when she heard it and so she gave in reluctantly. Tara poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down on the sofa, but wouldn't relax, perching herself on the edge instead of leaning back against the cushions. The coffee was wonderful and made her feel marginally better and she was grateful for whoever called him on the phone, thereby distracting Max from teasing or questioning her further. Just as she'd predicted, fifteen minutes later, they were driving away in Max's limousine toward her house.

Once there, Max walked her to the door. "Invite me inside, Tara," he said and leaned an arm on either side of her doorway.

She held the door, afraid of looking up into his handsome face, afraid of what her eyes might reveal in her weakened state. "Why?" she whispered.

"Because I want to see where you live," he said as if it were the most normal thing in the world. "And also because I'm going to kiss you goodbye and I'm guessing you don't want your neighbors to see that."

That last statement got her moving. It wasn't because she wanted him to kiss her, she told herself. But she definitely didn't want her neighbors to think there was something between her and the tall, dark man in her doorway. She was relatively sure they wouldn't recognize him as their Crown Prince but the limousine parked on the street was a big indicator of someone wealthy and powerful which would raise suspicions.

Tara's hand quickly unlocked the door, shaking the whole time. "You can't kiss me," she said as she stepped inside her small house, closing the door after he came inside, but also checking to make sure none of her neighbors were outside at this hour of the morning.

"Why not?" he asked, looking around her house curiously. "This is nice, cozy," he said and wandered into her kitchen.

The house, which had seemed perfectly sized for her own needs, looked incredibly small with Max inside it. He tended to dwarf any person beside him but now he was doing it to her house. "Thank you," she said breathlessly, still leaning against the door as if her legs wouldn't hold her. And it was possible that they wouldn't since they were shaking in fear and anticipation. Just the thought of kissing him was too enticing. Since she didn't remember much of the kiss the previous night, it didn't really count, she told herself.

Max came back into the den area from the kitchen and stopped in the center, his arms crossed over his chest arrogantly as he looked across the room at her. "Are you going to answer my first question?"

"No," she said and looked anywhere but at him.

He didn't smile but his eyes lightened, indicating that he was laughing but didn't want her to see it. "Good, that must mean you don't have any reason to not kiss me," he said and wandered over to her desk set up in the corner of her family room. "Is this where you do most of your work?"

Tara followed him and stood behind the sofa while he looked out her window at the view of the horizon. "No. I thought I would, but I do most of it..." she trailed off, as soon as she realized what the end of that sentence would be. She didn't want to admit that she did most of her work in her bed right before going to sleep.

Max stopped looking out the window and studied her face. He smiled and walked closer to her. "The fact that you won't continue means only one thing. You do it in your bed, all warm and cozy between the sheets. I'll bet you let your hair down and let it fall over your shoulders while you work from home, don't you?"

"No..Yes. I mean, your...." she stopped herself at his warning look. "I do it in bed, yes. But that's usually simply because I work late which means I get home late. So I only get a few hours of work in before I fall asleep."

"Mmm. Sounds nice," he said and moved closer to her. "But do you have your hair down, spread across your pillows like it was this morning? I like that, by the way," he said and reached out to take a lock of her hair in his large hand.

Tara stepped out of his way, but he simply took her by the hand and pulled her to the door. "Why are you so afraid of me, Tara?" he said. "Despite your inebriation last night, I know you were telling the truth about your attraction to me. I can assure you that I feel exactly the same way," he said softly, taking her hand in his and tracing circles on the palm with his thumb absently.

Tara took a deep breath and looked up at him. "Because I've worked for you for the past two years and I know how you go through women. I like my job and I don't want to be one of your castaways."

His eyes didn't change but one eyebrow went up with her statement. "Is that what you think you would become eventually?"

She was relieved that he wasn't angry at her bald comment but she wouldn't relent, no matter what came next. "Yes. It's pretty much a proven fact," she replied.

One of his hands continued to play with the palm of her hand while the other reached up and touched the peachy softness of her skin in a gentle caress. "You don't think you're different? I can say I've never felt this way about any of the women I've dated before. I've never waited this long for any of them either."

Her eyes shot up to peek at his, startled by his statement. "You've waited for me?"

Max nodded his head and put his hands on her waist, pulling her slightly closer to his tall frame. "Yes. I've wanted you since you walked into my office for the interview two years ago. You were so prim and proper. Still are. That's why I've never approached you before last night."

Her breath caught in her throat as her eyes watched the heat in his gaze. She was mesmerized by the desire she saw and it sparked her own. "Why did last night change things? We can still work together. We just need to pretend last night didn't happen."

"Can't do that," he said, shaking his head and moving closer to her. "Because last night, I found out that you feel the same things I do. And if they have only a fraction of the power mine have, we're going to have to explore these feelings."

The lower half of her body came into contact with his and she closed her eyes, savoring the feeling as her hands reached up to lay on his chest. She'd intended to push him away, but her hands didn't obey her mind's command. "No Max," she gasped. "I didn't say anything like that."

His thumb reached out to touch her lips gently. "You're beautiful, sexy mouth didn't have to say anything. You shivered in my arms, you closed your eyes while we danced and later, you kissed me and your body came on fire for me last night. That doesn't happen often. In fact, I don't think I've ever felt like that for anyone. I want you, Tara."

His words just about made her knees give out on her. "Max, we have a professional relationship. That's all."

He shook his head and the thumb that had so recently touched her lips covered hers again, stopping her words. "No. That's all we had. We're going to move forward with this slowly and see where it goes."

She shook her head in denial as she stared at a point in the middle of his chest. "No. We're not. It can't go anywhere," she whispered but her voice was still shaky.

His voice was husky as he replied, "Why not?"

Taking a deep breath, she explained, "Because you're going to be the King of Cordova," she explained as if that made all the sense in the world.

"And?"

"And I'm your assistant." Didn't he see that any relationship between the two of them would have to be temporary? She wasn't wife material to the future king. Was he just being obtuse? He could deny that their relationship wouldn't be temporary but they both knew what would eventually happen.

Max smiled at her nonsensical answer. "Tara, some day you'll explain that comment, but for right now, I'm too distracted by your body and your mouth. So I'm going to kiss you."

Tara shook her head but his mouth descended to hers anyway. He kissed her neck, her ear, nibbling on the lobe, then worked his way along her jaw. Tara shivered with the heat and the feelings his lips created within her. One long finger moved up and held her face while Max's lips finally reached their ultimate goal. As soon as his lips touched hers, she shivered and her arms came around his shoulders, her body arching into his and her mouth responded to his by opening up and allowing his tongue to delve into hers.

She groaned low in her throat and let the feelings wash over her, amazed at how easily he could override her common sense.

After several minutes, he pulled back and looked at her face, triumph in his eyes. "And that is why we're not going to ignore this thing that is between us."

Tara watched with a glazed look as he walked out of her house. Half of her wanted to call him back but the other half knew that would be a very bad idea. The door closed behind him and she sighed deeply, looking around her house and feeling like she'd just survived a hurricane. But everything looked normal.

Chapter 7

Monday morning came much too quickly in Tara's perspective. She had been dreading the moment she'd have to spend time with Max all day on Sunday and now, as she walked into the office, she wondered what his reaction would be.

"Good morning, Tara," he said as soon as he walked into her office. "We have the meeting with George and Sam in fifteen minutes. Can you bring me those notes you wrote up so I can go over them quickly?"

With that, he disappeared into his office and left Tara standing beside her desk with a confused look on her face. Where was the embarrassment? Tara hadn't had time since Max had barely even looked at her. It was as if the whole scene yesterday hadn't even happened. Had she imagined waking up in his bed Sunday morning? And had it been someone else who had pressed her body against his and kissed her until she was a mass of desire Sunday afternoon? Had she only dreamed the time with him?

Deciding to take his cue and pretend like it hadn't really happened, she stored her purse in her desk drawer, then quickly pulled the notes out of her files and brought them into his office. "Here you go," she said, glancing up into his eyes and noting the serious expression he shot back at her. He took the papers and she quickly walked out of his office, feeling as if she were still walking in a wonderland of mystery.

The meeting was long and she took several notes, some of which she disagreed with and made comments of her thoughts in the margins. The next meeting was right after that one but Tara didn't need to sit in on that one. She went back to her desk and typed up her notes, then e-mailed them to Max. The day seemed to fly by and she kept waiting for the proverbial other shoe to drop. But Max never made any comment to her silly drunkenness of Saturday night, nor about the mind blowing kiss they'd shared in her tiny family room yesterday afternoon. In fact, he pushed harder than usual to get things done today, requiring her to move faster and think harder to anticipate his questions so she could have the answer already.

By seven o'clock, she was exhausted and feeling rejected. All she wanted to do was go home and crawl into bed but instead, she packed up her bag with files to review for the following day. She wondered why he hadn't said anything about what had happened between them over the weekend but was too nervous to bring it up.

Her shoulders were drooping as she slowly turned off her computer and locked up the files for the night. Tara almost fell out of her chair when she heard his voice. "Come on, Tara," Max said, walking quickly out of his office.

Tara picked up her pen and notebook, then hurried after him, wondering what she had forgotten. There wasn't anything else on her calendar for him and he was usually very careful about making sure she knew everything that was scheduled, even if the person he was meeting with hadn't requested the meeting through her. But it didn't seem like he was getting ready for another meeting, she thought, still trying to keep up with him. Max was pulling off his suit coat and taking off his tie as he walked down the hallway.

Tara picked up her step and caught up with his long legged stride. "I'm sorry, Your Highness, but I don't have anything else on your agenda for the day," she said breathlessly behind him.

Max stopped instantly and turned around, taking her into his arms and kissing her in the thankfully empty hallway. Tara held onto his shoulders, her notebook crushed between their bodies and her pen falling forgotten onto the marble floor. She was breathless by the time he pulled away.

He looked down into her confused and passion heated face and nodded his approval. "I told you to call me Max," was his only explanation and he stepped back, his eyes reflecting the fire she felt inside her stomach now. He didn't move far away though. He put a hand to the small of her back and led her down the hallway, slowing his stride to match her own shorter one.

"Where are we going?" she asked, completely losing her train of thought as she followed him down the hallway.

"I'm feeding you," he said and smiled down at her.

She stopped in her tracks. "I can't have dinner with you," she said and pulled her hand out from his.

"Why not?" he said and put a hand to the small of her back and pushed her along with him. "You're hungry, I'm hungry. We've had a very long day and it is time to relax. Why don't we do it together?"

"Because..." Her mind drew a blank on coming up with a reason not to eat with him. It actually made perfect sense and in the past, they had shared many meals while working through a project. But that had always been in the office. Tara's mind was not cooperating.

Running into Max's mother, the always elegant, gracious and glamorous Queen Natasha definitely didn't help. Tara instantly slipped into a deep curtsy when the queen stopped in front of them.

"Good evening, mother," Max said, bowing to Queen Natasha as she made her way down the hallway reserved for the living quarters.

His mother smiled graciously at her son and Tara, her eyes instantly speculating on the implications of finding him in the hallway with the beautiful woman. "Good evening. I understand you won't be joining us for dinner tonight," she smiled and gave him a small kiss and hug. "But you didn't give us any details on the reason for your sudden absence."

Max smiled at his mother's gentle way of asking what he was doing without being interfering. "Mother, I'd like to introduce you to Tara Michaels. She is my assistant."

The queen warmly smiled to Tara, taking her hand in hers graciously. "Good evening, Ms. Michaels. It's very nice to meet you," she said. "Max, am I putting too much importance on this event?" she asked, not taking her eyes off of Tara's face.

"No, mother," Max smiled.

The queen's smile brightened inexplicably. "Very well, then. Have a lovely evening and I'll see you in the morning," she said to Max. "Ms. Michaels, would you be available to have lunch with me one day this week?" she asked.

Tara was completely intimidated by the beautiful and elegant queen and could barely stutter out a reply. "Absolutely, your majesty. I'm at your disposal," she said, executing a slight curtsy.

"Thank you. I'll have my assistant call you." With those words, she disappeared down the hallway.

Tara watched the queen as she walked away, wishing she could be as graceful as the reigning queen. It was as if she glided a few inches above the surface instead of actually walking on the floors. "What was that all about?" Tara asked, still watching the empty hallway where the queen had disappeared.

Max's eyes weren't on his mother but only on Tara, impressed with how well she had handled what could have been an awkward situation for someone less practiced at being around people, both aristocratic as well as the populace. "I couldn't tell you," Max lied, his smile broadening. "Come along," he said and led her down the hallway toward his private suite of rooms.

Once they were behind closed doors, he tossed his jacket and tie onto a chair and sighed, relieved to finally be alone with Tara and out of the sight of prying eyes and constant demands on his time. "Would you like a glass of wine?" he asked and walked over to the balcony doors. "Want to eat outside tonight?" he asked, looking back at her.

Tara was still standing inside the doorway but hadn't taken a step inside. She'd watched the instantaneous transformation of Max. As soon as he'd walked into his apartments, it was as if he'd lost some starch and was more human, approachable. And incredibly, much sexier and more confident. How was that possible, she wondered?

"I hope you're not planning on eating like that," he teased.

"Like what?" she asked, still leaning against the door.

Max walked over to stand directly in front of her. "Tense, nervous, standing by the doorway with that very prim suit jacket on. Why don't you take off that jacket? And your feet are probably throbbing by now. Those shoes can't be very comfortable," he said, referring to her three inch heels that made her legs look at least six inches longer and incredibly sexy. "You can toss them as well."

Tara stared at him blankly. "My shoes?" she repeated.

Max laughed. "You can take off all your clothes if you'd like. In fact, I'd like that very much." He started unbuttoning her jacket and within moments, he was slipping the jacket off her shoulders and tossing it on top of his.

He winked at her as her cheeks heated with color at his words and his touch. "Toss your shoes anywhere, if that would make you feel better. You've been walking in those heels all day. I'm sure your feet are aching by now."

There was no way she was going without her shoes. She was already several inches shorter than he was. If she took off her shoes, she'd loose the inches, and more confidence. "I'm fine," she said and crossed her arms over her chest. She felt almost naked without her jacket on. She was wearing only a thin, white, silk shirt underneath with a lacy bra and she was pretty sure he could see through the thin material of her shirt. She hadn't considered that she would be without her jacket today so she hadn't worried about what bra she was wearing.

"I agree," he said and winked at her. He walked across the large sitting room to a bar in one corner of the room. "Are you thirsty?" he asked, as he pulled out a bottle of wine from the refrigerator. "Is white wine okay with you?" he asked and held up the bottle to read the label.

She could only nod in agreement but he wasn't looking at her as he pulled open a drawer to get the bottle opener. "Yes. White would be lovely," she finally croaked. Actually, she'd prefer a huge glass of ice, cold water or anything that would cool her down. Just being alone with the man was heating her bones.

"Why don't you sit down outside and I'll bring you the wine," he said and pulled a corkscrew out of a drawer.

Tara looked at the balcony that was already set with covered dishes. The breeze felt wonderful from this distance and she tentatively walked closer. The air instantly cooled her overheated skin but it didn't relax her at all. In fact the balmy breeze which was unusually warm for this early in the springtime created a more romantic setting "What did you order for dinner?"

Max was right behind her and handed her a glass filled with chilled white wine. "I didn't order anything in particular. The chef usually just makes something and we get a surprise."

"Sort of a royal pot luck, huh?" she joked. His casual manner was starting to sink in to her mind and she flexed her shoulders, trying to relax slightly. She felt like a wire that was about to snap under the tension.

Max stepped back and took a sip of the wine. "What's pot luck?"

Tara laughed, realizing that he'd probably never been to a church or social pot luck dinner before. "It's when a group of people get together and bring some part of the meal, then everyone shares it. But it is a surprise what you're going to eat."

Max smiled at her explanation, nodding in understanding. "Ah! Yes. I suppose every night is a sort of pot luck. Have a seat," he said.

Tara sat down on the balcony chair closest to her and wondered what she could talk about. She fell back on work, not knowing what else to talk about with this enigmatic man. "The meetings today were long. Why were you pushing so hard on the Minister of the Environment?"

Max was remorseless on how hard he had been on the older man who had worked for the Cordova government for the past twenty years. "Because I don't really like him. He's not doing a very good job."

Tara had never heard Max say something derogatory about the minister so his words surprised her. "Why do you say that?'

"I guess you don't get to see my mail very often. It appears that many people are a little frustrated with his directorship right now."

They discussed business for about a half hour and Tara started to relax. She was on familiar ground and even braved discussing a few of her own personal observations with him. He was intrigued and asked her to elaborate, which she did. Max pulled the covers off the plates as she talked and they dined on baked, lemon chicken, asparagus and baby potatoes.

She stuck to only one glass of wine and he didn't push her to drink more.

They talked until about ten o'clock that night. Tara was completely unaware of the passing of time but slowly her fatigue started to sink in. She'd been up since early morning and hadn't slept well last night due to her nervousness on what to expect from Max today.

He noticed her smother yet another frown and knew that she was tired. "I should probably let you get home," Max said but he didn't move to do that. In fact, he continued to watch her, trying to determine her mood. "Why haven't you ever told me these opinions before?"

Tara looked out into the night. "You never asked me before. I give you any opinion you ask me for in the office," she said.

"Ah."

She stood up and he followed her. "Thank you for dinner," she said, feeling nervous all of a sudden.

"I'll walk you to your car," he said.

"There's no need," she said but he wouldn't hear of it.

He was unrelenting on the issue. "It's late. I'll walk you to your car," he said and his tone didn't allow for much argument.

The walk to the parking lot was long and Tara tried to come up with something else to talk about but her mind was blank. It seemed odd to have not just her boss, but the Crown Prince walk her through the employee parking lot. She would have expected him to task security to do this for her if he was concerned about her safety. After all, that is what the palace security is for, she reasoned.

They arrived at her car and she unlocked it with shaking fingers. Turning around, she smiled up at him. "Thank you again for dinner," she said.

Max smiled. "You're welcome." Without a further warning, he leaned down and kissed her gently. Despite herself, Tara's body immediately turned into his. His mouth moved over hers roughly, deepening the kiss until she was unable to think of anything other than reacting to his touch and the movement of his lips. She heard little murmurs in the back of her head but wasn't aware that she was actually making them herself each time his hand touched a new spot on her waist or her back.

Max pulled back and took a deep breath. "Good night, Tara. I'll see you in the morning," he said and stepped back so she could get into her car.

Tara stepped carefully into her car and started the engine. She had no idea how she got home that night. Her mind was completely centered on reliving that kiss and the way it made her feel.

The rest of the week followed the same pattern. Whenever Tara arrived at work, she was nervous and unsure of how to greet Max. But each morning, he took control of the situation and greeted her professionally and casually, as if they didn't have dinner with each other every night, ending the evening with a mind shattering kiss. Work was the usual hectic pace but every once in a while, she caught herself staring at Max as he spoke or when others were talking to him. On Thursday, he caught her staring in a meeting and winked at her. Tara almost jumped out of her seat and could feel her face turning bright red as she lowered her head to continue taking notes on the current speaker.

On Friday, she received a call from the queen's secretary asking if Tara was free for lunch that day. "Of course," Tara replied. Even if she'd had plans already, Tara knew better than to tell the queen that she was unavailable.

At the appointed hour of twelve thirty, Tara stepped into the conservatory and looked around. She was expecting several other people to be in attendance. But when only Queen Natasha smiled and walking toward her, Tara had the sinking feeling that it would be only the two of them for lunch. Tara knew what the conversation would be about and she wanted to run away, or stay and assure the queen that Tara had no aspirations to be the wife to her son. Tara was sure that the queen would not approve of a working girl dating her son.

"Good afternoon, Ms. Michaels," Queen Natasha said. "Thank you for joining me on such short notice. Come on in and sit down," she said.

Tara curtsied carefully, then walked further into the plant filled room. "Please call me Tara, your majesty." The room was rich with the smells of flowers and the air was thick with the humidity. It wasn't bad though. In fact, it was very relaxing to be surrounded by flowers and the smells of the earth. There were even some birds chirping in the trees somewhere.

"Thank you. And you must call me Natasha, then."

"Yes, your majesty," she said and sat on the edge of the chair.

The Queen laughed. "Max warned me that you were a stickler for protocol."

Tara flushed. "I'm sorry. It just doesn't feel right, using your first name."

Queen Natasha waved Tara's concerns aside as if they were butterflies. "That's okay. You'll get used to it," she said and nodded to the waiter, giving him permission to start serving their lunch.

The ladies waited in silence as the man rolled an elaborate tray into the room, then place the china on the immaculate linen table cloth set up in the center of the conservancy. When they were alone again, she turned to smile at Tara. "So tell me about yourself," she said.

Tara shrugged her shoulders. "There isn't much to tell. I'm twenty six years old. I went to Harvard Business School in the United States for my business degree. I was immediately hired by the palace as a junior analyst. I've basically worked for Prince Maximillian's office since college but I've only been working directly for him for the past two years."

The queen nodded attentively as they dined on baked salmon and crisp vegetables. "You seem to have moved through the ranks quickly. The last person to fill your job was in his late forties and only lasted for two years before retiring out of exhaustion."

Tara laughed. She'd heard the story several times. "I've often suspected that story might be an exaggeration, but I'll admit your son is a bit of a task master."

The queen smiled but she shook her head. "It isn't an exaggeration. Max is heartless when it comes to preserving his causes or promoting one of his projects."

"Yes, he's dedicated to the people of Cordova."

"Are you?" the queen asked directly.

Tara nodded immediately and sincerely. "Absolutely. My family dates back several generations and we fully support the monarchy. They have been good for Cordova."

The queen nodded, satisfied with Tara's response. "I agree, although I'm not originally from Cordova. So when I heard about this country that still maintained a monarchy, I was pretty horrified. I thought of it as some archaic dictatorship that needed to be overthrown."

Tara almost choked on the bite she'd just put into her mouth. "Really?' Tara asked, shocked but genuinely interested. The queen's words were basically treasonous but said with humor and a large dose of self-derision. "And now you're the queen. How did that happen?"

Queen Natasha smiled nostalgically. "I met King Stephan." No other explanation was offered. It was as if meeting King Stephan answered all the questions and put the world into perspective.

"He's a wonderful ruler," Tara replied diplomatically but unsure why just meeting the king would change such radical ideals in someone who appeared to be very self-assured.

Unfortunately, the queen didn't elaborate but went on, "I agree. And so will Max some day."

"I think he'll be one of the greatest," she agreed. Here it comes, Tara thought. This is where she tells me that I'll never be good enough to sit beside the future ruler of Cordova.

"What do you think about Lord Charlton?" Queen Natasha asked, completely switching the subject.

Tara was confused. Wasn't Queen Natasha supposed to tell her that royals only marry royals? Or at least someone of the aristocracy? Where was the lecture? Where was the superiority? Tara didn't understand. She quickly thought about a diplomatic way of answering the queen's questions despite her confusion.

"I think Lord Charlton has a very nice mustache."

The queen laughed openly. "Yes. I agree with you on that. I imagine that he spends a great deal of time grooming it. I think men consider facial hair a sign of virility," she shook her head.

Tara smiled, feeling as if she'd just passed some sort of test. "A man's true source of value comes from his intelligence and his compassion for fellow humans. Not from his ability to procreate," Tara said quietly. She didn't like Lord Charlton but she didn't want to say something bad about a man she didn't know very well. She'd only met him in a few meetings but he hadn't struck her as very ethical. He seemed very sleazy and not very interesting. The man was stuck on himself and the amount of power he wielded and did many things to ensure an increase of his power.

"Very diplomatically said," the queen replied. "What about Lord Marchum?"

Tara looked away from the queen. "I don't like Lord Marchum," she said quietly, ignoring diplomacy in this one instance.

"That sounds personal," the queen replied.

Tara wouldn't look at the queen but also wouldn't relent on her harsh opinion of the man. "Let's just say I don't like being alone with Lord Marchum." Tara had made the mistake of assisting Lord Marchum one afternoon and had found herself alone with the man who had suddenly turned into an octopus with hands everywhere. It had been difficult to escape from his clutches but after that, Tara had made sure she was never alone with him and kept her distance even in a crowd. The man was a leach!

"So he's made a pass at you as well," the queen said, nodding her head. "Me too, if you can believe it."

Tara's eyes widened and she moved her gaze from the lovely orchid to the queen's face. "You too? How dare he!"

"He dares," the queen laughed. "But we won't tell anyone else. I don't want to witness my husband's wrath if he ever finds out," she said.

"If I find out what?" King Stephan asked as he walked into the conservatory. He bent down and kissed his wife on the cheek then turned to smile at Tara who was now standing respectfully beside the table.

"Good afternoon, your majesty," Tara said, curtsying.

"Good afternoon. I'm sorry to interrupt your meal," he said. "I was only stopping by to see if you were going to be able to make it to the meeting this afternoon," he said to the queen, his eyes twinkling.

Queen Natasha rolled her eyes. "You know perfectly well that I'll be there. And I also know perfectly well why you interrupted us. Now that you've accomplished your mission, please be off," she said to the king. "I still have more work to do."

"Yes, my love. Always grateful for your assistance in these matters." He turned to Tara. "It was a great pleasure to meet you, my dear. I look forward to many more occasions in the future." With those words, the king left the conservatory, leaving a very confused Tara and a chuckling Natasha.

"That man has never been very good at minding his own business," she said. "Now, where were we?"

"You were talking about Lord Marchum."

"Oh yes," the queen nodded. "Well, since we're both aware of his propensity toward vulgarity, let's move on to something more interesting, shall we?"

"Of course," Tara replied.

"I need your help with something," she said.

"What's that, your majesty?"

"I noticed how well you handled yourself at the ball last weekend and I was hoping to impose upon you again this weekend. There's another event that is very important and Max needs to be able to concentrate on talking with some very influential people. Would you be able to attend with him and assist him with meeting and talking with these people?"

Tara searched her mind in an effort to review Max's calendar for the weekend. She didn't know of any important meetings he was attending. In fact, she'd thought that his calendar tomorrow night was blocked off for a personal night. "Of course," Tara said. "I've done that several times in the past."

"No, you can't be there in an official assistant's position. You'll have to attend as his date," she clarified. "Max will need someone who can charm and be witty during the right moments. I think you'll fit into that role well."

Tara stared for only a moment. "Of course," she repeated.

"Good. The dress is formal again but unfortunately, since I've sprung this on you at the last moment, you won't be able to meet with the palace designer for a dress. I'll have my assistant find something appropriate for you to wear. Can you be here at the palace Saturday at four o'clock? She'll have several dresses that you can choose from. I'll also have a hair dresser here to help with your hair."

Tara nodded in agreement. "I'd be honored to help in anyway I can," she said.

"Wonderful. Listen, I have to run but thank you so much for spending some time with me. There might be other situations where I'll need your help but I'll try and give you as much notice as possible." She stopped on her way out the door, "Perhaps you should check in with the designer on Monday so she can get your measurements. That way, she can start working on some dresses for you just in case there's a need for an urgent evening. Would you mind terribly?" she asked.

"That would be fine," Tara said, standing next to the lunch table.

"Thank you Tara." With those words, the queen was gone.

Tara looked around the lovely room filled with fragrant flowers and wondered what had just happened. She was obviously working tomorrow night. How would Max treat her on a working date? It was an interesting, if overwhelming, idea.

Back in the office, she was just sitting down at her desk when Max appeared in front of her. "You had lunch with my mother?" he demanded.

"Yes."

His face had no expression when he asked, "What did she talk about?"

"Nothing in particular. She asked me to accompany you tomorrow night," she said and picked up her note pad, prepared to take notes. "Want to fill me in on the important project that you're working on so I'll be prepared?"

Max stared at her blankly. Then his face crinkled up into laughter. He threw back his head and laughed, the noise filling up the office space.

"I don't get the joke," Tara said, still holding her pen in anticipation of his instructions.

His laughter finally subsided and he looked down at her, the humor still in his eyes. "Don't worry," he said. "I'll fill you in later. About tomorrow night, there aren't any notes you can take to prepare yourself for the evening. I'm afraid we're just going to have to wing it as the night progresses," he explained.

Tara bit her lip at his words. "I'm afraid I'm not very good at that," she said, looking worriedly at her computer screen.

"Don't worry about it. I know you'll get through tomorrow night beautifully. I'll have a driver pick you up so you don't have to worry about getting home," he said and winked at her before walking into his office.

The afternoon flew by and she was still typing up some information into a spreadsheet when Max walked up behind her. "Time to close down the shop," he said and reached around her to hit the save key.

Tara's body instantly reacted to his nearness but she didn't want to give in to the feelings. Something was different about him tonight and it made her more nervous than usual. She kept typing as she said, "I'll be done in just a few more minutes. This budget has to get out first thing Monday morning."

"It can wait," he said and pulled her chair back.

Tara's hands were shaking as he pulled her out of her chair. "Why are you so nervous around me tonight?" he asked.

"I don't know. Perhaps because it is Friday night," she replied, reluctantly letting him lead her out of the office.

"I know. And it also means that you don't have to get home early. So I can keep you here and ravish you, can't I?" he said, then laughed when she pulled her hands out of his. "Tara, you're so transparent," he said when he'd finished laughing and took her hands in his again. "Trust me," he said. "It has been a long week. I know you're tired. Just come watch a movie with me. I ordered pizza for dinner with extra cheese, just like you like it."

"How do you know what kind of pizza I like?" she asked as he led her down the hallway to the screening room.

He walked to a hidden console and pressed several buttons. The lights dimmed and the screen scrolled silently out of the ceiling. "You told me, a long time ago."

"I did?"

He turned around to face her now. "Yes. You did. Now take off your jacket," he said when he guided her into a soft leather chair in the screening room. He bent down and took off her shoes. "What kind of movie are you interested in?" he asked.

She tried to reach for her shoes again but he tossed them into the corner. "I think I'm going to institute jeans Fridays so you'll be more comfortable next week. What do you think?"

"Don't do it on my account," she said, and tucked her stocking clad feet underneath her as she sat back nervously in the leather chair, her hands demurely placed over her knees.

"You wouldn't wear them no matter what I order, will you?"

"I don't own a pair of jeans," she said, laughing at his charming face.

"You're kidding," he said.

"Yes," she replied, a smile growing across her face.

Max sighed deeply. "Thank goodness. I've imagined your incredible legs in jeans several times and we'd have to leave right now if you were serious."

"Leave now for what?" she asked, watching curiously to see what he was doing. He was pressing buttons and suddenly, the movie started playing. It was the opening music, no irritating previews for royal versions of movies obviously.

"To buy you some jeans," he said as if that were the most obvious answer in the world.

Tara laughed at his deadpan expression. "You're kidding, right?" she asked, tossing his phrase right back at him.

"Absolutely not. With your legs? It would be a shame not to show them off in a pair of jeans. And several other outfits I can think of right off the top of my head," he said and took her hands in his to pull her to a standing position. Once standing, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her soundly, then when she was completely flustered, he walked over to the leather sofa and pulled her down next to him. "This is better," he said.

"Why?" she asked after he pulled her down beside him and wrapped an arm around her shoulders.

"Because now I can make out with you during the movie," he said against her ear.

Every muscle in Tara's body tensed and she turned her face toward him to determine if he was kidding again. He looked absolutely serious.

"I'll wait until after the pizza comes," he said and turned to watch the movie.

"The pizza is being delivered?"

"Of course," he said and picked up the remote, just holding it in his hands.

Tara had to laugh at the picture of the crown prince holding a remote control just like any other man.

"What's so funny?" he asked, smiling at her laughing face.

"I've just never pictured you being normal. But now that I see you with the remote in your hand, I guess you are just as hard wired for remotes as other men are," she said and relaxed against his shoulder, tucking her feet underneath her.

"Of course I'm normal. What man would ever allow a woman control of the remote?" he said and sat back to watch the movie.

A servant arrived about fifteen minutes into the movie to deliver the pizza and a bottle of red wine. The movie was so interesting that neither of them wanted to stop the movie just to get a piece of pizza. The servant placed it on a table in front of them, then disappeared. The two of them munched on pizza and sipped delicious red wine while watching the romantic comedy that was filled with adventure and action.

When the credits started rolling along the screen, Tara was completely relaxed against Max's side, her head resting on his shoulder. The closing music reminded her of Max's statement before the movie about making out and she immediately jumped up and started looking for her shoes.

"That was a great movie," she said and found her shoes in the front of the room. She then looked around for her jacket. "And the pizza was the best. I can't believe I ate so much," she said and victoriously picked up her jacket that had slid onto the floor. "I'd better be getting home. Tomorrow's another work day. You're mother asked me to be here by the late afternoon," she said and started walking out of the room.

Max caught her hand gently and stopped her. "What's wrong?" he asked and carefully pulled her back to a sitting position on the sofa.

She wouldn't look at him. "I need to get home," she whispered.

"No you don't. You're not even tired and it is only nine o'clock. You're usually here until ten or eleven."

"Yes, but then you walk me to my car, kiss me senseless and then I drive home in a daze," she admitted. "I need to pay more attention to the drive or I'm going to cause an accident."

"All the more reason to spend the night here with me," he said. His fingers were making circles on the palm of her hands, creating havoc with her concentration and determination.

"No. We have to stop that. I can't live like that anymore. I can't see you like that anymore."

"Why not? I know you enjoy kissing me just as much as I like kissing you. What's the problem?"

Tara pulled her hand out from his and stood up. "The problem is that you're the crown prince and you need to get married, have little princes and princesses and rule a country. I'm in the same boat, but without the political pressures behind my marriage. I want to fall in love, get married and have children. If I continue down this road, I'll never fall out of..." Tara looked at him quickly and turned around. "I'll never find someone to fall in love with."

Max stood up and came behind her. "What were you going to say?" he asked.

"Nothing. You're a very dynamic and attractive man. Knowing you tends to alter my expectations of other men. Going down this road, I don't see any ending that will make my 'happily ever after' nor will it ease the pressures your parents are putting on you to get married."

"I think I have a solution to that, but I'll probably have to prove a few more things to you before I raise that issue," he said and tugged her back down onto his lap. "The first of which is that you don't need to be afraid of me," he said and his mouth gently touched hers.

And just as it had happened every night this week, at the first touch of their lips, the fire exploded between them. Tara stopped thinking and her arms curled around his neck, pulling him closer, her lips begging for more than just a taste of him. She told herself to pull away and run as fast as she could, but her body only leaned closer to his, eager to feel the sensations his touch could ignite within her.

"Max, we can't do this," she said but her mouth just found his again, her lips opening for his insistent tongue.

"Stop talking, Tara," he said and leaned her over so her back was pressed against the seat of the sofa. His hands were now free to explore and his right hand slid down her waist, over her hip and down her skirt until it found the hem. Then it slowly traveled upwards, underneath the wool until it found the top of her thigh high stockings. His fingers rested lightly on the bare flesh, feeling the softness and rubbing against the lace at the top of her stockings.

Tara's mind whirled at the new sensations. Her hands gripped his shoulders and her back arched into him, begging him to touch more of her. His hand slipped out from under her skirt and pulled the hem of her shirt out of the waistband of her skirt. Tara gasped when his fingers found the bare flesh of her stomach and led a trail of fire up her torso. His hand stopped right underneath her breast, one thumb rubbing the lace of her bra and making her moan with anticipation.

Instead of traveling the last few inches, his hand traveled back down and Tara almost screamed in frustration. "Please, don't stop," she cried out, holding his hand and stopping it from moving away from her breast.

"I'm not," he said, his voice harsh as his hand slowly undid the buttons of her silk shirt. His eyes took in the scrap of white lace that covered her breasts, the heat making her weak. "You're beautiful, Tara," he said and his hand flicked open the front clasp of her bra.

Tara stared, watching his eyes as his hand moved to cover her breast. She almost cried when his thumb flicked over her nipple. His head dropped so his mouth could replace his hand and Tara's hands held his mouth in place, showing him without words what she needed.

Max was more than able to provide and his mouth covered her nipple, creating sensation after sensation as her hands pulled at his hair. His teeth nibbled and then his mouth suckled, driving Tara to the brink of pain and pleasure.

While his mouth continued its torture, his hand moved back to the hem of her skirt, sliding upwards again and finding the lace of her underwear. His fingers moved along the edges and teased her legs apart. Eventually, his hand was able to pull the lace down and completely off, giving his hand free access to the core of her which he quickly took advantage of.

Tara's mind was screaming and she was desperate to feel him but he shook his head when her fingers started unbuttoning his shirt. "I can't, Tara. Just relax and let me love you tonight," he said and his other hand held her hands over her head, imprisoning them there while his other hand caressed her body and slowly entered her as his own body was screaming to do.

Tara could no longer hold back. When his fingers entered her and his thumb touched her pulsing desire, her body splintered into a thousand pieces as her orgasm took over, spinning her mind out of control.

Max watched, fascinated by the feminine beauty of her. He wanted to bury himself inside her but knew that he had to take things more slowly. He had probably gone too far tonight, had only meant to kiss her and touch her. But she was so responsive, so sexy, he couldn't stop.

When her eyes slowly opened and were able to focus on him, he pulled her up so she was sitting in his lap again, then gently kissed her, bringing her down to earth and reality again.

"Oh," was all she could think of to say.

"I agree," he chuckled.

Tara tried to get her breathing under control, but her body was still pulsating softly in the aftermath of his lovemaking. She relaxed, leaning her head against his shoulder.

"I'm sorry," she said, embarrassed that she had so completely lost herself and he was still dressed, not even a button undone.

"Don't be. You're incredibly beautiful in the throes of passion," he said, his voice husky at the memory.

"Max, I...I don't know what to say," she said and tried to slip off his lap.

"Say you'll do that with me again. Soon," he added.

Tara shivered in his arms. "Max, I..."

"Shh. You're not going to say the right thing, so I don't want to hear it."

"I need to go home," she said and tried to stand.

"The love em and leave em type, huh?" he said and stood up with her.

"No. I'm sorry. Max, this is confusing. That's never happened to me before," she said and a tear formed in the corner of her eye.

"Hey, what's this?" he said and stepped forward to catch the errant tear. He took her in his arms and hugged her. "Don't worry about anything, okay?" he asked. "Just trust me."

Tara took a deep, shuddering breath. "I'm not sure what to think."

He looked down at her and put a hand under her chin so she'd look at him. "Have I ever done anything to hurt you?" he asked.

"No," she replied instantly.

"Right. Now trust me. Just be here tomorrow at whatever time my mother asked you to be here. And I promise everything will be fine. She was right. I need you tomorrow night. It will be an interesting evening," he said.

"Okay," she said and picked up her jacket again. For some reason, it kept falling to the floor each time she placed it somewhere. She hoped it wasn't a metaphor for what she was currently doing.

"Come on, I'll walk you to your car. And just so you're prepared, I will kiss you again," he joked.

Tara laughed slightly. "I'm not sure I'm worried about your kisses anymore," she said.

"Good. At least I've accomplished something."

Tara had to laugh out loud at his boyish grin. "Yes. You've definitely accomplished that tonight," she replied.

He walked her to her car and true to his word, he kissed her tenderly. But even that kind of kiss, meant to reassure and get her to trust him, completely obliterated any rational thought she had.

She fell into bed that night but didn't have trouble sleeping. As soon as her head hit the pillow, she was out. She didn't wake up until late Saturday morning.

Tara looked out the window and felt wonderful. She looked around and wondered why everything looked better, fresher this morning. Then the memories of the previous night came back to her. She buried her face in the pillow, but she smiled as well. Tara had never before felt those kinds of feelings before. She was amazed that Max could create those kinds of feelings within her. There was also embarrassment that she had been so uninhibited in his arms but she pushed those feelings away, not wanting them to mar the good mood she was currently in.

Now she knew she was completely in love with the man. Oh, she'd been in love with him before last night. The man was intelligent and caring and respectful but still masterful and commanding.

Looking at the clock, she realized it was later than she'd ever slept before. Throwing the covers off, she slipped out of bed and showered quickly. In order to get her mind off of tonight, she decided to scrub her house. Starting in the kitchen, she worked from top to bottom, cleaning the cabinets on the inside and out, taking out every dish, glass and glassware. She was scrubbing the top shelves when the phone call came. Taking off one rubber glove, she answered the phone quickly, thinking it would be her mother. Tara didn't want her mother to know about her cleaning. That was always a sure give away to her mother that something was wrong.

But it was Queen Natasha's secretary. "I'm just calling to confirm your appointment this afternoon and ask if you might have the time for measurements as well. The dressmaker is eager to get started on new dresses. Or would you like me to reschedule the measurements? I understand you have a busy afternoon and the Queen doesn't want to take up too much of your afternoon."

"No, no, that's fine. I'll be there."

"That's good. The queen wanted to assure you that she'll make the fitting as quick and painless as possible," the secretary said.

"Thank you."

"We'll see you soon then," she said and rung off.

Tara looked at the clock. She had less than a half hour before she needed to be at the palace and she had only taken a shower. Tossing her gloves onto a stack of plates, she rushed to her room and pulled her hair back into a neat pony tail and slipped on a pair of black slacks and a soft sweater. She looked at her reflection in the mirror and wondered if she should put on a business suit. But she just didn't feel like it. She wanted to be comfortable and the soft pink sweater made her feel more confident. It was made of silk and cashmere and fitted her like a glove.

She put on a touch of mascara, some powder and lipstick, then grabbed her purse and drove to the palace. As soon as she walked into the living quarters, she was greeted by the queen's assistant who introduced herself as Debra. "This way to the dress maker's area," she said formally and preceded Tara into a large room filled with every possible kind of fabric both casual and formal.

"Good afternoon, Ms. Michaels. I'm Lizzy," the dressmaker said, smiling brightly as she shook Tara's hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you. I understand you'll be needing several dresses for formal occasions when you will be escorted by our handsome prince, is that right?"

Lizzy was the perfect name for the outrageous woman standing in front of Tara. She was in her mid fifties with frizzy red hair going every which way but with beautiful blue eyes that shone with excitement and energy. She was wearing a bright, blue dress that hugged her buxom figure, then flared out at the waist. On anyone else, the dress would look comical but on Lizzy, she could somehow pull it off wonderfully.

Tara was appalled at the idea of the palace spending so much money on dresses for her. She shook her head as she replied, "Oh, probably only one or two. I don't think I'll need more than that."

Lizzy basically ignored Tara's comment, smiling mysteriously. "We'll see," she said and her eyes twinkled as if she knew something Tara didn't. "You have lovely skin, my dear. And that hair!" she exclaimed in relief. "It will be fun to create something for a brunette for a change," she laughed. "Red heads are a fun challenge though, aren't they?"

"Yes, I suppose," Tara replied, trying to be diplomatic since the queen and her two daughters had red hair.

The dress maker tucked and measured Tara from so many points and angles, Tara was confused. She measured for over half an hour and some of the measurements didn't make any sense so Tara ended up just following orders and raising her hand, foot or shoulder whenever the dictatorial dressmaker spoke.

"Okay. We are all done. I'll have something ready for you immediately," she said, smiling regally.

"Thank you. I don't know when I'll need a dress though. I haven't heard anything from the queen except for tonight," Tara explained.

Lizzy simply waved away Tara's concerns. "No problem. Whenever you need something, we'll be ready now."

Debra magically appeared in the doorway. "Are you all finished in here?" she asked.

"Yes," Lizzy nodded, answering for the whole group.

Debra smiled at Tara at that point. "I have several dresses that might work for you tonight. Will you come this way?" she asked and showed Tara to another room that was filled with about fifteen dresses hanging in various places along the walls.

Tara almost gasped in awe at the beautiful dresses. "Oh my. These are lovely," Tara said, fingering the lovely gowns made of the softest chiffon or satin. Some were beaded, some just shimmered with metallic threads in the fabric. They were all dainty and some of the most amazing dresses she'd ever seen.

"The queen told me what would be appropriate for the evening so choose any of them you'd like and we'll keep the others on hand for future occasions. If you don't like any of them, I'll have them returned," she explained.

Tara touched a dress made of layer after layer of shimmering pink chiffon. She imagined that it would float around her feet, making her look like a fairy in a wonderland. The bodice was fitted and had jeweled spaghetti straps.

Debra came up behind her. "Would you like to try it on?" she asked softly.

Tara immediately stepped back. "Oh, no." Sighing, Tara turned to the other woman. "I'm not sure the queen mentioned that I'll be working tonight. I probably need something more conservative and less...I'm not sure what the right word is but these just seem inappropriate for my place tonight."

Debra looked confused. "I'm sorry, it was my understanding that you would be accompanying Prince Maximillian tonight. Was I misinformed?" she asked, opening up a book that she'd been holding the whole time.

"No, that's correct. But I'll be with him in a professional capacity," she tried to clarify.

Debra's eyes rose at that but she only smiled hesitantly. "I'm sorry?"

Tara laughed. "Well, not in that kind of capacity. You see, I'm his assistant. I work for him as a senior analyst in his office. I'll only be there to help him in an official capacity."

Debra shook her head. "I'm not sure I understand," she said, frowning and looking at her notes. "The prince is scheduled to attend the ballet tonight."

It was Tara's turn to look confused. "The ballet?"

Debra nodded. "Yes. He'll be dining with the Minister of Defense and his sister, then attending the ballet afterwards."

Tara felt better. "Oh, well that explains it. The Minister of Defense and Max are probably discussing the airport project tonight. I should get my notes together for that," she said and fingered the dress one last time. "I'll rush home and get a simple black dress for tonight. I'd feel much better if I wasn't so..."

"Conspicuous?" a new voice said from the doorway.

Tara turned quickly and saw the queen entering the room. She curtsied quickly and the queen smiled gently. "My dear, you don't understand about tonight so you'll just have to trust me in this situation." She looked at the pink, shimmering gown and nodded. "This dress will be perfect for the evening. Why don't you go try it on," she said and took the dress down off the hook.

Tara accepted the beautiful dress but was hesitant. "This really isn't my usual way of dressing."

The queen smiled. "Maybe it should be," she said and gently pushed her toward the dressing room. "Now show us how you look in the dress."

Tara slipped into the smaller room and took off her clothes. She carefully slid the amazing dress on, then zipped it up. Turning to see herself in the mirror, she was astonished at how different she looked. The softer color made her look dainty and delicate. She felt graceful and very, very feminine. She wondered what Max would think of her in this dress. She shook her head. That was silly, she told herself. She wasn't here today to impress him but her mind automatically returned to the previous evening and how wonderful she had felt as she melted in his arms. Her face turned red just at the memory of how intimate they had been in the screening room and she looked around to see if anyone had seen her face. But she was still alone in the dressing room, thankfully.

"How do you look?" Queen Natasha asked outside the dressing room.

"Different," Tara called out. Then carefully picked up the skirt and stepped out into the main area where Debra and the queen were waiting.

The queen's initial response was flattering. "Perfect!" she said and clapped her hands together in front of her. "It is just what we're looking for tonight."

"Are you sure?" Tara asked, looking down at the fabric floating around her feet. "I'm really going to stand out like this. I think I should wear something that helps me blend into the background."

The queen shook her head and smiled gently. "Nonsense. You look perfect. Now that we've chosen the dress, go take it off and we'll get you in for your hair. I'm sure Nettie will be thrilled with your dark locks instead of our red ones for a change."

"Nettie?" Tara asked, feeling like she was losing control.

"My hair dresser," the queen said. "Debra? Can you take over? You know what would be appropriate."

"Yes, your majesty," Debra said and turned back to Tara as the queen left the room.

The rest of the afternoon was like a fantasy. Tara was given a massage, manicure, pedicure, facial and her makeup was professionally put on. The last part was having her hair done by what could only be called an artist. Nettie twisted and curled, pinned and tucked Tara's hair so that it piled on top of her head in romantic curls with small tendrils falling down the sides to daintily touch her earlobes, leaving her neck and shoulders completely bare.

It was six o'clock when Tara stepped into the dress again. It had been magically hemmed while she'd been pampered during the afternoon and, with the shoes that had been chosen for her, the dress was only a fraction of an inch over the floor.

Tara stared at her reflection in the mirror and almost didn't recognize herself. She was even wearing small diamond earrings and a dainty diamond necklace, courtesy of the queen.

She walked into the salon where she'd been told Max would meet her. He was joking with Sam Montrose and his wife, Princess Marabeth, Max's younger sister. Max was about to take a sip of his drink when he spotted her but his glass froze midway to his mouth when he caught sight of her in the doorway.

"Wow!" he said and put the forgotten drink down on the bar. Sam and Princess Marabeth smiled at Max's reaction. Sam slapped him on the shoulder, saying "Go greet your date, you uncouth man!"

Max barely reacted since all of his senses were centered on the woman standing in the doorway like an ethereal fairy about to flit away at the first sign of danger. But when she smiled tentatively toward him, as if she were waiting for his approval, his body instantly snapped to attention and he moved forward quickly to take Tara's hands. "You look beautiful," he breathed.

Tara was thrilled with his reaction and she could see the sincerity in his eyes. "It's the dress," she said, but was flattered that he liked it so much.

Max chuckled softly and shook his head. "No. You're incredibly lovely," he said, then kissed her gently on the lips. "The dress is only a frame for your beauty."

His words made her glow and her smile grew broader. No man had ever said anything like that to her. She supposed none had the masculinity to carry it off like Max did.

Tara was slightly embarrassed to have an audience. So far, no one knew anything about their relationship and she was trying to keep it that way. She didn't want to have to work in the palace and be known as the prince's jilted girlfriend. It would be so much nicer to keep her relationship just between the two of them so she could have some pride once it was over. And especially when Max married. She didn't want to have to leave the palace simply because rumors had reached his new wife that an old girlfriend was still working for him. Thankfully, she glanced at the two other occupants of the room and they were both turned away, giving Tara and Max a moment of relative privacy.

"Ready for dinner?" Max asked Tara.

"Sure. Where are we going?" she asked.

"I believe the chef has prepared a meal on the veranda," Max said.

The extra privacy was what she would have preferred. "Lead the way," she said, smiling broadly, warmed by the desire she saw in his eyes.

The four of them dined outside under a pretty white tent that had been set up for the evening. There was candlelight and soft music and wonderful food. The conversation was lively and Tara had one of the most entertaining dinners she'd ever experienced. Sam and Marabeth seemed to be perfectly suited for each other. Sam was intelligent but very opinionated. Marabeth on the other hand, was very intelligent as well, but kept him in line with pointed jibes that contradicted just about everything he said. There was one point when Sam actually changed his opinion because of something Marabeth said. It was a very complimentary relationship.

Max went out of his way to be charming and make sure Tara was included in the conversation. She laughed at his jokes and at Marabeth arguing with her husband and brother. Tara had never heard of anyone challenging these two people before and was intrigued by the idea. Sure, Tara put small comments in the notes of some of the contracts. And she saw how some of those comments influenced Max's decisions. But she had never thought of coming right out and stating her opinion on a subject before.

After dinner, they drove off to the opening night of the ballet. Tara was excited because she loved the ballet. She'd taken dance as a child but had never progressed very far although the lessons created a love and appreciation for the dance that had endured ever since.

They had perfect seats, of course. There were only four chairs in the royal box at the theater and Marabeth and Tara sat in the two front chairs while Sam and Max sat behind them.

Tara and Marabeth were both completely engrossed in the ballet. Max and Sam sat behind them and basically ignored the stage, whispering to each other about various projects that were ongoing or just joking with each other about various subjects.

During intermission, Tara and Marabeth stood up. Princess Marabeth glared at the two men who just stared back at her innocently. "What's wrong, princess?" Sam said and took her arm to lead her out for refreshments.

"You two are horrible," she said and shook her head.

Tara laughed and took Max's arm, following behind them. "I'm guessing you don't really like the ballet?"

"Not exactly my favorite sport," he said, smiling down at her.

"Why are you here if you don't like it?

"Because it is opening night and my father drew the longer straw."

That stopped her in her tracks. "You drew straws?" she asked, shocked.

"Sure," he laughed. "He's not a big fan either."

Tara sighed, horrified at the idea. "I can't believe the crown prince does not like ballet," she whispered. "I thought you would prefer all the things that are considered refined and uplifting."

"I can appreciate the ballet, but I just don't enjoy it. I think the artists work hard at their performance so I know it is important to be here. Royal presence endorses the art and encourages others to both participate and donate. But enjoy it? Not really," he grimaced.

They stepped out of the private box and were instantly surrounded by people wanting to greet Max, Marabeth or Sam. Tara tried to step back and allow Max room to circulate, just as she normally would at an official function, but he wouldn't allow that. He kept her right beside him and introduced her to all the people he spoke with.

Tara was worried that people would get the wrong impression. She didn't want people to think that she was here as his date. Several of the ladies and gentlemen being introduced to her she spoke with on the phone during the week since they had business with Max or the government.

By the time the lights dimmed indicating the end of the intermission, Tara had met so many people she had a hard time remembering some people's name. When they sat down again, Marabeth pulled Sam into the seat next to her so she could keep him from talking during the second half.

Max sat behind Sam so he could see over his head, but, just as in the first half, he wasn't paying any attention to the ballet. This time it wasn't because he was talking about work issues though. He took her hand in his and made erotic circles on her palm making Tara gasp and wiggle in an attempt to pull her hand away. But when Sam glanced back at them, she realized she'd have to sit still or he would know what was happening.

"Stop, Max," she whispered.

Max leaned over as if he were going to whisper in her ear but instead, he took her earlobe between his teeth and nibbled. To the rest of the world, it looked as if he were saying something quietly to her. But Tara's heartbeat went into overtime and she had trouble concentrating on the performance for the rest of the night.

The ballet ended to a standing ovation and the performers saluted the prince and princess who bowed gracefully back. Tara watched in fascination as Max exited the role of lover and immediately became an official figure. There wasn't anything overt about the change but it was more of a subtle difference. His shoulders were more pulled back? His eyes more distant? Tara couldn't put her finger on it, but the difference was definitely there.

For security reasons, they did not exit the theater through the main doors. They met their car below the theater in the parking garage and drove away inconspicuously.

Sam and Marabeth sat across from them in the limousine. Marabeth kept the conversation going by talking about the performers and teasing Max and Sam about their lack of interest. Tara tried to keep up her end of the conversation, but with Max sitting next to her, his thigh resting against hers and the heat from his body burning hers, she was pretty much useless. Marabeth seemed to understand and focused her questions mostly on Max until they reached the palace.

They left the car and Sam immediately took Marabeth to their private living quarters, leaving Tara alone with Max.

There was an awkward moment right after the other two left. Tara stood in the hallway watching the couple leave, wondering what Max expected of her tonight. "I guess I should find my own clothes and head home," she said and started moving toward the dressing room where she'd left her street clothes earlier that day.

"I imagine that they've been delivered to my suite," Max said and took her hand to lead her in that direction.

Tara didn't like the sound of that. "Why would they do that?" she asked, but followed along behind him.

"Why not?" he teased.

"Because I'm here as an employee."

Max laughed but didn't answer her. "Will you stay and have a glass of wine with me?" he asked and opened the door to his rooms, closing it firmly behind her.

Tara accepted, simply because she didn't want the night to end. The ballet had been spectacular and she didn't really want to leave Max anyway. She liked being around him and he made her feel pretty. "Why don't you like the ballet?" she asked as he uncorked a bottle of red wine.

"It is fine. It just isn't something I want to spend the whole night doing," he explained from a bar where he quickly opened a bottle of wine, pouring two glasses. "A half hour maybe but not three hours." He handed her a chilled glass of white wine then took the other himself.

Tara quickly stepped away from him, taking a sip of wine, enjoying the cool liquid slipping down her throat. "What would you rather be doing?" she asked, looking at an oil painting that was hung over a sofa. She was nervous but was trying to hide that fact from Max.

"Making love to you," he said and let a finger trail down her bare arm. He took her hand and led her out onto the balcony, then leaned against the railing.

Tara didn't know how to respond. She didn't know if she could. Her mouth was suddenly dry and her breathing accelerated rapidly. Staring up into the handsome face, she wished she could just throw herself into his arms. But something stopped her.

"Why is that so hard for you to accept?" he asked.

She couldn't hold his gaze so she took a step backwards, then walked out onto the balcony and looked out at the stars. "Because I've seen the pictures of the women you usually escort. I don't really compare."

"Are you kidding? You're incredibly lovely," he said and came up behind her. "You're skin is perfect and your eyes seem to glow with laughter and intelligence. You have a figure a model would be proud of and you're legs...well, since I've never seen your legs personally except in those suite you always wear in the office, I can't comment but I can imagine that they are pretty spectacular just from the glimpses I've stolen over the past few years."

Tara flushed. "Max, please stop," she said.

He turned her around and forced her to look at him. "Why? Explain to me why it is so hard for you to believe that I'm interested in you. You're an incredibly intelligent, beautiful woman that excites me like no other woman ever has. What other requirements could I possibly have?"

"First of all, I might be passably attractive, but the women you usually date spend their whole day primping. So there's no way I can compare to them. Secondly, you shouldn't be interested in me. You should be looking for someone who can eventually become queen. I don't fit into that category," she said and looked down at her wine glass.

"Why do you think so?" he asked. "You're wonderful with every level of society, have an intelligence that surpasses the average by several points and you see the good in people instead of the bad. That's pretty much all it takes to become queen."

She loved those words but knew they couldn't be true. "Max..."

"And what's more, I want you."

Tara started shivering with his words. It was now or never. She could accept what he was able to give her and leave when it was over, or she could walk away. Could she just accept the sliver of heaven for the short period, then walk away? The idea of not accepting what he was offering was out of the question. She'd experienced the possibilities last night and now she wanted to see what the rest would be like with Max. She knew it would be incredible. Taking a deep breath, she accepted the inevitable. Knowing there would be pain when he moved on to find his queen, she looked up into his handsome face and nodded. "I want you too," she said, sealing her fate for at least tonight.

"And after last night, I think we proved that the chemistry between us is pretty amazing."

"Probably," she admitted.

"Does that mean what I think it means?" he said and took her glass of wine out her hands. He placed his own hands on her hips and brought her closer.

Tara took a shuddering breath and nodded her head. She had known this would happen ever since she'd stepped into this dress earlier today. She wanted to make love with Max but she would have to keep it casual. She could not fall in love with him. And she would have to find another job once this affair was over. She couldn't continue to work for him after he moved on to the next woman, or worse, when he finally found someone appropriate to marry.

Max released a breath and looked up at the sky. "Thank goodness. I thought I was going to have to do more arguing."

Tara smiled shyly and put her arms around his neck. "Just make love to me," she said and accepted his lips against hers.

Max needed no further prompting. He quickly picked her up and carried her to his bedroom, then set her down beside the bed. His eyes were intense as he bent down and kissed her. There was no tenderness in this kiss. The passion had been stored up for too long for both of them. It was wild and hard and stirred Tara's senses until she was writhing against him, eager for his hands to touch her like he had last night.

The zipper of her dress slipped slowly down her back and the straps slid off her shoulders. The dress pooled around her feet and Tara stood in front of him dressed only in her shoes, thigh high stockings and panties.

"You're beautiful," he breathed and his hands moved to her waist again, slowly sliding up until they rested under her breasts. Tara couldn't take the teasing anymore and her hands reached for his and moved them higher until his hands were cupping her breasts, massaging the tender flesh.

She exhaled slowly and her head fell backwards. Max took the opportunity to kiss her neck, moving slowly up to her ear and nibbling her earlobe, tickling the delicate shell of her ear, then moving back down to capture her mouth again.

Tara didn't want the same scenario as last night so she pushed his jacket off his shoulders, then quickly unbuttoned his shirt. Once his chest was free of the fabric, she ran her fingers over the tanned skin, loving the feel of the muscles flexing wherever she touched.

Her hands moved to the waistband of his slacks and within moments, he was tossing his pants off onto a chair, quickly coming back to take her back into his arms.

He was now completely naked and he lifted her up and placed her in the center of the bed. He pulled her shoes off, one by one, then did the same for her stockings, making the feel of the silk coming down her legs sensuous. Her underwear followed and when she was completely naked, he stared down at her.

Tara was suddenly shy and tried to cover herself, but he shook his head. "No way. I've waited too long to see you like this. I'm going to look my fill," he said and pulled her hands away from her breasts. But instead of looking, his mouth followed where his hands had been, causing Tara to cry out from the sensations his mouth created inside her. Her hips moved and his hand came down to slide against her waist, feeling the satin softness of her hip.

His mouth moved to her other breast, giving that one equal attention. Tara arched her back, giving him greater access and holding his head in place, desperate for more but also pleading with him to stop.

Max bent her legs and pulled her closer while his mouth moved lower on her body. Tara's hands were on his shoulders but when his mouth dipped even lower, her fists gripped his hair, trying to stop him from going even lower. "No, Max, please, no more."

"Yes, more," he said and smiled as his mouth moved even lower. His hands grabbed hers and held them while his mouth found the core of her being. Within moments, Tara was splintering into a million pieces as her orgasm rolled over her.

Max didn't wait. He moved up and reached into the drawer beside his bed. After putting the condom on himself, he positioned himself between her legs, then watched her face as he slowly entered her softness. She didn't even have time to acknowledge the slight pain when he broke through her barrier, she was too desperate to feel all of him, experience the magic he was weaving around her.

Tara's legs curled up and moved around his waist, pulling him in deeper and the sensations started all over again only stronger this time. Tara couldn't talk or think. All she could do was hold on to Max's shoulders as he carried her to yet another orgasm. Max found his own fulfillment moments later, collapsing on top of her as the world disappeared for the two of them.

A long time later, Max lifted his head from her neck and pulled his weight off her, putting most of it onto his forearms. "I'm sorry, am I crushing you?" he asked, while one hand twirled a long, silky lock between his fingers.

"No," she whispered, not able to speak just yet.

Max looked down at her face and noticed her smile. "I guess I don't need to ask if it was good for you?"

Tara laughed. "No," she said, still a little amazed at how wonderful it could be. Then she looked up at him and became a little nervous. "Were you...did you ....?" She couldn't get the question out.

Max's laugh was deep in his throat. "Yes. Very much so."

"Oh," was all she could reply.

"Haven't you ever..."

Tara stopped him before he could finish the question. "Not like that," she said as primly as she could while still naked and underneath him.

"Why not?" he asked, extremely curious.

Tara tried rolling over but he wouldn't let her hide from him. "Because I just haven't. Okay?"

Max kissed her gently. "If it is any consolation, I haven't either," he said.

Tara rolled her eyes. "I don't believe you."

"Well, I've always found satisfaction, but not like that," he laughed. "You make me lose control," he growled and pulled her on top of him. "I knew it would be incredible with you," he said and started plucking the pins out of her hair and tossing them onto the bedside table. Eventually, her hair tumbled down around her shoulders.

Once he had all her hair unpinned, he ran his fingers through the still curly locks. "In fact," he said, sitting up himself and started nibbling on her shoulder, "I'd like to again," he said.

Tara's body instantly tensed. "Again? Is that possible?"

Max chuckled. "It's not only possible, but probable." A moment later, his hand moved up her stomach and found her left breast. "One could even say necessary," he growled.

Tara wiggled beneath his touch and her body responded instantly. "I can't really seem to say no to you, can I?"

"No. Especially when you don't want to," he said and his mouth captured her nipple.

"Well, that's true enough," she gasped and her hands started roving over his body. Tara was tentative at first, but when he groaned with her touch, she grew bolder, eventually pushing him back against the pillows and letting her mouth taste and nibble at his incredible body.

When she moved lower, Max growled, half chuckling at her destination. "You can't do that," he said and lifted her up so she was straddling him.

"Why not?" she asked.

"Because I want you here," he said and lowered her onto his erection. He held her hips and showed her how to move. Eventually, she took over the rhythm and he allowed her to set the pace. When he couldn't take it any longer, he reached down with his hand and helped her along. They came together, this time with Tara falling onto his chest, crying out her release.

By morning, Tara was still exhausted. They hadn't fallen asleep until after three in the morning. Max had woken her up two more times during the night to make love to her. So the sun was high in the sky when she rolled over, feeling confused and still tired.

"Good morning, sleepy head," he said from the bathroom.

Tara turned her head and found him walking out of the bathroom. He had just come out of the shower, but had a robe on this time instead of just a towel like he had the last time. Good grief, was it only one week ago that she'd fallen asleep on him at the party? "How are you feeling?" he asked, sitting down beside her and kissing her gently.

Tara considered that question for a long moment. "I'm not sure," she said and smiled. "I think I'm okay, but you'll have to give me time to adjust. I don't think I've ever used some of those muscles before." She knew she was blushing and wished she could be more sophisticated about the moment but she just wasn't used to waking up in other men's beds. This was definitely a first for her. Or a second, if last week counted. She wasn't sure what the protocol was.

Max laughed, amused with her attempts to act sophisticated but enchanted nevertheless. He wouldn't spoil it for her though by pointing out how cute she looked holding the sheet over her incredible body as if he hadn't seen and touched every delectable inch of her during the night. "Good. How about some breakfast?"

Tara wasn't really hungry for some reason but she didn't want to lie in bed as if she were some sort of hussy who couldn't get enough of her man, although that was the case. As soon as he'd walked out of the bathroom, her body had responded and her heartbeat had accelerated, wanting him to touch her and make love to her yet again. "As long as there's coffee, I'm up for anything," she said, yawning deeply. She stretched and rolled onto her side, not yet ready to get out of bed.

Max could read the signs well enough. He'd been with enough women to know desire for something other than food was what was on the table. And since his body was just as hard and ready for her as he had been last night, he just tossed his robe onto the floor and got into bed with her. "Well, if you're going to stay there," he said, and started to pull back the covers.

"No!" Tara laughed, holding the sheet to her chest.

Max laughed at her modesty. "Tara, there isn't an inch on your body that I haven't seen and tasted with my mouth. How in the world can you be shy after last night?" His mouth nibbled her shoulder, then kissed the area, sending shivers along her body. His hands slipped underneath the sheet, feeling for and finding her body easily.

Tara shook her head but gasped when his hand found her breast. "I don't know," she said breathlessly. "I just am. So let me get out of bed with a little bit of dignity and get to the bathroom so I can shower," she said.

"I'm not turning my head away," he said, rolling his eyes.

"Please?" she asked.

Max chuckled again. "No." And without any warning, he lifted her into his arms and carried her naked into the shower.

Tara screeched slightly and tried to grab for the sheet, but he moved her out of arm's reach quickly and then walked easily to the bathroom. He dumped her onto her feet in the shower, then turned on the water which was already warm.

Tara tried covering herself while rinsing off but Max just leaned against the shower door and watched her. "How is it that someone as incredibly beautiful as you are, doesn't have any experience with men like this?"

Tara just shrugged and turned her back on him, not wanting to discuss the topic. But he wasn't having any of that.

"You're going to answer my questions, Tara, one way or another," he said and stepped into the shower. He backed her up against the marble wall, pinning her there with his already hard body. "I'm always up for a challenge," he said and ran a water slickened hand up her body, stopping at strategic places to enjoy her gasps of pleasure.

Tara wanted to touch him as well, finding that she liked the way her hands could elicit reactions from him just as he could from her. Her hand ran down his shoulders, stopping to enjoy the muscular biceps and her mouth moved forward, her lips touching his male nipple and enjoying his groan in reaction. "I'm glad you could join me," she said and pushed the wet hair out of her face.

"Tara, I brought the subject up last night and now that I think about it you never really answered me. You're not getting out of it again this time. Answer the question. Haven't you ever had a lover before?"

"No," she replied and grabbed the soap that was beside her. She lathered her hands, then rubbed them over his shoulders, moving her slick body against his in an attempt to distract him from the conversation.

"Not going to be that easy," he said and pinned her hands above her head. "Answer me," he demanded.

Tara sighed. "Max, do you really want to know my boring sexual history?"

"I want to know everything about you," he answered.

"Fine," she said. "I had one almost-sexual encounter when I was in college. It wasn't what everyone said it would be like so it never got to the point where I was willing to actually have the sexual act. It wasn't awful but nothing spectacular." She didn't mention how she'd cried afterwards in frustration and humiliation. Or how the man had become furious when she wouldn't "put out" as he'd so quaintly put it that awful night, leaving her to dress and slip out of the door by herself. And she was definitely not going to mention how he never spoke to her again after that one night. Had in fact purposely ignored her in class the following week.

Max could read between the lines and knew that it had been a much more disappointing experience than she was willing to admit to him. "You didn't have sex with him, did you?"

Tara tried to get her hands out of his grip but he wouldn't let them go until he had all of his answers. "No," she finally answered when she couldn't break free. "Are you happy now?" she said and moved her body against his again, trying to distract him. "Why don't we move on to more interesting subjects?" she suggested.

Max shook his head. "Why didn't you try with someone else?"

"Because no one else interested me."

"Until now," he said.

She didn't want to increase his already huge ego, but there was no other answer to give him. "Yes. Until now. Are you satisfied?"

Max smiled down at her angry expression. He released her hands, letting his finger slide down her body to reach his intended destination, one finger circling her nipple. "Not really. But I think you can do something about that," he said and pulled her up into his arms, taking one breast in his mouth. He slowly lowered her down, right onto his erection. Leaning her against the wall, he made love to her standing up. The sensations were incredible with the cold stone on her back and the heat of his body in front. Tara screamed, wishing she could hold back just a little but nothing but complete surrender would satisfy him.

Once their bodies came down from the intense release, Max helped her wash her hair. He was incredibly gentle and sweet and Tara wanted to tell him to stop being so wonderful. But she knew it was already too late. She was completely, hopelessly in love with him.

She wasn't sure what she had been thinking when she told herself she wouldn't fall in love with him. How could any woman know the man's intelligence, complete dedication to the people he would eventually rule as well as the amazing lover and not fall in love with him? She'd been crazy to even try.

An hour later, Tara sipped coffee across the table from him. Both had a section of the newspaper and he was flipping through the sections, seemingly skimming the articles instead of just reading them. But Tara knew he was reading almost every word and absorbing all the details. He even read the opinions articles, smiling at some, shaking his head at others.

She wanted to know what he was reading, but was equally happy just watching him inconspicuously. She read a few articles, but her body was just too relaxed to do much more than skim the main ones. Spring was in the air and she was enjoying the late morning sunshine too much. Not to mention having been satisfied by Max's incredible lovemaking so many times she couldn't count the number of times she'd reached fulfillment.

Max closed his section of the newspaper and folded it up. "What do you want to do today?" he asked, draining the last of his cup of coffee.

"Do?" she asked, completely caught off guard. She'd planned on finishing her cleaning but didn't think he would want to join in that endeavor. Spending the day with him hadn't even been considered.

"Yes. Do. What do you want to do?"

"With you?"

"Yes. I'm not the love em and leave em type," he joked.

Tara had to swallow quickly or choke on her coffee. "Yes, you are."

Max leaned forward and took a bite of her forgotten croissant. "Not with you. I want to spend the day with you," he said. "Unless you have other plans."

"No. But you never spend Sunday with your female acquaintances."

"Stop telling me what I do with previous women I've seen." He was actually irritated by her in depth knowledge of his activities. "How do you know so much?" he said and pulled her onto his lap, taking another bite out of her croissant.

Tara smiled and wrapped her arms around his shoulder. She was only wearing one of his huge shirts but the tails reached down to her knees while the sleeves were rolled up about six times so her hands could reach the end. "You tell me. At least you used to. All that stopped about six months ago."

"I told you what I did with my dates?" he asked, not liking the way that sounded.

Tara laughed at his confused expression. "Not in so many words. But your dates are on my calendar. And I'd ask you how they went with your various ladies and you're comments were usually lackluster. And when we'd talk about our weekends, you never mentioned spending the day with one of your lady loves. Until six months ago, as I mentioned."

"I know. That's when I noticed your legs when you were bending over to file something," he said, smiling wolfishly and unrepentantly. "Very distracting, by the way," he said and took another bite.

Tara's mouth dropped open. "Filing? You're looking at my legs when I file?" she asked and pulled her croissant away so he couldn't devour it.

"Absolutely."

"And this started six months ago?"

He shook his head and leered, his eyes moving down to her legs and since his hands were free of her breakfast, they smoothed down the long length of her right leg. "No. It actually started about two years ago. Six months ago was when I stopped fighting the desire to watch."

Tara laughed at his unrepentant expression. "So much for separation in the work place," she said.

"You haven't answered my question," he said.

Tara looked around. "I have no idea what a prince does on his time off if he's not wooing another damsel."

He pinched her bottom. "You'll pay for that," he said, then rubbed the spot he'd just pinched. "Do you ride?" he asked.

Tara looked horrified. "Horses? Good heavens, no."

"Why not?"

She gave him the last of her croissant then wrapped her other arm around his shoulders, hoping he wasn't trying to convince her to go horseback riding. "Because they are huge, unmechanical animals that don't have an ignition switch or a break that I can automatically push."

Max threw back his head and laughed. "Well, you're right there," he said when his laughter had subsided. "Want to learn?"

"No." There was no way she wanted to learn to ride the animals. She loved watching them run and frolic when they were in the palace pastures or racing in the horse races Cordova sponsored each year, but she didn't want to actually ride one herself.

"Why not?"

"Because they are huge, unmechanical animals that don't have an ignition switch or a brake that I can automatically push," she repeated.

He laughed again. "Very true. You know you're going to have to learn," he said.

She reached for her cup of coffee as she replied, "No I'm not. I'm perfectly happy getting from point A to point B with a car. If God had wanted us to abuse the poor animals by riding them all the time, he never would have allowed us to think up the combustion engine." She took a long sip of coffee, savoring the incredible taste of the perfect coffee.

Max smiled. "I can see that this is going to be an issue. Because I love riding. How about if I take you down to the stables and introduce you to my horse. And possibly a very gentle mare that you could get to know, and maybe ride eventually."

Tara didn't like the sound of that. "No thank you."

Max laughed at her adamant expression. But she should know him enough by now to understand that he wasn't going to give in on this issue. He had a suspicion that she would really like riding if she just gave it a chance. "If I promise that you won't get hurt, will you trust me?"

He looked so sincere, Tara eyed him suspiciously. "I'm not sure."

Max smiled broadly, impressed that she was willing to challenge him so easily. It gave him hope for their future, which he knew she was going to fight him on as well. But he would win on that issue also, he knew. "Well, that wasn't a no, so I'm taking it for concurrence. You brought jeans, correct?"

"Yes, but not to go riding today," she said, instantly wary and starting to wiggle off his lap.

"Trust me," he repeated and stood up, setting her on her feet.

Since he took her hand in his, Tara followed him reluctantly back into the bedroom. She pulled on her jeans and sweater that she'd worn the previous day to the palace, feeling unprepared for their afternoon adventure.

Once they were dressed, Max wearing a similar pair of jeans and a sweater instead of his normal riding clothes, they headed out of the relative privacy of his personal apartment. She wasn't sure why but he headed first to the kitchens instead of outside. But when he walked right over to the refrigerator, she started to understand. He handed her an apple and a carrot, then stuck several sugar cubes into her pocket.

"Bribes," he said and winked at her. His statement didn't help her figure out what he was about but she knew from reading that horses liked apples, carrots and sugar so she guessed that they were for the horses but as bribes? What was a bribe for?

They walked down to the stables and he introduced her to his horse. It was a massive black stallion with black eyes. The large beast snickered and nudged Tara as soon as she approached, then ignored her in favor of his master. "Give him the carrot and he'll be your friend for life," Max explained, petting the animal's flanks and encouraging Tara to make friends with him.

Tara held out her hand and offered the horse the carrot with the ends of her fingertips.

Max chuckled at her terrified expression. "Don't worry. This is Zeus and he loves carrots," he explained and moved her closer to the animal. He took her empty hand and showed her how to pet the animal's neck and nose.

Tara was amazed at how gentle the enormous animal was. He snorted several times but it was more to gain another pat from Max rather than an angry snort. "Wow! She's very soft," Tara said, moving an inch closer on her own when the large beast didn't even move.

"You're about to lose whatever progress you've made by offering the carrot with those words," Max said. "This is a male."

She looked up and saw his arrogant expression as he soothed the animal's feelings at being called 'she'. It was amusing to see two large animals dancing around the testosterone issue. "Ah," Tara laughed. "I'm sure he's just as sensitive as other males when their masculinity is in question, huh?"

"Absolutely," Max said, nodding for emphasis.

"Why is that, do you suppose?" she asked, turning to face Max and challenging him.

Max looked down at her pert face and almost laughed. "I suppose it has something to do with survival of the fittest. The more masculine, the more it is perceived that the man will have the stamina to reproduce. We are hard wired to make sure all the women around us know that we are fully capable of taking care of them."

"So you're advertising?"

Max considered that for a long moment. "I guess so," he stated. "Do you agree that I have the stamina?" he asked, turning from the horse and leaning down to kiss her lips.

"Oh, yes," she said breathlessly, her hands going to his shoulders, encouraging him to continue. She didn't even remember that they were in the palace stables and anyone could come upon them. "I seem to remember a great deal of stamina last night."

Max chuckled. "Good," he said, his hand slipping underneath her sweater to touch her skin, moving upwards to cup her breast. "Did the advertising live up to expectations?"

"Exceeded them!" she cried out as his thumb found her nipple through the lace of her bra. "Definitely exceeded them."

"Good," he said, his teeth nipping at her ear lobe. "Because I intend to show you again and again."

"When?" She was hoping it would be immediately and her body moved against his, feeling the pressure from his body against her stomach that indicated that he was just as turned on as she was.

"Just as soon as you learn to ride a horse," he chuckled and stepped back from her.

Tara grimaced. "I thought I was getting out of that," she said.

"Ready to meet your horse?" he asked.

"No. I'm fine just watching," she said and reached up to touch the horse's nose again. Zeus nuzzled Tara's hand, asking for more affection when she stopped.

"See? He likes you."

"He's very nice," Tara said, emphasizing the male pronoun.

"Come over here," he said and took her hand to lead her down a few more stalls.

"This is Lady," Max said and reached in to pet a smaller brown mare with sweet, gentle eyes that looked at Tara curiously. "I think you two will get along very well," he said. "How about if you give her the apple?"

Tara held out her hand to the sweet looking horse with soft, brown eyes. The mare nuzzled her hand and took a small nibble of the apple, then once she realized what it was, she took a larger bite, eating half the apple in one swallow. "Wow! You're a sweety," she said and laughed as the horse nuzzled her hand for more.

Tara gasped when Lady's mouth moved down her side and tried to nibble on her jacket. "Um, Max? What do I do now?" she said, trying to remain calm.

Max smiled and moved closer. "Give her the sugar cubes that you have hidden in your pocket. She knows they are there and you'll have a friend for life," he explained and held the horse's mouth away long enough for Tara to retrieve the sugar cubes.

"What do I do with them now?" she asked, holding her hand away from the horse's mouth.

Max raised one eyebrow in amusement. "You give them to her."

"That mouth has teeth," Tara said, nervously backing up another step. "I saw them eat the apple so you can't tell me otherwise."

"Of course she has teeth but she won't bite you, I promise. She loves sugar and will only lick them off your hand. It will tickle."

Tara eyed him suspiciously.

When she continued to hesitate, he laughed gently and pulled her hand with the offering closer to the horse. "Go ahead. Have I ever steered you wrong?"

Tara considered his question carefully. "Actually, I remember you asking me to take notes in a meeting of environmentalists about two months after I started working for you. You told me it would be a piece of cake and then you walked away. If I recall the meeting correctly, they almost tore each other apart trying to get their own points across to me. So in answer to your question, yes. You've steered me wrong. Would you like me to come up with other examples?"

Max shrugged that episode off. "I believe you handled that one very well, and it was an isolated incident so you probably can't come up with any others. Besides, if I remember correctly, somehow, in the case you mentioned, you crafted legislation that made everyone happy, so what was the harm?"

"Isolated incident, huh? What about the time you told me to call Lord Dibbons about his project? You told me it would be a brief call just to touch base with him on a minor issue. He had me on the phone for an hour. Didn't you say that the phone call would be quick and easy? I was trying to head out to lunch that afternoon with a friend."

Amazingly, a sheepish grin stole onto Max's face with that example. "Okay, I'll admit to lying about that one. But I'll excuse myself because I knew you were going out with some guy named Bobby."

Her mouth dropped open with his admission. "Bobby is a female friend," she said, emphasizing the gender.

Max smiled unrepentantly. "How was I to know? You almost never go out to lunch and I thought it was some guy."

Tara's mouth fell open in shock at his admission. "You were jealous?"

"Absolutely."

Tara watched him pat the flanks of the brown horse affectionately. "That was over a year ago."

"What does the time frame have to do with anything? It doesn't alter the fact that you were about to go out with someone named Bobby and I didn't like it. Are you going to give that sugar to Lady? She's been eyeing it this whole time. Trust me, it will definitely help her disposition. She's not ornery or anything but definitely has a sweet tooth."

Tara glanced over at the sweet looking horse and relented despite his record of lying to her in the past. As she reached out her hand, she said, "So basically, what you're telling me is that you've been manipulating me for the past two years. Is that right?"

"I'll admit only to going nuts trying to get you to think of me as more than just your employer in the only means I could think of at various points in our working relationship."

"No problem there," she muttered but she wasn't going to admit that the horse named 'Lady' was definitely a sweet and gentle animal and her tongue did tickle Tara's palm as the horse licked the sugar crystals off.

"What was that?" he asked, moving closer to her and wrapping an arm around her waist.

Tara hesitated for a moment, enjoying the feeling of having his arms wrapped around her. "I said, there was never a problem with me knowing you were a man."

"Well, you never showed any interest in me at all," he grimaced. "Until last week, that is. Ready for your first lesson in riding?"

"No, thank you," she said and petted Lady's neck some more.

"Sure you are," he countered. "You can ride with me this time." Max patted Lady again, then took Tara's hand and led her back to Zeus's stall.

Tara immediately stepped back, still wary of the black horse that was about four feet taller than the gentle brown one. "Max, there is no way you're getting me onto that horse."

Max didn't respond. He simply led the horse out of the stall and saddled him. Tara watched as Max worked, enjoying the play of muscles along his shoulders, reveling in the strength of the man.

Now that she had admitted she was in love with him, there was a little sadness knowing she would have to find a new job but there was also freedom in her admission. She realized that she'd been in love with him for a long time now. Tara wasn't sure when she'd actually fallen over the cliff from just fascination and admiration and into the madly in love category, but it felt good, at least for the moment.

She had been with him for long enough to know that she had at least a couple of weeks with him. He generally stayed with a woman for three or four weeks before another one caught his eye. It wasn't that he was fickle so much as the fact that he just enjoyed women and they threw themselves at him so often, he had no reason to settle down. Why would a man settle for one appetizer when he could have the buffet? Tara didn't like the analogy but considered it apt in his case. The man was just too gorgeous for women to ignore him. Add his power and charm and he truly was irresistible.

"Ready?" he called out to her. She was leaning against a fence watching him saddle the horse. But when she looked up, he was already sitting on top of Zeus, staring down at her with a strange look in his eye.

"Ready for what?" she asked warily. Tara didn't like the arrogant look in his eyes. Not at all. She took a step backwards, intending to stay out of his reach. It would be just like him to charm her into getting onto the horse. "I'm heading back to the palace. Thank you for introducing me to the horses. Enjoy your ride and I'll see you when you are through."

"Tara," he said, his voice full of authority. But Tara didn't stop her backwards movement. She knew him too well. "You're not going anywhere except up onto this horse for your first ride," he explained.

She raised her hands up in front of him as if to ward off his approach. "Nope. Not going to happen, Your Highness," she laughed and started walking back to the palace. "I'll see you later," she said, walking along the pathway.

He only gave her enough time to clear the fence line before he scooped her up into his arms, settling her in front of him on Zeus's back. "You'll love the ride," he said and pulled her bottom more firmly onto his lap. "Swing your leg over or you'll fall off," he ordered.

"Max, please let me down. I don't know how to do this," she said, her hands clenching at his muscular forearm. "What if he bolts? What do I do?" she demanded.

"First of all, swing your leg over him so you are riding astride. That will make him feel more balanced," he explained. "I've got you so you don't need to worry about falling."

Tara did exactly as she was told, too terrified to do anything else. She swung her leg over the horse's head carefully, not wanting to spook the animal in any way. Thankfully, Zeus just flicked his ears and waited patiently for his command.

"Good," Max said into her ear. "Now, just relax a little and lean against me. You're going to have to trust me in order to enjoy the ride."

"Max, please let me down," she begged, still staring at the horse's ears in case they showed some sort of irritation, not relaxing her death grip on his arm no matter how softly he coaxed her.

"Relax," he said softly into her ear. "And trust me," he admonished. "I promise nothing will hurt you. Just look up from the horse's head and look around you."

Tara did as she was instructed and the view from on top of the horse was great. It wasn't like being on a skyscraper but it was nice to be this high up while the horse moved along the stable fences, heading toward the unknown.

Within moments, they were cantering down the pathway away from the palace and into the woods. The silence of the woods hit her suddenly. All she could hear was the horse's hooves as he walked quickly down the path. Then the asphalt gave way to just a dirt pathway and the muted steps of the horse allowed her to hear the birds singing and smaller creatures scuttling away as they heard the slight noise.

Eventually, she relaxed and let her body move with the horse's walking and she started to enjoy the soft sway of the horse as it picked its way through the trees.

After fifteen minutes, Max leaned down to her ear. "I told you you'd like it," he said.

Tara ignored him and held onto the saddle horn but she really did like the ride. It was different on top of a horse than it was walking. The ride was actually relaxing.

They rode for about a half hour before Max turned the horse around and they sped up on the ride back. Once they were back in the stables, he helped her to the ground. "That was wonderful," she said shyly.

Max leaned down and kissed her gently. "I'm glad you enjoyed it. Maybe next time I order you to try something new you'll just follow my instructions blindly," he teased.

"Fat chance," she mumbled, only to receive a smack on her bottom. Tara chuckled but moved away from his long reach.

He showed her how to rub down and then brush the horse's shining coat, then she fed Zeus a bucket full of oats, visited with Lady one more time, then they headed back to the palace, holding hands and just listening to the birds sing.

If she'd ever imagined a day with Max, she never would have considered it to be a relaxing period. He was just too high energy in the office, too commanding and demanding of his staff and the other government officials who worked throughout the palace.

But the reality of Max was different than she assumed. The afternoon turned out to be a lazy day. After their ride through the woods, Tara wanted to head home but he insisted that she watch a movie with him, then they shared lunch in his suite. After lunch, he took her in his arms and carried her back to his bedroom where they made love all afternoon, listening to a thunderstorm that had moved into the area.

After dinner on the terrace Sunday night, Tara had insisted on going back to her house to sleep. Max argued, telling her that he would have someone go to her house and pick up clothes for her so she could spend the night with him but Tara was horrified at that idea. First of all, she explained to him, she didn't want someone going through her clothes. It seemed too invasive.

The second part she didn't explain to him but it came down to needing to keep her relationship with him a secret for as long as possible. She didn't want anyone to know that she was having an affair with Max so she left him, heading back to her house. But she didn't sleep well that night. She kept wondering what it would be like to wake up every morning in Max's arms, knowing he was hers and hers alone. Around two o'clock in the morning, she punched her pillow and told herself to forget those silly kinds of dreams. Max was the crown prince and would never be able to settle down with a commoner for his queen. And Tara would never be satisfied being his mistress for the rest of her life while someone else played the official wifely role. She kept coming back to the idea that she'd just have to accept whatever Max was willing to offer her when it came to their relationship. When it was over, she'd have to walk away with her head held high and with the fond memories their time together would give her.

Thankfully, Monday went by quickly with meetings back to back. Tara barely saw Max all day since he was conferring with various people and the King. She reviewed contracts and budgets, making sure that the costs hitting the various projects were accurate and approving several invoices for payment. By six o'clock, she was staring at her computer and could barely read the words anymore. She had worked hard with the hope of seeing Max that night and wanted to get as much cleared off her desk as possible. She should feel exhausted, but she actually felt rejuvenated.

When Max walked in five minutes later, she tried to avoid eye contact with him. But he was having none of that. He reached around her and shut down her computer, then grabbed her hand and led her down the hallway. He didn't say a word to her until they reached his suite of rooms, then he pulled her inside the doorway, barely closing the door behind them before taking her into his arms.

"I've wanted to do this all day," he said, kissing her neck and then taking her breath away with a passionate kiss.

"Me too," she said, gasping as she felt his warm hands on her bare skin.

"You drive me crazy in these business suits," he laughed, unbuttoning her jacket and tossing it over a chair. He then bent down and tossed her over his shoulder.

Tara laughed, holding onto his back for balance as her hair fell out of its pins and covered her face. "Max! What are you doing?" she said between gasps of breath and laughter.

"I'm feeling like a caveman," he growled, tossing her onto his large bed. "I hope you aren't hungry yet because you're going to have to wait a while before I feed you," and he unbuttoned her shirt to reveal her sexy bra underneath, his eyes lighting up when he realized what she'd been wearing all day. "Do you always wear these little nothings under your suits?" he asked, his voice husky and his finger traced the edge of the fabric sensuously. The lace of her bra barely covered her nipples that were already taught, the edges peeking over the tops.

Tara couldn't think very well when he was touching her and staring at her in that way. "No," she said, her breath coming in gasps. "Only when I'm hoping you'll do this after work," she explained, reaching for his shirt to undo the buttons. "I will be from now on though."

Max groaned and helped her with his shirt, tearing off the fabric when the buttons became too difficult for her unsteady hands. They made love passionately that night, neither one wanting to hold back as they explored each other's bodies, reveling in the sensations that were becoming familiar, yet still different each time they touched.

When their sexual appetites were finally appeased, Max called the kitchens and had some food sent over. There was delicious fish and steamed asparagus and they ate curled up on the couch, each of them telling the other about their day since they hadn't seen each other for most of it. Max growled his frustration when she told him she'd have to leave that night. No amount of arguments would stop her though. Finally, around midnight, he walked her to her car, kissing her with all the lingering passion, showing her what she would be missing by going home instead of staying here with him through the night.

The rest of the week was much the same. By Thursday, Tara surprised Max by arriving with a change of clothes stored in her trunk. Wednesday, she'd been too exhausted to drive home but insisted that she not spend the night with him. He'd relented only when she agreed to let him drive her home in the limousine. It was already midnight and he didn't want her driving home at that time of night when she was so obviously exhausted. She told him that it was his fault since she'd been spending her evenings here with him and still getting up early to get to the office. She was afraid that any perceived slacking off would be misinterpreted by the others who worked in the office with them.

The weekend was just as relaxing and spectacular as the previous weekend. Max escorted her to a charity ball helping to raise funds for a new museum on Saturday night and Sunday was spent at a brunch with the family since his sister Ana was in town with her children. Tara got to see Max play with his nieces and nephews and was amazed at how relaxed he seemed around the small children.

Monday was a harsh surprise for her but she tried to get back into the previous week's pattern. She didn't want to spend every night with Max. Tara didn't want to become addicted to something she knew she wouldn't be allowed to have for the rest of her life. When she told him she was going home after work on Tuesday night, no amount of arguing with her would convince her to stay. She just shoved more work into her bag and ignored his arguments. In the end, he gave in because she looked exhausted and knew he would keep her up until midnight again if she stayed. But he refused to let her bring a bag of work home with her. He said if she was going home, she needed to catch up on her sleep and prepare herself for the following night when he wouldn't take no for an answer.

Wednesday, Tara answered the phone in her usual professional way, still preoccupied with a project that had to be reviewed before an afternoon meeting. She was surprised to hear the gracious voice at the other end of the phone. It was Max's mother. Not her secretary but the woman herself calling. "Tara, how are you lately?"

Tara was flustered to have received a call from the queen personally. For a moment, she almost stood up to curtsy but then remembered that the queen wouldn't be able to see her. It would definitely look silly to anyone passing through the office. "I'm fine, Your Majesty. How can I help you?' she said, taking her pen and prepared to take notes on whatever the queen might ask of her now.

The queen didn't beat around the bush but came right to the point. "I need two things. First, I was hoping to have lunch with you again. Would you be available on Friday?" she asked.

Tara didn't even refer to her calendar. "Of course, your majesty. What time?" she said, knowing she would cancel anything that might be already scheduled.

"How about noon? Will that work for you?" she asked.

"Perfectly," Tara responded instantly. "What was the other item?"

"Please ask Max to come see me at his earliest opportunity," Queen Natasha said into the phone. "I would ask him myself but I haven't been able to catch him lately. He's been rather busy lately. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"

Tara thought she heard a teasing note to the queen's voice but dismissed the possibility. The queen didn't seem like the type to be teasing, especially to her son's secretary. "Absolutely, Your Highness. I'll have him contact you immediately. I know he has been tied up in many meetings lately but I'll be happy to set up a meeting with him if you'd prefer," she said. "Anything else?"

"A meeting isn't necessary. I was just hoping...well, I was just being silly," she said airily. "Nothing else at the moment, that will be all. I look forward to Friday, dear," she said and rung off.

Max strolled into the office at that moment. "What's going on?" he asked, noting the strained look on her face.

Her hands were shaking as she hung up the phone and looked into his handsome, concerned eyes. "Your mother wants you to call her immediately," she said, not able to keep the sadness out of her voice.

Max was instantly alert that something was wrong. Tara's face looked white and her eyes were troubled. "What's the problem?" he asked, apparently unconcerned with the idea of his mother wanting to talk to him urgently. "Did she say something to hurt your feelings? What did she want?"

"I don't know but I'm guessing it isn't good," she said and almost fell into her seat. Tara handed him the file that contained the notes for his next meeting, neatly typed up and organized the way he liked it.

"My mother only does good things. Don't worry about her phone call."

"She asked me why she hadn't seen you lately."

Max had started reading the file she'd handed him but at her comment, he looked back up at her, his eyes narrowing. "I think you should come into my office," he said and walked away, knowing she would instantly follow him.

Tara picked up her notebook and followed him, sitting down in the chair on the opposite side of his desk. Max frowned and closed the door before walking back to stand in front of her. "Okay, tell me what's going on inside that pretty brain of yours," he said, pulling her up so she was standing between his legs. His hands held onto her waist and he looked into her eyes, patiently waiting for her to explain her apprehension.

"Max, it really isn't anything. Shouldn't you call your mother?"

"Later. I'm more concerned with why you are upset."

Tara took a deep breath. "I'm not upset," she replied, pasting a bright smile on her face.

Max didn't smile back. "You're lying to me. Why?"

Tara dropped the pretense. Taking another deep breath, she looked out the window behind him. "I know what you're mother wants to talk to me about and I'm not looking forward to the conversation."

Max didn't answer for a moment. He knew exactly what his mother was hoping to discuss. She was desperate to find out if Max had proposed already. Unfortunately, Tara didn't look too thrilled at the idea. "I think I understand as well. Why would it bother you so much?" he asked.

Tara shrugged. "I just don't want it to happen yet. I know it is inevitable, but I was hoping to last longer than the others," she said and a tear slipped out of her eye. She wiped it away quickly.

That definitely wasn't the answer he'd been bracing for. He had started to think she wasn't as emotionally involved as he'd suspected. Had he been mis-communicating his intentions all along and she was just now trying to figure out how to get out of their relationship. Things just weren't making sense. Max shook his head. "I think we're talking about two different things," he said. "Maybe you should explain exactly what you think my mother wants to discuss with you."

Tara stepped back, grateful that he released her. "She's going to talk to me about your duties as the crown prince," she said, crossing her arms over her chest.

"And?"

Tara shook her head. "Max, you have obligations. And I'm getting in the way. I know your parents want you to get married and have children. It is your duty to produce the next king of Cordova. I'm definitely not helping the situation, am I?"

Max chuckled. "On the contrary. I think you're exactly what my obligations need."

Tara turned her back on him so he couldn't see the tears that threatened to overwhelm her. "Max, we should stop this," she said. '

The laughter instantly died. He didn't like the sound of that statement. "Stop what?"

Tara crossed her arms over her chest as if that would protect her from the pain she was about to endure when they broke things off. Taking a deep breath, she answered his question. "Sneaking around. There's bound to be speculation sooner or later. And that might be embarrassing for you and your family."

The phone rang and someone knocked on Max's door at the same time. He sighed deeply as he stood up. "Let's continue this conversation tonight, okay? I've had something I need to talk to you about and I'm hoping you'll keep an open mind about things. Will you at least promise me that?" he asked, looking deeply into her eyes.

Tara watched him for a long moment, ignoring the person outside his office and the phone ringing again. "Yes," she said, wishing she didn't already have suspicions on what he was going to ask her.

Tara walked back to her desk and sat down. It was over. She knew it. Tonight he'd ask her if they could remain friends. The office seemed to pick up pace that afternoon for which she was grateful. It helped keep her mind off her almost-over relationship with Max.

Late that afternoon, Max was summoned by his father. The message was phrased in the-don't-try-and-get-out-of-it way his father had whenever he was trying to get some information. Max walked down the hallway to his father's office, feeling frustration that he couldn't pull Tara aside and formalize his proposal. And why was she so worried about his mother's phone call? Her words of explanation just didn't make sense in his mind.

As soon as he stepped into his father's domain, he was instantly waved into the inner office.

King Stephan looked at his son striding across the wide office and stood up. "Max, what's going on with your assistant?" he asked without preamble. "And don't sugar coat it, boy. I want the truth."

"I want to marry her," Max said, sitting down across from his father.

"Good!" the king said instantly. "About time!" he grumbled. "Glad you're admitting your feelings. I was starting to wonder if you actually knew what was going on. Some people tend to be obtuse about the subject. You're not an idiot, thankfully."

Max laughed at his father's indignant expression. "Were you hoping to have to order me to marry Tara?"

King Stephan smiled ruefully. "Perhaps. If you were going to be slow about it. I've never heard of you acting like this with a woman so naturally, I was assuming..." The king sort of waved his hands in the air as if that ended the statement and added all the necessary explanations as well.

He didn't have to finish since Max understood what his father was saying, and not saying. "Don't worry, father. I'm more than ready to settle down with her."

The king nodded his head and his mouth relaxed into a smile. "Well, that's the good news. The bad news is that you need to get security on her and her family immediately."

Max leaned forward. "What's going on?" He was instantly alert and worried. Just the thought of something happening to Tara made his blood run cold. He also knew how close she was to her mother so nothing could hurt her as well since it would in turn hurt Tara.

"Nothing at the moment," the king reassured his son. "But I'd like to keep it that way. There are rumors going around and the press is starting to speculate on what is going on. They don't have her name but know you've spent the past few weeks with her. You know eventually they'll figure out something and will report on it, even if it's their silly speculations."

"I haven't seen anything in the papers," Max countered, concerned with Tara's family and her safety.

"Like I said, there are only suspicions that you're seeing someone new. They don't know that it's serious. Not yet. But Sam's seen increased traffic from his sources. They know something is up. And they won't stop digging until they figure it out. You've been out of circulation completely for several weeks now. It is only whetting their appetites, being denied pictures of you around another society chit."

Max stood up and walked around the room, feeling like a caged animal. "She'll have to move into the palace immediately," he said.

The king nodded in complete agreement. "I know. I was hoping you'd realize that."

Max ran his hands through his hair. He'd had enough trouble just getting her to spend the night with him. She loved her independence and he hated having to ask her to give it up. But he wasn't going to let her go. "She won't like it." He'll just have to show her that there are things that would compensate her for her loss of freedom and anonymity.

"Why not?" the king asked, not understanding why anyone wouldn't want to live inside the palace. After all, his son was there, he thought from a parent's biased opinion. Why would anyone turn down him?

Max smiled ruefully. "Because she thinks she's not queen material."

"Nonsense. She's beautiful and intelligent from what my sources say. I've met the girl and instantly liked her although I spent less than thirty seconds with her," he said ruefully. "Your mother didn't like me intruding."

Max smiled. "Mother does rule the family with an iron fist, doesn't she?" He considered other aspects of the situation. "She will balk, father," he said tightly.

King Stephan watched his son wrestle with the issue. "So change her mind," he said simply.

Max thought about it for another long moment. When he turned to face his father, he wore a determined expression. "I will," he said.

King Stephen smiled broadly. "Good." Without a pause, he asked, "When will I get my next grandchild?"

Max laughed at his father's stern expression. "Soon, I hope," he said and left his father's office to head back to his own.

It was almost seven o'clock when Max walked out of his office and leaned against the wall, watching Tara type something on the computer. She looked tired, he thought.

"Are you almost ready to stop?" he asked gently.

Tara looked up, her eyes turning sad when she took in his casual stance.

"Yes," she said and quickly shut down her computer. She felt like she was heading for a death sentence she knew.

Pulling her purse over her shoulder, she followed him down the hallway, her car keys in her hand in preparation for leaving for the night right after he told her they had to end their short affair.

Max led her to his suite of rooms and closed the door behind them. "I'll be right back," he said and went into his room for something. Coming out, he had his jacket and tie off and he was carrying something in his right hand.

"What are you doing?" she asked, worried about their earlier conversation.

"Come over here," he said and took her hand to pull her toward the sofa.

Tara pulled back and tried to free her hand. "Max, why don't you just say what you need to say and I'll be out of your hair. There's no need for an elaborate discussion."

Max was confused for a long moment but then her words hit him and he understood. "Why in the world would you think I want you out of my hair?" he asked, walking up to her and putting his hands on her waist. He bent down to gently kiss her lips before lifting his head again. "Will you at least listen to what I have to say?"

Tara sighed, wishing this moment could last. She'd still be in his arms, she'd feel the tenderness of his kiss still lingering on her lips and she wouldn't have the devastation of losing the man she knew she'd never fall out of love with. "Max, please don't draw this out," she pleaded.

Max chuckled. He could see the anxiety in her pretty blue eyes. "Okay. If this is what you want," he said.

"Yes. Just quickly," she said, closing her eyes.

Max took the diamond ring out of the case that had held his grandmother's engagement ring since her death ten years ago. "Tara Michaels, will you do me the honor of marrying me?" he asked, slipping the ring gently onto her finger, then holding her hand in his.

Tara's eyes opened slowly. She felt the cold metal on her skin and gasped, looking into Max's eyes, then down at her hand. As soon as she saw the diamond, she gasped again, this time louder and her back knocked against the soft cushions behind her. "What?" she asked, completely confused.

"Will you marry me?"

"Marry you?" she repeated.

"Yes. Simple question, Tara. I was hoping it would be a simple answer," he laughed, bending down to kiss her cheek since her mouth was still hanging open in shock.

The tears started as soon as she felt his mouth on hers. Immediately her arms wrapped around his neck and he lifted her into his arms. "I'm taking this as a yes," he said and carried her off to his room. Laying her on the bed, he quickly took off his clothes, then divested her of her own clothes. "I love you," she gasped, as soon as his body joined hers.

Chapter 8

Tara sat in the darkened sitting room in Max's discarded shirt, staring out into the night sky lit up by the full moon. Her finger twisted the gorgeous diamond ring on her finger, wondering how she was going to give it up. The tears were falling down her face and she wished that the dream would come true.

"What are you doing out here?" Max demanded, striding into the room. In one swift movement, he picked her up and carried her back to bed. Once she was settled, he pulled her into his arms and fell asleep again. Tara didn't mind. She wanted these last few hours to be with him.

Why in the world had he asked her to marry him? Had he talked with his family first? She knew that both his sisters had had arranged marriages to men who were hand-picked by Max's mother and father. Obviously they hadn't done the same for their son but the women Queen Natasha arranged for Max to escort were the creme de la creme of European society. What would the king and queen do when they realized that Max had proposed to her? A nobody?

Tara knew the answer to that. It was the reason the queen had asked her to have lunch in three days. Tara sighed and accepted that perhaps Max had acted precipitously.

Or had he? Had Max ever done anything in the past two years without thinking it through carefully? Tara's heart soared at the possibility of actually marrying Max and having his children. Being with him for the rest of her life.

By morning, Tara was still going back and forth between the highs of hoping he had really meant the proposal and everything would work out wonderfully, and the low of trying to understand how he could pick her out of all the beautiful and intelligent women he'd known over his lifetime.

By dawn, Tara was tired of trying to figure things out. She slipped out of bed and pulled on her clothes as quietly as she could. The last thing she did was put the ring back in the box, then left the box on the bedside table where he was sure to see it when he woke up.

Tara walked through the still silent hallways of the palace, wishing she could just slip away unnoticed to her car. But she knew that there were security cameras watching her at every turn in the palace, even noting when she got into her car and drove away. She hoped the security team didn't gossip. Otherwise, the whole palace will know that she left Max's apartments in the pre-dawn hours.

Getting home was depressing since she was still exhausted and all she had time to do was shower and change into fresh clothes before turning around and heading back to the office. Once there, it was as if a bomb had exploded and work was just piling up. Maybe it was because she was so tired or maybe it was a bad day. But she just couldn't focus on anything.

It was worse when Max walked in at eight o'clock. He strode past her desk with barely a look and snapped, "In my office," to her. The assistant who had been standing at her desk skulked away, terrified of Max in this kind of a mood.

Tara calmly took her pen and notebook and walked into his office. She was just about to sit down when he snapped, "Close the door," to her. From the minute she'd walked into his office, he'd kept his head bent as he read through a file. But the moment the door closed, he looked up, his steely grey eyes pinning her to the spot. "Why did you slip away this morning and what's the meaning of giving me back the ring?" he demanded.

Tara stared at him, wondering how she was going to get through this confrontation. She supposed it was best just to spell it out as quickly as possible and lay it all out on the table. No more guessing, no more miscommunications. She wanted to be very sure that she understood everything.

"I gave it back just in case you'd asked me in error."

"Error! What the hell kind of man do you think I am?" he asked. "I don't just ask random women to marry me," he said. He didn't raise his voice. He was in fact deadly calm. Too calm. He was livid.

"Max," she started out, her palms raised in an effort to get him to see common sense, "Are you sure you're parents would approve of you asking someone like me to marry you? Have you really thought about this? I mean...marrying someone like me..."

"Someone like you?" he interrupted her. "And why in the hell would I ask my parents when I finally find someone to share my life with? What would you like me to ask them, pray tell? And if you felt this way, why didn't you talk to me instead of sneaking out in the middle of the night!"

Tara was too tired to take his temper anymore. She stood up and confronted him, the table the only defense between them. "I didn't sneak out!" she lied. "I simply left to go home and get a change of clothes. And why wouldn't I think you needed to talk to your parents? This is a huge decision."

"And one I'm fully capable of making on my own without my parents' decision making skills!"

"Well why wouldn't you?"

"Because they aren't going to marry you! I am!"

"Not if you're going to be mean about it!" she yelled back.

Max took a deep breath. "So if I stop yelling, will you kindly tell me what the problem is?"

"Not if you're going to stop yelling but still be nasty," she said, crossing her arms over her chest.

Max closed his eyes, obviously striving for patience. After a long moment, he opened them again, but the anger was still burning in his eyes. "Fine. Then please educate me on your reasoning."

Tara was breathing faster, still angry with his tone and fully prepared to give as good as she was getting. "As I explained, I think your parents might have something to say about you marrying someone like me."

"What exactly do you mean by 'someone like you'? It's as if you are trying to say you come from outer space or something."

"Well, in a way, I do."

Max ran a hand through his previously perfectly neat hair. "Tara, if you're going to tell me that you're an alien, I'm going to have you go see a doctor."

Tara turned around, her shoulders drooping slightly. "Not from another planet, just a different world, Max. I'm not from your world. I'm a working girl. I put myself through college. I wasn't brought up like you or the other women you've been escorting to the various functions for the past several years."

She hadn't heard Max move but suddenly his hands were on her arms and turning her around to face him. "Is that what this is all about? You think you're unworthy because you're not from the aristocracy?" he asked, and for the first time since he'd walked into the office, his voice was gentle, his eyes were searching hers for the truth.

"Yes. You need someone who can help you rule Cordova. And I can bet your parents will be horrified that you've proposed to someone like me."

"I thought you told me that my mother had asked you to have lunch with her on Friday," he said.

Tara nodded. "Yes. I'm sure she got wind of what you were going to do."

Max pulled her into his arms and she felt as well as heard the deep chuckle that reverberated within his chest. "Tara, I told my mother that I was serious about you the very first time you met her in the hallway, if you'll remember."

Tara pulled back to look at his face. "What do you mean?"

"Do you remember the day two weeks ago when you met her? She asked me if she was misinterpreting the situation and I told her no."

"Vaguely," Tara replied, still not understanding.

"I was telling her that I was serious about you. She understood and was thrilled with the idea then. And I'm pretty sure she'll be just as thrilled when I tell her that you've agreed to marry me."

"Really?" Tara asked, a small ray of hope building inside her with his words.

"Really. And I spoke to my father yesterday and he demanded that I get the deed done, in not so many words," he laughed, remembering his father's impatience.

"Both of them are okay with you marrying me?" she asked, smiling tentatively.

"Yes. But shouldn't I matter the most? I'm the one that asked you, if you'll remember. And now that I think about it, you never really gave me an answer. I just took it for granted. But no more. I'm asking you one more time. Will you marry me? Irrevocably and forever? Will you marry me, have children with me and help me govern this country at my side?"

Tara's face was already covered with her tears by the time he finished. "Yes!" she replied, throwing her arms around his neck and hugging him. "Yes!" she said again, just because her heart was going to burst with happiness.

"Thank goodness!" he said and pulled her closer. "You can't know how furious I was to find you gone this morning and the ring just sitting there. I was terrified you wouldn't even show up for work." He reached behind him and picked up the phone.

"What are you doing?"

"Telling Jimmy he can relax. I had him on standby when I saw the ring this morning. I was going to go over to your house and drag you back here. But you were just sitting at your desk when I walked in, looking all pretty and sexy. I was ready to explode right then and there." He pulled her closer. "I love you," he said.

Tara hadn't thought that she could get any happier but with his words, it felt like her heart was going to expand to a size too large for her chest. "I love you too!" she said and reached up on her toes to kiss him. He met her halfway, lifting her onto the desk behind them and settling her on top of it so he could kiss her more thoroughly.

