Chapter 1

Isla stormed out of the dining room, furious with her brother for threatening her in that way! How dare he!

Her younger sister Zarah tried to keep up but Isla had righteous anger propelling her forward. "Are you okay?" Zarah asked, her pretty face suffused with concern for her older sister. "He didn't mean it, Isla. You know he's all torn up about Sidra and finding out he's going to be a father so soon." Rashid, their older brother, had been frantically searching for the woman he'd met in England three weeks ago. She'd disappeared and they'd only this morning found out that she was also pregnant from their brief weekend. Needless to say, Rashid wasn't thinking too carefully right at the moment.

Isla stopped, covering her face with both of her hands right there in the middle of the hallway. "I know. I just...." She sniffed and tried to pull herself together. "Of all the things he could threaten, that was pretty mean."

Zarah put her arms around her older sister. At seventeen, Zarah didn't need to worry too much about her future husband but she knew that Isla was anxious about the issue. Isla was eight years older and should have been wed several years ago. Both of them knew the time was coming when she would need to marry, and it might not be to someone she cared for. They both knew that their marriages would be political.

"Give him time, Isla. He's just now found Sidra. He's not thinking clearly."

Isla took a deep breath and tried to regain her perspective on the whole marriage issue. Zarah was right. Their brother would never marry her off to a monster. He cared for both of his sisters and would put their welfare above a political alliance. The idea of Rashid marrying her off to someone like Sheik Hussan El-Hamin was ridiculous. Pulling herself together, she looked around and was embarrassed to have lost control right here in the middle of the main palace hallway where servants and guards were witnessing her outburst.

She shook her hair out, then smoothed it down to make sure that she looked presentable. Her long, black hair fell naturally back into place around her heart shaped face and shoulders. "You're right. He'd never do anything so vile or cruel," she said to Zarah. "Come on, let's go start getting things ready for the wedding. Sidra won't know what hit her when all of this wedding and political stuff starts to fly around her so we need to help her as best we can."

Isla only appeared calm on the outside. Inside, she was still reeling from the threat her brother had issued. Marry her off to that bastard El-Hamin! That's the most disgusting, most horrifying, awful thing Rashid could have said. El-Hamin was a monster! He might have subdued the civil war in his country, but that didn't mean he was worthy of any civilized female company. He was a gross, disgusting man with a dark beard that covered more than half his face and angry, evil eyes. At least that's the way the recent pictures depicted him.

Hussan El-Hamin was an enormous man who ruled the neighboring country of Silaria. It had once been a beautiful, lush country, very prosperous with oil revenues that equaled and sometimes surpassed those of Tasain. But the previous ruler, El-Hamin's uncle, had oppressed the people, destroyed a great deal of the infrastructure and sucked most of the money out of the country with his profligate ways. El-Hamin had left for school and hadn't been allowed back in after his graduation from Stanford University. It had taken more than a decade, but El-Hamin had wrested control from his uncle, then several more years to get rid of the remaining men loyal to him. El-Hamin ruled Silaria with an iron fist and Isla suspected that the nephew wasn't much better than the uncle. No one knew what was happening though, because visitors were no longer allowed inside the borders of the country. Not even reporters so the information was sketchy on the plight of the people.

Isla knew though. She knew firsthand what was happening and she hated the man who ruled so cruelly. At least in the border areas. The people in those villages were struggling, living in abject poverty, their roads still not fixed and many didn't even have running water so they were using whatever streams they could find, some of which were contaminated by now which meant disease could rage through a village, killing off many before medicine could reach them.

Zarah patted Isla's shoulder gently, trying to offer support. "Don't worry about it," she said comfortingly. "He didn't mean it. He'll be better once he's married and all this political and wedding craziness is over with."

Isla wasn't to be reassured. She was still angry, even though she knew that Rashid wouldn't marry her off to a man who was basically no better than a thug. "Just because he found out he's going to be a father and has finally found a woman he's in love with, that doesn't mean he needs to say something so vile, Zarah." Her younger sister was smart and beautiful, but still too young to know the terrifying prospect of being married off to someone. In Isla's world, the threat of marriage was always close, always present. At seventeen, Zarah had several more years before she had to worry about who her brother would choose for her husband. Isla had been terrified of that imminent threat for the past three years. She'd been comforted by the fact that Rashid hadn't chosen a wife yet but even that cushion was now gone. Or would be in a couple of days.

"I know," her sister said soothingly. "He's just mixed up right now. It isn't like him to make threats like that. He was just trying to get us out of the room quickly. You know he wanted to talk with his new fiancee alone."

Isla perked up at that reminder. "Do you think he's really in love with her?" she asked, almost forgetting the thought of her older brother's threat with the reminder that her brother had finally found the woman he'd been searching for. It was an amazingly romantic story, she thought with a tinge of jealousy.

Zarah laughed as she nodded her head. "I think he's crazy in love with her."

The two sisters walked silently down the hallway towards their rooms, oblivious to the guards who were following after them at a respectful distance. They were both used to guards within the palace, but the increased security was necessary as massive preparations for Rashid's wedding were progressing at a fast pace because of the urgency. Sidra, his fiancee, was pregnant but even if she weren't, the sisters knew that their brother would have pushed for a fast wedding, wanting Sidra all to himself as quickly as possible.

She could understand that. Isla wanted a sweet love story for herself but knew she probably wouldn't find it. As the sister to a very powerful sheik, her husband would be chosen for her, she just hoped Rashid would take her feelings into consideration since she was beyond the age when she must be married off. Surely she could find someone that wouldn't be so overbearing and would give her the space she desired. She refused to give up her secret work simply because she married.

Maybe if Rashid chose someone who wasn't a ruler of a country to marry her to, she could be more open about her work. She loved helping people and she was good at it. Being the sister to a sheik meant she had to be more....surreptitious about her activities.

"I'm off to discuss the menu with the chef for tomorrow's festivities," Zarah mentioned.

Isla sighed and turned in the opposite direction. "Rashid has asked me to personally phone several people to request their presence for tomorrow's ceremony."

Zarah laughed. "I think I have the better task."

"You do," Isla grumbled and headed off to Rashid's office to pick up the list of names he wanted her to call. She was jealous of her sister's task but knew that Zarah was too young to be making these phone calls. And some of them really did need to be made by a family member to soothe the ruffled diplomatic feathers caused by the last minute invitation. It was all about perception, she knew. Many of the world rulers wanted to be perceived as important and being called by a member of Rashid's family would give them that impression.

Isla spent the rest of the day making the phone calls, pretending to care if one or another of the rulers of various countries showed up at her brother's wedding. As far as she was concerned, the only two people who needed to attend were the bride and groom. A large wedding wasn't really her style. She actually would choose to have only her family and her groom's family in attendance for her wedding. She liked it simple with little fanfare, something romantic and intimate. But she knew she'd have to have a large, extravagant affair. Rashid would demand it.

Zarah was still too young to be worrying about her wedding, but she was thinking about it and dreaming about the day she'd become engaged to some man who would carry her off into the sunset where they would live happily ever after. Isla knew that wasn't going to happen in her life. She would find contentment somehow in her marriage, but happiness was not in the cards. Not with an arranged marriage for political reasons.

She worked hard all day, helping the staff prepare the palace for the numerous visitors. Security was painfully tight since so many people would be staying within the palace walls. She couldn't go anywhere without her assigned body guard following her. The wedding wasn't even going to be very large, but the risk was there regardless of the number of people.

That night, she was restless for some reason. She wanted desperately to sleep, but she stared up at the ceiling, wondering what it would be like to be in love, to be excited about one's wedding. She was actually jealous of Sidra, she realized in the early hours of the morning. The woman had fallen in love with her future husband and she was ecstatically happy about tomorrow's events.

Isla rolled over and pulled her pillow closer. Tomorrow was going to be a tough day, watching her older brother get married, seeing the love both of them couldn't hide for each other. They'd known each other for such a short time, but they knew how they felt.

She finally fell asleep just as the sun was rising over the horizon. Unfortunately, that meant that she overslept and by the time her maid was finally able to rouse her, she had to rush through the final preparations for the wedding. Her maid did her hair, then she quickly pulled on her dress and slid her feet into shoes. She was out the door less than an hour after she'd woken up. Forgetting breakfast and only taking a moment to grab a cup of coffee in the now deserted dining room, she got her jolt of caffeine and hurried down the hallway to the elaborately decorated receiving room filled with flowers for the wedding.

She glanced at her watch, trying to orient herself for the day's events. Less than two hours until the ceremony, she thought with resignation. She would have loved to see Sidra before the ceremony, wishing her luck, but that was not going to happen because she'd woken up so late. Dratted hopes and dreams! Why couldn't she just accept her fate? She'd had a wonderful childhood and shouldn't complain. So many people had it much worse.

The palace was already filling up with guests and she would need to hurry to the receiving line to greet the incoming dignitaries, there were flowers everywhere and so many jewels on various hands and necks she couldn't imagine the sum total of wealth being worn right now.

Isla slipped into the receiving line, pretending as if it had been planned to happen like this. "Where have you been?" Zarah whispered furiously, but keeping the gracious smile on her face since too many important people were milling about. "Half the people are already here."

Isla smoothed her dress down and took a deep breath, trying to calm herself so that she could appear dignified. "I overslept."

She felt her sister stiffen beside her a moment before she whispered, "You didn't go out last night, did you?" They both smiled and greeted the British Ambassador and his wife.

"No!" she came back, then smiled as the French Prime Minister and his wife presented themselves to her. When that couple moved off towards the ceremonial room, she whispered back, "I wouldn't go out the night before Rashid's wedding. Don't be ridiculous."

Zarah instantly relaxed with the reassurance. "Good. You should stop doing that. One day you're either going to get caught or your you're going to get hurt and you know it's just a matter of time before one of those things happens," she replied, then they both smiled as the United States Secretary of State approached.

Her sister was right, but she couldn't stop. She wouldn't stop. Her work was just too important. Besides, it made her feel as if she were contributing to the world as more than just another pretty face in a sea of millions of beautiful women. She wanted to make a difference in this world.

One after another, the heads of various countries, or their representatives, filed into the palace. For a small wedding, this seemed ridiculously large, Isla thought as the five hundredth guest finally came through security.

Everyone had been milling about with late morning cocktails and appetizers being passed about by the additional catering staff. Every security guard was on duty, watching for any suspicious activity. All food had been prepared offsite since Rashid wouldn't allow un-vetted vendors into the palace walls and his personal stores of liquor were used so that there was no risk of poisoning.

All too soon, the wedding music sounded and the guests were invited to find a seat. Isla took her place in front of Sidra, giving her future sister-in-law a wink for encouragement. The bride was radiant in a glowing white gown that had been brought in from Paris and fitted overnight. She looked a bit nervous and kept glancing towards the front of the wall of people and Isla instantly knew what was going through her head.

She turned around and smiled brightly. "Don't worry, Sidra. He wouldn't miss this for the world. He's completely smitten with you." Isla was glad she'd said something when Sidra's shoulders relaxed slightly and the worried look diminished. She was probably still terrified of going in front of all of these people, but she looked dazzling. Even Sidra's brother Ryan who had flown in late last night looked magnificent in his formal clothes.

As the music sounded, Isla walked carefully down the aisle, then stood at the front of the room while Zarah came next. When Sidra finally walked down the aisle on her handsome brother's arm, Isla was embarrassed to find tears coming to her eyes. She quickly blinked them away and concentrated only on getting through the ceremony. Cameras were not allowed inside the room, but she knew that the ceremony was being recorded for the press. She didn't want her makeup spoiled by tears, she thought to herself.

She looked away from Sidra and scanned the other guests. There was one large man sitting in the front row who immediately caught her eye. He was deliciously handsome in a scary, dark and dangerous way. His hawk-like nose and dark eyes captured her attention and she wondered who he was. She thought he looked vaguely familiar, but she knew she'd remember that chiseled jaw and broad shoulders if she'd seen him before. The man was exquisitely made up physically with broad shoulders and long legs that he had extended slightly so that he didn't look ridiculous on the dainty chair. He wore his dark suit and snowy tailored shirt perfectly and she even liked the simplicity of his light blue, silk tie. It somehow gave her the impression that he was at least trying not to be scary looking at a wedding, even if it didn't work because of those eyes and his sharp nose.

If he was in the front row, he had to be a very important person so it was increasingly embarrassing that she didn't remember who he was. Rashid's assistant had done the seating chart and placed everyone by importance, but Isla hadn't had a chance to look at the chart.

She glanced at his eyes and was startled to find him looking straight back at her. He glanced down at something but she ignored him, wondering what he could be noticing. When he glanced up again, then down, she knew he was giving her some sort of signal.

Isla looked up, looked around and knew that everyone's eyes were focused on Sidra as she and her brother walked down the aisle. So Isla took a moment and looked down, praying that nothing had spilled on her light blue dress. That would be horrible if she'd been greeting all of these people with a stain. But the only thing she'd eaten so far today was the coffee she'd grabbed for breakfast.

As she looked down, there wasn't anything on her dress. She looked back up and the man was still looking directly at her, then back down.

What had she missed? Had she dropped something? Goodness, had she forgotten to put on stockings or a slip? She moved her legs slightly and she felt the silk, thigh high stocking she'd put on, so that wasn't it. She couldn't remember putting on a slip, but her dress wasn't see-through so the man couldn't possible know if she'd forgotten something so intimate.

She clutched the flowers to her waist, trying desperately hard to figure out what the attractive man was trying to signal to her.

Isla looked lower and gasped in horror. As she looked back up, suddenly realizing what he had been trying to tell her, she blushed painfully, but still couldn't keep the amusement off of her face. She pressed her lips together and looked away, willing herself to not laugh, not to chuckle, don't do anything at all.

She was wearing two different shoes! Both were beautiful and both matched her dress. One had glass beads decorating the toe while the other was covered in soft, blue flowers. She'd been shown both the previous day but because of all the issues she'd been trying to deal with, she had told her maid to simply leave both and she'd wear the one that was the most comfortable for the ceremony.

If they'd felt different enough on her feet, she would have noticed, but they actually were both very comfortable shoes. So here she stood, in front of world leaders and honored guests at her only brother's wedding in two completely different shoes.

She wondered if anyone else had noticed or if it was just this one man. She glanced back at him and, sure enough, he was still watching her, that slight amusement still on those sexy lips and in his dangerous eyes. She pressed her own lips together again, trying very hard not to look back at the man. She was able to do that for the whole service, but after the first kiss, the announcement of bride and groom, all the fanfare of the crowning ceremony that took place immediately after the wedding to crown Sidra queen....she just happened to glance back at the man who was now standing and applauding as the two newlyweds walked back down the aisle. He wasn't looking at Isla's brother and new sister-in-law though. He was looking right back at her and she couldn't help the laughter that broke free when he winked at her.

Incorrigible man! She made her way down the aisle after the newlyweds and out the door. The guests would be directed to the reception area while official photos of the wedding party were taken in another room. Everything had to happen quickly and on a tight schedule, she knew, so she waved her body guard over to her. Whispering in his ear, she explained the situation. Judar quickly looked down at her feet, then nodded his head. He bustled over to one of the servants who immediately acknowledged the instructions and raced off.

Five minutes later, the servant returned with both shoes in her hands and Isla smiled her thanks that the official wedding pictures would not include her in two different shoes. She pulled on the jeweled shoe and handed the flowered one back to the servant, then quickly took her place in the picture.

Only Zarah noticed the exchange since Sidra and Rashid were busy with the photographer, and very preoccupied with each other.

Isla smiled at the way they looked together. Wouldn't it be nice to be that in love? She wondered if she would ever have that feeling. She'd been to boarding school, but she'd been guarded the whole time and had never been allowed to really date any of the boys at the opposite school. She might have grown to resent her sheltered life, but her parents had instilled in her a strong sense of responsibility. She shared her love of her country with her family, wished that her parents were still alive to see their only son married, but knew that life went on and things happened.

The rest of the day was predictable as the reception, dinner and endless toasts to the bride and groom were offered, but Isla couldn't believe how disappointed she was that she didn't see the man from the ceremony during any of the events. She was looking for him, but knew she couldn't ask anyone who he was or what his position might be, not even from which country he hailed. She couldn't let anyone know about her interest in any man, much less someone she'd met in the palace. She knew her place. She knew that her husband would be chosen by Rashid. It went along with the rest of her life and she had long ago accepted this role. She might not like it, but she would do her duty and follow Rashid's orders as to her spouse. She knew that her brother wouldn't marry her to anyone she distinctly disliked. He would take her opinion into consideration. But ultimately, it would be his decision.

With a sigh, she looked down at her meal, not really hungry but knowing she had to eat something. It was late, she'd been on her feet for more than twelve hours and all she wanted to do was crawl back into her bed and sleep for hours. She knew she couldn't do that yet, still had the departure of the more important guests to get through, but it was almost finished. Rashid and Sidra had already left for their honeymoon, Zarah had been sent to bed because she was younger, and so it was up to her and her cousin Jamal to stand in their stead and thank them all for coming on such short notice.

Despite her fatigue, the thought of the departure line protocol actually perked her right up. If the man had been in the front row during the wedding, surely he would be one of those directed towards her and Jamal. The two of them were required to say goodbye to all of the important guests and she could find out more about him. Or at a minimum, shake his hand and find out his name.

Or maybe she shouldn't be hoping for that. She bit her lip as she made her way through the palace towards the exit where people were already starting to depart. She really shouldn't get any additional information on the man since there could be no future at all with him. Just thinking about it could be dangerous and might lead to a major letdown when Rashid decided on a husband for her.

No, it was best to leave silly romantic ideas alone and concentrate on reality. She had her work which made a difference. She'd have a successful marriage and maybe she could grow to love the man she married. This was her life and she accepted it. She smiled until her face hurt and thanked the guests as they departed, repeatedly telling each one that she'd convey their thanks and admiration to both Sidra and Rashid. Her hands were chapped from the many times she shook someone else's and the shoes she'd thought so comfortable earlier in the day were actually biting into her feet now. But she'd been on her feet, literally on her feet walking or standing, for sixteen hours now.

When the last few guests finally departed, she was so relieved that she took her shoes off and padded barefoot through the hallways to her bedroom. She heard Jamal next to her talking about one thing or another, but she wasn't really listening, too tired by this point. She'd have no problems sleeping tonight, she thought with relish.

"Good night, Isla," Jamal said softly as she walked into his bedroom. "You looked exceptionally lovely today in the blue. I'm glad you chose that color."

Isla looked down at her blue dress, then back up at her cousin who was in a dark suit for the occasion. "You looked pretty good yourself," she replied and waved goodnight. She smiled her thanks at the security guard who went into her room first and did a sweep before she entered, then stood outside while she washed her face, changed her clothes and crawled into bed. The soft sheets felt wonderful on her aching body and she closed her eyes. The last thing she thought of before sleep carried her away was that her dress and the stranger's tie matched perfectly.

Chapter 2

Isla pressed her persistent alarm, desperately wanting just a few more precious minutes of sleep. She'd slept so poorly the night before and all the wedding festivities yesterday had taken a toll on her. She just wanted a few more minutes to sleep. Was that really so much to ask?

Her feet still ached from standing so long and her new shoes had been merciless. As her mind continued to resist sleep, she wondered what her mysterious stranger would think if he caught her walking through the palace in fluffy slippers. She smiled and pulled her pillow close, her mind drifting to the thought that maybe this is what it would be like to pull his body close so she could curl up in her sleep next to him.

She reached over and pressed the snooze button, not wanting to lose the delicious feeling of curling up next to her stranger's muscular body. But the alarm didn't stop when she pressed the snooze button. Darn thing! She sat up and looked at the numbers. It was only four thirty in the morning! She didn't need to be up until seven o'clock and she hadn't gotten into bed until just after midnight.

She looked around at her darkened bedroom, pushing the soft sheets out of the way. What was that infuriating sound?

And then she woke up enough to figure it out, springing out of bed to grab her beeping cell phone. She rubbed her eyes, trying to eliminate the haze of sleep so she could focus on the small screen that was trying to give her some information. The text message was clear. "Zone five is up. Center of the universe."

Isla didn't wait any longer. She ran into her closet and changed, pulling on her black leggings and black jacket with a hood. Her backpack was already set to go, she just needed to get out of the palace. That would be an extremely tricky endeavor if she hadn't found a secret way out several years ago. She'd originally left the palace in disguise during the day, just to have a few hours of freedom from the restrictions of palace life and being the daughter of the sheik. Initially, she'd just visited the marketplace, or walked through the museums, doing anything that normal people might do. But one day, she'd come up with the idea of actually helping people. She'd read so many medical books, pouring through the information and was always fascinated by how the body worked and healed.

So instead of just wandering about the capital city aimlessly, she started looking for a group of people, men or women with specific skills who could go out and find people who needed help. They would then combine their areas of expertise to make a difference, to help the people who couldn't get help anywhere else.

Sometimes, it was just smuggling medicine across the border, paid for with her own money and never stolen, but medicine needed to go through so many official channels and so much of it was siphoned off by those who claimed to be officials. Those 'officials' would sell off the medicine on the black market whereas her way brought the medicine directly to the people who needed it the most.

She never dispersed medicine, only giving it to qualified doctors who were trustworthy and dedicated. She only performed minor medical attention. She was sort of like a paramedic who could help people just until she and her team could get the person trained medical treatment.

She wished she'd been allowed to attend medical school. But she didn't dare ask for something so outrageous. Rashid would never allow it anyway, so she hadn't wasted her breath.

She carefully moved the cover of shoes that hid the secret passageway. Not even the servants who cleaned her room knew of this opening and she was careful to maintain its secrecy. Opening the trap door, she slithered into the tunnel and down the ladder, careful to close the door as soon as she was through and make sure it was sealed shut with the lock bolted on her side.

Within five minutes of her leaving her bedroom, she was outside the palace walls and gave the signal - a small pen light flashed three times in the direction of the palace kitchens. A black van immediately pulled up and she quickly jumped in the side door. The van was already speeding up by the time she had both feet on the floorboards while someone else slammed the door shut.

There was a team of five people in the van but no time for greetings. As soon as she was seated, a map was pulled out and the information on the situation relayed to the team. They went through the details they knew about so far, questions asked, answers given. Meanwhile, they drove through the night towards the border to Silaria.

As they approached the target area, Isla picked up her pack and went through the contents, ensuring that she had everything she might need.

Tonight, it was a gang war that had started brewing a few days ago after the death of a member. One side accused the other of murder, the other side called back that the deceased had been on their turf. The battle lines had been drawn up years ago when Silaria was at war for power. El-Hamin still hadn't used his formidable might to quell these kinds of problems in the border towns, and often the power vacuum manifested itself in these little fiefdoms where a cruel, petty tyrant claimed power.

This was one area in which she wished El-Hamin would just put his army down and get rid of the problem. She'd patched up several innocent bystanders in the dark of night because of these nasty bullies and she was sick of it. Women and children, farmers who were just trying to get their crops to market, small businessmen or women who wanted to make a living for their family, all of them were impacted by these turf battles. El-Hamin needed to get rid of these stupid fights and lay down a law of justice instead of a law of fear.

Her team stopped the van several blocks away and walked the rest of the way to where they'd been told the violence would be occurring. She was standing in the shadows while Dinan, the negotiator on the team stepped forward. They found the two gangs facing off in the middle of the street and Isla said a silent prayer of thanks that this was happening in the early morning hours instead of later in the day. This street was the main market place and more people would be hurt if anything happened while the vendors were set up and people doing their daily shopping.

Dinan and Loan, another medic, stepped forward, their hands raised high in an effort to get everyone's attention. The men on both sides looked at the two, then turned back. Isla was too far back to hear what was being said, but she knew that things weren't going well just by the body language.

Nazih, a large man with tactical and military knowledge and knew just about everyone no matter where they were, was beside her and she glanced in his direction. "Not good," she whispered. The tall man silently agreed. Dinan was still talking, while Loan was getting into position. Personally, Isla thought they should both pull back because they were going to get hurt.

All of a sudden, there was movement on both sides of the street. Soldiers were moving in with guns drawn, shouting all sorts of orders for people to get down onto the ground. Dinan and Loan were already there, not willing to argue when guns were drawn. It was their policy to work with the local officials when possible, but only when they weren't corrupt which was sometimes the case when dealing with the locals. Occasionally the local police officers were corrupt and other times, they were just trying to do their best with the limited resources they had. Nazih observed both and could quickly discern the good from the bad. The good received his help, the bad had some additional issues to deal with as he snuck around after the fact and caused mischief. It was his way of keeping the local population safe. He figured if the corrupt police officers were busy trying to find him, they wouldn't bother the locals as often or as harshly.

As Isla watched the scene unfold, she realized that these men weren't local officials. They were too disciplined...too well trained. And had better hardware, which was an additional worry.

She looked up at Nazih, trying to get a sense from him if these were the good guys or the bad guys.

Unfortunately, she was distracted by someone she thought never to see again. Out of the shadows, a large, dark, menacing form stepped out, his stride commanding, his voice filled with authority. He ordered the soldiers to round them all up. They were being arrested for distribution of weapons and various other violations. Isla couldn't believe it! No violence, everyone rounded up. This rarely happened!

Most of the time, these bursts of violence occurred during the day time so the perpetrators could slip into the crowds. Isla and her team would move in later, under cover of the night and help those who were hurt or needed some sort of assistance. They also gathered information surreptitiously and slipped that information to the non-corrupt authorities.

Isla was just about to turn away and head back to the van when she caught a sudden movement. One of the gang members was pulling something from his pocket. The soldier by his side saw it at the same time, but he wasn't fast enough to stop the gang member. The knife flew out of the man's hand, burying itself in the larger man's shoulder. The soldier had the gang member down on the ground and handcuffed in record time, but Isla was already moving in, her medic bag open so she could tend to the wound.

Soldiers instantly surrounded her and she put up her hands, opening her bag so they could see that it was only filled with medical supplies. "We only come here to help the victims," she explained, pointing to Dinan and Loan. "They're professional negotiators and medics who are trying to help. Please don't arrest them."

The soldiers looked to the larger man for guidance. When he nodded his head, the soldiers backed up and rounded up the others. The man who threw the knife was placed in a different vehicle from the others and whisked off to some unknown detention facility.

Isla could see that the knife wound was deep and already blood was seeping out and soaking his shirt. "Can I come closer and help you?" she asked cautiously, the night making it hard to see the man's face so she couldn't read his expression. "I don't care what your political affiliation, I'm just here to help you tend to the wound." Why did the man look so familiar?

The man put his hands on his hips and stood there staring at her for a long moment. Finally, he waved her closer and Isla was stunned that he could have so much movement with the knife still sticking out of his shoulder.

When she was closer, she realized that she knew this man! He was the one who had been at the wedding, the one who had noticed her shoes!

He smiled as soon as she recognized him and her body started tingling with excitement, and something she couldn't easily define.

"At least you're wearing the same shoes this time," his deep, husky voice said as she got closer.

She took a deep breath, forcing herself to think only about the wound and making sure he didn't lose too much blood. "You disappeared earlier today. I guess you had more important things to do than sit around and eat delicious food?" she quipped, smiling nervously up at him while she tried to get a better look at his knife wound. "Will you let me tend to that? You'll still need to get to a doctor, but I can at least stop the bleeding."

Sheik Hussan El-Hamin watched as the beautiful woman dressed from head to toe in black approached. His soldiers were wary of this woman, but Hussan had been looking for this team for months, wondering how they got into the center of all the crises so easily. He'd had no idea that a woman was part of the team. And a woman who was royalty at that!

He'd first gotten word of her benevolent team about a year ago but they were so stealthy and aware of every movement the police were going to do. He was impressed by their work and didn't mean them harm. Just the opposite in fact. He wanted to hire them on full time, to give them the government protection they deserved. People who could organize like this and make such a difference, create so much good will with the local populations, they could be a huge asset to his country and help everyone get back to where they were a decade ago, before this ridiculous war tore the country apart.

"What are you going to do?" he asked as he looked down at her, seeing the fear in her lovely eyes and trying to figure out how to dissipate that nervousness. She was definitely a tiny little thing, barely reaching his shoulder although he knew that he was tall for a man. She smelled good too, he thought ridiculously. Not like perfume though. She just smelled.....good. He couldn't really put a definition to the scent but it turned him on, making his body react.

Isla looked up at him and suddenly she was more than nervous. A flash of terror washed over her and she was stunned by its intensity. She didn't understand why or what had caused it though. She'd helped dozens of others, male and female who were in need of emergency medical attention. Why was this man's knife wound so intimidating?

He recognized the increased fear and wasn't sure what had caused it. Nothing really had changed, but he sensed that something inside of her had shifted. "Are you okay?" he asked softly, ignoring the soldiers that were efficiently moving around the area.

Isla looked up into his dark eyes, then back down again. "Yes," she whispered. "Would you mind sitting down? You're a bit taller than I'm used to."

Hussan almost smiled, but he complied by moving over to one of the chairs set up on a patio dining area. This brought the knife wound to her eye level and, to his benefit, it brought his eyes closer to her breast level. She had a lush figure and he would enjoy exploring those soft, luscious curves. Leisurely, he thought. He'd like to enjoy her with no distractions. No interruptions. Except her soft sighs, just like the one she let escape as her shaking hands moved up to grasp the knife.

He raised an eyebrow at her shaking fingers as she gripped the hilt of the knife. "Want me to do that?" he offered, mildly concerned that her nervousness might create more problems with the knife than he already had.

She smiled wanly, but shook her head. She didn't want him to pull it out, afraid the angle at which he pulled could cause additional damage. "Actually, if you could sit very still, I'll get this out in jiffy." She grasped the rough handle, then looked into his eyes a moment before she tugged the blade out of his muscle. With deft fingers, she tossed the blade to the side, reached into her bag and pulled out antiseptic, cleaning the wound as thoroughly as possible. She tore more of the black tee shirt so she could see the wound better, then efficiently started to bandage him up. Once she was moving, her nervousness was gone. She was completely absorbed in the task of helping the wound to stop bleeding and eliminating as much of a possible threat of infection as she could while doing field work.

She was cleaning the surrounding skin with gauze and iodine as she examined the wound and the torn muscle. "You're going to need stitches," she said as she pulled the edges closer before applying the bandage.

"You can do that here, can't you?" He didn't know why he said that. He could be flown by helicopter to his personal physician and be sewn up by a doctor in less than an hour. There was just something about this woman. He didn't want to lose her closeness. If she stitched him up, he could spend a few more minutes in her company, looking at her soft skin, her breasts that his palms itched to hold and feel and smell her soft, tempting scent.

She started to shake her head, about to explain that a doctor could do a much better job but he stopped her. "You have the supplies right there. Go ahead. I don't want it infected. And since you're here and my doctor isn't, wouldn't it be better to stitch it up before anything happens?'

"But I'm not a doctor," she replied. "I only stitch things up when a doctor isn't available."

He shrugged, ignoring the pain it caused in his shoulder. "You're the best I've got right now. I trust you," he said, looking directly at her.

Isla took a deep breath and picked up her materials. She started to give him something to ease the pain, but he shook his head. "I'm not done tonight. I can't have my muscles frozen. Just go ahead. I'll get something for the pain tomorrow."

She hated the idea of sewing his skin closed with no anesthetic. "Are you sure? Pulling stitches is a bit more painful that you might think."

"Yes. I've experienced the lovely pleasure before so consider me forewarned. You'll do fine."

She couldn't believe that the man was trying to reassure her. That was normally her job when someone was bleeding. But this man just sat there watching her, occasionally glancing at the wound but completely unconcerned about the blood that was soaking up his shirt and seemed to be oblivious to the pain the knife would must have caused.

"Fine," she replied and cleaned the wound once more to get rid of some of the blood. She carefully pinched the sides of the wound closed and applied the needle, pulling the thread through carefully and glancing at his face to see if this was affecting him at all. Thankfully the knife had gone in straight and clean so the edges were easily closed, but she still worried that something might be inside the wound that would become infected. He really needed to get to a doctor to do this and make sure that it was done correctly. She didn't have enough light and anything could go wrong.

Instead of focusing on the negative, she worked quickly to sew things up. She wanted to get away from this man. At the wedding, he'd been several feet away which was completely different than being this close to him. His skin was warm with little give because of all the muscles. No fat on this man, she thought, impressed despite herself. And boy did he smell good! Wasn't he supposed to be all hot and sweaty? Stinky? Well, he was sweaty, but the scent wasn't bad. It was very good. Too good!

She had the crazy thought that she'd like to rip away more of his tee shirt and find out what was underneath.

When he reached up and tore more of the fabric, Isla gasped and couldn't look away. "Why did you do that?" she asked, her mouth suddenly dry and her eyes transfixed on the gorgeous chest covered with muscles and tanned, incredibly glorious skin.

He looked into her eyes, watching her reaction carefully and he knew that she was just as interested in him as he was in her. He could see it in the way her eyes kept straying to his chest, and the fact that she glanced into his eyes, then quickly away again. In better light, he suspected that she might even be blushing and he wanted to smile at the thought. Instead of stating that he wanted her soft, delicate fingers to touch his chest, to move along his skin and set him on fire with her gentle, teasing touch, he said simply, "There's blood all over the shirt. Can you clean up the rest?" he asked, wondering if she noticed that his voice was deeper as the lust for her increased with each passing moment.

Rashid watched as the beautiful woman glanced down at his chest. He couldn't believe that he was getting turned on while she was sewing up his wound but now that her heated gaze was looking down at his skin, the feeling was intensifying. Damn, he wanted this woman.

He was already devising a plan to have her too. He knew her brother well and had contacted him throughout the war. They had collaborated against Hussan's uncle, neither of them believing that the older man should be allowed to rape Silaria simply because he was had the right bloodlines. A few years ago, Rashid had even suggested that Isla would be a good wife, offering her up as his bride to help support Hussan's claim to rule. At the time, he'd turned Rashid down, not sure what the future of his country might be. But now that things had stabilized, he was ready to take on a bride. Well, more specifically, he was ready to take this one on. He'd never really thought about his future until he'd seen her at his friend's wedding yesterday. Now that she was close, he wanted all of her.

And she wanted him too. He could feel it, sense it in the way she was standing. It might be just his imagination, but he thought he could actually smell her arousal and that thought sent his body into overdrive.

Yes, it was definitely time to get back with Rashid and take him up on the offer. There was always the possibility that Rashid had selected another husband for his sister. If that was the case, he'd have to do some negotiating. He wasn't even above stealing her out from under his friend's back but he was suddenly determined that Isla would be his and his alone.

Isla took a deep breath as she pulled the needle through for the last time, relieved that the task was over and she was even proud of the neat stitches she'd done to hold his wound. "There. That should stop the bleeding until you can get to a real doctor." She stepped back and kept her eyes only on his wound. She took another step back when he stood up, having trouble breathing with him so tall and male right there in front of her.

When he eliminated the distance between them, she gasped and looked away. "I need to get out of here," she said softly and turned to leave but he caught her hand and captured it in his strong one.

"What's your name?" he asked softly, even though he already knew her name. Rashid had been trying to convince him to take this little lady for his wife for the past two years. Hussan wondered how long she'd been slipping out of the palace to do things like this.

It occurred to him that he could stop her whole team right now and bring them back to his palace but something held him back this time. It wasn't just the way the team moved so efficiently, or the fact that they were doing good things for his people and his conscience wouldn't allow him to kidnap people who were trying to help. It was more the fact that capturing Princess Isla was probably not the smoothest way to start off their relationship.

He'd contact Rashid in the morning. Or in the next hour, he thought as he noticed the sun rising over the horizon.

"Until we meet again," he said and lifted her hand to his mouth, kissing the tender flesh of her wrist and feeling the racing pulse. Good, he was glad she was feeling the same thing he felt for her. Their desire was already powerful. That would start off their marriage well.

Isla pulled her hand away, grateful when he allowed it because he was large enough and strong enough to hold her here if he wanted. "I doubt we'll ever meet again, but I'm glad I was here for you tonight."

She spun around, eager to get away from him and get some fresh air. The other soldiers were standing beside the truck where the prisoners were bound, patiently waiting for this man who was obviously their captain or something similar, but definitely the authority figure within the group. They treated him with too much deference for him to be anything other than their leader. The thought also occurred to her that the man was too strong, too arrogant for him to accept anything other than a leadership role. There was just something about him that shouted authority. Perhaps it was in his bearing or the way he spoke, but he was definitely the boss.

Released from the soldiers, her team rushed through the quiet streets, all of them apparently eager to get away from this scene. Nothing had gone right tonight and they needed to get back before anything else happened and before anyone discovered her disappearance. She financed this team, ensured they were well equipped and even paid them a salary so that they could work their magic and get positive results. She had far fewer new outfits because of this team, but she derived much more satisfaction from financing their efforts than she ever could by wearing a pretty new gown.

They got back across the border and all of them relaxed. "Wow!" Dinan said and collapsed against the metal wall of the van. "There were moments that I didn't think we were getting out of that one alive tonight."

With his initial comments, the tension was broken and they all started laughing, the adrenaline flowing as they got farther away from the scene.

One by one, Loan dropped them off and Isla was careful to go back through her secret passageway as silently as possible. The passage was old and hidden, but that didn't mean that one of the servants might not hear her. She had to be extra careful at this time of the day when the servants were moving about, getting things ready within the palace. This early in the morning, servants had time to look into suspicious activities or noises coming from places that should be vacant - such as empty hallways or walls that shouldn't exist.

She made it back silently through the secret tunnel, then carefully climbed up through her trap door, pushed the shoes back into place and quickly changed out of her black clothing, storing it away so it wasn't included with her laundry. She'd wash that herself tonight in the shower, hanging it to dry in her closet where it would be less obvious. She had several other similar black outfits, just in case she was called out tonight and this material hadn't dried yet.

That day, she helped the rest of the staff get the palace back to normal but even she had to admit that she was mildly depressed. The excitement of the past few days had been intense, and now, the lack of that excitement was a letdown.

Over the next week, there were two more skirmishes in which her team was called out. She was also called upon to help a woman in a small village give birth to her first baby when the village doctor was called away on another emergency. She enjoyed these interludes of excitement, but there was something missing now. Isla refused to admit that she wanted to see that man again. And when she found herself thinking about him, she told herself that it was only mild concern for his wound and she wanted to make sure he'd seen a doctor.

She also had this strange feeling, as if she were being watched. When she snuck out of the palace, there was just a tingle that she couldn't identify, as if there was a spy following her. She was extra careful, had learned long ago to pay attention to these kinds of feelings. But as the week went by, the feeling intensified. It changed subtly though. The feeling of being watched was still there, but she felt almost as if she were waiting for something to happen.

The feelings intensified and she kept looking over her shoulder, trying to see if someone inside the palace was doing anything malicious. But there wasn't anything she could see. Her guards were starting to look at her strangely and when she went out at night, she was more jumpy that usual. The dark shadows that they used for their protection and to hide from detection now looked cruel and scary, as if they were hiding something she should run from as fast and hard as possible.

Chapter 3

Zarah rushed into the dining room, breathless from her run. "They're back!" she yelped, eager to see her brother and new sister-in-law. They'd just returned from their honeymoon and Zarah had been waiting anxiously to see if they were still as happy now as they had been on their wedding day. Isla wasn't sure what Zarah expected to see. It wasn't as if they would be fighting on their honeymoon.

Goodness! She actually blushed because her mind pictured her mysterious stranger and herself wrapped in each other's arms, gloriously naked and enjoying the same activities. What was she thinking?

When Isla only sipped her coffee once again, Zarah stared at her curiously. "Aren't you excited to see them?"

Isla thought about that for a moment. She couldn't put her finger on her wariness and it was really starting to bother her now. The feeling had intensified in the past few days and she was becoming jumpy and paranoid. "Yes. But don't you feel something?"

Zarah came more fully into the beige and maroon room and sat down on one of the brocade covered chairs. "What do you mean?"

Isla couldn't put her finger on exactly the issue, but she felt a shiver run down her spine. She leaned forward and placed her coffee cup carefully in the china saucer, trying to figure out what was wrong. "I don't know really. I just have this feeling that something is going to happen."

Zarah laughed, waving her hand as if her sister were being ridiculous. "Are you turning psychic on me now?"

Isla knew she was sounding odd. Even a bit mysterious, but she couldn't help it. She'd never felt this way before and it was making her think she was seeing things now, shadows that couldn't possibly be there and had no reason to hide from her. "I'm sorry. I do sound weird." She ran a nervous hand through her hair and tried to get a grip on her fears.

Zarah jumped up and pulled her sister's hand, trying to get her out the door to greet their older brother. "Come on, let's go see Sidra and Rashid. I'm sure she's feeling a bit left out and overwhelmed right about now."

Isla laughed and shook her head, but allowed herself to be pulled out of the chair so she could follow her sister. "I doubt it. She's probably just furious that she's back with all of our prying eyes instead of hiding away in some secluded place enjoying her new husband."

"Rashid isn't someone to enjoy," Zarah challenged. "He's more of an endurance."

"Is that any way to talk about your favorite brother?" the man in question strolled in to the dining room.

Zarah instantly spun around and threw her arms around him, giving him a huge hug. "Oh, you know I love you but you're a royal pain in the neck sometimes too."

Rashid returned his baby sister's hug, but his eyes skimmed over to Isla who had returned to the table. She was sipping a cup of coffee and he could see the nervousness in her eyes. Briefly, he wondered if she already knew what he was about to say, but couldn't figure out how that might be possible.

After releasing Zarah, he moved over to the side table and poured himself another cup of coffee, grateful for the brew since he'd been without for the past week and a half. Sidra's pregnancy has caused her to have a severe reaction to the scent of coffee so he'd banned it from their honeymoon. He might even ban it from the palace if she fainted again. There was no way he would put his new wife in danger. Or his unborn child.

With a sigh of satisfaction, he took a long sip of the caffeinated brew, then closed his eyes as he instantly felt the beverage seep into every cell of his body. There was no doubt that he was addicted to the stuff but he'd give it all up if it would help Sidra.

He glanced to his right, noticed Isla sitting at the table, staring at him as if she were bracing for something horrible to happen. He set the coffee down and turned to watch her, knowing he couldn't avoid facing the conversation he had to now have.

"Would you excuse us, Zarah?" he asked his sister, still looking towards Isla. "I need to talk to Isla alone."

Zarah looked from her sister to her brother, then back again. "Sure," she said, already worried just from the anxious look on her siblings' faces. "But I might as well stay. It isn't as if I won't know what's going on a few moments after you tell Isla."

Rashid turned to her and glared. "Go!" he commanded and was relieved when she obeyed. It continued to astound him that he could command everyone but these two daring women.

When they were alone, he turned to Isla, looking down at her carefully. "How have you been this past week?" he asked and sat down next to her, sipping his coffee and trying to appear casual.

Isla didn't like the look on her brother's face at all. "I've been fine. But if you don't tell me what you are trying to avoid telling me, then things are not going to be fine."

He sighed and nodded his head, acknowledging that there was an important issue to discuss. "I have had a request while away and I've taken a great deal of time to consider it."

"You've chosen my husband," she said and her heart plummeted. She carefully placed the coffee cup in the saucer, trying to not allow it to clatter with her shaking hands. This was the news she'd been dreading, but she also knew that it was inevitable. She'd had no illusions that she could continue on as she had been. Marriage was an absolute. "Who is he?"

"He's actually a man I approached about two years ago, suggesting that you might be an asset to him but he wasn't ready for a wife at that point. He wasn't sure if things were safe enough or how people would accept him. But since then, things in his country have changed. They're more settled and he can take care of a family now."

Isla had a very bad feeling about this. She was looking into her coffee cup, her mind working hard to figure out who had been selected. What country had been in turmoil and was now doing better?

The answer came to her quickly and she pushed back her chair as she stood up abruptly, uncaring that it fell back onto the floor as she glared at her brother, shaking her head in denial. "No! You can't do that Rashid! Not him!"

Rashid stood up as well, holding out his hands in an attempt to calm his sister down. "Isla, I don't know who you're talking about, but the man I've selected is honorable. He'll treat you well and he's proven that he can rule a country wisely and protect you."

The word 'honorable' made her relax just slightly and she tilted her head, curious, but still warily suspicious. "So you're not talking about Hussan El Hamin?"

Rashid blinked and nodded his head. "Well, yes actually..." but he couldn't continue.

Isla jumped back and shook her head violently. "No! Rashid, you promised I could have a say in this matter! Anyone but that man! He's a monster! He's tortured his people and they're all suffering under his rule. You don't know what it's like in that country. People are hungry and struggling!"

Rashid's eyes narrowed and he put his hands on his hips. He'd never heard her talk about anyone so harshly before and was astounded that her diplomacy was gone when she'd been raised to know better. "And how would you know all this? You've never even been to his country."

Isla knew she was trapped. But in this case, she didn't care. Her whole future was at stake here. "I have seen it. First hand and his people are starving! The medical care over there is minimal at best and non-existent in some places. There's an entire generation of children who can't read, the streets are filled with potholes and everyone is terrified of their ruler. You can't give me to him! I'm begging you to reconsider!"

Rashid shook his head, firm in his decision. He knew that what she was saying was true in some places, but they were the exceptions instead of the rule. He was friends with Hussan and knew that Silaria was much better off now under his rule. Hussan was benevolent and powerful, but with a tight grip on what happened within the borders until he could eliminate the remaining factions that were causing his people distress. To hear his sister malign a man Rashid respected so deeply was just not right. "It's done, Isla."

Isla couldn't believe that her brother was being so firm about something like this. Didn't he understand that marriage was more than just political? It was personal! "No! This can't be happening! He's ugly and gross and....hairy!"

"You will stop immediately!" Rashid commanded with a raised voice.

Isla stopped but she glared at him, horrified that he would sell her like this. "I'll never forgive you for doing this!" she said and spun on her heel, wanting to vacate the room and his presence before she broke down in tears.

But instead of running away, she ran into a brick wall. A hard, immovable force that stopped her in her tracks. She gasped and looked up at the man who was stopping her, his hands holding her arms as he watched her carefully with dark, fathomless eyes that showed no emotion. Not even a flinch of pain when she ran into the shoulder she'd just stitched up for him about a week ago even though it must still be tender. There was no way a wound that deep could have healed so quickly.

"What are you doing here!" she turned and looked at Rashid, wondering if this man had told her brother what she did during the nighttime hours.

Spinning back around, she snarled at the man who was holding her arms, wrenching her body free from his touch. She didn't care that he wasn't to blame. She was hurt, scared and angry at her brother for marrying her off to a man who was loathsome in her mind. This man, so tall and handsome, so rugged and....well, he was just a target because he made her nervous which shouldn't have filtered through to her anger!

She gasped as her mind finally figured out what had happened. "No! This all makes sense now! You told him what I do at night." She turned to glare at Rashid. "And you're punishing me by making me marry the man who slaughters his people. How could you!"

"Silence!" Rashid commanded. He couldn't believe that his normally obedient sister was making such a fuss. Rashid actually thought she would be happy with his choice of a husband once she'd met him. Never in his wildest imaginings had he thought she would be this unconscionably rude to her future husband. "The papers have been signed. You will marry Hussan El Hamin so stop fighting this and insulting the man!"

Isla tried to push out of this man's arms, furious that he'd witnessed her unladylike behavior but more terrified of her impending groom. She hated to think that Rashid would be so cruel as to punish her like this. And how could her brother have found out? Only if this man had told him could her brother know her secret so all of her fury was directed towards this stranger.

"Get your hands off of me! You bastard! I can't believe you've gotten your master's way by telling on me. How juvenile! And all my team was doing was helping anyone who needed assistance. That's not a crime and it wouldn't be necessary if your leader weren't such an evil power monger!"

"Isla! You will cease right this instant!" Rashid roared.

Isla spun around, shaking her head. "I won't! I'll tell the whole world what a horrible man you've sold me off to. And there's nothing you can do about it! Every pre-wedding interview will be a news conference on how horrible the conditions are in that poor country with all the people suffering. Just you wait! If that disgusting pig is going to make me marry him, then I'll damn well tell the whole world what he's done."

Hussan looked at his friend and raised an eyebrow. "If that's the case, would you mind if I took measures to limit the potential damage to Siliaria's reputation?"

Rashid was looking at his sister, dumbfounded at her behavior. The only time he could remember being angrier was when his security forces couldn't find Sidra. Things had turned out well with her and he was now happily married to the beautiful woman. He looked up at the man he respected possibly more than any other and nodded. "Do what you need to do," he replied. "With my blessing."

Isla had no idea what they were talking about, but she couldn't get her arm free, no matter how much she tried to shake off this huge man's hold. She'd probably have several bruises tomorrow, but right now, she was too hurt by her brother's betrayal to worry about that.

She knew that her future husband wouldn't care that the brute he'd sent to sign the papers had bruised her skin. No, he'd probably take pride in the fact that she'd had to be disciplined. "Let go of me!" she snapped.

Rashid was livid at this un-precedented lack of decorum on his sister's part. She'd never behaved in this manner. "Is there anything I can do to help with this situation? And please, I apologize for her rudeness."

Hussan dismissed the apology, almost smiling with anticipation. This woman surprised him with her spunk. He was impressed and actually enjoyed her movements. Beyond that, apparently his future wife needed an education in what was really happening in Silaria and he was just the man to do it. "I'll handle this with all the respect she deserves at the moment."

Rashid almost smiled at his friends reply, knowing exactly what was about to happen. It was precisely what he'd do although he might be a bit more bruising than Hussan was probably going to be. Rashid could see in his sister's eyes that she had no idea what was going to happen and he tried to hide the smile of satisfaction. She'd made her bed, she could just lie in it.

With a nod to Rashid, Hussan bent slightly, then picked the unsuspecting woman up, tossing her over his shoulder. He quickly walked out of the dining room, heading directly for the exit.

Isla was so shocked that she was actually being carried over the man's shoulder, her butt stuck up in the air like she was some kind of.....well, she just couldn't even imagine what he was thinking! "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Isla screeched as she pushed her hair out of her eyes. "You can't do this to me! Put me down this instant!"

Hussan simply ignored her and walked down the long hallway, uncaring of the servants who were witnessing the scene, their mouths literally hanging open in shock. A part of him knew he shouldn't do this, should show her the respect she probably deserved if only due to her status and title. But after hearing her call him a monster, among all those other things, he wasn't in the mood to be delicate to his future bride. She'd been yelling loudly enough for the servants to hear her through the closed doors, so he wasn't going to let them think she could get away with that. He had a reputation, one which he'd been carefully building over the past several years, and she'd maligned his character.

Besides, she felt good and he liked the way she wiggled. She needed to gain some weight though. She was definitely too thin.

He was impressed with Rashid's guards. As he carried his woman out of the palace, they'd already been informed and had the gates open. Not a single guard smiled, at least not while he was passing with their princess over his shoulder, even though the slip of a woman continued to try and give him orders.

"You're such a jerk!" she snapped when she felt the sunshine on her back indicating that they had left the palace building.

In response, he simply smacked her bottom. He couldn't let her get away with calling him a name, he thought with a grin and a wink at the guards he passed by as he left the front entrance.

To their credit, they didn't blink an eye, but he could see the amusement in their eyes and he had to smother his own laughter at the ruckus his little beauty was making.

When he reached the large, bullet proof SUV his personal guards insisted that he travel in, he set her back on her feet and looked down at her. "Are you going to behave?" he asked ominously.

Isla was so furious that he would do something like this to her she could barely speak. "Behave?" she sputtered, her eyes wide with her anger and humiliation at being carted through the palace, her home, like a sack of potatoes. "You're asking me if I'm going to behave?" She couldn't even begin to describe how angry she was to this Neanderthal! She'd never been treated so callously, so heartlessly! And in such a publicly humiliating manner, no less!

He raised one eyebrow as he continued to patiently stare down at her. "That was the question. Repeating it back to me won't give me an answer."

Isla took a deep breath and released it, trying to find some measure of dignity while at the same time, calm her raging temper. This man seemed to think he could do things like that to her, but she had to set him straight. She would never be man-handled like that again! "Listen to me you big brute..." she started to say but didn't get any further.

Hussan wasn't taking anymore. He couldn't believe that she would rather rail at him in the palace courtyard rather than simply getting into the SUV with dignity and grace. "Isla, you are an engaged woman now," he said softly so only the two of them could hear. "You will behave or I will put you over my knee and spank you. Don't challenge me on this either. Remember, I'm the monster here."

She glared right back up at him, wishing he weren't so tall so her neck wouldn't hurt, but such was not the case so she'd make due with showing him her indignance through her body language instead of intimidation. "So his minions are just as horrible as the great man himself! Wonderful! I have so much to look forward to."

Hussan considered his options and sighed. He didn't want to start off their relationship in this way, but he couldn't have her spouting nonsense like that. Besides, she needed to understand that she wasn't in charge here. He was and he wasn't going to take that kind of language from her. "Isla, get in the car or I'll make you."

Isla looked inside, saw the driver looking straight ahead and no one else. "Where are the rest of the guards?" she demanded.

He looked down at her with amusement lurking on those sexy lips. "Do I need additional guards to keep you in line?"

She considered the various ways to answer, swallowing painfully but she refused to back down from him or any other man. "Yes. I can guarantee that I will be the most trying prisoner you've ever had to deal with."

He stepped closer and smiled, "I think I'll enjoy trying to control you. If you don't get into the car, I'll start those methods immediately."

Isla looked around, considered making a dash for it, but he stopped her with the simple words, "Don't even try it. I'll have you over my shoulder and tossed into the car before you take two steps."

She looked back up at him and, despite her anger, she was genuinely intimidated. This man wasn't one to be crossed and she'd already humiliated herself enough today. She would save herself to fight another day.

In silence, she stepped into the black vehicle and found a seat, glaring at the large man who climbed in and sat down next to her, his huge body crowding her in the normally abundant space but because he was so tall, his left leg was pressed against her right one and his arm had to move behind her to make room for his enormous shoulders.

"Can't you sit in the front like a good minion?" she asked as she tried to scoot over so she wasn't touching him. He didn't take the hint but moved closer himself as the driver drove off, taking her away from everything she'd ever known. She was terrified of what she was facing and bit her lower lip as she stared out the window, trying desperately hard not to cry.

How had this happened? When Rashid had threatened this previously, she'd been quite adamant that she would be against an arrangement with this man. Rashid had even used Hussan El Hamin as a threat when she was getting too irritating. El Hamin was like the boogey man for small kids and marriageable daughters or sisters. And now she was on her way to the man's palace. She couldn't believe how cruel life could be, she thought and her stomach churned with the fear of what was to come. She tried to rationalize the situation but it was hard. Rashid said he respected El-Hamin but what did that mean? Reporters weren't allowed in the country, the borders were basically shut down so how would Rashid know if his sister was being abused?

Thoughts were tumbling through her mind, she worked the details, tried to figure out how she was going to get out of this situation. She couldn't marry this man! She had to find a way out, to get help and hide away. Surely she could get some sort of communication out to find some help. She didn't have her blackberry, she didn't even have additional clothes, she'd acted out and now she didn't even have her purse with her wallet and identification, much less her credit cards or any money. How was she going to escape?

And what would be the political repercussions if she actually succeeded in an escape? Would Rashid be blamed? Would the people of Tasain be hurt in battles they had nothing to do with? She could imagine El-Hamin crossing over the borders and slaughtering the innocent villagers who were minding their own business and had nothing to do with this union, probably wouldn't even know that there had been an engagement.

She put her head in her hands, the sobs just under the surface and she tried to control her fear but it was slowly taking over.

Hussan felt the slender woman's shivering and knew he should try and reassure her. Hell, she didn't even know that he was her fiance! He almost laughed when he remembered her calling him hairy and knew that was from the earlier photographs of him out in the field during the civil war. There had been no official portraits since then so people outside of Silaria didn't know what he looked like anymore. He didn't have the time to sit around for a photographer nor did he want to waste the peoples' money on official pictures when there was so much more that needed to be done and better places to spend their tax dollars. Every cent was to be used on repairing the roads, building new schools and educating his people. The civil war had caused a great deal of damage and, although his country was not poor by anyone's standards, they were troubled by a broken infrastructure that would still take years to build up to former levels of efficiency.

This marriage celebration would need to be somewhat elaborate though. He knew that his people had been working hard for years and they needed something to celebrate. As much as it would pain him, he would allow celebrations, as long as they didn't go too far. The woman beside him would have to be controlled so she didn't cause damage, but after seeing her out in the night, sewing up his wound and knowing that her team helped so many others in the same way, he knew that she had more inside of her that the superficial women who had previously been offered to him by other leaders and powerful men. She would be an asset to his reign and help him re-build the country.

How he was going to get her on his side was a whole other issue. She obviously had heard some pretty horrible things about him and the people inside the country. Perhaps a country wide tour would be a good start to their marriage. It would give everyone a chance to see their new queen and give him a reason to both embrace the celebration and make sure that the money being channeled through the villages for repairs was actually getting to them.

He sighed and looked down at her lovely face, noticed the tears she was fiercely fighting to keep from dropping from her lashes.

He didn't like the empty feeling he had as he watched her struggle with her fears. He should reassure her, make her feel welcome and show her that he wasn't just buying a pretty face. He knew that he'd wanted this particular woman ever since he'd first seen her wearing two different shoes at her brother's wedding. No, that wasn't quite true, he corrected in his mind. He'd wanted her as soon as he saw her trying not to laugh at the fact that she was wearing two different shoes at that event. She had a luscious figure and a beautiful face, but it was the way she'd handled that scene that had fixated her in his mind. Some women would have been embarrassed, or angry that he'd noticed. But she'd been fighting back laughter and that was a huge plus in his opinion. "We're here," he said softly but with a gruff voice.

Isla looked up and wondered where they were. "Why are we stopping here?" she asked as she took in the helipad and already prepared helicopter standing by.

He surveyed the scene, noting that all of his instructions had been followed. "We're flying the rest of the way."

She looked from the helicopter to the large man sitting next to her, confused by the situation. "But the border is only another half mile. Shouldn't we just drive?"

"The border is a half mile away. But the palace and the capital city is another three hours in a car. I don't have the time to drive all that way. We're flying to save time." He held out a hand to help her out of the vehicle, but she ignored it and stepped gracefully down onto the asphalt. He put a hand to the small of her back to lead her to the helicopter, irritated that she'd ignored his outstretched hand. He wanted to touch her, feel that soft skin and have her look to him as a man instead of a monster. Why that bothered him, he couldn't guess but it was there and he was reacting to it.

When they reached the helicopter, instead of waiting this time for her to accept his help, he lifted her up and placed her in one of the leather seats, ignoring the glare he suspected she was giving him for his assistance.

If he happened to have accidentally used her very cute, very round derriere as a lifting point, who could blame him?

He smiled to himself as she huffed about getting into the seat. He didn't even acknowledge her irritation at his assistance but he'd enjoyed it a great deal. He suspected he would 'assist' her in many other ways before this battle of wills was won. By him, of course.

He also thought it was amusing that she still didn't realize that he was El Hamin, her fiance. As he climbed into the helicopter and took his own seat next to her, he considered various ways to let her in on the horror that he was actually the one she was going to marry. He chuckled at ways to shock her but then thought it was probably better to just tell her. The amusement factor he might achieve for himself might be counterproductive in the long term.

But it was nice to think about. He'd been focusing so much on getting his country running and back to productivity, he hadn't realized how little amusement he'd had in his life recently. And how long it had been since he'd had a woman. That wasn't a good thought, he groaned. Especially with this beauty sitting so primly next to him, looking like his own very desirous siren. He'd have to be careful she didn't sway him to the rocks. He'd bet she could do a lot of damage if he let her.

Isla looked out the window, but she wasn't really seeing the landscape fly by below. She was terrified of what was to come, of how she was going to endure this marriage, or get out of it and the consequences if she tried to run. She knew she couldn't do that. It was her duty, but dammit, why did she have to be the one to sacrifice? Why couldn't Rashid have given Zarah to that disgusting man?

No, she'd never ask her sister to take her place. Zarah was sweet and innocent, and definitely too young to be married. She had several more years of freedom before she needed to think about the dire responsibility of marrying a man.

With a sigh that turned into a hiccup, she covered her mouth and tried to gain control of herself. She couldn't meet her future husband looking like this. She wiped her eyes, hoping that she didn't have mascara running down her cheeks.

"You wouldn't happen to have a mirror handy, would you?" she asked the annoying man sitting next to her.

He looked down at her with those dark, enigmatic eyes and shook his head. "I don't, but you look fine."

Fine? Isla bristled at the term. Couldn't he have said 'lovely' or 'beautiful' or even 'nice'? 'Fine' was so bland. She didn't want to look 'fine'. She wanted to look pretty. She didn't consider her looks to be her only asset. She had a brain and she was a quick thinker. She'd never let anyone get the best of her in an argument unless she was wrong. But she'd like to at least meet her future husband on terms better than 'fine'.

This obnoxious giant obviously wasn't married or he would know better than to use that kind of description for any female. She pinched her cheeks and fluffed her hair back into place. At least she hoped it was falling into place. Without a mirror, she had no idea what she might look like after being tumbled over this behemoth's back and trotted through the palace in such an undignified manner.

"Don't think I won't tell El Hamin how you treated me, by the way," she grumbled.

Hussan smothered his laughter. "Should I mention how you called him a monster? Or...what was that other term you used...." He pretended to think for a moment, rubbing his chin which Isla hated to admit was a very strong, very handsome jaw. It made him appear more intelligent than she suspected he actually was.

"Hairy?" he remembered and he enjoyed the soft blush that stained her lovely cheeks.

"The man is hairy," she growled. "Let's just leave both of those issues alone, shall we? It's a draw, I guess."

He chuckled softly as he watched her pout, thinking she was lovely even when admitting she was wrong. "I didn't know we were fighting."

Isla turned and glared at him. "Life is always a battle. Especially when it comes to the opposite genders."

He raised his eyebrow, wondering why she was so disparaging at such a young age. He might have expected something like that from a woman in her forties or fifties after a failed marriage or bitter divorce. But he knew Isla was only in her mid twenties. "That sounds like a cynical take on life. I wouldn't have expecting something like that from someone so fresh and lively."

Isla wasn't sure how to respond. Besides, they were getting closer to the palace and her fear was increasing. She tore her eyes away from the handsome but irritating man and focused on straightening her clothes for the man she was probably going to meet the moment they touched down on that helipad less than a mile away. The sun was bright on the palace and she could see the city surrounding the walls. There was a great deal of damage to some of the buildings, but she also saw people bustling about and construction work was everywhere. It was a thriving city and she didn't see signs of abuse. Normally, when people were neglected or tortured, they weren't out during the day. Frightened civilians did their daily activities at night when they had a better chance of not being hurt or discovered, questioned by the wrong person who might cart them off to jail.

This city wasn't like that. It was actually quite lovely despite the damage. There were trees growing in some areas and a fountain in the middle of the town. She only had a brief glimpse of that as they flew overhead but she saw people in markets and rushing around. As the helicopter flew lower in anticipation of landing inside the palace compound, she could see the faces more clearly. They were still far away, but Isla had the distinct impression that these people were happy. Relaxed even.

She glanced over at the man who was also looking out the window and she was startled by the look of intense pride on his face. She tried hard to pull her eyes away, not wanting to look at him and notice how attractive he was, but it was such an astounding expression, it struck something deep inside of her, sending her stomach quivering in an odd and not so comfortable fashion.

Unfortunately, he chose that moment to pull his eyes away from the city below and look at her instead. She was startled by the heat, the force of his gaze and she blushed once again. And those feelings in her stomach increased, making her feel peculiar and awkward.

The helicopter landed gently on the ground and several men rushed up to the machine, some with rifles ready, others holding papers close to their bodies so they wouldn't fly away with the wind of the rotors.

"We're here," Hussan said needlessly and touched Isla's arm to help her out of the seat. His hand briefly touched her waist when he unlatched her seat belt and he felt the shiver run through her. Hussan felt the tremor and looked into her eyes, telling her that he'd felt her reaction and wasn't going to ignore it. She turned her head away and he smiled slightly, not at all fooled by her attempt at being demure. He was glad she was now feeling something besides anger towards him because being near her like this, smelling her soft, pretty scent, was driving him crazy with the need to get her all to himself and show her just how much he wanted to touch her. Everywhere!

Isla held her breath as his hands unstrapped her seat belt. She could have done that just as easily herself, but the man seemed determined to touch her. Was he doing it just to irritate her? Or was he trying to embarrass her by showing that he had some sort of control over her body and how it reacted?

Isla looked around, startled by how efficient everyone looked. The guards were standing at attention but still surveying the area surrounding the helicopter landing pad. The others were also very industrious and she didn't understand why this man could attract so much attention and such deference. Why was the whole crowd vying for his attention? She even noticed some of the soldiers stand taller as this man approached.

The tall man beside her helped her out of the helicopter and, even as Isla tried to avoid it, he was able to touch her in small ways that bothered her. She wanted to step out of his reach, but he held her arm, then moved his hand to the small of her back as he led her through the guards.

As they approached the building, the helicopter rotors had slowed so the wind and noise had died down significantly. She heard the other men rushing towards him, all of them vying for his attention first, asking him questions, waiting for his guidance. He'd only been gone for the morning, hadn't he? Isla didn't understand why this man could be so important.

And then it hit her. The questions these men were asking, the way they treated him so deferentially, the guards, the helicopter....he wasn't some ruler's minion. He was the ruler!

She stumbled as the reality of her situation hit her and the tall man beside her stopped and caught her, looking at her without any expression since he was still answering questions fired at him from the left and right, never missing a beat and making decisions for everything that was presented to him.

She was looking up at him as she corrected her step, then nervously turned away so he couldn't see the confusion in her eyes. She'd thought he was just some sort of high level deputy coming to retrieve her for his leader's wedding but the man who had carried her out of her home like a sack of potatoes, who had watched her fight back tears throughout the helicopter ride and sat closely next to her while they drove, he was to be her husband!

She was so embarrassed, humiliated, to have said those things earlier in her future husband's presence. Thinking back, she realized that her brother had tried to warn her! He'd told her to stop, to cease because he knew that El Hamin was right behind her, watching her theatrics and hearing her call him a monster and a torturer.

What was she going to do? How could she smooth this over? Was he furious? He should be. As Sheik of Silaria, he had the power to lock her away and do anything he wanted to her. He might only be her fiance at the moment, but in their culture, that was almost the same as her husband. He had rights no man other than her brother ever had and he could hurt her, kill her even, if he wanted. And no one would ever know.

They were walking down a set of stairs and through hallways that were pock marked with bullet holes, some even had giant holes in them and she suspected that was damage from a bomb or a grenade during the recent, brutal civil war Silaria had endured.

By the time he stopped walking, she was shaking so hard she thought she might fall on her face because her knees wouldn't hold her up any longer. They walked into a room, everyone following and Hussan took it all in stride, his efficiency at answering all of their questions and giving guidance lost on Isla because she was just too nervous about what he might do to her in the very near future.

"Enough!" Hussan called out and with one look, everyone cleared out of the room.

Isla looked around, realized they were in a large office that definitely had seen better days. The enormous desk was filled with files, neatly stacked along the perimeter and another rough table behind the desk was also filled with files and rolls of papers which looked like architectural plans.

The chairs in the office had once been gorgeous leather seats but someone had taken a knife to each of them and they were now taped with rough duct tape so one could sit on them without the springs or stuffing coming out. Amazingly, they looked more comfortable than the hard, wooden chair that was behind the desk. Even the lights overhead were broken with bare bulbs showing in some of them and an old, metal desk lamp as the main source of light. The curtains were gone, the book shelves on one end of the room filled with yet more files and rolls. She wasn't sure what room this was, but it was barren and harsh.

"You're El Hamin," she said as soon as they were alone, her voice cracking with her nervousness.

"How did you figure that out?" he asked as he leaned against the desk and crossed his arms over that massive chest, the muscles in his arms actually showing through the fabric of his suit.

"I'm not an idiot," she snapped, and knew she should use a more deferential tone but something about this man just irritated her.

"I never thought that you were."

"So why did you try and fool me?"

He laughed softly and stood up, moving casually towards her while his eyes watched her features carefully. Hussan was trying to gauge her mood, but since he didn't know her well enough, he wasn't sure what her reaction to everything was at the moment. "How did I try and fool you? And when?"

Isla gritted her teeth. "That night in the village. You pretended to be just a guard or police officer."

"I didn't pretend to be anything. I was on a night raid. We were trying to capture the weapons dealers. The same group of felons that your team was trying to work around. It was a successful night, mostly because of your group, by the way. Thank you for your tender ministrations as well." He was standing over her now, not giving her any room to breathe.

"If I'd known who you were, I wouldn't have helped."

He watched her for a moment, then shook his head. "I don't think that's true."

She bristled at his confident tone and tried to step back, but a piece of solid furniture was blocking her, keeping her in place. "Why not? You don't think I'm capable of the same kind of cruelty that you use on your subjects?"

He raised an eyebrow at her comment, but shook his head. "I think you're a very soft hearted woman who would help anyone that needed your assistance, regardless of their political or criminal affiliation."

She squirmed at his response, wishing that she could claim that she chose sides just to contradict him. But the truth was, her whole team was selected because of their lack of political associations. She had created a team that helped anyone in need as best they could. There was too much violence in the world and she wanted to make a difference.

Her chin jutted out in defiance of his assumptions. "I'm not soft hearted."

He smiled slightly. "Just soft, right?"

She didn't like that description either. "I'm definitely not soft!"

He reached out and touched her cheek, his finger running down the unblemished skin gently. "You feel very soft to me."

She tried to pull away, but for some reason, her body wasn't obeying her mind's commands to retreat. She stood there, transfixed by this touch and by his eyes that were looking down at her, telling her something she didn't fully understand.

"I'm tough," she contradicted.

He smiled slightly. "Let's find out how tough you really are," he said and his head bent, slowly coming towards her with a strange look in his eyes.

She gasped and reached up, putting a hand to the middle of his chest to stop his forward momentum. "What are you going to do?"

He leaned down even more, her hand not stopping him in any way, but he was amused by her attempt. "I'm going to kiss you, Isla."

"I'd rather you not do that," she said and pulled back.

Hussan shook his head and put his hands on her waist, pulling her forward but keeping some distance from her body. "It's going to happen. Enjoy it."

She shook her head frantically, her fear of this man increasing exponentially. He didn't obey the rules, he was too large, and there was something about his closeness that was making her stomach do that quivery thing that she didn't like. "I won't! I won't enjoy it at all."

He smiled again and shrugged one shoulder. "I guess I'll just have to risk your wrath again, won't I?"

Isla was going to say something else, but he covered her mouth with his, stopping her next protest. He was gentle at first, teasing and tempting her to participate. Her gasp of surprise gave him exactly the entrance he needed and he took full advantage. His tongue slipped inside her mouth, taunting her to participate with the kiss, to imitate him when he touched her.

Isla stood in this man's arms, her whole body shaking from her reaction to his kiss, the way he was kissing her. It made her feel....decadent! She didn't like that feeling but there was nothing she could do. When his tongue touched hers, she tried to pull back but his hand came up to the back of her head to hold her still. The next time he invaded, she tried to push his tongue out with hers and the electricity that shot through her body when he did it again and again, their mouths battling, was the most electrifying, terrifying and exhilarating moment of her whole life.

Her hands, which had been fisted by her sides, were now clinging to his jacket, wrinkling the material as she held on for dear life while he invaded her mouth and her mind with the things he was doing, just with his mouth and his tongue! She tilted her head up to get more, to taste him better and get that feeling once again. The more she kissed him, the stronger that feeling became until she thought she might explode with the frustration that was building inside her.

Hussan lifted his head and looked down at the budding beauty in his arms. She probably didn't even realize that she'd moved against him, that she was holding him like this. He was trying to control the lust surging through his body for this woman who had the smallest waist but was perfectly shaped in all the other areas. She wasn't helping him maintain control though. As he watched, her eyes were still closed and she took a deep, shuddering breath as she absorbed the sensations he'd given her with that kiss.

She was sexy and beautiful and, from the way she'd started off that kiss, she was also painfully inexperienced. He doubted she'd ever even been kissed before. She was all his, he thought with relish and anticipation.

How he was going to control himself until the wedding was beyond him, but he'd do it somehow.

"We'll be married next week. Your brother and sister may come, but the celebration will need to be small and low key. I'll talk to my advisors and there will need to be a public announcement and a parade, but nothing too elaborate."

Isla's eyes snapped open and she looked up into the hard, demanding eyes of the man who had just kissed her so tenderly and sweetly. Where had that man gone? Why had this tyrant come back?

She looked down and realized that her hands were still gripping the lapels of this suit. She quickly released them and stepped back, almost tripping in her eagerness to get away from him.

His words slowly started to penetrate her fogged mind and she bit her lower lip. What had he said about the wedding? Low key? No problem. "Next week?" she gasped.

"Your brother was married within a day of bringing his fiancee back. I'm giving you ample time. There's no need for anything lavish. It will be very small with pictures sent to the press the next day to avoid any kind of pressure."

"But won't your people want to celebrate with you? Isn't this what they've been waiting for?" she asked.

He quickly shook his head and moved back to his desk. "Yes. They deserve to celebrate our nuptials, but we still need to keep it contained. They need a celebration, something to break the monotony of daily life but they also need roads and hospitals. We can have a parade because I'm finally getting married, but it needs to remain simple." He was sifting through the files on his desk and found the one he was looking for, bringing it to her. "Here is a list of the issues we're facing. This should give you a better idea of why we're not having an elaborate wedding." He glanced at his watch then. "I have a meeting. I'll see you at dinner."

A moment later, Isla was standing alone in the barren office, her body still shaking from reaction as she held the file he'd placed in her numb fingers.

What had she gotten herself into? Or more specifically, what had Rashid tossed her into? This palace was nothing like what she was expecting, the man himself definitely wasn't what she was prepared for and the people she'd seen were not what she'd known in the border villages.

Had she jumped into the rabbit hole at some point in the last few hours?

She walked out of the office in a slight daze and found two guards standing sentry outside the door. "Could you tell me where I might find my quarters?" she asked politely.

Both men bowed. "This way, Your Highness," one of them said and turned on his heel. The second man fell in behind her and Isla wondered if they were here to protect her from people coming into the palace, or if they were here to keep her from leaving the palace. It suddenly occurred to her that Hussan knew that she slipped out of Rashid's palace whenever she wanted, but he didn't know how she'd done it. Nor had he asked her, she thought. That was a curious point. One she'd have to ask him about in the future, once she knew him a little better. She didn't dare mention it now, not sure what his reaction might be.

She vowed she'd never give up her work, knowing that too many people suffered from violence in this world. She could make a difference, she knew. She'd just have to figure out a way to sneak out of this palace, just like she'd done for the past several years.

Or would the security surrounding her be more intense than what she was used to at home? She'd be the mother of the future ruler of Silaria. Maybe she'd have more diligent guards? If the two men surrounding her were any indication, she might be in trouble.

She'd find a way though. Things generally had a way of working themselves out. At least, that's what she was going with today. Anything else was just too terrifying to consider.

The man led her through long, elaborate hallways that at one time had been beautiful with elaborate designs and mosaics. Now, the pictures that had been there previously were torn up or bullet marked. Isla thought it was a shame to have such beautiful history desecrated in such a way, but she understood why Hussan hadn't spent the money or time to fix these hallways. He was right about the people needing roads and infrastructure first. In fact, a part of her, only a small part though, actually admired the man for his selflessness in trying to fix the country's infrastructure before seeing to the creature comforts of the palace.

The room to which she was led was actually one of the most beautiful she'd ever seen. It was elaborately decorated with wispy curtains that screened out the worst of the light from enormous windows that allowed one to look out into a quaint little courtyard that was filled with flowers and pretty trees shading a lovely little fountain. The bathroom had all of the latest amenities but with what looked like solid gold faucets on the sinks and in the shower area. The bathroom even included an enormous sunken bathtub larger than she'd ever seen in her life. She'd lived in luxury since her birth, but this truly was lovely. Even the large, round bed was covered in fluffy pillows and a comforter that looked to be down filled and puffed up about a foot.

Despite herself, she was impressed. But as she looked around, she had no idea what to do. She had no clothes so she couldn't unpack. She had no makeup so she couldn't freshen up and look more presentable. She didn't even have a book to read that would occupy her time.

"I'm not staying here like a prisoner," she snapped to the empty room. She tossed the file down onto the bed and turned around, heading right back for her body guards. She found both of them outside of the suite they'd led her to, standing at attention of course.

"I'm sorry, but I don't really know what to do with myself at the moment. This change has all been extremely sudden so I'm a bit out of my element. Could either of you take me on a tour of the city? Just so I can get to know the area and see what Silaria is like? " she asked carefully and with a smile. She hated being bored and couldn't stand inactivity. She needed to get out and do something and the best way, in her mind, was to see what needed to be done.

Both of them looked at the other, then one reached behind him. Isla was initially alarmed that he was about to pull a gun and force her back into her room, but he pulled out a radio and pressed a button, speaking into the receiver. He quickly relayed the question to what Isla assumed was his commander.

Apparently, she received permission and the two men nodded back to her. "This way," the older one said. He was very serious about the mission, looking grim at the possibility of something happening but he was willing, which was a very nice surprise. She had to give the guard credit for a spur of the moment request like this. She knew the dangers he was facing but considered them to be minimal at the current time since not many people knew that she was even in the country, and even fewer might suspect her future role with Hussan.

Good grief, even she wasn't sure she believed what her future role would be.

It had been a confusing day, she thought with a sigh.

Isla followed them through the hallways once again and was surprised when she was led through an exit and then right into a large, black SUV. There were actually three of them and she was led to the first one. She climbed into the back of the truck and made herself comfortable, wondering what she was going to see. She braced herself for the worst, but remembered the sights from the helicopter. Hopefully, she was wrong about her impressions. But how could she be? Too often, she'd tended to those who had been having problems with the local authority figures, most of whom weren't legitimate officers but simply thugs who had taken over in the power vacuum.

Unbidden, Isla's mind tripped to the picture of Hussan as a sort of superhero who flies out of the sky and knocks the thugs out of the picture. She shook her head, wondering where that crazy idea had come from. One kiss and she was smitten? Not by a long shot! The man might not be as ugly as she'd thought, or as bad as the older pictures portrayed him to be, but that didn't mean she liked him. Or that he wasn't one of the bad guys. Lucifer was supposed to be a lovely chap, but there wasn't any getting around the fact that he was the devil.

Although, she had to admit that the man knew how to kiss.

She put her forehead in her palm in order to hide her face, wishing she could stop the blush that formed on her cheeks just at the memory of how that kiss had affected her body. Dammit, she wished she'd never done that. Or at a minimum, she wished she could stop her reaction to his touch or his kiss.

As they drove through the city, she noticed the same thing she'd seen from the air. Everyone was working hard, some were laughing, many people cleaning up, but there was a general sense of diligence with everyone milling about and going around the city, efficiently doing their business. "Can you take me to a school?" she asked. The schools were the heart of a country's future. She'd seen the conditions of a few schools, but they weren't the main focus of her team's work. She tried very hard to stay out of politics, but now that she was going to marry the man, or so he says since she still hadn't wrapped her mind around that nightmare, she wanted to see what was happening inside the schools in the capital city.

The body guards looked back at her with their blank stares which probably meant that they thought she'd just made a crazy request, then respectfully nodded once again. She wasn't sure if they were reluctant to drive her to her desired location, or just doing what she asked because they had absolutely no expression on their faces while she asked, nor when they replied.

She was driven to the nearest grade school and told to wait in the car. One of the guards entered the school with menacing strides and a moment later, what Isla assumed was the school administrator came rushing out of the building, the guard behind her looking to his right and left as if he were constantly scanning the perimeter.

As the administrator approached, Isla assumed that it was safe to get out of the vehicle. Since no one stopped her as she reached for the door handle, she took that to mean she was okay to proceed. Isla stepped out of the truck and greeted the woman warmly.

The administrator was in her mid fifties with salt and pepper hair, sparkling brown eyes and a grandmotherly figure that was encased in a loose fitting, all black dress with almost no accessories. There were small, pearl earrings on her earlobes, but the softening effect was negated with her no-nonsense, robber soled shoes. "Your Highness! This is such an honor. We had no idea you would be arriving today. Goodness! We didn't even know that our Sheik was getting married so this is so exciting! Very exciting, indeed!" the woman gushed.

Isla took the woman's hand, lifting her up when she tried to awkwardly curtsy. "Please don't be alarmed. And if this is a bad time, I can appreciate your busy schedule. The children's schedule and education are much more important than my unannounced visit. This was a spur of the moment trip and I just wanted to see what the people were up to. But I don't want to disrupt the children's schedule so please let me know if this time is inconvenient."

The administrator quickly shook her head, one hand moving to her throat while the other waved in front of her to allay Isla's fears. "Goodness! Of course you can come in and see what we're doing. We're honored by your presence and thrilled to have you interested in what we do here! The kids will have a fabulous story to tell for the rest of their lives because of your visit!" The woman was so flustered Isla had to work hard to help her calm down. As they moved slowly into the building, Isla asked about the curriculum, the number of students that attended, the school year and anything else that would put the administrator at ease. The woman was knowledgeable and proud of her school, singing the praises of El-Hamin. Unfortunately, hearing good things about the man she hated wasn't what she was hoping to hear.

And she felt horrible about that! The kids should come first, and finding bad things to throw at Hussan should come secondary. She had to give him credit because the school looked well kept and, although there had at one point been severe damage to the building, the walls and fences had already been repaired and only an experienced eye could see the damage.

She sat down in the back of one of the classrooms, hoping she wouldn't disturb the teacher too much. She watched as the teacher helped the kids through some math problems and was impressed with how encouraging the woman was. Isla had always loved school, but until she'd gone away to finishing school, she'd had private tutors for her schooling who had given her and her siblings one on one instruction. That made for much easier lesson plans and when the instruction wasn't getting through to them, the teacher instantly knew it and changed the explanation so that it was absorbed. This woman seemed to be teaching fifty students at various ages and skill levels, and she was doing a pretty good job at it.

Isla moved out of that classroom and into another where a younger teacher was working on a craft project with the smaller kids. This classroom was definitely out of control and the administrator knew it, was worried about the impression Isla would have. Isla leaned over to the administrator and shook her head to try and put the administrator at ease. "Don't worry. I'm not here to judge. I'm here to help. What if I took half of these children and read to them while the teacher worked with the others?"

The administrator was obviously conflicted. She didn't want to impose, but how was she to say no to her future queen?

"Anything you'd like, Your Highness," she finally said, bowing slightly but the worried look on her face remained.

"Thank you. This is a very hard group to teach and it looks like this instructor has her hands full with a larger than normal class size." She looked around at all the children who were eager and excited about the project, which was definitely a good sign. "I'll talk to Hussan and see if there's any way t add some funds so you can have additional teaching staff."

The lady seemed relieved, and more than a small bit grateful. "That would be wonderful!"

"Don't get too excited," Isla warned. "I don't know my future husband very well, but he seems like a reasonable man. There could be other priorities."

She nodded and smiled broadly. "I completely agree. It's just very nice to know that there are advocates out there who understand the importance of education."

Isla walked over to the bookshelf and chose one of the colorful stories. It was a well used book with the spine starting to collapse. She wondered how many years this book had been in use, but knew that it was also a favorite of hers. She mentally added a box of books to her ideas for helping out this school. There were probably so many more schools that needed the same thing, so perhaps this was one area she could make a difference.

The administrator was moving up to the front of the class, the teacher throwing her a worried look of panic. But Isla smiled warmly and pulled up one of the small chairs and perched down on it. While the teacher gratefully rounded up about half the class, the other children looked on eagerly.

There was a great deal of chaos initially, but soon the children settled down and some worked the craft project which would help them with their motor skills and eventually with their writing, while Isla read to the other half out of the storybook. The children were darlings and sat enraptured by the story while she read. Isla made sure to change her voice during each of the characters and had the children laughing when she growled like the lion or cackled like the witch. The thought occurred to her that, at some point in the very near future, she might be reading this very story to her own children.

Goodness, that thought led to images of how those children would be conceived and she stumbled through the page she was reading as her mind snapped back to that kiss, and what might happen immediately after the wedding ceremony. She didn't want Hussan to touch her in that way, did she? Then why did her stomach flip like that and her whole body tingle with excitement?

To distract herself from the thought of what Hussan might look like naked, she picked up another book while the teacher worked with the first half of the group, switching off with the project to the reading group, all the while, the administrator looking on with glee the whole time.

What that administrator didn't realize was that Isla was having trouble thinking of things other than Hussan touching her with his large, strong hands. Thoughts of him kissing her, not just on her mouth but doing things she'd read about in other books, wondering what it would be like for him to touch her with his mouth in those other areas. Her fingers actually shook as she turned the page but thankfully the children were too absorbed with the story to understand and the administrator couldn't see Isla's face, so she didn't notice the telling blush that turned her cheeks a painful shade of red.

The school bell rang and the children excitedly herded out of the classrooms but several stayed behind, all wanting to shake Isla's hand and talk to her. Isla took her time, greeting each of the children and staff members, asking their names, what their parents did or how their spouses were employed. It was a good way to get an idea of the local economy. She tried hard to remember everyone's name, but by the end of the impromptu meet and greet, she knew she'd only remember a few of the names and faces.

She was procrastinating, she thought with resignation. She didn't want to go back to the palace. She was afraid for two different reasons but the first one was most prominent in her mind. On one level, she wondered if Hussan would be angry with her for leaving the palace without his direct permission but that issue was minor compared to the idea of what her mind had been conjuring up during that story time. Children, and the way they were conceived, was uppermost in her worried mind. She wanted children, but didn't want Hussan. She didn't want him to kiss her like that and make her feel out of control. She didn't want to find someone like him attractive.

When all of the kids had left, Isla rounded up her security guards and left, waving to the group of teachers who were congregating out in the school yard. "That was fun, wasn't it?" she asked to the security guard in the front seat. "Where can we go visit now?" she asked, not wanting to go back to the palace. She didn't want to see Hussan especially with her mind going in directions that were better left alone. Normally, Isla preferred to face her problems head on and resolve them but Hussan was a completely different beast. She didn't know how to face him, much less resolve the problems she had with him. The man terrified her.

The body guard looked back at her through the rear view mirror and nodded his head, but didn't say anything. Isla sighed, wondering if these men ever took a break from their discipline. She suspected that the spur-of-the-moment assembly hadn't been fun or entertaining for any of them but she still smiled as if she'd done something good today despite her thoughts of children and Hussan.

They didn't ask her where she wanted to go next, but immediately took her back to the palace where they could more easily ensure her safety. Isla didn't bother to ask if she could drive around the city any more. She suspected that she would be greeted with stoic faces and a negative reply. She sat back against the leather seats and concentrated on her moment of accomplishment instead of the man waiting back at the palace who was probably furious with her. On wobbly legs, she walked back inside the palace and the guards led her directly to the office she'd been in earlier that day. She didn't ask, and wasn't told why. But as soon as the door closed behind her, her happiness over the school visit evaporated and her nervousness returned.

Inside, she was alone once again, staring at the torn leather chairs and wondering what this room was used for. When Hussan walked in, she was surprised to find him angry.

He walked right up to her, surprising her so much by his outburst that she jumped and reached behind her for the large chair to steady her balance. "Where the hell have you been for the past several hours?" he demanded, stopping only when he was less than an inch from her and staring down into her expressive brown eyes.

She was so stunned, she didn't have time to figure out why he was so angry. But his anger sparked her own temper and she straightened her shoulders, coming right back at him with all she had. "I wasn't here so what do you care?" she snapped back at him.

Hussan took a deep breath and tried to calm down his raging temper. He'd never been this angry before and couldn't believe that this tiny, angry woman could make him feel so out of control. He'd inquired about her activities about an hour ago and just about tore off a door when he blasted through it after hearing that his fiancee was out visiting the city, even traipsing through a school yard. "I care because you will be my wife. You didn't ask to leave the palace and my guards told me you were out driving. I'll ask again, where did you go?"

Isla was fed up. It had been a horrible day and she was tired of being pushed around by this man. Only a half hour ago, she'd felt as if she'd done something good in the world and here he was, standing there yelling at her as if she were some sort of recalcitrant child! There was no way she was putting up with that kind of treatment!

His fury instantly banished her nervousness and she was grateful for that release. She didn't care how big or tall he was, she wasn't going to take it from him. Poking him in the middle of the chest, she leaned forward to emphasize her point. "I went out. If you needed something from me, you failed to express that before you stormed out on me during our last irritating interlude."

The fact that she was calling their kiss irritating just increased his ire. He pointed his finger towards the floor to emphasize his point. "Isla, you don't leave this building unless you have my express permission! Do you understand me?"

She squared off. "I understand you're being ridiculous! I refuse to clear my daily schedule with you of all people." Not that she actually had a daily schedule she thought in the back of her mind. But that was besides the point! She wasn't going to be a prisoner here in his palace. He was placing ridiculous restrictions on her for no reason.

He took several deep breaths in order to calm himself down. How she could rile him so quickly was beyond his understanding, but he was putting a stop to her spontaneous departures. There were too many people out there who wanted to hurt him and they weren't above snatching her in order to do that. His mind shuddered at what could happen to her if his enemies got hold of her. "Me of all people is now your lord and master," he said, gone was the blatant fury but it was replaced with something even more dangerous. His tone was more terrifying when it went low and growly like this. "And I will know where you're going or I will ensure that you don't sit down for a week to ensure that you don't go anywhere!"

She gasped at his threat, outraged all over again. "Are you threatening to spank me?"

The smile that turned up his mouth wasn't amusement, but something much more sinister. "I will do whatever is appropriate. If you act like a child, then you will be treated like one."

She gasped in her fury and balled her fists by her side. "And you think I'm acting like a child simply because I won't tell you where I spent the last several hours?"

"Yes!"

"Well..." she couldn't even fathom what she could say to that and was so dumbfounded that she was actually speechless. "Go to hell!" she spat out, and was instantly ashamed that she'd resorted to foul language. She'd always considered the use of those kinds of words the result of a lazy vocabulary and she strove to be articulate and precise. But this man just brought out the worst in her!

He stopped and looked down at her, actually coming closer so she had to step back. He did it again and again, moving slowly forward until she was pressed back against the wall behind her and her mouth went dry at the fury in his eyes. She'd forgotten all of the things she knew he did to people, all the horrible, cruel torture. Was she about to be thrown into a prison? What kind of pain could he give out to her that wouldn't show up at her wedding?

In the end, he didn't toss her into jail, nor did he spank her. But the final action was just as terrifying in some ways. When he jerked her into his arms and lifted her high, possessing her mouth with his while his fingers slid into her hair, pulling her head back so he could deepen the kiss, she was stunned. And the reaction that came upon her at that moment was so intense, she couldn't stop the wave of desire that slammed through her. She kissed him back, pushing against him just as he pressed her harder against the wall. She felt his hands on her hips, which then slid sensuously downward towards her bottom, she had no idea what he was doing. When he pulled her right knee higher, then her left knee while his opposite hand held her in place and then he pressed his erection against her softness, she didn't even care about the lessons in propriety that had been drilled into her from such a young age. The sumptuous pressure was so perfect, so intense and she pressed herself against him, shifting ever so slightly so that she could feel that spark, that strange and glorious feeling once more. Then again she moved. Over and over again she pressed the lower half of her body against his groin, thrilled with the magic that he was doing to her while her hands tangled in his hair and pulled him closer so she could kiss him back.

He pulled his mouth away and she whimpered, but when she felt his mouth on her neck, biting and kissing her there, nibbling on her ear lobe, she didn't care any longer and she kept on shifting, feeling that intensity creep higher and higher.

She couldn't believe how much she needed this man, this movement. It was an ache inside of her, creeping higher, gaining in intensity. She pushed against him, pressed herself, shifted and moved. And then, in a sudden flash of bright lights, her body splintered apart. Her arms were wrapped around his neck, her body felt like it was all light and sound and every cell in her body just throbbed as pleasure stole through every muscle she had.

When she opened her eyes several minutes later, the sunlight coming into the room made her blink and her whole body felt weak. She looked up at Hussan, confused. "What just happened?" she whispered.

He was holding her against him, her legs still wrapped around his waist with both of his hands on her very soft bottom while he held her in place. "I believe you just had your first orgasm with a man," he whispered softly and kissed her neck.

Isla gasped and pushed her hands against his shoulders. He let her legs drop down but kept his hold on her waist and she was glad for that, since her legs didn't seem to want to hold her up. When she finally ordered them to stop wobbling, she pushed away from him, running her fingers through her hair, then again when she realized that her hair was now a mass of tangles. Had he done that to her? Just another issue to be angry with him about, she thought, adding that to her list.

"I need to go," she whispered and blushed when her voice cracked and she had to steady herself with the wall behind her so she didn't fall on the floor.

Hussan watched in fascination as she recovered herself from her first onslaught of passion and his body ached to see it one more time. And even more so, he wanted to bury himself into her softness and feel her climax while he was inside her. He wanted her throbbing around him as she climaxed and not while they both had all of their clothes on.

He shook his head and looked around. He was in his office, anyone could walk through the door to ask him a question or give him information and all he could think about was tearing off her clothes and laying her on top of his desk to make love to her. He cleared his throat and shook his head once again to try and clear his mind. "You still haven't answered my question," he said, grabbing her hand to keep her from leaving his office.

Isla was fighting back tears of embarrassment and couldn't even look up at him when he spoke. "Please. Just..." she shook her head and twisted her hand out of his grasp. When she was free, she hurried out of the room, running down the hallway to the relative safety and security of her room. Or at least the room to which she'd been shown earlier.

There, she crawled onto the large bed and buried her face in the pillows, uncaring that her makeup would be smeared and her eyes all puffy. She couldn't believe what a horrible day she'd had. Her whole world had been turned upside down by a man who infuriated and confused her. She didn't know where to turn and had no one with whom she could ask any advice. She wanted to crawl into a hole and hide for the rest of her life, unsure how she could face that man after what had happened in the office minutes ago.

Hasan watched as his woman ran away from him. He was still hard and aching for her, and not just for sex. He painfully wanted to hold her and tell her that what she'd just experienced was beautiful and sexy and definitely nothing to be ashamed of. But something told him that going after her now would only make things worse. He'd give her a little time to get used to the idea of the passion they shared before talking to her again. They were definitely going to talk though. He liked the fact that anytime they touched, they seemed to go up in flames with each other. He'd been expecting the opposite, but was sincerely glad that she wasn't a beautiful, yet frigid woman.

Yes, she'd make him the perfect wife in all ways.

Chapter 4

That woman was going to drive him insane!

He couldn't believe that he could oust a violent dictator, quell a rebellion, rebuild his country and yet he couldn't even get his fiancee to meet him for dinner. He'd sent word that dinner would be at eight o'clock sharp. But when he'd walked into the dining room, he was alone. He'd sent a servant to bring her to dinner and the servant returned ten minutes later with the news that his fiancee wasn't hungry but to go ahead without her.

He damn well would eat his dinner with her across the table from him! "Have dinner served in her rooms then," he snapped to the servant who was standing by nervously after relaying the information.

Hussan glared at anyone, servant or advisor, standing between him and his recalcitrant fiancee. Seeing the furious expression on his face, all of them quickly moved out of his way, pressing against the sides of the hallways to make room while his long, muscular legs ate up the distance.

Running away earlier in the afternoon was one thing. But hiding in her room for the rest of their marriage was definitely not going to happen. He wanted her at his dinner table, presiding over their meals and their children and anything else that came up. They needed to get to know each other and she was just being ridiculous by this latest act of defiance against him. Worse, this was a more public rebellion that he refused to accept.

He didn't even knock when he entered her room moments later but his eyes swept through the area, hunting her down as if she were one of his prey. When he didn't see her immediately, his mind instantly started to assume that she'd gone outside of the palace once again just to defy him as retribution for their earlier argument.

But his eyes did one more, quick sweep of the area and he found her in one of the darker corners of the lush courtyard, sitting on a stone bench looking up into the night sky. What she was looking at, he didn't know or care. All he was concerned about was that he'd finally found her. He was hungry as well, both for food and for her.

"You're late for dinner," he said as he stepped out of the bedroom and into her courtyard. "I don't like waiting for my meals."

Isla stood up so suddenly her head started spinning. That might also be because her breakfast had been interrupted by the news that she was to be married and she hadn't had the stomach for lunch. She was hungry, but had thought to slip out later in the night once the palace had quieted to find something to eat.

She definitely didn't want to eat with Hussan so finding him standing here, in her bedroom, looking so handsome and male and overwhelming made her heart race and her knees do that wobbly thing once again. "Please leave!" she snapped back at him and turned to the side so he couldn't see her expression. She didn't want him to notice that she was actually afraid of him.

Or was she more afraid of herself? She wasn't sure, but having him here in her bedroom was making her heart race in a crazy fashion.

He walked closer to her, seeing her nervousness but not caring. He was furious that she would disobey him and still riding hard on the lust she'd generated in him earlier in the afternoon. His mind kept thinking about her face as she'd experienced her first orgasm in his arms and fully clothed no less, and he couldn't stop imagining what she will look like when they were naked and he was deep inside her, giving her his body while she climaxed around him. That image had broken through his concentration throughout so many meetings during the afternoon and he was furious with his lack of discipline.

"When I send word that I'm expecting you at a certain time in a specific place, I will not be disobeyed," he replied, walking towards her and trapping her in the corner of the courtyard. Even in the dim light from the bedroom and the sparse light from the moon, he could see the terror on her lovely face. He knew that her fear wasn't for anything he might do to hurt her but what he could make her feel. And that made his body react, quick and painfully.

"I'm not hungry," she stammered out and pressed herself against the wall again.

"I didn't ask if you were hungry."

She looked to the side, down to the ground, anywhere but at him because he looked so wonderful. His white dress shirt was unbuttoned at the neck and she could see his dark skin with just a hint of black hair peeking out from the V where the fabric hadn't been closed. "I don't want to eat with you." She swallowed painfully, a lump stuck in her throat that she couldn't seem to dislodge.

"I didn't ask if you wanted to eat. And since I'm in charge here, I can only assume that you staying here in your bedroom was an invitation for me to come here instead of us eating in the dining room. I'm touched," he said and reached out to caress her cheek.

She avoided his hand, but just barely. "I didn't invite you here! You have to leave."

He shook his head and moved closer. "No. I don't have to do anything. You see, I command you. Not the other way around." His voice was soft, but very firm.

"You don't own me!"

"Tsk tsk, my dear. You're really going about this whole thing the wrong way. You should be trying to tempt me into your bed and show me how willing you are to be my wife. Wives should always be excited to be with their husbands."

She tried to step around him but he blocked her escape with a strong arm planted firmly against the courtyard wall behind her. "I don't want to be your wife and there's nothing you can do to change that fact!" She was trying very hard to not scream out, keeping her voice low and firm so that he knew that she wasn't just being arbitrary but truly didn't want this marriage to happen.

He chuckled. "Ah, but you see, I very much want to be your husband, to touch you and feel you." His hand cam up and a finger slid softly down her bare arm, sending shivers along her skin and her mind whirled, her thoughts scattering just as they had earlier in the day. Both times he'd held her in his arms, he had been able to make her do things that were crazy and out of character.

"You're not my husband!" she cried out, desperate to get away from him because even now, her body wanted to sway towards him and relive that feeling she'd experienced earlier today. She felt betrayed by her own skin, her mind telling her to run and fight this man while every other part of her wanted to melt into him and taste him, feel his body as close to hers as possible.

"I will soon be your husband. You need to accept that." He watched the goose bumps form on her skin as his fingers moved back up her arm, softly caressing her neck and the delicate shell of her ear. "Perhaps we should move up the wedding date. I don't think I'm going to make it another week without having you in my bed."

She thought frantically, trying to come up with some way to gain a reprieve. She couldn't marry this man in less than a week. She had to figure out what to do, how to handle this situation. "No!" She wanted to be more articulate, to give him valid reasons to keep their wedding date set for the following week but his touch was making her mind turn to mush.

His fingers moved down her arm, watching with fascination as the goose bumps appeared along her skin following his fingers wherever they went. "Why not? We both want this. Why torture ourselves with waiting?"

"Because I don't want this! I really don't!"

"Your body is telling me differently." He looked down into her scared eyes and thought about backing off, but he'd done that earlier today and she'd retreated too far. Maybe it was time for him to show her that things didn't have to be so contentious. "Let me show you that this can be much more enjoyable than earlier today. What you experienced in my office this afternoon was only a precursor to how good we can make each other feel."

"No!" she gasped, terrified of how alluring his words were. How could their actions feel better? This afternoon had been mind-boggling, how was she to endure anything more intense? "Please. Just give me time to work this through in my mind." She was struggling, but her plea seemed to trigger something in him, slowing down his fingers as they trailed along her arm.

Hussan dropped his hand and took a deep breath. "You really want a whole week to get used to the idea of marrying me?"

Isla frowned at his resigned tone of voice. It struck something deep inside of her, something she hadn't been aware of. A tenderness for his emotions and she was concerned that she might have hurt his feelings by needing the week.

"It isn't that I don't..." she stopped. What was she to say? She glanced up at him, worried about how to express herself. "We just don't....I can't...."

Hussan watched as she stammered out an explanation, amused and touched that she was trying to soothe what she considered his hurt pride when all he was thinking about was the bed behind him and getting her into it. She really was a strikingly beautiful woman and he had new evidence that she was just as lovely inside.

He would have to protect her, he thought. That kind of soft heart would get her hurt while living inside the palace. She didn't know the dangers lurking around every corner, all the political intrigue and the people who pretended loyalty towards him but actually had their own agendas. She would have to toughen up, or she'd be torn up by the cruelty of the people who came and went through the palace.

His mind started working out a compromise and he thought about it carefully, sifting through the details in his mind. He wanted her and she had the same reaction to him when he touched her, but she was scared. He suspected that she'd never experienced anything like what they had between each other. He had to accept that no other woman had made him feel this way either, but he was more experienced and knew what was to come. He wasn't afraid of it, in fact he wanted it very painfully.

"How about a compromise?" he suggested, wondering if he was actually insane for offering her something like what he was thinking. Was he such a masochist?

Isla crossed her arms over her stomach, her hands covering her bare arms as much as possible as if to protect herself from that soft, gentle touch from his fingers. "What did you have in mind?" she asked, not sure she actually wanted to know but not willing to live in fear either.

He pried her hand away from her arm and tucked it onto his arm, leading her out of the corner and back to the main area where his servants had already set up their evening meal. "How about if we sit down and eat, you ask me questions about whatever interests you, I'll ask you questions and we'll answer each other so that we get to know one another."

Isla looked up at him, uncertain about his proposition. There had to be more to it than that. He was in too good of a mood for it to be that simple. "And?" she prompted nervously.

He smiled, glad that she'd picked up on the fact that he wasn't telling her everything. Smart and beautiful. What a combination!

"And... you need to talk to me. I get to kiss you and you need to stop hiding from me." He watched her carefully, looking for signs that she would rebel at his suggestion.

She looked up at him carefully. "Just kiss?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. She waited tensely to hear if he would just kiss her, not sure if that's really what she wanted.

He smiled and moved closer, putting his hands on her waist. "I'll stop whenever you tell me I've gone too far."

She took a deep breath and shook her head. "I don't believe you will do that."

He chuckled and looked down into her wary eyes. "Why are you so skeptical?"

She bit her lip before she proceeded to say, "Because I doubt you would have stopped earlier today if I'd said no."

He smiled at her blush and his hand moved a bit higher on her body. "You didn't want me to stop this afternoon."

She wanted to pull herself out of his arms, but he held her firmly. "How do you know what I wanted?"

His firm lips quirked upwards, but she could tell that he was trying to hide his amusement. "Because I knew what was going on inside you and it wasn't simply pleasant. You were on fire, Isla." He stopped her protest by placing a finger over her lips. "If we're going to survive this marriage, you're going to have to be honest with me." He hesitated a moment before he continued by saying, "And honest with yourself."

She sighed and shook her head. "I can lie to myself all I want," she gritted out.

He laughed outright with that statement, then kissed the top of her head. "Okay, so you can lie to yourself if that makes you feel better. Just don't think that I'll believe your silly nonsense."

"So let me get this straight. You get to touch me and kiss me whenever you want, I have to attend all meals with you and answer your questions, you're apparently going to answer my questions as well."

He knew where she was going with this but played along. "That about sums it up. What's your answer?"

She shook her head and looked back up at him. "What do I get out of this?" she demanded.

He shrugged one of those massive shoulders. "You get the pleasure of my company, the excitement of kissing me back, you may feel free to touch me in any way that strikes your fancy and you get to know me better."

"But I don't want to touch you!" she lied. Even now, her hands wanted to smooth up his forearms, to feel the muscles that were revealed by the cuffs of his shirt that were rolled up. She wanted to place her hand over his heart and feel the rhythm, to find out if his heart raced when she touched him just like hers did when he touched her. But she kept her hands firmly on his hands, considering that to be a "safe" place to leave them. At least for the time being.

He shook his head and pulled her slightly closer. "You can lie to yourself, Isla. But don't lie to me."

She rolled her eyes. "What do you perceive I'm lying about now?"

"You want to touch me. You want to touch me so badly that your fingers are twitching against my hands. I can also see it in your eyes. So tell yourself whatever you need to. But keep it honest when it leaves those pretty lips of yours."

She snatched her hands away, keeping them by her side which she worried was a dangerous way to stand in his arms. At least with her hands on his, she could more easily and quickly reach up to push him back.

"As for what you get out of the agreement...I'll hold off on the wedding until next week as we'd originally planned..."

"As you had planned. There was no 'we' in the discussions," she interrupted.

He conceded her point with a slight smile. "As your brother and I agreed, the wedding date will remain next week, and you get to know me better."

"This sounds like a one-sided agreement. Why should I do this?"

He leaned closer and his lips nuzzled her neck. "Isla, you've got to accept that, one way or another, you're going to be in my bed. It's a matter of time but we can marry now, as strangers who want each other painfully, or we can do it as friends next week. Those are my concessions."

She shivered as his mouth found a sensitive spot on her neck and nibbled with his teeth. "That doesn't really sound very fair," she said, unaware that her voice was breathy and she actually tilted her head to the side to give him better access.

"Life isn't fair. Anyone who tried to tell you otherwise was lying," he said and moved to her ear lobe, giving it the same treatment.

Isla tried hard to get oxygen into her lungs but it was difficult when he was doing this to her ear and neck. She shivered, her hands unconsciously moving to his shoulders and her body pressing against his. She wasn't aware of anything except the way his mouth made her feel so she was startled when he lifted his head and stepped back.

"Let's eat," he said, confusing her because she'd completely forgotten that he'd come to her rooms to have dinner with her.

He turned and, with a nod, the servants were allowed into her bedroom to set out the food in the courtyard where they could eat out in the moonlight.

When they were once again alone, he sat down and poured her some wine. "Tell me what you used to do during the days when you lived in Tasain."

Isla sighed and leaned back in the comfortable, white iron chair with soft cushions to make the metal more comfortable, taking a long sip of her ice water to cool herself down. That interlude with Hussan so close had heated her up and fizzled her brain.

She needed to pull it together, to act just like he was doing and pretend that their intimacy of moments ago hadn't affected her like it had. "What do you want to know?" she asked, putting her water down and picking up her wine, hoping it might relax her somewhat.

He shrugged and asked her questions, which she answered vaguely, wondering why he wanted to know so much about her daily activities. Even though he'd seen her out on the streets of one of his villages, she still didn't want to talk about her secret team too much. They were hand selected for their skills and their discretion and she didn't want them hurt because she'd given away their identities to a man she didn't really trust.

The meal was adequate, but lacked any kind of creativity. She ate the healthy but bland food, wondering why a man in his position didn't have a better chef.

"Why is the palace in such disrepair?" she finally got up the nerve to ask.

He finished off his chicken, wiped his mouth with the linen napkin and leaned back in his chair before answering her. "Because there are too many other things to fix."

It was an abrupt answer, but she started to understand. "So why is this room so well decorated? And what's with the gold faucets and silk bed covers?" She blushed when his eyebrow went up at her mention of the bed. She felt like a puppet and he the master as he pulled her sexual tension strings so easily.

"Perhaps I wanted you in a bed covered in silks."

She couldn't maintain his gaze when he said things like that. Her mind completely shifted away from the bullet holes in the walls and murals to picturing herself naked in a silk clad bed, moving underneath him just as she'd done earlier in the morning. She looked away as her breathing increased, trying to pretend the image didn't affect her. "I suspect there is more to the story than what you're trying to gloss over."

"I can't imagine why you would think there's anything more significant than you being in a bed with me and silk. Your skin is better than silk," he said smoothly, his eyes moving away from her face and down her bare arms but she didn't know that since she refused to look back at him. He didn't mind at this point. Her lack of observation gave him the freedom to let his eyes move over her at his pleasure. He saw the small points under her sleeveless blouse and the blush that covered not only her cheeks but her throat and chest as well. He liked that about her, her inability to hide things like that from him.

"Are you going to tell me what's the significance or just torment me?"

"Why do you consider my words tormenting?" he asked softly. He was watching her eyes now, seeing the dark lashes laying delicately against her skin as she hid her eyes from him.

"Because you enjoy my discomfort."

"Why are you so uncomfortable when talking about sex?"

"We aren't talking about sex. We're talking about....other things. Sex is much more....clinical."

He chuckled and shook his head. "There won't be anything clinical about what we do in that bed once I get you there next week."

She took a deep breath and shook her head. "So what's on the agenda for tomorrow?"

He smiled slightly and looked over her across the small table. "Besides me trying to convince you to shorten our engagement?"

"Yes, besides you wasting your time with arguments that won't make any difference on how I feel."

He rubbed his lips with his thumb slightly, watching her carefully. "Who says I'll be arguing?"

She glanced up at him, confused. "You just said..." and then she understood.

His grin widened at her confusion and he leaned forward, resting his arms on the side of the table. "If you say words aren't effective, there are many other ways to show you that delaying the wedding might not be a good idea."

She stared at him for a long moment until his meaning sunk into her preoccupied mind. It was odd that she hadn't understood him instantly since her mind was in the same place as his. She nervously picked up her fork and played with the utensil, even though they'd finished their meal. She needed the fork only because she needed something to do with her hands as well as an excuse to avoid looking at him. Deciding that the current subject was too much of a mine field, she thought that changing the subject was the best plan of action instead of responding or arguing. "What are you doing tomorrow? Besides trying to convince me to move up the wedding?" she stated quickly.

He smiled, but accepted the change of subject and leaned back once again, relaxing against the colorful cushions. He mentioned several meetings, road inspections, a planning committee with the future hospital administrators and several other issues he had to deal with.

"That sounds like a very full day. When do you plan to sleep?"

He chuckled. "When I'm with you?"

Her breath was shaking once again. Why she was flustered by him suggesting they sleep together was a mystery. Perhaps because she suspected that he meant they wouldn't be doing much sleeping? "Not gonna happen," she finally said, only slightly breathless this time. Was she becoming inured to his teasing? Unfortunately, she knew he wasn't really teasing.

He shrugged. "I will continue to make my point until you give in."

She leaned forward, looking down at her plate and the remaining food, considering her next words carefully. Would he answer her? "What makes you so sure I'll give in?"

Hussan thought about telling her that she wanted to give in but she was just being stubborn at this point. But instead, he stood up and came around the table. With one swift move, he pulled her into his arms, absorbing her gasp of surprise in his own mouth as he quickly took possession. His tongue invaded, his hands moved against her lithe body and he didn't relent until he received the response he was looking for. When she sighed and leaned against him, her hands no longer pushing against his chest, he pulled back slightly and looked down at her, his point made unequivocally.

"I'm so sure you'll eventually give in because of what happens each time I touch you, Isla." When he saw the surprise in her eyes, he moved back to her, bending low and kissing her deeply.

He'd meant to just make his point and kiss her, then pull away and give her the space she needed in order to reconcile herself to their attraction. But she fought him once again, for all of three seconds before she was once again pliant, moving against him. She wasn't just participating in the kiss. She was demanding more and he was more than happy to comply. Her reaction continued to astound him and he found he couldn't pull away this time. She was here, she was more than willing and she felt too good in his arms to stop.

His hand slipped underneath her blouse and when his fingers found her skin, running along her slender waist and strong back, she shivered and pressed her body against his hand. She seemed to freeze for a moment and Hussan was about to pull away and stop, but then he realized that she was waiting for his fingers to move again. He lifted his head and watched her face, her eyes closed and her mouth open in surprise as his fingers moved once again. She gasped and her hands gripped his shoulders when he slid his fingers against her skin. He couldn't seem to stop, wanting to feel more of her, waiting for her reaction and thrilled when he received it.

A part of him thought it ironic that they'd just entered into the agreement to leave the wedding as is and less than an hour had passed before she was in his arms again. But he'd also known that, making a deal with this woman to allow him to kiss her would end up here, just like this.

With deft hands, he slowly unbuttoned her blouse, giving his hands better access to her soft, beautiful skin. He wanted to touch her everywhere, compare the softness in one area to another and see if she felt differently when he touched her in one place versus another.

Her little gasps and sighs were driving him wild. He plundered her mouth while his hands slid the shirt off her shoulders, letting it float soundlessly to the ground behind her. He then explored more freely, touching her stomach, her rib cage, her back and smiling when he found a spot on her back that made her arch into his hand.

He didn't want to move too quickly, but when she turned her body slightly, as if to try and put his hand on her breast, he couldn't hold back any longer. He allowed his hands to move upwards, cupping one perfect, beautiful breast. His thumb explored the lace covered globe while his mind registered that she fit his hand perfectly. He kissed her tentatively, exploring her mouth and the sweet taste of her breath.

Hussan realized that she was kissing him back, but her hands were only holding his shirt. He wanted her to touch him, to feel her soft, pretty hands on his skin. He wanted that so desperately that he quickly unbuttoned several of his shirt buttons himself then pulled her hand towards his hot skin, loving the way her fingers immediately started exploring his chest. Her hands felt so good he almost had to pull her hand away. He didn't, but only because he distracted himself with once again touching her and watching her reactions as his hands moved back to her breasts.

When his thumb rubbed against the lace covered nipple, then his index finger slid underneath to touch that glorious nub without the fabric, he heard her cry out and her head rolled backwards. He loved the way she shivered in his arms and decided that it was probably time to take this inside.

Hussan bent down and picked her up, his arms under her bottom which brought her breasts exactly where he wanted them. As his mouth nuzzled her nipple, his teeth pulling the fabric out of his way, she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs automatically went around his waist, holding her there just as effectively as his arms were.

He walked into the bedroom, ignoring the door as his mouth continued to taste that sweetness. When he was back inside, he carried her over to the bed, laying her down. As soon as her back hit the silk fabric, he sucked at her nipple and almost smiled when she screamed at the desire that action incited within her.

Damn, he loved it when she made noises like that.

He couldn't stop himself as he moved from one breast to the next, eliciting similar responses and his lust was stronger than he'd ever imagined it to be.

He moved down her stomach, his hands moving to the button of her slacks and eliminating that barrier. He knew that this was her first time with a man, and he was determined to make this the most incredible experience possible. He kissed her flat stomach as his hands slid her slacks down her legs, pulling her pretty lace underwear along as well. Sometime in the very near future, he was going to wrap this woman up in lace and satin and enjoy her lush figure in all of its glory, taking his time to look at her and appreciate one of the great works of art. But right now, he wanted to taste her and see her climax in his arms, to feel her throb around him.

When he moved down her body, kissing a path to his goal, she writhed underneath him, her fingers tangling in his hair. He couldn't believe it when she opened for him automatically and he smelled her soft, sexy scent. And when he kissed her there, she sprung up, her hands trying to pull his head away from the intimacy. But he wouldn't let her. He was relentless and within moments, she was no longer fighting him but had fallen back against the silk sheets, arching into his mouth.

In less time than he would have liked, she was splintering apart, shattering in his mouth and he loved the way she sprang up tight as a bow against him, then sighed as the climax eased up and she relaxed back down.

Her fingers were still in his hair, but her hands were limp. Her whole body was limp in fact. Hussan stood up, a fire inside him that was so hot, he could barely stand the flames. He controlled himself though. She was wet, hot, ready for him but he knew it would still take time to ease into her. He stood up, tore his own slacks and boxers off, tossing them somewhere behind him, all the while watching this lovely mermaid in a sea of sheets that were now tangled around her from the writhing she'd just done during her second climax of the day. And it wasn't over. Not by a long shot, he told himself.

As she lay on the bed, relaxed in the afterglow of her orgasm, a sexy, small smile on her gorgeous face made him almost laugh out loud. He leaned down, his arms taking his weight as he loomed over her, his dark head bending low and kissing her back to awareness.

"What are you doing?" she asked, her smile growing wider as her arms lazily moved back up to his shoulders. Her body instinctively arched into his hands as he smoothed her skin across her stomach.

When his mouth covered her breast once again, she was no longer so complacent. She gasped and shifted against him, her body arching away from the bed. "Please no more," she cried out, but her hands were already pulling him closer and Hussan complied. He shifted his weight, moving so that he was positioned above her.

"Much more," he growled out, lifting her knee higher and making more room for himself. His erection probed her softness and he closed his eyes to regain some control when he felt her heat and wetness against him. He slid smoothly into her core, finding only a small amount of resistance and then he buried himself inside of her.

Isla watched his face from below him, feeling a small pop as he moved inside her and she shifted her hips, accommodating all of him. When he finally filled all of her, she couldn't believe what a perfect feeling this was. It was as if she were whole and had been missing a part of her for her entire life. She liked this feeling. It was a bit uncomfortable at first, but as she shifted below him, she grew to enjoy the sensation of feeling so full and alive. Every part of her body tingled and she felt strong and powerful, even though Hussan was looming over her like a large, magnificent shadow.

And then he started moving. Everything changed from that point on. Isla no longer felt relaxed. She didn't exactly like the feeling, but it definitely didn't hurt. When he moved back inside her, she gasped and lifted her hips higher, wanting more of him. The friction combined with his size felt....incredible!

Isla grabbed his shoulders, her legs moving higher to take him deeper. "Like that!" she gasped when he pushed into her harder. "That feels..."

"What?" Hussan asked, gritting his teeth to maintain his control despite the incredible feelings she elicited within him with her body wrapped around him like this. He wanted to slam into her, to let loose and just enjoy everything. But this was her first time. He had to go slower, to be gentle.

Unfortunately, she wouldn't let him go slow or gentle. She put her hands on his shoulders and lifted her hips up, matching his every thrust. He started counting down from ninety-nine, just to get his mind off of how good she felt and how he wanted to let his body slam into hers. He only reached ninety-five by the time she was screaming out her release, her body clenching tightly around his and her arms holding onto his shoulders with more strength than he would have given her credit for. She was strong, opinionated about how she wanted him to move and one of the sexiest women he'd ever known.

And she was all his, he thought as he released his control, pushing into her again and again until his climax gathered around him, then exploded. His mind couldn't function as he reveled in how perfect she was and how amazing it felt.

When it was all over, he collapsed on top of her, still connected as the orgasm continued, but slowed in intensity. As he pulled out and rolled onto his side, taking her with him and tucking her under his chin, he realized that, for the first time, he had forgotten to use protection.

He smiled as he realized that he didn't need to use that with Isla. He wanted her to bear his children, to have a family with her and see her grow large with his child. He'd bet she would look even more gorgeous all huge and sexy while carrying his babe. The last thing he remembered was her hand curling up against him and her soft, sweet sigh of contentment as she fell asleep.

Chapter 5

Isla woke up and looked around, her body curled up against Hussan's large, muscular frame while her head used his massive bicep as a pillow. Her legs were intently wrapped around his and his thigh was pressed hard against her hips, pressing against her heat and her body instantly started throbbing with that same need she'd experienced last night when he started touching her in that decadent way.

She quickly slipped out of bed and almost ran to the shower, humiliated that she'd had so little resistance to him last night. Twenty-four hours! She'd been in his presence for only twenty-four hours! She'd known the man one day and she was already in his bed! She'd never reacted to any man the way she'd reacted to him. And he was a monster! A man who didn't even care about her feelings or those of his people.

She turned on the shower, amazed at how the whole room instantly felt like a tropical rain forest and the shower felt like a waterfall. She hadn't been expecting that and it distracted her for a moment. She looked around, seeing the rocks and the plants surrounding the stone area in a new way. This wasn't just a shower. It literally was a human made water fall that she could turn on and off. Whoever had created this room had put some serious thought into the design.

And then reality returned and she stepped into the water, wishing the soft flow didn't make her think of Hussan's hands as they cascaded down her skin, testing and teasing and making her lose her control. Again.

As she let the warm water soothe her body, she thought about last night and everything that had happened leading up to their lovemaking. Her accusations about the man weren't really true, she thought to herself but she was still embarrassed that she'd given in so quickly to him. Sex with a stranger, she sighed as she scrubbed her skin, trying to become clean again. It hadn't even been the one time either. They'd made love over and over last night until she couldn't lift her arms any longer. Even then, he'd still been hungry for her but she'd begged him to let her sleep, promised him that she'd be more responsive in the morning. He'd let her sleep, but whispered in her ear that he was going to follow through on her promise.

Tears were flowing down her face as she wrapped her arms around her stomach, the water cascading over her back and her body wracked by the sobs of humiliation over how easily she'd fallen into bed with a man she didn't know and didn't respect.

"What am I?" she whispered to herself as she pushed her hair out of her eyes.

Suddenly, warm hands were on her back and she jumped, would have slipped onto the rocks of the shower floor if Hussan's strong hands hadn't grabbed her to steady her. "Take it easy," he said softly and turned her gently so that she was facing him.

Isla knew that he was naked and she wanted to grab a towel to cover herself, but she didn't think he would allow it, and besides, she was too embarrassed to step away from him. She didn't want his eyes on her, even though he could feel every inch of her nakedness already.

"Shh..." he soothed, his hands moving down her back as she buried her face in his massive chest, his arms holding her safely against him. He continued to murmur soft words into her ear, nothing really coming out or making any sense, but his strength, coupled with the non-sexual touch, started to break through her humiliation.

"What are you doing?" she sniffed and turned so her face was sideways against his chest, her skin reveling in the lightly rough feeling while her cheek pressed against his chest hair.

His hands continued to massage her scalp and back, rubbing the tense muscles in her shoulders. "I'm trying to figure out why you're crying."

She considered all the different ways she could answer his unspoken question, but in the end, she relied on the simple truth. "Because of last night," she whispered, more tears slipping down her cheeks.

He was still for a moment, then his hands started moving again. "I thought you were enjoying the experience as much as I was. But are you now telling me that it was that bad?"

Hussan knew damn well that she had enjoyed the night. Over and over again he'd brought her to a climax and he'd spank her cute little bottom if she tried to deny it now. He'd heard her screams of satisfaction as he took her to the heights throughout the night.

She didn't say anything for a moment, but then he felt her breath against his chest despite the warm water gushing over them. "No. It was wonderful."

He released the tension that had invaded him. Her acknowledgment meant a great deal to him, he realized. But if that wasn't the issue, what was she sad about? "So what's the problem?"

She shifted slightly, started to look down, but saw his erection and turned away from that, looking to the side. He wouldn't let her step out of his arms, and the towels were stacked several feet away. It was just easier to stay in his arms for those two reasons, she told herself.

"I don't know you," she explained with a plaintive voice. "I don't really know anything about you and what I've heard, it isn't good."

"So get to know me." He thought that was the most obvious answer, but when she shook her head, he understood that there was more to the issue than just her lack of knowledge of him personally.

"How could I have...done those things with you?"

This was starting to make sense. Women were a fickle group, he knew. And this one might be a bit more tender hearted than the others. "Maybe because we were meant to be together?"

Isla almost laughed, not just at how ridiculous that statement sounded, something so romantic coming from such an enormously large, tough and muscular man, but also because his reputation was just so...mean and unmerciful. She just couldn't put the two personas together.

"I'm not sure how you can say we were meant to be together when I don't know who you are or why you make the decisions you do. You're a complete mystery to me."

"And yet you burn up every time I touch you," he said, kissing the top of her head.

She sighed and relaxed against him. "I don't want to."

He chuckled deep in his chest as he bent down. A moment later, he poured shampoo onto his hand before massaging it into her hair. "I don't think we have a choice in this," he said.

She thought he meant no choice because they'd already signed the contracts but that only made her feel worse. It was almost like she was trapped. But with his fingers moving against her scalp, she wasn't too concerned about it at the moment. She'd think about it later.

When he pushed her head under the waterfall, gently rinsing out her hair she thought he was the gentlest man she'd ever met. But when she looked up at him, his eyes were watching her breasts and not really paying a great deal of attention to his hands that were shifting her hair around to help rinse out the shampoo. She took over the task at that point but that was a mistake as well since that only freed up his hands to skim along her water slick body.

As his fingers trailed up her back and down her arms, she forgot about the shampoo and gripped the waterfall rocks beside her, holding on as her legs wanted to give out. She tried to shake her head, to deny that this was happening once again. But when he stopped and she thought he was going to step away from her, her eyes sprung open to look for him, only to find him reaching for the soap. He wasn't going away at all and she relaxed in one way, and became tense in other ways.

The water had slickened her skin to one level but the scented soap on his hand, moving against her skin and discovering all new places that made her gasp or tingle, she knew that this was an entirely new level of sensuousness.

When he spun her around, picking her up and placing her on one of the lower level rocks, she didn't understand. But she felt his erection prodding her from behind and instantly shifted her body to accommodate him. The rock brought her higher, to just the right level to meet him. Although this position was somewhat more embarrassing, when he slid inside of her, her heat welcoming him and her body adjusting as his size filled her up once again, she decided that this was an extremely nice position to be in.

Her fingers held on to the rocks, her body pressing back against him as he took her slowly up the pinnacle, her body clamoring for a faster pace but he wouldn't give in to her body's demands. She whimpered with her need, but when he reached around her, his fingers teasing her, she couldn't care less about his pace as his fingers helped her climb even higher.

Her body was his violin and he played her like a master. When she couldn't take the pressure any longer, he finally gave her the release she'd been craving, and his own release held her enthralled as he pushed into her over and over, spilling himself into her and holding her steady, gently in his arms as her climax caused her legs to collapse.

Afterwards, he took a towel and gently dried her off before bundling her into yet another towel. "You're cute when you're embarrassed," he said as she tucked the ends above her breasts.

"I don't have any clothes."

He smiled and thought that would be a perfect state. Unfortunately, he couldn't keep her in ignorance. "Your sister packed up your clothes and had them sent over yesterday afternoon. I believe they're hanging in the closet by now." He walked into the closet himself and grabbed the clothes his own servants had delivered there. When, he had no idea but he'd come to accept that the servants knew exactly when to come and go so as not to disturb them.

He pulled on his clothes, watching her fiddle with the towel while she contemplated what to wear. He smothered a laugh when he finally realized that she was too embarrassed to dress in front of him. "You know, you're going to have to get over this embarrassment at some point," he told her as he walked into her closet where she'd been pretending to contemplate her dress choices for the day.

She sighed and looked down at the floor, biting her lower lip in indecision. "I suppose a husband and wife should be more casual around each other."

He wrapped his arms around her and squeezed gently. "And you should feel free to parade around me naked whenever the mood strikes you."

With that, he left her in the closet. "I have a breakfast meeting and will be out inspecting roads during lunch. I'll see you at dinner tonight." He had the door to her quarters open before he turned to look at her with a lascivious grin on his handsome features. "Feel free to disobey my orders again tonight and stay in here for dinner."

She glared at him, wishing she actually were furious with him but he just threw back his head and laughed, walking out the door and closing it softly behind him as he went wherever he was going for the day.

Isla stalked over to the dresser and opened drawers, finally finding her underwear and bras. She'd have to send a note to her sister thanking her for being so considerate. She was fairly sure that her personal maid had packed her under things, but Zarah had most likely chosen the initial outfits to send over. Her sister had chosen several of Isla's favorites and she pulled out a pretty yellow dress with a cinched in waist and high collar that made her feel attractive and special.

She dressed quickly and headed out of the room, finding the dining room easily since she recognized the destruction in certain places. Hussan had already eaten so she grabbed a bland biscuit and some fruit, sipping her coffee as she contemplated what she might do today. Her body guards were behind her and she turned to smile in their direction.

"Please, feel free to grab some breakfast if you haven't already," she encouraged.

Both men quickly shook their heads and continued to stand at attention.

She considered her options. "I'd like to go back to that school again today and do the story time with that same teacher. Do you think they would mind?" She made her decision quickly, not wanting to hang out in the palace just in case Hussan might also be here. She needed space from him, a chance to get her perspective back in order. That man and the way he touched her, the things he did to her, definitely didn't help her think logically.

The older guard shook his head and immediately took the radio out from his back belt loop, explaining where they were going.

"I'd also like to see more of the country, if it can be arranged. I won't spring it on you like I did yesterday but could you let me know some areas that might benefit from me passing by? Perhaps the marketplace where I could pick up a few trinkets or the hospital for a visit with some of the kids?" She worked through some ideas in her mind. "Have there been any reports about something good happening in the area where I could go and thank the individuals? It doesn't have to be anything big. Even a student getting good grades or a mother making something different in the market, a group of kids who have done something to help the community." This idea would also help her understand her future husband's plan. She wanted so desperately to believe in him, but she'd seen too much on her border visits over the past several months.

It was astonishing that, after only twenty-four hours in the man's company, she was starting to doubt things she'd firmly believed about the man's character and leadership style. Was she simply fabricating another reality because she didn't want to be married to a monster?

The two guards nodded their heads, obviously getting into the spirit of the situation. Both of them were talking into their radios now and Isla felt better about the upcoming day. She wouldn't be a burden to the palace, sitting in her gilded cage while everyone else survived in barely livable conditions, and she wouldn't be waiting around for Hussan to come to her, worrying about her reaction to him. She had an escape, at least for a few hours.

Once the ideas were in her head, she was eager to start. She went to Hussan's office, knowing that he was in meetings but spoke to one of his aides to request a map of the city and newspapers for the last three weeks. She brought everything back to one of the small sitting rooms near the main dining room so that she and her body guards could sifted through the articles and discover areas on the map that would be safe to visit. By lunch time, they had a plan and Isla was eager to start. Especially since she jumped anytime someone walked by the sitting room door, worried that it would be Hussan. She just didn't want to see him right now, needing time to pull herself together and figure out why she'd fallen into bed so easily with the man.

They spent a great deal of their time driving, but she didn't mind. It gave her time to think, to work through her actions of the night before. She came to the conclusion that Hussan was simply a wonderful lover. Since she had zero experience in that area, it was no wonder she'd fallen for his technique. She had no safeguards in place to help her avoid situations like that. Besides, it had been an emotionally crazy day starting with her brother's announcement of her engagement followed by being carted out of her home. What woman wouldn't be reeling from that kind of a shift in one's world?

She hated the idea that Hussan had gained so much experience by having sex with other women but pushed the image of her fiance in bed with those other women out of her mind. It hurt too much and she was tired of being so angry.

When they reached their first destination, Isla stepped out of the vehicle feeling better about her life and her future. She felt like she'd worked through the issues and had come up with an explanation for her action and reactions and was going to try very hard to work with Hussan to make this marriage work. Somehow.

As she exited the vehicle and moved into the gathering crowd, her presence surprised the community when she asked for the people who had been mentioned in the articles. There were several different groups she'd found in the newspapers that she wanted to greet. She introduced herself as Hussan's fiancee to each of the people who had participated, letting the news out of their engagement and uncaring if Hussan had wanted to release that information in another way.

There was a group of teenagers who had organized an afterschool program for little children in the neighborhood, a mother who had lugged all of the communities' garbage off the street, making several trips while the other neighborhood members either looked on or, in some cases, they ridiculed her. Isla stunned the neighbors when she stopped and shared a cup of coffee with the mother, discussing her children and why she'd done the garbage runs despite the ridicule of her neighbors.

She touched the woman's hand, thanking her for being so considerate of the community, knowing that several of the neighbors were peering into the broken windows, seeing it all and trying to hide their surprise and jealousy that the woman at which they'd scoffed was now receiving adulation from their future queen.

Next was the children's ward at the local hospital where she spoke to each of the children, hiding her sadness at some of the pain the children and parents were enduring. The next stop was a school house where one of the students had scored extremely high on the yearly exams and she was able to shake the hand of both the boy and girl who had done so well, hopefully encouraging the rest of the school to work as hard as those two in order to achieve the same recognition.

By the middle of the afternoon, she was all set to settle into her reading time with the first level students back at the school in the capital city so her guards drove back towards the palace. Isla was irritated that her heart beat increased as the convoy drove closer to the man who confused her more than any other human being had ever done before.

As the SUV drove past the palace towards the school area, Isla leaned her head against the window, trying to stop these crazy reactions her body had. Why did she react so intensely even when she wasn't in the same building with the man? She wouldn't even see him for several more hours, but every part of her was tingling with excitement, just because she was in closer proximity to the man!

Hussan's staff had given the administrator warning this time, but Isla knew that the woman would still be surprised by what she had in mind. And she had to get a grip on her emotions, otherwise, she would look foolish in front of the staff and students.

She spoke softly with the teacher as she entered the classroom. As they conspired, the teacher smiled and nodded her head, eager to help and both of them had their heads down, concentrating and cutting for several moments.

When they were finished, Isla sat down with the first group of students while the teacher took the second half for their craft project. Isla had chosen the story perfectly and sat down on the stool, getting as low as possible.

She heard the noise outside the room, but thought it was only the other teachers taking a break and trying to get a look inside the classroom. She opened the story book, looked at the eager faces of the children and started reading.

There were roars of laughter as the children saw her place the colored, rough mustache on her top lip, holding it in place with her finger while she read, using a deep voice for the character in the book. The female character was next and she held a pink bow to her forehead, making the children roll with laughter. Over and over again, as the different characters came up in the book, she held silly pieces of paper to her face, encouraging the children to laugh, read one or two words, and laughing with them when she put the wrong item to the right voice.

Once the story was finished, she closed the book and clasped her hands in front of her, ensuring that she had the attention of all the children in the group. "Okay, so now that I've made you laugh, I'd like all of you to think of some way to help your teacher this week. And the absolute best way?" she said, waiting for the children to answer her. Hands flew up in the air and all of them were eager to give their ideas. She selected several, smiling and nodding at their suggestions.

"Very good!" she said, clapping her hands to conclude the story time. "All of these are excellent ideas. So I'll be checking in with your teacher and maybe come visit again soon so I can hear how each of you are making progress, okay?"

The second group was just as enthusiastic and she laughed with them, eager to give them the encouragement she'd given the first group. She was disappointed when the end of day school bell rang and all the children rushed to their desks, grabbing their books, eager to tell their parents what had happened in school.

Isla stood up and turned, ready to head back to the palace and make plans for the next day. She'd had so much success today, she wanted to do it again and again.

But she stopped in her tracks, her eyes widening with surprise as she took in the tall, muscular man standing there watching her with his arms crossed over his chest and looking magnificent in a dark colored suit with a yellow silk tie.

Immediately her body reacted to his presence and she felt a bit weak in the knees. "Hussan? What are you doing here?" She hated the way her voice sounded so breathless, but pretended it was simply because she was surprised by his presence and not because she was excited to see him.

He moved forward, his eyes glaring back at her. "I could ask you the same thing. I thought you would be back at the palace doing whatever it is that you do during the day."

Isla wasn't sure she understood his mood, but it irritated her that he wanted her to stay indoors. "I didn't know you wanted a secret harem type of marriage."

"I don't," he countered, stopping when he was right in front of her.

She blinked at him, confused and trying very hard not to become defensive. There was something strange about the way he was looking at her. Perhaps she'd understand him after about ten years into their relationship. "Then I don't understand. Are you angry that I'm out here doing things with your people?"

He thought about that for a moment and sighed heavily. A part of him wanted to kiss her because she looked so amazing surrounded by all of these children and they responded to her so well. Another part of him wanted to toss her over his shoulder, carry her back into the SUV and head immediately back to the security of the palace so that he knew she was safe from harm. "I'm not sure what I'm feeling right now."

She bit her lower lip and thought quickly. "Okay. Well, when you figure it out, how about if you let me know so I can react appropriately to your issues?" She was teasing, sort of. And what's more, she was definitely relieved when he laughed.

He nodded his head in agreement. "I'll get back to you on that. Are you done here?"

Isla looked around the classroom, noting that the body guards had shooed out the teachers and administrator so they were thankfully alone for this conversation. "Yes. We should probably leave so they can finish up their day."

He turned back to her and stepped slightly closer. "And are you finished for the day?" he asked, a somewhat ominous tone in his voice.

She looked up at him warily. "I'm finished for today. But what about tomorrow?"

He didn't answer her immediately. "Considering that I canceled my inspections when I heard you were out and about..."

She shook her head, her mouth showing her surprise at his statement. "Why did you do that? I had my security guards clear it with their supervisors."

He rubbed his hand over the top of his head, his hair moving right back into place since he kept it so short now that the war and fighting was over. "Let's go back to the palace to discuss this, okay?"

He didn't stop and wait for her answer. Putting a hand to the small of her back, he led her through the doors, shaking the hands of the teachers and administrators who were almost prostrating themselves as he passed by. He was very gracious, but all of them were in awe of his presence and Isla saw a whole other side to him. She was very confused. After spending two days in this man's country, she couldn't reconcile the man's evil reputation with the man she was getting to know and the reactions of his people who appeared to adore him. But how could so many rumors be false? And why wouldn't he allow reporters into the country? What was the issue with the rest of the world getting to know all the wonderful things that were going on inside the country?

She kept her silence though as they made their way through the crowds. So many people had heard that Hussan had arrived and they were thrilled to see him, exuberant at their upcoming wedding and several people rushed up to give her flowers, smiling eagerly at Hussan before backing up. Isla took the flowers, feeling a warm glow of acceptance with the lovely gesture.

As soon as they were inside the vehicle, Hussan took the flowers and tossed them into a bag his body guard handed to him.

Isla was horrified as her pretty flowers disappeared. "Why did you do that?" she demanded, reaching for the bag, intending to take the flowers out again. They weren't the best, but they had been a very sweet token by a little boy and a teenage girl. Both of them had looked so sweet and sincere as they'd handed her flowers they'd probably picked out of their garden or any field they'd come across.

"We don't know what's on the flowers," Hussan explained quickly and wiped her hands down with a cloth that smelled of rubbing alcohol.

She couldn't believe what he was saying and grabbed her hands, hiding them behind her. "Pollen?" she snapped. "What are you thinking? They're just flowers!"

He shook his head and grabbed her hands again, wiping off as much as he could before tossing the wipe into the same bag into which her flowers had disappeared. "They might not be just flowers, Isla."

She sat there staring at his strong profile for a long moment. "Why would you say something so ridiculous?"

He sat back against the leather seat and stared straight ahead. "One of the tactics I used to get rid of my enemies during the civil war was to send presents to them. They thought it was a gift meant to show them my respect and acquiescence, but there was poison on various parts of the gifts. Not enough to kill, but something that would disorient them."

She stared at him, stunned and more than a little horrified. "You're kidding me, right?"

He shook his head emphatically. "Nope."

It took her several minutes to absorb this tactic, considering the man and how tough he looked right at the moment. "How many times did you do this?" She wasn't sure if she was impressed or disgusted.

"Too many times to count," he responded grimly.

Ugh. That meant that his uncle and all of his generals and deputies had been stupid, vain and greedy. Once was bad. Twice was just evil. But when one's enemies fell for the same trick over and over again she couldn't help but think that Hussan was diabolical. "Um...okay then." She took a deep breath and thought over that idea. "So your uncle was...." She considered her words carefully, wondering if he might have respected the man or had some familial feelings towards his father's brother. She had to be considerate if he still thought of the idiot man as a revered family member who was just in the way of his political ambitions. Even as she thought it, she knew that wasn't the case. Hussan was strong, but she didn't think he was maliciously ambitious.

In the end, she didn't have to be careful. Hussan filled in the blank she was struggling to define.

"My uncle was a greedy idiot who ruined this country, bankrupted the economy and tortured his people. He didn't deserve to rule and if you have any issues with my assumption of power, we need to get those reservations out of the way immediately because I will not tolerate that man's name being brought up within the borders of this country."

Isla had never seen him so harsh, so absolute. He'd laid down the law and expected her to follow. She thought about it for a moment, but then nodded her head. Isla had seen the destruction. Had assumed it was because of Hussan's rule but she was now coming to understand that it was more likely the result of his uncle's greed and dissolution. "I have no issues with you being the Sheik of Silaria, Hussan," she said softly.

He watched her for a moment, noticed the sincerity in her voice and her eyes, then nodded. Turning away, he looked out the window as the driver brought them back within the palace walls. Isla noticed that Hussan visibly relaxed now that they were back within the confines of his security system. She wondered if it was for his safety, or if he was more concerned with her own safety.

Despite all the things she'd heard about Hussan, the one description that had repeatedly come up in conversations was that this man was fearless. He would dive into any battle and come out the victor. So she felt a warm glow of happiness come over her as she deduced that Hussan was more concerned about her safety than he was about his personal security. It made him a bit more human, more caring than she'd originally given him credit for.

The vehicles pulled up outside the main entrance and Hussan stepped out first, then turned to help her out, taking her hand initially, but then simply lifting her out of the car and placing her in front of him on the ground. She looked up at him, her thoughts immediately returning to the night before and all he'd made her feel. He held her gaze until she blushed and pulled away, looking down at the ground in embarrassment.

She heard his soft laughter and then felt his arm move around her waist, pulling her close for an affectionate hug before he released her and moved towards the entrance of the palace. Drat! That man knew exactly what she was thinking! How could he know? Had something besides the blush come across her face?

She glared at his disappearing back, wondering how she could get back at him. She needed some sort of protection against a man so smart and intuitive. She had to have some secrets, didn't she?

She took a deep breath and calmed her raging temper. She had to live with this man so it was probably more important to figure out how to get along with him rather than to get back at him for being an obnoxious brute who could read her mind.

"Can we discuss my plans for tomorrow?" she asked, scrambling after him as his long, muscular legs ate up the ground while he re-entered the palace. Being so much shorter than her husband could definitely have some disadvantages, she thought as she hurried to catch up with him. She assumed he was heading back to his office and she was right. Unfortunately, several other people were way ahead of her, or had been waiting in ambush for Hussan and got his consideration first. She followed behind him more slowly when she realized that she wouldn't get his attention immediately, waiting her turn while several men rushed up to him, giving him news, documents to review or sign, a paper to approve or whatever it was. He really was an impressive ruler, she thought, leaning her shoulder against one of the less destroyed columns in the hallway outside of his office. She admired the way he listened carefully to each person's concerns, gave instructions or guidance, sometimes asking for additional research and information and then moving on to the next person.

There were about seven or eight people vying for his attention and she saw the impatience in his eyes, but that was only because she was looking for it. None of the people requesting his attention noticed or they didn't pay attention and Hussan did a good job of hiding it for the most part. She had to give him credit for being available to the people he assigned to follow through on his instructions.

She listened attentively as he didn't just hand out instructions all the time, but slowly tried to get each person to make the decisions themselves. As she watched, she realized that Hussan wasn't just leading the country, he was teaching the others how to lead. Apparently, each of these people were heads of one department or another. All were young and eager to please, but not overly experienced. He was fashioning his government, slowly and patiently through guidance not an iron fist.

Had she been wrong? Every moment she spent in this man's company showed her more and more that he wasn't the person she'd originally thought him to be. He was demanding and hard at times, but not the brutal dictator she'd heard through the gossip mills. Were the border villages just having a harder time being reached? Their progress was so much farther behind than the inner cities. Was there something else going on that she wasn't aware of? Were there petty dictators around that might be trying to usurp his control?

She shuddered at the possibility of Silaria going through yet another power struggle. The civilians were always the victims in so many ways when a war started. The elite fought on the front lines, the soldiers were hurt and killed in horrible battles that could destroy their bodies and sometimes even their minds. But the civilians bore a heavy burden when the fighting came their way. Homes were destroyed, women and children hurt and killed, whole towns demolished and memories lost when villages were flattened or burned.

She pushed away from the column and walked towards her bedroom. Suddenly, she wanted to help the man. Wished she could do more for him. She had to figure out a way to give as much as he did.

Perhaps they could have a discussion about how she could help over dinner that evening. Isla's step picked up as the thought of being with Hussan, all alone once again and maybe even dining in her bedroom again? She wouldn't put a name to what she was feeling though. She just enjoyed the anticipation of having a long, quiet conversation about her future responsibilities with a man she was starting to....respect.

She let that word roll around in her mind for a moment and then nodded. Yes, she was genuinely starting to respect the man she was going to marry and that was definitely a good thing. My goodness, she thought, smiling as she turned the corner of the main hallway, what a difference one day could make in a person's attitude!

She was in her closet, considering the various outfits she could wear for dinner with Hussan, her fingers running over several of the dresses and wondering what his favorite color might be. She showered, using some of her favorite rose scented soap that Zarah had sweetly sent along with her other makeup and clothing. She mentally made a note to send her sister a thank you note. She'd been very sweet and considerate in sending these items. She would have felt very vulnerable if she'd been forced to wear the same outfit she'd been in yesterday, not to mention going about the palace without makeup on. She wasn't ugly, she just didn't want Hussan to see her without makeup.

She bit her lip, remembering their shower earlier in the day. He'd seen her then, hadn't he? She hadn't cleaned her makeup off last night, so she couldn't imagine how she'd looked in the shower.

She shrugged her shoulders. The man hadn't seemed to mind her appearance one little bit, if her memory served correctly! She shivered deliciously at the memory, wondering if he might be interested in a repeat of the previous night.

Not that she was falling in love with him, she told herself sternly. There was no way she could fall in love with a man after two days. She was just....impressed with him.

She picked up a dark blue silk dress that came down just past her knees, skimming along her figure and hugging her waist and wrapping elegantly around her breasts then up over her shoulders in an elaborate twist. She liked the way this dress made her eyes look darker, as if they were a rich brown instead of a hazel-like brown. Even her hair appeared more lush and darker with this color. She smiled, wondering why she'd never worn this dress before. She'd chosen it spur of the moment during one of her shopping trips to Paris last year but she'd never had an occasion to wear it. Perhaps tonight would be the ideal time?

She smiled secretly, hoping that the dress was subtle enough to keep her pride intact but send out the right message. The message being that she wanted Hussan to take her into his arms and make her feel so incredibly wonderful, just like he had last night.

Was she wanton?

She twisted to see her reflection and shook her head. She didn't care! Yesterday, she'd fought against him touching her. Today, all she wanted to do was have him touch her and teach her more about this lovemaking business.

They dined together that night, but there were also about fifteen others, members of his cabinet who also sat at the table and shared their meal. Isla wondered why she was even required to be here as she sat miserably next to the man who completely ignored her. Hussan didn't have time to talk to her, nor did she enjoy the meal since it was painfully bland again. The meat was tough, the various grains that were served had almost no flavor to them and were chewy instead of being interesting and the vegetables were steamed with no flavorings other than salt.

She picked at her meal, wondering what she could do to help with the meals and maybe even with palace life in general. She could probably endure being ignored, even though she was wearing an absolutely stunning dress and Hussan was a great big lout for not mentioning how nice she looked, but she could not deal with bad meals. Again, she wondered why Hussan was putting up with poor food when he should be served a feast. The man was a mystery, but as she sat at the table, she determined that she would figure him out. She had nothing better to do, she thought.

She refused to admit to herself that unraveling the mystery that was Hussan was more of a personal need. She would only tell herself that she was interested because she was forced to marry him.

After three hours at the table, she stood up. Hussan didn't even glance her way when she excused herself and most of the men barely nodded in her direction. She considered it a slight, but knew she'd have to gain their respect.

Before dessert was served, she excused herself and walked out of the dining room, furious when Hussan didn't even nod in her direction. She walked down the hallway back to her bedroom, wanting to tear the dress off and toss it into the trashcan. She hated that man! He'd completely ignored her during the meal, he hadn't even noticed when she'd left and he was just a jerk to have not mentioned that they would be dining with every single one of his department heads. When was it her time with him? She didn't want a great deal of his time, but she was going to put her foot down and demand that meal times be just for them.

It wasn't an unreasonable request, she grumbled as she ripped the zipper down her back and wiggled out of the dress. In her mind, she knew that she should hang it up carefully in her closet so she could wear it for another occasion. But she was just too angry and she wadded the silk material up and shoved it into the trash can of her bathroom. She pulled on a white, silk robe, tying it at the waist and slumped into one of the overstuffed chairs and glared at the wall. It was only nine o'clock in the evening. She was tired, but didn't feel like going to bed. Unfortunately, she didn't have a book, didn't have a clear mission or the resources to research her mission. She was at loose ends.

Suddenly, she stood up and walked to her closet. Isla tossed her robe onto a chair, then pulled on a pair of comfortable khaki slacks and a red shirt, uncaring if she didn't look appropriate for the hallways. She wanted to find out more about the palace and she was going to do it. Maybe she'd even run into a library and could find something to read. There was a television in her room, but she hated watching TV, thinking that most of the shows were ridiculous and the others were just mindless.

Isla looked to the right and left of the hallway, this one a new direction that she'd chosen at random. She wanted to explore her new home even if her fiance was going to ignore her.

She found several other rooms, not sure what their purpose was for, but at the end of the hallway, she finally found a library filled with all sorts of books from different eras. Some were torn up and she could tell that some in one corner had been burned, most likely during the war, but for the most part, they were intact.

She ran her finger over several of the titles, but none really interested her. She finally came across one of the classics and pulled it down off the shelf. She'd read this one before, but it was a good story and at least it was something to do besides being angry with her obnoxious fiance.

She slowly walked back to her bedroom, wishing there was another place she could curl up and read. She loved the room, but also wanted to be out of it at times. Surely there was a living room or den type area where Hussan relaxed once the business of the day was finished.

"Where the hell have you been?" Hussan demanded as soon as she slipped back into her room.

Isla jumped and spun around, almost dropping the book in her surprise at seeing him there in her room. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me," he replied, striding over to her and looming when he was about an inch from her. "Where have you been since you left the dining room?"

"Why do you want to know?" she asked angrily, wanting to poke him in the chest but knowing it would only hurt her finger.

"Because you're my responsibility! You didn't have your guards with you and you weren't here in your room. I've been here for at least five minutes and no one knew your whereabouts."

She was furious with him now. He'd ignored her during dinner and now he was accusing her of hiding? How ridiculous. "If you wanted to know where I was so badly, perhaps you could have spoken a few words to me over dinner!"

His eyes widened slightly with her accusation. "Is that what this is about? Are you just miffed because I had work to do?"

She sputtered out her anger. "Work? You never stop working! How about just a little bit of recognition that I'm in the room?"

He almost rolled his eyes, but didn't because he sensed that this was something important to her, although he didn't completely understand why she was yelling back at him. In his mind, she was in the wrong and he was still furious over the fear he'd been feeling when he couldn't find her a moment ago. "Don't be ridiculous! I knew you were there."

"Then you could have given me some sort of clue! I dressed..." she stopped herself before she revealed too much. "Just get out! I don't need you to loom over me all the time. I have a good book and don't need your company at all."

Hussan suddenly realized what was going on in that pretty little head of hers. She was upset that he hadn't noticed that she'd dolled herself up for him. She'd almost said that she'd dressed especially to impress him and he'd ignored her efforts. He felt bad on the one hand, but the more powerful emotion was a fierce surge of lust that she wanted him to see her dressed in that gown. It had been an incredible dress and as soon as she'd walked in, he'd wanted to grab her and make love to her right there. But his department heads were in the room. He'd invited all of them for dinner because there was so much more to discuss. When she'd walked in, he'd instantly regretted his decision, wishing he could dismiss all of them so he could simply sit across the table and feast his eyes on her incredible figure encased in that beautiful work of art. But he'd had to be disciplined and finish the discussion, not show any weakness around his men. He wanted them to be just as disciplined and he led by example.

Instantly, his anger dissipated and he was touched by her efforts for him. "I'm sorry I hurt your feelings over dinner," he said with a softer tone of voice. He looked down at her hands, noticed the book and figured out that she'd just found the library down the west hallway. He'd discovered many treasures in that room himself, wished he could lose himself in several of the great books held on the shelves, but had to get this government steadier before he could indulge. He glanced at the title and nodded his approval. "Good choice."

Isla blinked and tried to catch up with his change of subject. "Wait a minute. Aren't we fighting?" she asked, and looked up at him with confusion.

"We were," he agreed. He grinned and pulled her closer. "Now we aren't."

She pushed her hands against his chest and shook her head. "Oh no you don't! You're not going to just ignore me one moment and then expect me to fall into your arms at your convenience! That isn't the way this game is going to play out."

He laughed softly and captured her hands. "Oh really?" His voice was deep and husky and he loved the way she thought she could have her way. "How about if you explain to me the way you see this playing out?" he suggested as his mouth descended to her neck, nibbling along the muscles and making her shiver.

"Stop!" she gasped and tried to turn her head away. "I'm saying no. I'm saying it loud and clear!"

He lifted his head up and looked down at her with a strange light in his eyes. "That was our agreement last night and you said yes. It no longer applies. Besides, your lips are saying no, but your body is clinging to me and screaming out a louder yes."

She hoped he couldn't feel the way her body was quivering in anticipation because she felt that this was an important point. "Hussan, please don't do this. I'm angry and you've hurt my feelings. You said you wanted to get to know me last night and yet here you are, not paying attention to anything I'm saying to you."

Hussan froze and for a moment, Isla wasn't sure if he would pay attention to her. She knew that he could easily get her to not just participate, but be an active contributor who demanded as much as she received during the physical side. But she couldn't just forgive him for tonight's actions. He'd really hurt her feelings, hadn't confided in her the evening's plans or she would have worn something different and now he was trying to push those feelings aside as if they were irrelevant. She needed to stand her ground and fight for her dignity or he'd do this to her again.

"I really hurt your feelings tonight? You're not just trying to be stubborn to avoid making love with me?"

If Isla hadn't been watching closely, she might have missed the flash of vulnerability that sparked in his eyes, only to be quickly smothered by that ever present arrogance he wore like a cloak of armor. Since she had seen it and she knew that he was trying a little, she gave him something as well. She looked down at her hands which were still on his chest, her palms flat against the muscles hidden underneath the white cotton fabric of his tailored dress shirt. "I wore the blue dress in order to impress you and get your attention," she whispered.

Hussan was stunned by that revelation. It wasn't just what she'd admitted because he'd already figured that out, but that she'd openly given him that small piece of information that showed a part of her that she'd been trying to avoid revealing to him since he'd tossed her over his shoulder yesterday morning. He took a long, slow, deep breath and rubbed his hands against her back. "I'm sorry I ignored you at dinner," he finally replied. "You looked extremely lovely and all I wanted to do was order everyone out and pull you into my arms."

Isla felt that silly warm glow start to form inside of her and she smiled, still looking at his chest, but now her hands were moving, her fingers exploring just a little bit. "That sounds nice."

"Am I forgiven for being an ass?" he asked, his hands moving against her back and waist, mimicking her movements.

She thought about that, then shook her head. "I don't think so. You thought I'd left the palace. You don't trust me."

He laughed and let his hand slip underneath her blouse. "I know that you're actively trying to find a way to sneak out of here. What you need to understand is, I will be in your bed every night going forward. So if your former team needs you, they're going to be disappointed because there is absolutely no way that I'm letting you outside of the palace security measures so that you can go out in the black of night and assist my people."

"But..." she started to say but he interrupted her.

"Forget it, Isla," he countered emphatically. "It simply isn't going to happen. You're going to be my wife and the mother of my children. I can't risk having you fall into the hands of my enemies."

A part of her wondered if she might ever become something more to him than a security challenge, but his hands moved up her waist and cupped her breasts at that moment and rational thoughts were no longer allowed. She didn't even try to pull back after that, needing him just as badly as he seemed to need her.

Chapter 6

Isla stretched onto her side and looked around. She knew that Hussan had spent the night with her because her aching muscles reminded her of the many times he'd woken her throughout the dark hours to make love to her again. The sun was high over the horizon already because he'd exhausted her to the point that she couldn't wake up at her normal early time. The man was certainly relentless, she thought as she pushed her hair out of her eyes and rolled over onto her back.

The stickiness between her legs also reminded her of all that they'd done last night and something struck her suddenly. If there was stickiness....that meant.....

She sat up straight in the bed and groaned out loud. Hussan hadn't used any kind of birth control!

Goodness! How had she been so careless?

Well, that wasn't hard to understand. The man had kidnapped her, literally picked her up and carried her out of her home and dumped her in his. Making love to him the past two nights had been too new for her to think about anything, much less be cognizant of the long term implications of their actions.

She'd always been so irritated when she'd heard about teenage girls getting pregnant because they'd gotten 'caught up in the moment' but she was now just as guilty as they were. As soon as Hussan had touched her, her body had lit up in flames of excitement and sexual need, never thinking of the problem of contraception.

She bit her lower lip and sighed heavily, wondering why Hussan, who was obviously much more experienced at this business than she was, hadn't he thought of this? Or had he intentionally omitted contraception?

Was he trying to get her pregnant? Was this a master plan for him to ensure succession of power?

Sadly, she understood that producing the next ruler was her primary function. She crawled out of the silken sheets and walked towards the shower with a heavy heart. She knew that, deep in her heart, she'd been hoping that Hussan thought more of her than just being a convenient baby machine. The way he touched her, the intensity of his lovemaking had given her hope that he wanted her as a person and it wasn't just about her fertility.

She supposed she had been deluding herself about that though. She turned on the shower, her hand reaching out to let the water run over her fingers from the rocks above and tried to reconcile herself to the role for which she'd been raised. She was a political asset and a female who could procreate. She'd known that all her life. It wasn't such a horrible existence and she didn't have the overwhelming responsibility to lead a nation like Hussan or her brother had to bear. Rashid didn't have any choice in his future either. He'd been raised to lead and she had no idea if he'd ever wanted something else for himself but had repressed that side of him because of his responsibilities to Tasain.

Hussan hadn't been raised from birth to lead, but he'd taken up the role as a young adult because he believed in the beauty and strength of Silaria. His patriotism and integrity wouldn't allow his lovely country to be raped by his uncle so he'd done what he had to do.

Was his marriage to her his next obligation? Did he simply need Rashid's support to maintain the border security? Or were there other political issues that were resolved by Hussan's marriage connection to Rashid who was a powerful influence in the region? Between the two of them, they would be a major force within the oil producing nations. It helped that they were like minded on many political and economic issues. Funny, but she wouldn't have been able to say that three days ago. She'd listened to Hussan during yesterday's dinner and he'd been very firm on several positions that even she agreed with.

She shampooed her hair and thoroughly washed her tired, sore body. When she was done, she dried off and went to her closet, not really caring about what she was to wear today. She was hungry, but the idea of another bland breakfast wasn't tempting enough to get her into the dining room.

She pulled a soft blue sundress from the hanger angrily. "Food is definitely one thing I can improve upon in this place," she thought with determination.

She straightened her shoulders and shook off her depression. There was no need for her to just meekly accept her baby making status. She could still do something important. And making the food more palatable was one area she was determined to change. It didn't have a high priority because the food was at least nutritious. But there was a morale issue that could be helped if the palace food was improved.

She had no idea how to do it, and she knew that Hussan wouldn't give her any additional funds to help because she suspected that he would put palace food on the back burner. But she wasn't going to eat tasteless chicken and rubbery eggs any longer.

"Marketplace!" she thought as she dried her hair and pinned it back. She could hit the marketplace and ask for advice on the spices they sold. She could also consult with the chef, find out what he or she was planning for the evening meal and get some alternatives that would add flavor and a bit more excitement to the meal.

Feeling better about her plan for the day, she stepped out into the hallway and, sure enough, two body guards were standing right outside, ready to follow her wherever she went.

She remembered trying to get Hussan to talk to her yesterday about her agenda but he'd blown her off for things he considered more important. Well, she wasn't going to take that any more so she decided that, if he didn't have time to go over her plans, she simply wouldn't discuss her plans with him.

She thought that was fair since he didn't discuss his plans with her. In truth, he didn't really discuss anything with her. He simply came to her, made love to her and then departed when he was finished.

She knew she should discuss her plans with her body guards. After all, it wasn't their fault that she was furious with her soon to be husband. Unfortunately, with her current mood, she considered her body guards to be minions of Hussan and she wanted to hurt him as much as she was hurting. Petty attitude? Absolutely. Did it make her feel better? More in control of her destiny? Absolutely.

Her heels clicked along the marble floor of the palace hallway and she easily found the palace kitchen. There was absolute chaos inside the steel and concrete area with people rushing all over the place, large pans being washed in a massive sink and other pots being brought to the cooking area. Several people covered in white aprons were chopping vegetables, several others were doing something with a large slab of meat but Isla wasn't sure what that task might be.

One man stood in the center of everything, looking on with concern and anxiety. Isla assumed that he was the head chef, but thought to approach him carefully in case she offended someone. There was nothing worse than an angry chef when one sat down to dinner at night.

She smiled carefully at the man as she approached. "Excuse me," she called out and was startled when almost everyone in the entire kitchen area stopped what they were doing, froze and started looking at her. She looked around, wondering why they'd stopped so suddenly but then turned back to the man she'd approached to find him on his knees, prostrate on the floor by her feet.

"Goodness! Please don't do that!" she gasped and reached down to lift the man up, trying to reassure him with a smile. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you," she said, thinking that this man had obviously been abused by Hussan's predecessor. "I just wanted to discuss the dinner menu for tonight," she said softly.

Turning to the others, she smiled brightly as she said, "Please carry on with whatever you were doing and I apologize for the interruption." The workers slowly went back to work, but she caught several of them glancing at her nervously as they continued their tasks.

"How can I serve you, Your Highness?" the strange man said as he stood in front of her, his hands clasped nervously in front of him as he continued to bow.

"Please, I don't want to harm you," she said with a soft voice, trying very hard to reassure the man. He seemed terrified and she didn't want that on her conscience. "Honestly, this is just a friendly visit."

The man seemed to relax, but his gaze moved from her to the body guards behind her. In response, she turned to the two men and smiled up at them. "Would you mind leaving us for a moment?" she asked politely.

The men both shook their heads and Isla sighed. "Orders from Hussan?" she asked and gritted her teeth when they nodded, confirming that Hussan had ordered them to stick to her like glue. What did he think she was going to do? Escape?

Okay, well, that wasn't a bad assumption since she'd done that several times while living in Tasain and Hussan knew it. Plus she'd disappeared last night and she had no idea how long Hussan had been looking for her. Perhaps his suspicions about her were not too crazy.

With resignation, she turned back to the chef and smiled gently. "Would you mind if we went over to that table there and discussed tonight's menu? I don't want to be a problem, but perhaps there is something I can contribute?"

The man glanced once more to the guards, then nodded. His nervousness didn't disappear completely, but he at least was able to go over the menus he was preparing for the evening meal. Apparently, this kitchen prepared meals for not only herself and Hussan, but also for the entire security staff and all the palace employees as well. There was a cafeteria style dining area where the employees and guards could get free food during the day, and a smaller number of options at night for any of the guards still on duty.

She discussed the menus for the next several nights, going over the ingredients and Isla instantly knew the issue. The man didn't know how to use spices for the meals. He simply grilled or steamed the ingredients at Hussan's orders.

"Okay, I think I have what I need," she said as she stood up. "I'll be back with some suggestions as soon as I can." She patted the man on the shoulder to reassure him, then walked out of the kitchen, smiling and waving to various other workers as she passed. Some responded shyly, but others just bowed their heads quickly, wanting to avoid catching her gaze.

That was an odd experience she thought as she walked out. "We're off to the marketplace," she said to her guards, both of whom looked at each other over the top of her head. Isla didn't see the look, but she could feel it and tried to ignore the tingling sensation.

She proceeded right to Hussan's office and stopped in front of the man she suspected was Hussan's lead assistant. "Would you mind telling His Highness that I'm heading over to the marketplace to get spices and I'll be back quickly?" she asked.

The man's hands hovered over the keyboard as he looked up at Isla with a startled expression. Apparently, no one dared to say things like that in Hussan's offices. But she was proud to be the first.

She walked out, knowing that her guards were trailing after her. She was relieved when a limousine was standing in front of the palace with a driver ready and waiting for her. "Thank you," she mumbled as she slipped into the back of the vehicle. "We're off to the spice vendors," she explained before the door closed on her.

The marketplace was very near to the palace and she wandered around to the various vendors, smelling the different spices and asking all sorts of questions. She was starving by the time she was finished several hours later but eager to get back to the palace and provide instructions for the chef, whose name was Aabad, she'd learned during their discussion.

In the kitchens, she walked right up to the man, startled him once again and handed him several bags along with written instructions for the dinner meal. She took a yogurt out of the refrigerator, not wanting anything the man had cooked previously since it was probably horrible tasting.

A servant came up behind her as she was leaving. "Excuse me, Your Highness," the short man called out.

Isla stopped and looked back, noting that the man was rushing to her side. "How can I help you?" she asked calmly.

"His Highness has asked to see you," he explained, bowing low and blushing as he looked away from Isla.

Isla remembered the previous evening when she'd asked him to discuss her responsibilities and he'd blown her off. "Thank you very much for relaying that information," she said and dismissed the man with a nod. He hurried off, obviously thinking that she would rush to Hussan's side now that she'd been summoned.

But she moved off on the opposite direction, unconcerned that the great man himself had requested her presence.

She walked directly to her bedroom and picked up the file that Hussan had given her that first day. He'd said that it contained a list of all the things that needed to be done within the country. It was time for her to get serious about finding a mission.

"Are there any other living quarters within the palace?" she asked, stepping into the hallway to ask her body guards with the file tucked under her arm. "I also need a computer with an internet connection and a desk if that's possible. If it's not possible, then a table will suffice."

The guards couldn't figure out what to do and Isla almost laughed at their confused expressions, but she took pity on them. "Never mind. I probably need to talk to Hussan about this anyway." She considered her options. She didn't really want to go to him and ask for these things since he'd just summoned her and she was trying to make a point. But if she went to his office, surely there would be a computer and a desk she could use there.

It might even work better for her purposes.

She didn't realize the smile that formed on her mouth looked so mischievous but her body guards noticed and both of them looked at each other warily.

She walked down the hallway to the palace offices, ignoring the startled glances and sudden silence as she walked by various offices or desk groupings. She looked into each one until she found what she was looking for. She knew that Hussan's office was in the opposite side of the area but she found an empty office and desk at the end of one of the hallways. She settled behind the desk, testing out the chair and nodding her approval. "This is perfect," she stated emphatically.

She then stood up and moved to the first person she could find, which was a couple of offices down the hallway. "Excuse me, where could I find a computer and some pens and paper?" she asked.

The man behind the desk stared back at Isla through thick, heavy glasses, his whole body frozen with indecision about what to do and how to respond.

When Isla calmly raised her eyebrows, the tiny gesture seemed to spur the man out of his frozen stupor. "Um....," he stood up, knocking over several files from the corner of his desk as he came around to the front. He then knocked over a coffee cup full of pens and scrambled to try and gather them all up quickly, which only made the whole situation worse.

"Ah...yes....um..." he dropped the pens and walked down the hallway to another office which turned out to be a storage area filled with office supplies. He gathered up a box of pens, several note pads and then turned back to face Isla, handing them to her while still trying to push his glasses higher up on his nose. "The computer," he stammered, "might be more difficult. I don't know where we get the computers but I'll ask my boss to get one for you, Your Highness." He was barely speaking above a whisper towards the end of his statement and Isla knew that it was time to give the man some room to breathe.

"That would be very kind of you," she replied and turned around, armed with her supplies and marched back to her newly acquired office.

With her pens and papers, she settled into the somewhat comfortable desk chair and opened up the file she'd been carrying around. As she read through the information, her heart ached for all that Hussan needed to accomplish. He had big dreams and high standards for his department heads. The five and ten year plans were ambitious and detail oriented.

What impressed her the most was that he not only had goals for almost every area in the country, he had detailed plans to reach all of those goals. They were well thought out, strategic and inter-related so that each department helped the other. She knew there would be infighting, but she also had confidence that Hussan could channel that towards a positive atmosphere.

"I'm sure you're making some sort of statement, but what that could be eludes me at the moment," the man himself said from the doorway, leaning casually against the frame with his arms crossed over his muscular chest and his eyes revealing nothing of his mood.

Isla closed the file and put her pen down, flipping back the pages on the notebook where she'd taken several notes about ideas she had. She leaned back in the chair and considered him carefully but tried to appear casual. "Why do you think I'm trying to make a statement?"

He raised one eyebrow in response. "Aren't you?"

She nodded her head. "Yes. What's my statement then?"

He shrugged and considered her pretty dress, thinking she looked extremely lovely in that particular shade of blue. "I have no idea what you're trying to tell me. Why don't you just say it so we don't have to guess with each other? At least until we know each other better?"

Isla thought that was a good way to go, but she wished he could at least try to guess. It would show that he actually cared enough to try and understand her. "I'm not sure it's very important now." She stacked the file and the notepad together. "Can I get a computer? Or am I to survive without technology?"

He stepped into the room and leaned his back against the wall, still watching her carefully. "Of course you can have a computer. But what do you need a computer for? What are you trying to do?"

Isla pursed her lips and leaned forward, placing her elbows on the table and clasping her hands together. "I want to help. I've read through this file and I think your ideas are incredible. I can help if you'll just let me."

She could see in his eyes that he didn't want her to have anything to do with the operations he was currently planning so she stopped his rejection before he could say the words. "Are you marrying me simply so I can give you children?"

His eyes widened and he shook his head. "That's not the sole reason. Is that what you were thinking?"

She bowed her head and looked down. "I don't know what to think anymore. Four days ago I thought I had you all figured out and I despised you."

"And now?"

She took a deep breath, keeping her eyes low. "Now....I think you're magnificent." There, she'd said it and she didn't regret it. The word hung in the air between them, a tense silence as she put herself in a vulnerable position that he could hurt her with.

"Look at me when you say something like that," he growled out after a long, tense silence.

Isla heard the intensity of his voice and was startled. She finally lifted her head and looked up at him, the truth shining in her eyes but what she saw made her heart race painfully. The heat in his eyes was shocking and her mouth dropped open as she watched him. He was no longer leaning against the door frame but standing up, his shoulders tense and his hands fisted on his hips. He looked like the powerful sheik that he really was and it was awe inspiring.

With a sudden jolt, she realized that she actually loved this man. It was crazy to consider after only three days in his company, but it was true. She loved him so completely that it hurt.

The pain was probably because she knew that he didn't feel the same about her. But as she looked up at him, seeing that heat in his eyes, she knew that she would be okay.

"If you think that about me, why are you in here?"

Her hand slid across the notebook that was on top of the desk. "Because you have so much that you want to accomplish. I want to help and yet, I get the feeling that you are trying to marginalize me. You don't want me leaving the palace, maybe even my rooms. And that's not who I am. I want to be out there helping you. I want to help you re-build Silaria by your side, hand in hand and I don't think that's what you want."

It took him less than two strides to close the distance between them and he lifted her into his arms, holding her against him and crushing her in his strong embrace. "You have no idea what those words mean to me," he said with that sexy, husky voice that never failed to turn her on.

He slowly loosened his hold and set her on her feet. "Do you know how much I love you?"

She pulled back and shook her head, completely surprised by his words. "You love me?"

"Damn straight I love you! I think I've been in love with you since I saw you laughing at your brother's wedding over the mis-matched shoes. You were adorable but most women would have been furious or embarrassed over the situation. You just laughed. I was entranced from that moment on."

She pulled back so she could look up at him more thoroughly. "But I said all those horrible things about you."

He laughed and shook his head. "I didn't care. I knew you were just scared about the future. I also knew that I could convince you that I wasn't such a bad guy."

Isla rested her head against his chest. "It took you less than one day to get me into bed."

"And that's a bad thing?"

"I have no will power against you," she said with resignation.

He put a hand on both sides of her head and turned her so that she had to look at him. "And that's a bad thing?" he demanded once again but this time his voice was much more gravely.

"Yes! I don't like being so out of control when you touch me. It's embarrassing."

His laughter grumbled deep in his throat. "Honey, it's actually the sexiest thing about you. I love it when you make all those sounds and I can make you lose control. You're so beautiful and look like an ice princess, but when I get you in bed, you're a completely different person. The dichotomy is....hot!"

She grimaced. "I don't like it."

He ran a hand up and down her back, then said, "Would it help if I told you that I have extremely little control when you touch me back?"

She held her breath as she stared at him. "Is that true? Or are you just saying that?"

He chuckled and hugged her. "It's completely true. You drive me insane when you touch me and I love it."

"Then you're not just trying to get me pregnant?"

He glanced down at her worried expression and couldn't figure out what she was saying. "What are you talking about? Why would I be trying to get you pregnant?"

"Because we haven't used any protection."

She watched carefully as his face turned from confused to stunned in only a few seconds. He then threw back his head and laughed, holding her tightly so that she couldn't escape from his arms.

Isla watched with growing frustration as the man continued to laugh at her. After several minutes, she couldn't take it any longer. She stepped back as far as he'd let her, pulled her elbow back and fisted her hand exactly as she'd been taught. With a grim determination, she jabbed him in the stomach.

Unfortunately, the man's stomach muscles were so tight, so strong, that her hand barely grazed the surface. She might have even hurt herself more than she hurt him, but it did get a small grunt from him and he looked back down at her. He was still holding her hand in his larger one but, with great effort, he finally regained control of his humor. "I'm sorry, love," he finally got out.

"I don't really see what's so funny," she grumbled, trying to pull her hand out of his but he kept her hand, holding it close to his body so that she couldn't regain the momentum for another punch.

"I hadn't even realized that we'd forgotten contraception. I hate to say it, but when I see you, all I can think about is making love to you and any form of birth control is far out of my mind's scope."

She stilled and absorbed his comment. A small smile formed on her face and happiness started growing inside of her. "Really?"

He nodded his head. "I guarantee that, when you're in my arms, the only thing I'm thinking about is how to get you to make those sexy sounds that you do while I'm kissing or touching you."

She pulled back, frowning suddenly. "I don't make any sounds!"

He chuckled and nodded his head. "Honey, you make the sexiest sounds I've ever heard coming out of a woman's mouth." He pushed her backwards so that the backs of her legs were against the desk and he leaned forward, pulling her against him as he bent his head. "Shall I demonstrate?" he asked her softly with a low voice.

"I don't think..." she started to say but he cut her off as he bent to kiss her.

Sure enough, moments after his mouth covered hers and his hands slipped higher, cupping her breast with his large hand, she whimpered all the while her own hands reached up to wrap around his neck.

Unfortunately, Isla didn't hear the sounds she made but Hussan did and he reached out to slam the office door closed, then picked her up and pushed her back onto the desk. "Told ya!" he growled as he slid the zipper down on her blue dress.

Isla had no idea what he was talking about but she certainly loved the way he touched and kissed her!

Epilogue

Isla smiled up at Hussan, unaware of the people smiling behind her as she placed her hand in his. "I love you," she whispered at his handsome face.

"I love you to, my darling wife." He then tucked her hand into his elbow and led her out of the room, leaving behind the others who had stood to witness their marriage. "Brace yourself," he warned and opened the newly fixed doors that led out onto a balcony of Hussan's palace.

As they stepped out onto the balcony, Hussan raised his arm into the air and pulled her close. She stepped out with him, a huge smile on her face and a glow about her that she had no idea was there, but the huge roar of the crowd below the balcony startled her slightly. She leaned in close to Hussan's side.

"They already love you," he said and kissed the top of her head.

She wished that were true but she looked up at him with happiness written all over their faces. "Not yet, but they will! I'll help them and I'll help you. You're truly an amazing man."

Hussan thought about telling her that the rumors had already spread across the country about her previously secret team that would sneak into villages and bandage up the wounded, or smuggled desperately needed medicines to various doctors. There were even pictures of her on the internet showing her reading to the children and delivering sweets or pastries to the hospitals. It was a shock that she didn't realize that this cheer was genuine. But she'd understand soon enough. He'd make sure of it.

He hugged her close as the crowd continued to cheer. There would be a parade and a huge festival and maybe, just maybe, he might let her join in some of the activities. But he had plans for her this afternoon which didn't include any of her family behind them or the crowds below. It required only the two of them and he would make sure that she remembered it thoroughly for the future.

