Prologue

The deep voice of the minister resonated throughout the beautifully decorated church, his eyes glancing over the congregation. "If there is anyone who thinks this union should not take place, speak now or forever hold your peace," the minister said and waited a moment, looking out to the pews filled with people. Only the candles flickered in response and the petals on the hundreds of flowers waited anxiously.

Laci held her breath but not in anticipation of an objection. There was a gorgeous man directly in front of her. His direct gaze with intense, dark blue eyes flustered her and warmed her skin. He was the most attractive man she had ever seen in her life. He was tall, at least six feet three inches with jet black hair, dark eyes that almost appeared black, his skin was dark and he had the broadest shoulders - she doubted there was any padding in the tuxedo adorning his gorgeous body.

And she had no idea what his name was.

He looked vaguely like the president of ATI but that couldn't be possible. Salvatore Attracelli had to be older than this man standing on the other side of the groom. He ran a multi-billion dollar a year conglomerate that employed thousands of people all over the world. This man was too young to be Salvatore. And too sexy. Heads of international companies were old and stuffy, out of shape, boring even. This man was virile and muscular in all the right places under that tuxedo. The man standing in front of her was probably one of the younger brothers that all worked in ATI as well.

The minister's voice interrupted her thoughts. Laci was brought back to the present and the solemnity of the moment by his next words. "By the power vested in me by the Commonwealth of Virginia, I now pronounce you husband and wife." The minister smiled widely as he continued, "You may now kiss the bride."

Laci sighed deeply as she watched her older sister Victoria, radiant and one of the happiest brides she'd ever seen, kiss her new husband, Thomas Attracelli, while the rest of the audience cheered. She was very happy for her sister, had even suggested that Victoria think of Thomas as a significant other months before when Victoria had first joined his team as an internal auditor for ATI.

Victoria, Laci's older sister by five years, and her new husband Thomas were walking down the aisle, now newly married and obviously deliriously happy.

Laci was the Maid of Honor in this huge parade and the moment when she would have to face the gorgeous man was coming soon. She hid behind feigned confidence as she took the offered hand of the sexy Best Man so he could escort her down the aisle behind the bride and groom. She hoped he didn't see through her bravado, but the enigmatic smile on his face made her doubt her ability to hide her interest and her timidity. She laid her hand carefully on his arm, praying he couldn't detect the small tremor his closeness generated.

She jumped slightly when he spoke, both because of his words and her tension at his closeness. "Aren't you happy for them?" his deep voice asked as he bent down to whisper in her ear.

"Of course!" she gasped, glancing shyly up at the man and forcing a wider smile on her face. "Why do you ask?" She couldn't hold his gaze though. There was something about this man that made her feel like she was looking onto her first grade school crush. Her stomach felt like it was filled with butterflies and she suspected that her palms were sweaty but she hoped not. That would be the ultimate embarrassment.

Laci impatiently brushed a strand of hair back over her shoulder wishing she had stood her ground against her sister and pinned her waist length, curling hair up in a bun as she normally wore it. Having it hang down her back, with the curls going every which way wasn't very sophisticated. And this man seemed very sophisticated.

"You seemed distracted during the ceremony," his deep voice said, in explanation for his question.

Laci blushed and glanced down at the floor, hoping he didn't notice the color in her cheeks. "No, I'm very happy for both of them. I wish they'd gotten together months ago."

He guided her to their place in the receiving line and she didn't have a chance to answer since the guests were now filing out of the church and each wanted to say hello to either Laci or the man next to her.

Laci hadn't been at the rehearsal dinner last night because her flight had been delayed from Michigan due to snow. They were standing in the receiving line for only five minutes before someone greeted him and she was able to learn his name. Salvatore Attracelli? The man who ran ATI, one of the largest conglomerates in the United States? She had known that Thomas worked for ATI which was run by his older brother. For some reason, she'd always pictured Salvatore as an older man, stilled in tradition and responsibility. From the way Victoria talked about him, she thought of him as nice, but kind of a stick in the mud. She'd even seen his picture on the internet. This urbane, sexy man standing next to her and introducing her to several of his friends and acquaintances as they passed hardly seemed like the man on the internet site.

Laci could not imagine this man as a stick in the mud. He practically reeked sexuality in a classy but blatant sort of way.

Shaking herself out of her reverie, Laci shook the next person's hand as they stepped in front of her. She was probably just overly tired, she thought as she pushed her hair back over her shoulder again and her elbow accidentally brushed up against his arm. She smiled up her apology, ignored the tingling in her arm, and turned to the next guest.

Her reaction to his smile and the reassuring arm that moved behind her to rest on the small of her back was out of proportion to the gesture, she told herself. "Pull yourself together, Laci" she mentally chided herself. "You've been studying for finals and then the Bar exam for weeks, and have been going on four hours of sleep a night for the past three weeks. Of course a gentle hand is going to affect you but there is no need to embarrass yourself and your older sister."

Laci plastered a smile on her face and nodded at whatever the woman in front of her was saying. She glanced down the line and was grateful to see the end finally in sight.

"Almost done," Sal's deep voice said in her ear. "Can you make it?"

"I think so," she whispered back, smothering a laugh since she'd been caught hoping for an escape, "as long as no one else asked me if I'm excited for my sister. I've only answered that about two hundred and fifty times. Two hundred and fifty one...I'm not responsible for my actions," she whispered, wrinkling her nose slightly. "Was I that obvious?"

"You look about ready to wilt," he said but his eyes were laughing, telling her that he was silently agreeing with her comment on the repetitive questions.

The next few hours were a blur. The only two things she remembered were his name, Salvatore Attracelli, and standing in his strong, secure embrace, enjoying the muscular arms holding her gently as they danced for a few brief moments during the dance for the Maid of Honor and Best Man. He was the first true gentleman she'd ever met and she savored the feeling of dancing in his arms. He held her as if she were a priceless piece of china.

Most of the men she dated pushed and pressured her as much as possible, trying to control her in some way. She must present a challenge to them because she was usually fighting against their restrictions, both physical and emotional. But this man held her gently and confidently within his strong embrace. It was a feeling she wasn't used to but could easily learn to appreciate.

She danced with several other men during the reception, laughed at the toasts and went through the motions of celebrating her sister's wedding. And the whole time, she kept peering through the crowd, hoping for another look at him, wishing she could dance in his arms again, feel his strong fingers holding her hand in his.

Laci shook her head as she ducked around a column when he caught her eye at one point in the evening. It wasn't like her to be so shy. Her normal modus opperandi was to walk up to a man she was interested in and talk to him, joke with him, possibly ask him out. Why was she now hiding behind furniture and wall obstacles in an effort to peek at him without his knowledge? What was it about this man that made her tremble? He was definitely gorgeous and sexier than any man had a right to be.

Laci laughed to herself at that description.

It was too mild a term for his appearance. It would be better to say he was toe-curling, mind-bending, breathtakingly handsome. But was that any reason to act like a fifth grader on her first date?

No way, she told herself and straightened her shoulders in an effort to gain some gumption. She was no one's wall flower!

Laci loved life and threw herself into it with all the energy her body contained. She was always up for an adventure or a new experience. And perhaps some men considered that a threat but she didn't really care. She knew some of her previous boyfriends had broken up with her because she loved living and experiencing new things more than she liked spending time with them.

Unfortunately, this man who stimulated every sense in her system didn't seem affected by her in any way other than as the younger sister to his newest sister in law. An unfortunate situation, Laci thought at several points throughout the evening. Why were only the wrong sorts attracted to her? If a man was controlling, manipulative or just plain irritating, they seemed to be magnetized to her in some sort of way.

She'd had that discussion with her sister several times but neither could come up with an adequate explanation. They both just accepted that Laci's free spirit was a challenge to some kinds of men who needed to tame and control her.

She accepted a dance from yet another man, this one heavy set and balding who had clammy, soft hands. She smiled and conversed with him but was happy to leave his arms at the end of the dance. Her toes didn't appreciate his lack of precision on the dance floor no matter how many times he apologized.

She sat down at one of the beautifully decorated tables and took a sip of champagne. She sighed as she watched Sal dance in the arms of a lovely blonde with a low-cut, black cocktail dress on. He didn't even glance in her direction this time which she was grateful for. Laci smoothed the lovely lilac bridesmaid dress over her shoulder. It was very nice but it wasn't very sophisticated. In fact, it made her feel like she was ready for a prom instead of a wedding.

She watched as the attractive couple swayed to the beat of the music and sighed. Why couldn't this man, this incredibly sexy, virile and reputedly intelligent man see her as something more than a child?

During their short dance together as the Maid of Honor and Best man, the only words spoken between them were generalities, mostly about the weather and how her exams went. She was flattered that he had taken the time to find out about her, even if he looked at her as if he were fifty years older than her instead of only ten.

Later that night, Laci sighed with fatigue as she climbed between the cold sheets of her bed that night and reminded herself that she was twenty five, not fifty five. Unfortunately, her body felt the latter. She was tired, too tired to do anything more than sleep and survive until her grades came in. Then she'd start the search for a job. She had a few offers from some prestigious law firms. But none of them made jump her up and down with excitement.

Despite her exhausted state, she couldn't sleep that night. Her mind replayed the few short moments when she was held in Salvatore's arms, feeling cherished and special.

Chapter 1

Three Years Later

Matt McGinlly, the head of ATI's legal department came into Sal's office and held out a file folder. "Sal, the workers in the Michigan and Richmond plants are up for re-negotiation of their contracts. I have a list of their requests," he said.

Sal looked up from the report he'd been reviewing and smiled at Matt. "This is for Templar Pharmaceuticals? What are their requests?" he asked, putting aside the papers and taking the new documents Matt offered him. He leaned back in his leather chair and scanned the list. "What's the output and profit for each of these plants?" he asked not bothering to look up as he absorbed all the information Matt had compiled for his review.

Knowing that Sal would ask that question, Matt already had the statistics. He settled into the chair in front of Sal's desk and leaned back, propping one ankle on top of the opposite knee. "They are great. For the fifth year in a row, output has increased by three percent and profit has gone from four percent when we bought it to over thirteen percent this past year. The workers are happy with the benefits they received from us when we took over the plant and it shows in the increased productivity and decreased accidents and mistakes."

Sal nodded, reading the information more carefully. He put down the papers and stood up, thinking about a possibility, wondering if his plan would work. He looked out the window at the panoramic view of Washington, D.C. but didn't really see the sun setting on the horizon. The neon colors of red, orange, purple and pink didn't impact his consciousness as he considered all the ramifications of his plan.

Could he really do what he had been considering for the past year? Would it work? Was it fair? It wasn't really. But in this instance, would the ends justify the means? He thought so. He hoped so.

He'd been working on the plan for a while and it was finally time to put action to his thoughts. As he reviewed his memory, he realized that there really wasn't any question. He hadn't been able to come up with an alternative over the past few years to get in touch with her. This was it, now or never. Why was he even hesitating?

Matt sat in one of the chairs facing Sal's desk, wondering what was going through his boss's mind. The past few negotiations with this particular group of workers had gone through with barely a hitch. When ATI, Inc. took over a company, they usually came in and increased the benefits, got rid of a lot of dead wood or bad management and genuinely listened to the concerns of the workers. It was one of the reasons ATI had grown to be such a huge conglomerate. The Attracelli family ran all the various companies with Salvatore Attracelli at the helm and Matt had always been in awe of the business acumen from the man facing the windows.

Not only was it odd that Sal was actually thinking about something. It was unusual for him to not be amazingly decisive. No matter what the issue, Sal usually had a quick answer for everything. There was no hesitation. The man had an incredible head for business, increasing the revenue of ATI about ten percent each year for the past six years - ever since he took over after his parents' death.

"The lawyers for the workers are Massey and Mehan, correct?" Sal asked suddenly, turning to look at Matt.

Matt nodded. "Why?" he questioned, a little concerned. Sal tried very hard to keep things out of mediation. Matt didn't understand this latest question. It seemed like a no brainer to give the workers what they were asking for. Why were negotiations even a consideration.

"Let me get back to you on this," Sal said and picked up the next file on his desk.

Matt understood that he had been dismissed and he walked back to his office, wondering what was happening. ATI tried hard to be fair and none of the current requests from the workers were out of line.

As soon as Sal was alone in his office, he picked up the phone on his desk and dialed a number. A man immediately picked up the phone, "Phil Massey," he said in a no nonsense voice.

"Phil, how have you been?" Sal started out.

"Great Sal!" he said cheerfully, immediately recognizing Sal's voice, "And I'd be even better if you'd give me another chance to beat you at squash."

"You got it. Call Norma to schedule a time."

"I will. What can I do for you?" Phil Massey asked, understanding that this was more than a friendly call.

"Who is the lead on the Templar union contract?" he asked.

Sal heard Phil typing on his computer a moment. "That would be Jim McPherson and Laci Anderson. Why? Are there some issues that need to be worked out?"

"There might be," Sal responded. "If ATI starts negotiations, can McPherson and Anderson maintain confidentiality?"

"Absolutely. But you're in for a tough fight. Those two are great negotiators. Jim is tough and Laci is one of the best lawyers I've had. She's coming up the ranks."

"That's what I'm hoping for," Sal said. "Thanks for the information. I'll let you know if any issues need smoothing out."

Sal turned and stared out the window. He thought of the woman who had trembled in his arms during one short dance three years ago. She was the complete opposite of what he was usually attracted to in women. He usually dated tall, sophisticated, blonds who knew the game and how to play it. He liked women who were passionate and could tell him what they wanted with that passion.

Somehow, Laci seemed small and fragile despite her luscious figure. The top of her head barely reached his chin and, instead of a sultry blond, she was a blue eyed brunette with long, softly curling hair and beautiful, soft-looking skin that he wanted to touch to feel if it was as silky as it looked. She also had the brightest smile he had ever seen. When she looked up at him, her smile seemed to warm him all the way to his heart. And in some, un-definable way, she challenged him as well. He knew there were depths to her personality and he wanted to find out everything about her, explore each layer and discover what made her tick. He refused to call it an obsession even though his curiosity hadn't waned in the three years since he'd last seen her. It was more of a mystery he wanted to solve, he told himself.

Since he was admitting his interest, he didn't discount the way she filled out that purple dress. His memory of her in that satin gown had haunted his dreams for several nights after his brother's wedding. He vividly remembered her tiny waist, slender hips and long legs, all topped off by voluptuous breasts Sal still thought about.

Did she still look as gorgeous? She'd been a college student back then, he remembered. Would she have gained weight? Filled out differently? Did it matter, he wondered? He had thought about her so many times over the past three years he knew she had gotten under his skin.

During their one dance, he hadn't dared to hold her close, feeling it wasn't appropriate because of their ages. But she'd had three years to grow up since he'd last seen her.

Would she be different? Would she be cynical? He certainly hoped not. Her vitality and freshness had been such an alluring trait. She had been refreshing, he thought.

Although he hadn't seen her in three years, he'd kept tabs on her through her sister Victoria. The whole Attracelli family got together every Sunday to attend church, and then headed over to Sal's house for a family dinner. It was during those meals that Sal was able to casually ask about Laci, where she was and how she was doing. He'd heard about her employment with a top Washington, D.C. law firm after college and how she had worked up the ranks to reach a lauded negotiator's position within the firm. He'd also heard rumors about her skills from other companies, all of whom were impressed with her legal abilities.

Chapter 2

Two days later, Sal put his plan into place. Calling Matt back into his office, he outlined the counter requests for the negotiations.

"Here's a list of the items I want discussed. This is all to remain completely confidential. We'll offer the main conference room for the negotiations. I'll have Norma make sure it is available from here on out, at least for the next six weeks."

Matt looked astonished. "I don't get it. Why the changes? I didn't see anything wrong with the requests."

Sal looked at Matt. "There's more to it than I am at liberty to say," was all he would reveal.

Matt took in Sal's stern expression and stood up. "I understand," he said. After a moment, he shook his head and said, "Actually, I don't but I know you have your reasons." Matt took the list and left the office, leaving Sal with a mysterious expression on his face.

Sal put his hands into his pants pockets, trying to anticipate all the possible outcomes of this action. He considered each of his brothers and how he would counter their arguments. Satisfied that he had everything covered, he called up Phil Massey again.

"Phil - we're starting. Can your people meet tomorrow to discuss the initial list of requests?'

Phil hesitated for only a moment. "I'll have them there."

They discussed details for a few minutes, and then hung up, agreeing to play squash later in the week.

Laci held her briefcase in front of her as she and Jim rode up the elevators. She tried not to let her nervousness show, but she wasn't sure she was accomplishing anything.

She was about to see Salvatore Attracelli again after three years. She'd seen his picture in the newspaper occasionally. He regularly dated society women or models which made the paparazzi drool. The business section quoted him occasionally as well. He was one of the business power people of Washington, D.C., setting the trends and leading the pack.

But was he really as gorgeous as she remembered? As handsome in person as he was in the newspaper? She couldn't imagine anyone could live up to her memories. He was almost larger than life now and too handsome for words in her mind. Laci convinced herself that she'd built him up in her mind because she'd been so tired and overwhelmed with finals for school, job interviews and studying for the Bar exam.

Oh, but the way he'd made her feel as they'd danced slowly together! She thought back to that one dance and how she had shivered in his arms, loving the gentle but firm way he'd held her.

Laci shook her head and refocused on the present. That had probably just been the exhaustion but he had made her blood sing. She remembered the muscles under the fine wool of his tuxedo. And the strong legs leading her through the dance. He had so much strength, but his hands had been extremely gentle, as if she had been made of china.

She probably wouldn't even see him, she thought as the elevator ding sounded, indicating that they had reached the fifteenth floor. The doors opened silently. The executive lobby was an impressive room, filled with gorgeous, wood antique furniture and thick green carpeting. The lighting was subtle and subdued. Laci hesitated before stepping onto the carpet, suddenly feeling like a school girl again.

A stern woman in a brown tweed suit was heading directly towards them, a slight smile on her face that didn't reach her eyes. "I'm Norma, Mr. Attracelli's secretary." She turned her stern gaze onto Jim. "You must be Jim McPherson," she said and extended her hand to shake Jim's. "And you're Laci Anderson," she said and offered the same hand. "If you'll follow me, I'll take you to the conference room," she said and immediately turned, not waiting for a response from Jim or Laci.

Jim glanced at Laci, his eyes widening, indicating that he had the same impression of the fire breathing woman. Laci had to suppress a laugh, understanding his look immediately.

They were led into a handsomely appointed conference room with a long table polished to a high gloss. At one end, the wall consisted completely of floor to ceiling windows. The other end of the room held a bar and sitting area. There were twelve leather chairs surrounding the table.

"Can I get you a cup of coffee or tea?" Norma asked, standing beside the door as if she were about to bolt away.

Both Laci and Jim declined and Norma went on to explain, "Matt Kingsley will be here shortly. He is the ATI lead for these negotiations. I'll ensure that he is on the way so you both aren't kept waiting." With those words, she left the room, leaving Jim and Laci to stare blankly at the door.

Laci immediately put her briefcase down beside one of the leather chairs and turned to Jim. "What do you think?" she asked.

Jim shook his head. "I'm not sure what to think," he said, referring to the reason they were here. "It is odd to have to work this one with ATI based on their union-friendly reputation. We'll have to see how this plays out," he said.

Laci nodded her head in agreement. "I wonder what he's up to."

"Who?"

"Salvatore Attracelli," Laci explained, biting her lower lip in concentration. "It's just odd the way this is falling out. I wonder if something else is going on that we're not aware of," she said.

"Do I always have to have an ulterior motive?" a deep voice from the doorway asked.

Laci's heart immediately went into overtime as soon as she heard his voice. She had her back to the door to the conference room but she slowly turned to face him.

It was worse than she realized. The man standing non-challantly in the doorway was more handsome, more attractive and definitely more dangerous than she remembered from her sister's wedding.

This man was devastatingly gorgeous, she thought.

Sal came over and took Jim's hand. "You must be Jim McPherson. I've heard good things about you. Glad to meet you," he said. Then he turned to Laci. "How have you been?" he asked, his eyes taking in her face.

Laci smiled, wishing she could think of a witty reply. But all she could come up with was, "Fine, thanks."

Another voice came in and interrupted her thoughts. Laci was thankful to be introduced to Matt Kingsley, apparently the legal director for ATI.

"I'll leave you all in good hands," Sal said. "Laci, can you stop by my office before you leave today?" he asked from the conference room doorway.

Again, all she could do was nod her head.

He left the conference room and she was able to relax again. And breathe. Her breath came out in a huge 'whoosh'. She hadn't even realized that she'd been holding it.

The three of them sat down at the conference table and pulled out their notes. "How about if we go over the salient points?" Jim said as he sat across from Matt.

The three of them discussed the larger issues on the table for about an hour. By that time, Jim had another meeting and they agreed to start in earnest the following afternoon.

Jim left Laci on her own, the two of them driving separate cars because of Jim's previous engagement. Laci was faced with finding Sal's office by herself. She would much rather have left with Jim instead of facing him again. She was actually terrified of her attraction to Sal. She wasn't able to think clearly when he was close. Or even far away for that matter. Despite her fear, there was also a feeling of excitement at the prospect of seeing him again, talking to him, just being close to someone as sexy and dynamic as Sal Attracelli. Her shaking legs carried her down the hallway, instinctively knowing where to find the man.

Norma was not at her desk but Laci saw Sal at the same moment he noticed her standing in front of the outer office desk. The door was open while he talked on a conference call. He waived her into his office, then motioned for her to take a seat in front of his desk.

Laci sat and watched, listening with only half an ear as he discussed numbers and financial details for some other project he was working on. She was able to watch him to her heart's content, knowing that he was concentrating on the phone conversation so she wouldn't be noticed.

He had his suit jacket off and his sleeves rolled up slightly. She could see the muscles in his forearms and the light sprinkling of hair. He turned around to pick up a file off the bureau behind his desk and she was given a full view of his backside. Very impressive she thought, staring.

Unfortunately, she couldn't tear her eyes away in time and was caught! He turned around unexpectedly, her eyes going from his hip area, immediately to his eyes to see if he'd seen her staring. And their eyes collided, Laci's face becoming hot.

She immediately looked down at the carpet, wishing she could hide somewhere but not having the courage to get up and leave.

The conversation ended a moment later and Laci pulled herself together. Looking up at him again, she saw the slight smile on his face as he came around the desk. "How have you been?" he asked, putting a hip on the edge of his desk, one leg hanging over the side, the other on the floor. He looked like something out of GQ magazine.

Taking a deep breath, she decided to give in to the pleasure of talking with him. "I've been doing well. How about you?" she asked, forcing her eyes to meet his again.

"Doing well, thanks. You've done extremely well for yourself over the years," he said, referencing her position as a negotiator.

"It's been interesting. I like the work."

Norma came in and nodded to him and he nodded back, a silent message being conveyed between the two of them.

He was grabbing his coat and looking at his watch. "Are you in a hurry?" he asked.

"No...I mean..." Laci started.

"Great. Then let me buy you lunch," he said and took her hand in his strong one.

Laci tried pulling her hand out of his but he wouldn't let her. "You don't need to buy me lunch," she said but stood up feeling awkward with him standing next to her while she sat in the chair.

"I'd like to," he said and put a hand in the small of her back to guide her out of his office. "What have you been up to for the past three years?" he was saying.

"Um...mostly just working," she said as he pressed the elevator button.

"I've heard good things about you," he said as they stepped into the small, wood paneled cube, descending to the lobby. "You've built a great reputation in a short time," he said.

Laci flushed with pleasure. "Thank you," she said, letting him guide her out the front doors. They walked across the street to an elegant restaurant and were immediately seated.

The maitre'd pulled out a silk upholstered chair and waited for her to be seated, then spread her napkin across her lap before offering her a menu. Laci took it automatically, wondering where she had lost control of this encounter. Well, she'd never had control so it wasn't a matter of losing it. As she skimmed the menu, she told herself that she needed to assert some control, get some bearings and strengthen her position.

Deciding on a salad, she put down the menu and realized that he had been watching her. "What's going on?" she asked, deciding to be blunt.

Sal's eyebrow went up. "Going on?" He leaned forward. "I'm just enjoying dining with a beautiful woman." The wine steward came up to their table and Sal immediately ordered a bottle of 1957 wine.

Laci smiled and crossed her arms on the table in front of her. "That's flattering, but I suspect that there's something behind your lunch."

Sal smiled slowly, showing even white teeth. "Perhaps I have designs on you personally."

She laughed. "Really," she replied, immediately dismissing the idea. "Are you trying to alter the negotiations in some way? If so, I have to warn you that it won't work. The requests from the union members are valid and you have had a great year financially."

"So you don't think that I could possibly want to get to know you better personally?" he asked, nodding to the waiter displaying the bottle of wine, indicating that he should go ahead and serve instead of supplying the initial taste for Sal's approval.

Laci laughed. "No." She smiled to the waiter who poured her a glass of wine.

"Why not?"

Leaning back against the comfortable chair, she took in his charm and handsome face. "Because I'm not your type."

He raised his eyebrows at that comment. "How do you know what my type is?"

Laci's head tilted to the side and her eyes narrowed in thought. "Let me guess," she said, putting a finger to the side of her nose. "Blond?"

Sal's only acknowledgement was a raising of one eyebrow. But she continued.

"Tall. Definitely tall," she said.

"Why tall?"

"Because you are tall. Stooping you know," she said, laughing at his controlled expression. She was hitting a nerve and she liked it. It made him seem more human, approachable.

"Go on," he prompted.

Laci thought for another moment. "I would guess bored, cynical and possibly temperamental but not around you."

"Anything else?"

Laci laughed, watching his control turn to assumed boredom. "And someone who doesn't tease you in any way," she finished.

"Were you teasing?" he asked dryly.

Sal sat back in his chair and enjoyed her refreshing humor. She was definitely a breath of fresh air. And she was more lovely than he remembered now that she was sitting across from him, looking like a seductress. Even the boring tweed suit couldn't detract from her porcelain skin, her twinkling eyes that sparkled when she teased him. The prim cut of the suit couldn't hide her luscious figure either. Her breasts were too full while her waist and her hips were too slender.

"No. But I can tell you'd try to stare anyone who teased you into submission. I'd assume you are not used to anyone disagreeing with you either."

Sal shook his head. "Not true. People disagree with me all the time. My brothers..."

"Don't count," she interrupted. "Family doesn't count in this. You can't get rid of family. You can get rid of girlfriends, boyfriends or employees. Besides, we were discussing your taste in women, not your family dynamics," she countered. She leaned back, feeling more in control as she took a sip of wine.

"I guess you have me all figured out," he said. Then he slowly leaned forward and took her hand. "Except for one thing," he said, rubbing his thumb against the palm of her hand.

Laci's mouth went dry. "What's that?" she croaked.

"If my type is tall, blond, spoiled women, why am I here with you?" he asked.

Laci pulled her hand out from his, hiding both under the table. "That brings us back full circle. Why am I here?" she challenged.

"As I said, you're a beautiful woman and I'd like to get to know you better."

She shook her head. "I don't believe you," she said breathlessly.

Sal sighed. "Well, then, how about if you try and get to know me? As part of the negotiating team, shouldn't you be trying to find out more about me? Find my weaknesses? It's easier to do in a social setting. If you wait until we're in the heat of an argument over health benefits, you won't have many weapons at your disposal."

Laci knew he was right. Part of her job was to understand the opposition so she could better argue the possible points brought up.

"What's it like running a company as large as ATI?" she asked tentatively.

She saw approval in his eyes with her question. She wished it didn't matter, but for some reason, his approval was very important to her.

"I assume it has its ups and down's just like any other job," he answered.

Laci shook her head. "But you're responsible for over fifty thousand workers. Doesn't that weigh on your mind a little?"

"Of course. But if I think about it too much, I won't be able to react."

"I guess that's true. How did you train to become the head of a multi national corporation?

"The same as anyone I guess. I was raised to the position. As were all my brothers."

"Don't you have a sister as well?"

"Actually, I had two. One died a long time ago. Antonia doesn't work in the family business but works with her husband."

Laci smiled at that comment. "I heard a little bit about Antonia's romance with Brett Hancock. I understand there were some issues with them."

Sal grimaced. "Well, that's all the in past. They have a little girl now."

"I heard," Laci smiled nostalgically.

"What about you?"

"What about me?" Laci said, coming back to reality.

"Do you want to get married, have kids?"

Laci looked down at her napkin. "Oh, sure. I bet every woman wants that deep down at some point in her life."

"Why aren't you married yet?"

"My prince charming hasn't come and swept me off my feet," she joked.

"And if he did?"

Grimacing, she shook her head, "I'd probably think he was trying to mug me and hit him over the head, then the other way as fast as my feet could move."

Sal threw back his head and laughed. "I can imagine you doing just that," he said when he stopped laughing.

Laci blushed at the look of admiration in his eyes. "Well, yes." She said awkwardly. "How old were you when you started running ATI?" she asked, searching for a safer topic.

"I was thirty when my father died but I'd been running things for about four years before that. What about you?" he asked. "Why did you decide to go into law school?"

Laci took a sip of wine, smiling over the rim. "It isn't a wonderful story, I guarantee."

"Let me be the judge," he replied.

She set down her wine glass and folded her hands on her napkin. "When I was in high school, I worked part time as a waitress for an ice cream parlor. It was fun but I didn't make a lot of money. I had a junky old car that broke down pretty often."

She watched him, trying to gauge whether he was really interested. But he just smiled interestedly so she went on. "I fixed whatever I could by myself but when it was too complicated, I had to take it to a mechanic. I didn't know it at the time but once I found out a little more about cars, I realized I was being swindled. As I got older, I was able to learn more and found out that most of the parts I had been paying to be replaced, hadn't found their way to my car. And if they were installed, some hadn't needed to be replaced in the first place. So when I went to college, I decided that I was going to get my law degree so I could sue mechanics."

Sal chuckled. "As good a motivation as any," he said.

Their lunch came and Laci savored the wonderful tastes of the perfectly cooked salmon and salad.

"Why all the odd demands?" she asked bluntly.

Sal looked up at her, his face a blank mask. "Why do you think they are odd?"

"They aren't odd, necessarily. But they just don't fit with your normal mode of operating."

"Perhaps it is time to spice up the competition. If everyone knows what one is going to do, life becomes a little boring, doesn't it?"

"Is that what you're trying to do? Confuse your competition?"

"No," was all he said.

Laci laughed. "Ok. I'll accept that there's a motivation behind this that is cloaked in privacy at the moment, but why the secrecy?"

"As you said, there are reasons for everything."

"You're a very mysterious man, did you know that?"

"No. I don't believe anyone has ever told me that," he said.

They talked about generalities while they finished their lunch then Sal walked her back to the building. "Are you finished here for the day?" he asked at the elevators.

"Yes. We'll start again tomorrow in earnest. Today was just a preliminary discussion to understand what the main issues are."

"Have dinner with me tomorrow night," he said, looking down at her, looking at each of her features as he waited for her answer.

"I'm sorry but that's impossible," she said, trying to look away from his intense gaze. But it was as if she were hypnotized, and she held her breath, aware only of him at the moment.

"Nothing's impossible," he said, moving out of the way of a stranger, which moved him closer to her. Laci had to step back, unable to remain so close to his body.

"Ok, it isn't a good idea," she clarified.

"For who?"

Laci laughed at his directness. "For me," she said and reached for the button to call the down elevator. But he stopped her by catching her hand.

"Why?"

"Because...." She couldn't think with him holding her hand. She reminded herself that he was an expert at playing this game and she needed to think of the workers she represented.

"Are you afraid of me?" he asked, pulling her out of the flow of traffic as an elevator opened up and a group of people came rushing out.

Laci pulled her hand free and took a deep breath. "Look, I'm not sure what you're trying to pull here, but I have a responsibility to the workers who employ me. Meeting with you socially would compromise that responsibility."

"So don't let it," he said simply.

"I can't turn off my emotions like that," she said and glanced up at his face. The smile that suddenly appeared was not a good sign, she thought. "What did I say to make you laugh?"

Sal put a hand on the small of her back and led her back to the bank of elevators, pressing both the up and down buttons. "Because you admitted that I affect you. That's good enough for me," he said just as an elevator going down opened up. "For now," he finished.

She stepped inside, confused. "I didn't...." she said, but the elevator doors closed on her. Her last glimpse was of him standing there, smiling with his arms crossed over his chest looking smugly confident.

Chapter 3

Laci gritted her teeth as she unlocked her car door. That man was entirely too arrogant for his own good. "'I affect you'", she snarled as she slammed her car door closed. "I'll show you how much I'm going to affect you..." she said to the steering wheel. She pulled out of the parking lot, cut off another vehicle trying to enter the line of traffic and sped up just in time to make the yellow light.

Once she reached her office, Laci forced herself to stop thinking of him and his arrogant comments. She pulled the heavy files out of her drawer, searching through documents in an effort to find a way to convince ATI to meet the demands of the union workers. And each time a sexy, smiling face came into her head, she just dug in deeper to her files.

The next three days were horrible. She and Jim worked with Matt Kingsley and the ATI legal team on the negotiations for four hours each afternoon. By Friday, she was exhausted and didn't really have anything to show for her efforts. Jim was technically the lead negotiator but Laci was more of a partner than a junior aide. So she had responsibility for half the items under negotiation and Jim had the other half. Each took turns working through the details of each issue with the ATI counterparts. By five o'clock on Friday, she had only made small dents in each of her issues but they weren't very significant.

On the up side, neither had the ATI team. She had been able to hold her ground on all issues, not relenting on the major topics and seemed to have argued their merit well.

There was something strange about the way the ATI team was working but Laci couldn't put her finger on what it was. She watched from the sidelines when Jim and Matt were discussing the details. There was some indefinable quality to Matt's arguments that made her curious but the specifics were hard to pin point.

Laci pushed a pin back into her bun, wishing she could just let the whole mess of hair down. She'd started her day early this morning, getting into the office at six in an effort to refine some points she wanted to make that day. So she'd had her hair twisted up into a tight knot for almost twelve hours. The black wool suit and white silk shirt, initially a choice designed to give her confidence, was now too restrictive. She wanted to just throw off the jacket so she could move her arms more freely. And she wouldn't mind wriggling her toes instead of having them cramped up in these tight, high heeled shoes.

She looked out the window and noticed the setting sun. It was Friday evening and she wanted to run around, dance, sing at the top of her lungs. Maybe eat a whole bowl of greasy popcorn and watch a movie - anything but sit in this luxurious conference room making no progress on minute details of union workers contract requests.

She tapped her pencil against the conference room table, irritated by the slow progress of the discussion. The other members of the group seemed to be very interested in the discussion, apparently oblivious to the fact that it was Friday night, a time to go out with friends, relax and kick up one's heels.

She sighed as she took in the three other members of the group. All were very straight-laced, earnest looking men who took their jobs very seriously. Laci also took her job seriously but she knew when to stop and live a little. This discussion was going nowhere. In her opinion, they all needed to step back and regroup.

Laci looked across the table and wondered what Matt would do if she just reached across the table and mussed his hair. He seemed like a very strict kind of fellow. She came to the conclusion that he probably wouldn't react very well. Maybe if she tossed her pencil....

Concentrate Laci! She was having silly thoughts and that was a bad sign. She usually got this way when she was too tired.

An hour later, they were finally packing up and Laci could barely think anymore, much less want to run around town with friends. She was stuffing papers into her briefcase when Sal strolled into the conference room, sleeves rolled up, hands in his pockets. "How are things going?" he asked Matt and Jim.

"Slow," Jim responded grimly without hesitation.

Sal nodded slowly. He reviewed the list and the details sketched out about each. Then let the paper float back to the conference table. He looked up suddenly and caught Laci's eyes. "Could I talk to you for a few minutes?" he asked.

Laci tried to hide the surprise from showing on her face. He seemed serious. "Sure," she said, picking up her purse and briefcase and followed him to the conference room doorway. "I'll talk to you Monday, Jim" she said, leaving the conference room in Sal's wake.

She followed him into his office, placing her briefcase beside a chair. She then stood in the middle of the room with her arms crossed over her stomach, waiting for him to start.

He walked over to a wall beautifully paneled in dark wood. He pressed a hidden button and the panels opened up to reveal a fully stocked bar, complete with refrigerator and all kinds of glasses. "Can I get you a drink?"

"No thank you. I really...."

"Scared?" he challenged, raising one eyebrow.

"No!" she said. Too late, she saw the curve of his lips. She'd fallen into his trap.

"Good. Then have a drink with me and fill me in on the negotiations."

"Fine," she said, her chin taking on a challenging angle. She was not going to be intimidated by this man any longer. She could meet him on his own turf. "How about a sour apple martini?" she threw right back at him, challenging him right back. "But only if you have the maraschino cherry. Not really worth the effort without the cherry," she said, not caring that she sounded punchy. She was tired and frustrated. And since it was his company that was frustrating her, he could bear the brunt of her mood. She then pulled off her jacket and laid it on the back of a chair, not caring anymore about etiquette. "If you don't have the cherry, I'll just have a shot of tequila." Laci strolled about, not caring that he probably didn't have the ingredients for a sour apple martini - if he even knew what they were. And most private bars didn't have tequila either. "What a great view. How do you get any work done?" she asked.

"My back is usually to the window so it isn't an issue," he said as he mixed some ingredients behind the bar.

She could hear the laughter in his voice but ignored it. "Have you ever thought of sky diving off the building? You'd probably get a really good lift from the roof," she said, leaning against the window in an attempt to see the top ledge.

"Honestly, that has never occurred to me," he said from right behind her, smothering a chuckle.

Laci jumped about a foot, thinking he was still over by the bar trying to figure out what kind of drink to make her. But instead he was standing right behind her, holding out a martini glass filled with a golden liquid complete with a maraschino cherry gracing the bottom. Her eyes slashed to his in a frustrated glare but she took the drink, careful not to touch his fingers.

Laci turned away and walked several steps towards the sitting area before she took a sip. Perfect! Dammit! "How in the world do you know how to make a sour apple martini?" she demanded, throwing her free hand up in the air in exasperation. Was there anything this man couldn't do?

Sal laughed at her anger. "Did you know that your nostrils flare when you're angry like that?" he said quietly, smothering another chuckle.

He took a sip of his martini - a gin martini she suspected, then looked at her features. "You're tired. Why?"

"Because I've been working hard. Why aren't you tired?" she asked, taking another sip of her martini, loving the sweet and sour taste of the liquor. "And you didn't answer my question. So stop changing the subject. My nose is not very interesting."

"Well that's debatable," he said. "But I'm afraid I can't reveal my secret to bar tending," he said, moving slightly closer. "Why did you ask for it if you thought I didn't know how to make it?"

"Because I didn't think you'd know how to make it," she said as if that explained everything. Laci stepped around him and carefully moved towards the comfortable sofa and chairs set up near the now revealed bar. She chose a chair, thinking it would be the safest place. He wouldn't be able to sit down next to her.

"What do you want to know about the progress? We haven't really made any so I don't think I can fill you in on many details." She hated the quiver in her voice. She was trying to appear confident, but she was terrified and overwhelmed by his good looks and some characteristic about him that just made her want to lean in to him and kiss his sexy lips.

She took another sip of her martini, looking back at him as if she'd just won a major victory over her seating choice. But he took in her victorious expressions and smiled mysteriously. He casually followed her, then sat down on the coffee table, inches from her crossed legs. Setting his martini glass on the table beside his thigh, he gently picked up her foot, his fingers sliding down the calf as he lifted her leg and rested it on his knee.

"Why are you working so hard at avoiding me?" he asked.

Thankfully her martini glass was sitting on the table beside the chair. At his first touch, both her hands grasped the arms of the chair while her body instantly started tingling. "What are you doing?" she asked nervously, trying to pull her foot away, her victorious expression turning to panic as his strong hands held her ankle.

"Making you more comfortable," he said, then slipped her shoe off her foot and started massaging the arch of her foot. Laci couldn't help it. At the first touch of his hands on her feet, her shoulders relaxed, her head fell back on the cushions and she let out a moan of pleasure, the pain instantly leaving her foot. "That feels wonderful."

"Now answer my question," he said.

Laci didn't bother lifting her head up. Her eyes were closed and all she could feel was the alcohol easing the stress from her body and his strong fingers massaging the pain from her foot. "Mmmm....Because you're using our acquaintance to get your way on the negotiations. So I'm trying to stay away from you," she said. Then her head popped up and she grinned elfishly. "I'm not doing a very good job, am I?"

Sal couldn't help himself. The laughter burst out of him. He'd expected another lie so her honesty caught him off guard. "Not really," he said, her smile infectious. "Why do you think I'm only interested in you because of the negotiations?"

Laci laughed deep in her throat. "Don't flatter me. I've seen your picture in the newspapers. The women on your arm are glamorous, famous and incredibly beautiful. I'm not your type, just as I said the other day." She pulled her foot out of his hands, intending to put her shoe back on and get up to leave. But he just pulled the other foot onto his leg and took off that shoe.

"You don't have to do that," she said, but couldn't pull it away as his fingers massaged the pain out of that one just as he had the first. The feeling was too wonderful for words.

Sal ignored her protest and continued to massage the second foot, concentrating on the arch and working his way to the stocking encased toes. "What if I said you were wrong about my type," he asked.

Laci didn't respond. She simply lifted her shoulders, her head leaning against the cushions again as the knots in her foot slowly loosened and left her muscles.

Suddenly, she looked up, staring at him straight in the eye. "Have you ever been sky diving?" she asked.

Sal blinked. "Yes," he responded unthinkingly.

"When?"

"A few years ago."

"Why?"

Sal laughed, leaning back so his hands were supporting him against the coffee table. "If I told you, I'd have to kill you," he said, using the old spy phrase.

Laci couldn't help it. He looked so serious. She just started laughing and couldn't stop for several minutes. When she finally got control of herself, she had to wipe the tears from the corners of her eyes. "Oh, thank you," she said. "I really needed a laugh," she explained.

"I guess you don't get many jokes in your line of work," he said.

"Only the occasional lawyer joke," she said standing up and taking her martini with her. "Have you really been sky diving before?"

"Yes."

"What was it like?" she asked.

"Why?"

Laci shrugged. "I was just wondering."

"I'm not sure words can describe the feeling," he said and got up to follow her. She was facing him, leaning against his desk. "You're not planning on going sky diving, are you?" he questioned.

She almost choked on the sip of martini she'd taken. "No way. I'm terrified of heights. I'd be paralyzed."

Laci thought there was a slight decrease in the tension in his shoulders. But she dismissed the idea, thinking she'd just imagined his concern.

"Have you done anything else dangerous?"

"What do you consider dangerous?" he questioned, moving closer.

"Mmmm, scuba diving?" she asked.

He nodded. With each question and answer, he slowly closed the distance but she wasn't aware of his slow stalking.

"Race car driving?"

He nodded again.

"What about...."she thought for a few more moments. "Rock climbing?"

"I've never been rock climbing."

"Why not?" she asked a little breathlessly.

"Takes time. I don't have the time to learn that kind of stuff," he explained.

Laci nodded. "Yeah, I guess running a huge business does get in the way occasionally."

Sal smiled. "It has it's perks," he replied. He was less than a foot away from her and Laci had to lean her head back to look up at him.

Shaking her head, she realized how close he had gotten. "I'm not one of them." She said and moved over to the bar. "I'd better be getting home," she said.

"Have dinner with me," he countered.

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"I have plans," she said, not daring to look at him for fear that he'd call her bluff.

"Tomorrow night," he said, still standing by the desk where she'd left him.

"Plans for tomorrow night as well,"

"What are you doing tomorrow night?"

"Can't say at this point," she said, picking up her briefcase and jacket. Turning to smile at him, she said, "But it doesn't include a tall, gorgeous man trying to corner me and convince me that health insurance costs should go up ten percent," she said.

Laci walked quickly out of his office, loving the sound of his laughter as she exited. Laci stepped into the elevator, hoping to make a quick escape. She dared to look up at the last moment and caught him watching her. He still had a smile on his face and his arms were crossed over his chest as he leaned against the door frame, watching the doors close.

She thought she'd gotten away unscathed. But the look in his eyes told her she'd only won a minor skirmish. She wouldn't win the next battle.

Chapter 4

Laci slept in the next morning, exhausted because she hadn't fallen asleep until nearly dawn. She'd lain awake, fantasizing about how Sal's long, strong fingers would feel if they were massaging other parts of her body instead of just her feet.

She woke about nine o'clock and rolled over, trying to figure out what day it was. Was it finally Saturday? Could she relax slightly? The bright sunshine broke through her consciousness and her mind was able to confirm that it was indeed Saturday. With that knowledge, she jumped out of bed and forced herself to get moving. She needed to be at the gym in less than an hour.

She showered and changed into leggings and a sweat shirt, with tennis shoes. She pulled her hair into a pony tail, then braided it and pinned it to her head, making sure it was secure. Today would be hectic and she didn't want to worry about her hair getting in the way.

The streets of D.C. were relatively clear this early on a Saturday morning. She reached the old high school quickly and saw her girls' basketball team congregating on the side, right outside the gym.

As soon as they saw her, they hurried towards her. "Ms. Anderson! You won't believe what's going on!" Alexa said, being the first of thirteen girls to reach Laci.

"What's wrong? Are you guys all stretched out?"

"You won't believe it!" Alexa said, almost out of breath. "They've given away our gym!" she exclaimed.

Twelve other girls chimed in, all talking at once in an effort to show their dismay at losing their practice time. "And to a bunch of boys!" Tanya, the team captain said with a horrified tone.

Laci held out her hands in an attempt to quiet them down. "Ok, one at a time. From what I understand, the gym is currently being used by a bunch of boys. Is that correct?"

"Yes!" they all said, nodding their heads for emphasis.

Laci went to the trunk of her car and took out a bag of basketballs. "Ok, well let me get inside and find out what is going on. I reserved the gym a long time ago. There's probably just a mix up," she said. Slamming the trunk closed, she prayed that it was only a misunderstanding.

"But before we get started, I need notes," she said and instantly, thirteen pieces of paper were pushed into her hands. Laci had to grab at most of them as she quickly scanned each one, looking for weekly grade verification from teachers.

These girls lived in the worst part of Washington, D.C. And they only had a chance to practice once a week. Laci was part of a group of volunteers that helped inner city kids by coaching basketball or another sport. The kids didn't have to pay a cent but they had to keep a weekly grade average of a B or higher.

The girls surrounding her all achieved a high B average each week. Laci made sure each of them were taking classes that were significant and not simple classes that didn't require much effort. These girls had put in so much effort throughout the week, if they had lost their gym time, Laci was going to cause some problems for someone else.

She entered the gym from the side door, all thirteen girls following behind her. She heard several basketballs echoing in the large gym area as a group of boys dribbled across the court. She stopped one of them as he came closer and asked if he had a coach.

The boy politely nodded and pointed to a group of boys near the opposite side of the gym, huddled around a tall man bent over as he talked to them. The boy immediately pointed across the gym to a tall man with his back to her. He was talking to a small group of boys so she couldn't tell who he was from this distance.

Laci's heart skipped a beat as she walked closer and took in the tall man but chided herself for thinking it would be Sal. There was no way he would step into this area. He was strictly upper crust.

"Ok, ladies. Why don't you start stretching out over here while I go straighten out this misunderstanding."

Laci walked purposefully across the gym, spoiling for a fight. She'd spent the last five days arguing, negotiating, cajoling but with no clear conclusion on any issue, important or not. A basketball coach would be no problem for her, an easy win. Or so she thought. "Excuse me," she said as soon as she reached the group of boys. And then had to smother a groan as the tall man slowly stood up. Her breath caught in her throat as she took in Salvatore Attracelli, the man himself, dressed casually in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt.

"Well, well." He said, his eyes wide as he realized who was addressing him. "What are you doing out here?" he asked.

"I was wondering the same thing," she replied, ignoring the excited feeling that instantly sprang to life inside her. "But also why you're using our court time."

Sal smiled at her bristly tone. "We were double booked," he explained. "Lucy, the woman at the front desk, told me to ask your forgiveness for the mistake. I think she thought it would be better coming from me. Perhaps I can charm you into forgiving her," he said, a half smile already forming on his face as he watched her get angrier.

Laci gritted her teeth, knowing that she had to control her temper around her girls. She wasn't just teaching them basketball, she was teaching them life skills and one of those was speaking civilly to someone and working things out instead of fighting.

"Lucy knows she won't get off that easily," Laci said, forcing a smile to her face as she looked behind him and saw a group of boys listening to their conversation. She knew that the boys were probably in the same situation as her girls, but after working towards a compromise with this man's company for the past five days, she didn't want to give in on her day off.

Unfortunately, she didn't really have a choice. "Well how about if we split the court so both our teams can practice?"

Sal nodded. "That's a great idea. I'll pull my guys over here and you can take the far court. Will that work?"

"Fine," Laci agreed and walked back to her girls who had stretched and were waiting anxiously for her to report on their practice time. She smiled brightly for her girls but was frustrated about the results.

"Are they leaving?" Tanya asked.

Laci shook her head. "No, we're going to share the court. They'll stay over there, and we'll stay on our side." She ignored their groans and called out positions. "Tanya, and Michelle, you're both playing center today. The rest of you, play your normal positions and we'll work through the short passes. Tanya - make sure you get the passes high today. Michelle - make sure she doesn't get past you."

They all filed onto the half-court and found their positions. Laci moved to the center, put her whistle in her mouth, looked around to make sure everyone was ready, then threw the ball up into the air between Tanya and Michelle, blowing her whistle at the same time.

Laci quickly moved out of the way, carefully watching the girls as they moved around the court. But her eyes were drawn to the other team too often. They were a good team, she thought as she caught their passing game. But they couldn't shoot as well as her girls. Her eyes strayed too often to their coach. Laci didn't chide herself too much for that action since Sal was so tall as he stood among the pre-teen boys. Laci wasn't much taller than her girls who were about the same height as the boys.

All the girls were working on their passing game, going through the drills Laci had set them to. But working on a half court was difficult for both teams. After several balls wound up on the opposite side of the court, Laci had an idea.

She tucked a ball under her arm and walked over to Sal, cocking her head to the side, "Think your guys could take on my girls?"

Sal looked at her, noting the challenging gleam in her eyes. "What did you have in mind?" he asked and walked closer. He was looking down at her and wondering how this would play out. Could he make it work to his advantage? He hoped so.

Laci watched the boy's team as they played for another moment, then said, "Instead of dividing up the court which isn't working for either team, how about playing against each other? We might get in a better practice that way,"

Laci could hear her girls behind her getting excited at the idea of teaming up against the boys.

Sal took the whistle out of his mouth and tossed it over his shoulder as he turned to face her. He HeHeH Hlooked at his team, trying to assess their abilities compared to the possible opposing team. The boys were elbowing each other, apparently confident that they could easily beat the girls. "Maybe. Want to make it interesting?"

Smiling, she took the bait. "Sure. What did you have in mind?"

He pretended to think for a moment, "You lose, you go out to dinner with me tonight," he said.

Laci laughed, confident that her girls could beat the boys. "Ok, and if my girls win, you concede on the health benefits," she thought quickly.

"Deal," he said without hesitation. Instantly, there was a loud cheer from both sides of the gym. Obviously they had all been listening to their conversation.

She blushed slightly but then called her team over to a huddle. "Ok girls, you heard him. Show those boys what we're made of," she said.

The girls let out a loud cheer and took their positions. The boys were still huddled but as soon as they noticed that the girls were ready, they broke up and jogged to their respective positions opposite the girls.

Sal tossed the ball and the game was in play. The girls passed and dribbled, running around the boys and set up to shoot but then one of the boys got in the way and stole the ball, running madly to the opposite end. The girls took chase and formed a great defense on each boy, forcing them to take too long to shoot. The girls got a throw in and passed down the court and set up again. Swoosh! The girls scored the first two points.

The astonished boys regrouped and formed a new plan. As the game progressed, they formed a better defense, constantly tying up the game. The boys didn't pass as well as the girls but they were faster going on the court. The girls had to pick up speed to counter the boys' offense but held the game tied. Each time one side scored, the other dug in and scored the next point.

After an hour of battling back and forth, the kids were worn out. Laci saw the fatigue at the same time Sal did and both called a halt to the game, declaring a draw.

Laci patted each player on the back, praising the strengths she saw in each boy and girl. They were all moving towards the bleachers when Tanya spoke up. "What about your bet, Ms. Laci? Who's going to win?"

Sal turned to her, eyebrows raised.

Laci shook her head. "No way. It was a draw."

Michelle, the shyest of all thirteen spoke up. "I think you two should play to see who wins the bet," she said, smiling at Laci's stricken expression.

Laci laughed at the girls suggestion. A five foot, six inch woman playing a six foot three inch man? "No way. I'm not playing basketball with a man almost a foot taller than I am," Laci exclaimed.

"Play horse," a lanky boy named Joshua said, shrugging his shoulder as if that were the most obvious answer in the world.

Sal simply looked from one speaker to the other, then watched Laci's expression to see if she would accept. "Well?" he asked, noting her hesitation.

Laci fought down her natural competitive instinct for a few minutes, then gave in. She was good at shooting hoops, the only real part of basketball she'd excelled in as a kid because of her height. "I'm game if you are," she said, bouncing the ball against the floor a few times as a challenge.

Sal chuckled. "You actually think you can win, don't you?" he said, backing up as he moved towards the backboard.

Laci followed him, dribbling the whole way. "Yeah, I think I can beat you at this. Probably not real basketball but this..."she said and took a shot from far outside the line, satisfied when the ball skimmed the net and went down below. "Yeah, I can beat you."

Sal took the ball and moved to the free throw line, bounced it twice, then shot. The ball bounced once against the hoop then down through the net.

Over and over again, Laci and Sal tossed the ball from various points around the gym, each shot ending with a satisfying swish as the ball went through the net.

About ten balls later, Laci took aim, shot and moved to her next position, confident that the ball would easily go through the hoop.

As she moved off, instead of a swoosh, she heard a boing and she jerked back around. Laci's face drained of color as she watched the ball bounce off to a corner of the gym instead of bouncing neatly below the net.

She couldn't look at him. She was frozen to the spot. It didn't just happen. She didn't just MISS! Laci never missed!

Instead of looking at Sal, she looked towards the bleachers and thirteen girls had the same shocked expression on their faces. And thirteen boys were busy high fiving each other as they clapped, cheering on their heroic coach who had helped them vanquish the girls.

She felt him come up behind her but she still couldn't look at him. "I'll even let you pick the restaurant," he said as he walked by her. "I'll pick you up at seven," he said as he grabbed his jacket and herded the boys out of the gymnasium.

Laci couldn't move. She'd missed! She never missed. Thirteen girls were slowly crowding around her, eyeing her as if she'd grown a second head.

"You missed, Ms. Laci," Tanya said, her voice almost a whisper. "You weren't supposed to miss," she said.

Laci was too astonished to react.

The first giggle started a moment later. Then another. And another. Until finally, all thirteen girls were laughing uproariously around her, patting her back in sympathy.

"I don't understand. He's hot, Ms. Laci! Why don't you want to go out with him?" Michelle said, gaining confidence now that there were only girls in the gym. "Personally, I would have missed about ten balls ago just so I could stare across the table at his handsome face."

Laci groaned, unable to explain the complexities of the adult dating world. Especially since she didn't really understand them herself. "I just don't think it would be a good idea," she replied weakly, looking glumly at the scuffed, yellow floor of the gym.

"Why?" Lizzy asked, genuinely curious. "He seems like a nice guy."

"Yes, but we're in a hostile situation with some negotiations right now."

"So make it less hostile tonight," Erica said simply, smiling as if she'd just solved a major world crisis. "Use you're feminine wiles to get him to give in to your demands," she said, batting her eyes and swaying her hips in a "sexy" manner.

Laci laughed but it sounded a little despondent even to her own ears. "I wish it were that simple, ladies." Then she shook her head, pushing off the shock of her loss and remembering why she was here this morning. This was for the girls and she couldn't wallow in self pity now. She regrouped quickly. "But don't worry about it. I want you all to know that you did a great job today. We didn't get the practice in that I had hoped but I think playing with the guys was a great tool. It showed off some of our strengths and some weaknesses. So next week, I'll make sure we have the court to ourselves and we're going to work on our defense!"

Laci tried to be enthusiastic but her mind was completely preoccupied with the night's events. The girls shuffled outdoors, some walking home, some staying around the gym to chat with their friends. Laci got into her car and waived goodbye to the remaining girls, showing a chipper attitude.

She wished she felt chipper though. She was nervous and jumpy, refusing to acknowledge that she might be excited about the night ahead. On the long drive home, she kept looking at her watch and counted the hours until he was going to pick her up, trying to grasp the reality of her situation. As she was driving home she passed by the mall, then decided to cheer herself up by getting a new outfit.

It was noon when she pulled into the parking lot. It was one o'clock when she found a new blue cashmere sweater that was extra soft to the touch. She promised herself that the purchase was only to make herself feel better and possibly give her confidence for the evening ahead. It had nothing to do with the way the blue sweater showed off her eyes. And she refused to wonder if Sal would like touching her in the soft wool.

Unlocking her apartment door, she glanced at the clock on the mantle and noticed that it was already two o'clock. Only five more hours, she thought to herself. But she refused to attribute her clock watching to excitement. She was nervous. She didn't want to be around Sal because he made her nervous, nothing else. She told herself that line several more times, forcing herself to believe it because anything else was just too terrifying.

She jumped when the phone rang. Laci picked it up as if it might explode. "Hello?" she inquired, knowing that it couldn't be Sal. He didn't have her home phone number.

"Laci? How are you doing?" Victoria asked from the other end of the line.

"Fine," Laci said, denying that she was disappointed by the sound of the feminine voice.

"What are you up to?"

"I just got home from shopping."

"Don't you coach your girls' basketball team on Saturday mornings?"

"Yes," Laci replied, not wanting to go into more details about it today.

"How did the practice go?"

"It was fine," she said then tried to change the subject. "How are the kids? Everyone still healthy? No icky colds yet?" she asked.

"Oh, they're doing great," she explained. "Josh is sitting on top of Max, trying to get a toy out of his hand," she said, referring to her twin boys that had just turned one a few weeks ago. "I heard something interesting a while ago," she said.

"What is that?" Laci inquired, her mind already focusing on how she might do her hair differently tonight.

"Well, Thomas said you were going out with Sal tonight. I laughed and said there was no way. That he wasn't your type." Victoria laughed again. "He's too formal and stuffy. So tell me the rumor isn't true," her sister asked, still chuckling at the thought. "I'd really love to go back to Thomas and laugh at his ridiculous information."

Laci bristled. "He isn't formal or stuffy," she defended hotly. "He's sophisticated and intelligent. And besides, what's my type anyway?"

After a pregnant pause, Victoria continued, shock in her voice, "So you are going out with him tonight?"

Laci realized her mistake as soon as the question was asked. "Well, not if I can figure out a way to get out of it. I lost a bet."

There was an even longer pause before, "You and Sal were betting?" The confusion was evident from her tone of voice.

"Well...yeah. Kind of."

"Kind of?" she asked, her tone demanding more details to the juicy story.

Laci picked up the phone and fell onto the sofa, staring up at the ceiling in an attempt to concentrate and explain the situation to her sister. "He coaches a boys' basketball team and they sort of took over the court during my girls' practice time. So instead of working against each other, we matched up the girls against the boys. It was a great game!" Laci finished.

"Uh, huh," Victoria said suspiciously. "So who won?"

"Um...neither actually. Both teams were too well matched so we called it a draw," she started but hesitated.

"Well don't stop there," she said impatiently. "You have to tell me the whole thing."

"Victoria, you don't really want to hear all this. What have you been doing all week? I haven't talked to you for a while."

"Oh no you don't!" Victoria exclaimed, laughing at her sister's attempts to divert her attention. "You're not changing the subject. Spill it, missy," she ordered.

"You know, you can be a little bossy sometimes," Laci said, still trying to stall for time.

"Yeah, yeah. So you bet that your girls would beat his boys?"

"Well, that was the initial bet but not exactly how it turned out," Laci explained, her thumb rubbing the white fabric of her sofa.

"So what exactly? Good grief, Laci. Trying to get these details out of you is like pulling teeth. You aren't usually this cagey so I'm guessing you're getting to the funny part."

"It isn't very funny from my perspective," Laci mumbled into the receiver.

Victoria laughed at her sister's grumbling tone. "Well of course not, you're not sitting on the sidelines. But fill in the blanks or I'll call Sal to finish the story."

Laci sat up straight on that threat. "Don't you dare!"

"Then tell me the rest," Victoria demanded.

Rolling her eyes, Laci hurriedly finished the story. "The two teams were tied and they were worn out. We decided to finish the battle between the two of us by playing horse."

Victoria immediately started laughing. She laughed so hard, she could barely get her next comment out. "So you decided to play basketball against a six foot three man?" And she burst into a fresh fit of laughing.

"It wasn't basketball, it was horse. And if you'd ever get out onto the court, you'd know that you don't need height to play Horse. It just takes skill," Laci defended, needing to raise her voice over her sister's laughing fit.

But Victoria was still laughing so hard she could barely hear Laci's explanation. "Victoria, I'm going to hang up on you if you don't stop," she threatened.

"Ok," her sister said, taking a deep breath. Laci could imagine Victoria wiping the tears from her eyes and gritted her teeth. "So what did you lose?"

"Well, if I'd won, he would have given in on some health benefits for the union workers."

"Uh huh. So what did you lose?"

Laci paused then spilled the beans. "I have to go to dinner with him tonight."

"Well, that's not so bad. He's wonderful to talk to," her sister commiserated.

"Hmmm..." was all Laci said.

"Where are you going?"

"He said I could decide."

"So where are you going?" she asked again.

"I'm not sure. Some place different, I' guess."

"Laci?" her sister said warningly. "What are you thinking?" she asked.

"I'm not sure," she said, an evil thought forming in her mind. "What about Barney's?"

Victoria gasped at the suggestion. "No! Please not Barney's! He'll never go. And if you do manage to get him in there, he'll hate it. He's too stuffy for that place."

"What's wrong with Barney's? And Sal's not stuffy, just very dignified." Laci didn't know why, but she felt the need to defend Sal to Victoria.

"What's wrong with it?" she repeated Laci's question in astonishment. "Nothing if you're into loud country music and crazy dancing. Could you picture Sal in cowboy boots and jeans?"

Laci's mind immediately thought about that and considered it very appealing.

"Laci!" Victoria called out when her sister didn't reply immediately. "Not Barney's!"

"Barney's is very nice," Laci defended, liking the idea more and more.

"You used to hang out there for years throughout college. You're an expert at all the country music dances but that doesn't mean Sal will fit in. He might be uncomfortable in that kind of atmosphere."

"Well then, it is time he branched out and experienced more than exclusive restaurants with linen table clothes and five hundred dollar bottles of wine," he said.

"Laci..." Victoria said again, the threat evident in her tone.

"Don't worry about a thing, Vic. I'll take very good care of him. He'll be all ready for church first thing in the morning. I've got to go shower." They said their goodbyes and Laci hung up the phone.

Laci finally admitted being excited about the coming night now that she had the anticipation of bringing Sal down a few notches.

After her phone call with her sister, the afternoon flew by. She ran out and got her nails done in a soft pink, then took some time to get new makeup, finally feeling in charge of the evening. She got home and showered, pulling on a pair of well worn jeans, black cowboy boots and her new cashmere sweater. Drying her hair, she considered pulling it back and securing it in her usual knot but decided to let it hang loose around her shoulders, falling almost to the small of her back. The ends curled slightly from the humidity of the bathroom but she didn't try and straighten it out, knowing she was running out of time.

Looking at the clock, it was two minutes until seven. The doorbell rang and she answered it quickly. "I hope you're in for a fun..." she stopped as soon as she opened the door and saw him standing in front of it, one hand on either side of her door frame as he leaned against it.

He was wearing a pair of jeans that had to have been made exclusively for him since they fit him like an old glove. He also wore a pair of black cowboy boots and a black cowboy hat. The only piece of clothing that wasn't complete "country" was his white button down shirt which was obviously tailor made but still suited the whole look.

"Victoria!" she said, deflated that her sister had spilled the beans.

Sal threw back his head and laughed. After a few minutes, he stopped and looked directly at her. "Yes. I called her to get your address and she let me in on your plans."

"Fine!" she said and grabbed her keys. She pulled her apartment door closed behind her.

He grabbed her waist as she tried to push past him, stopping her momentarily. "Now don't be a sore loser. I thought you were determined to show me how to have a good time and loosen up tonight," he said. He chuckled when she slipped quickly out of his arms but didn't mention her shiver. He liked that though. She couldn't hide her body's reaction to him no matter how feisty she got on the outside. He couldn't either, he thought as his body also reacted to her closeness.

She'd never realized how small the elevator was until Sal was standing in front of her, looking down with an amused expression. "I've heard Barney's has really good food," he said.

His good humor was contagious. "I know. I've eaten there too many times to count," she said, crossing her arms over her chest and looking at the buttons on his shirt. She was grateful when the doors to the elevator opened and she was free to put some space between the two of them.

He drove them to the restaurant, his black BMW eating up the miles in no time. The inside of Barney's looked more like a huge barn rather than a normal restaurant. It even had rafters criss-crossing the ceiling and a juke box on one end of an oversized dance floor.

They were led to a table by the windows overlooking a fresh water pond. They both ordered steaks and a baked potato along with cold beers, which arrived quickly.

"Want to go double or nothing?" she asked, a twinkle in her eyes knowing he would decline her next idea.

Sal sat back in his seat, took a long sip of his beer, and took in her expression from across the table. "I've already won. Why would I want to go double or nothing?"

Laci shrugged her shoulders delicately. "Well, if you can't handle it..."

Sal chuckled. "What did you have in mind?"

She sat forward, folding her hands in front of her. "Well, have you ever ridden a mechanical bull?"

"No way," he said forcefully and sat back in his seat.

"Scared?"

He shook his head again. "Laci, those are dangerous. You'll get hurt."

But she was already standing. "Come on. I'll show you how it's done," she said and took his hand to pull him out of his chair.

He grabbed her hand and pulled back. "You're not serious are you?"

"Sure!" she said, smiling encouragingly as he stood up to follow her. "It's fun. I used to do it a lot during college."

She practically ran over to the bull pen where the mechanical bull was surrounded by large foam pads for safety, then a wooden fence to keep spectators at an appropriate distance.

As soon as she approached the fence, a huge, barrel shaped man approached her, his hat low on his forehead. "Well, missy. It's been too long since you decided to come by this way," he said, frowning ferociously at her.

"Hank!" Laci exclaimed and rushed over to him, and was swept into a bear hug. "Why aren't you at home with your grandchildren now?" she asked as soon as he released her.

"It's easier being here at night. I can control this place. But twelve grandkids? No way," he laughed.

He looked behind her and his eyes widened. "Well what brings you back here?"

Laci was astonished. "How in the world do you know Hank?" she asked Sal, turning to face him, hands on her hips.

Sal leaned against the fence and crossed his arms across his chest. With one eyebrow raised, he looked down at her with a slight smile on his lips. "Why do you think I've never been here before?"

She took in his boots all the way to his black Stetson hat and realized that she had probably missed something about him along the way. "Ok, how is it that you know and have been to this place?" she demanded.

Hank coughed behind her. "Well, darlin' This here's the owner!"

Laci looked up at the ceiling, then back to Sal's face. "Is there anything in this town you don't own?" she groaned.

Sal chuckled, a deep, resonant sound that demonstrated his delight in her frustration. "I believe there are a few things."

Wiping the grimace from her face, she forced an innocent look she'd perfected while playing poker in high school and college. "Ok - so you own the joint. But can you ride?" she challenged.

Again, another cough behind her. Laci turned to face Hank, her face showing her frustration and surprise. "Don't tell me, he's an expert, right?"

Hank laughed, his eyes crinkling up at the corners. "Well, I don't know if I'd call him an expert. But he can hold his own. Back when he was managing this place, Sal was one of the best riders."

Laci shook her head and turned to face Sal again, gritting her teeth when she saw the knowing smile on his face. "So, you own everything and you've done everything. But I'll still take you on," she said, poking a finger into the middle of his chest to emphasize her point. Then she moved to stand directly in front of his relaxed body, her hands on her hips, "And I'll still raise the stakes in this little war."

"You think you can ride that bull better than me?" he asked, smiling as he looked down at her beautiful, challenging expression.

Laci just nodded her head. "Afraid I can beat you?" she asked when he still hesitated.

Sal took a sip of beer, watching her the whole time. Slowly, he nodded. Without taking his amused look from her face, he called out to Hank. "Set it up, Hank."

Hank looked confused for a moment. "You're going to ride the bull?" he asked.

"We both are," he said, not looking away from Laci.

"I'll even go first," she said, smiling in anticipation.

Hank moved over to the controls and pulled some levers. Laci turned around, her hair flying out behind her, and hopped onto the mechanical bull. She donned the offered leather glove, then pulled the leather straps tight and wrapped it around her hand. Looking up, she nodded to Hank, then caught Sal's eye, just before the bull whipped into gear.

Her right hand gripped the strap while her left one flew up automatically to help her balance. At first, she was a little stiff and was about to loose her balance. But she was able to persevere and righted herself just in the nick of time. She relaxed and let her body move with the mechanical bull's movements instead of trying to anticipate where it would fly next. After what seemed like an eternity, but was only forty-five seconds, the bull slowed down and eventually came to a complete stop.

Laci smiled brilliantly over at Sal who was leaning against the fence. She noticed his smile immediately and knew he was impressed.

Then it was his turn. He strolled over to the bull, handed Laci his beer, then climbed onto the bull. Laci quickly moved off to the side and out of the way.

"Let it rip, Hank." And the bull swung into motion, flying and jerking every which way, trying to throw off it's rider as if were a live animal hell bent on recovering its freedom. And the formal, ever so proper Salvatore Attracelli hung on effortlessly.

He even kept his hat on during the whole ride.

Laci's mouth was pursed as the bull came to a stop. Sal had upped the ante and she wasn't about to let him win this time.

He climbed off and sauntered over towards her. "So what did I win this time?"

"Nothing. Hank, yank it up a notch," she said, smiling sweetly and genuinely anticipating the thrill of another ride. Immediately people from the bar came over and started watching. Laci noticed a few people even exchanging money as if they were betting on the outcome of the bet.

Hank chuckled but turned on the machine again. Laci let out a whoop as the bull started up, a little more intensely this time and threw her around. It was more exciting than the initial ride and she was able to laugh at the end, hopping off to wink at him.

""What did I win this go around?"

Again, Sal just handed her his half empty bottle of beer and walked calmly over to the bull.

Laci's mouth dropped as the bull whipped into action at the highest speed she'd ever seen. Sal immediately lost his hat but didn't seem bothered by it. He just whipped around with the bull and allowed himself to sway or swish, depending on the whims of the machine.

Laci downed the rest of his beer as she watched him get off the bull. There was now a crowd watching them and several more people were cheering her on as she walked up to the bull.

"Hold on, Laci," Sal said as he grabbed her around the waist when she tried to walk past him to the bull. "You don't need to prove anything to me. I've been doing this a lot longer than you have. Don't hurt yourself just to win. I'll concede your skill at bull riding."

Laci laughed. "You'll concede?" She moved closer, so she was less than an inch from his chest, and looked up at him. "But Sal, don't you know that I'll never accept defeat?"

She carefully stepped around him, avoiding his arm in case it tried to stop her again. Then climbed up on top of the bull, her heart beating wildly, as much from her momentary closeness with Sal as from anticipation for her ride.

For the third time, she wrapped the leather strap around her hand, then nodded to Hank who only laughed and put the bull into motion with a whoop of excitement.

Laci held on for almost the full forty-five seconds. She was about to claim victory but made the mistake of looking towards Sal. Laci saw red when she noticed a blond waitress who was practically poured into her jeans sidle up to Sal and smile.

Sal only shook his head as he politely smiled to the waitress. It was at that moment that Laci lost her grip and flew into the air. She landed with a heavy thud against the enormous padding surrounding the mechanical bull.

Sal was immediately by her side asking her if she was okay. She quickly sat up to assure everyone that she was fine, pushing her hair out of her face at the same time. Her face was flushed with embarrassment and she was furious with herself for being jealous of the blond waitress.

"She's not your type," Laci said, and stood up starting to walk away.

"Who isn't my type?" he asked and put a hand around her waist to stop her, turning her so she was facing him.

"The blond, bimbo waitress," she said and pushed his hands away from her waist.

As she walked away, she heard him laughing behind her and gritted her teeth in frustration. Laci cursed under her breath for making that comment. Obviously Sal enjoyed her fit of jealousy.

Laci ignored him and headed over to Hank. Leaning up on her toes, she quickly gave Hank a kiss on the cheek and smiled up at his worried expression. "Thanks Hank. You sure give a wild ride," she said, then turned and headed back to their table. She ignored the two men laughing behind her and, with as much dignity as possible after falling so hard on her bottom, she sat down on the wooden chair.

Sal was still laughing when he sat down across from her a moment later. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

"Not really," she said, looking out the window.

"You're not a sore loser, are you?"

"I might be," she said, not bothering to look at him.

She was spared having to say anything more because a waitress, thankfully not the blond one, delivered their steaks at that moment. She also delivered two cold beers, then quickly left.

Sal sighed at her weak efforts to ignore him. Without warning, he stood up and came around the table. Laci was startled by his action but still refused to look at him. Because of her stubbornness, she wasn't expecting it when he grabbed her, pulled her out of her chair and kissed her soundly.

As soon as Sal's lips touched hers, the restaurant, the cheering patrons and the delicious scents of the sizzling steaks ceased to exist. All she could think about was Sal's magical lips caressing hers, his strong, muscular arms holding her against his tall body.

One would think a man as formal and polite as Sal wouldn't know how to kiss so passionately. But he delivered sensuality through his lips, teasing and caressing at the same time while Laci shivered, begging for more. Her arms had immediately held onto his shoulders as soon as he grabbed her but they crept up higher as the kiss went on and on, her body arching into his, needing to feel more than just his lips as they caressed hers.

Just as suddenly as it started, Sal stopped and she was again sitting in her chair. She watched as he picked up his napkin and sat down across from her.

He cut a slice of meat and tasted his steak, then looked up and smiled at her stricken expression. "What was it like growing up with your sister?" he asked.

Laci's eyes widened and he repeated his question. She had trouble following his conversation.

"What was that for?" she asked, her hand moving to her still tingling lips.

"A simple lesson in time management," he explained, leaning back in his chair and taking a long sip of beer. His eyes showed his satisfaction with her bewilderment. He liked knowing his kiss disturbed her the same way she disturbed him.

"Excuse me?" she asked, wondering if she should be offended.

"I wanted to kiss you. You looked incredibly lovely with your eyes sparkling in your frustration, so I decided to kiss you. Besides, you were being too stubborn. "

She was speechless for a long moment. She wasn't sure what to say after that admission. After another long silence, Laci looked down at the table, her mind unable to form a complete thought.

Fortunately, he helped her by starting another discussion. Within a few minutes, he had her laughing at the stories about growing up in an Italian household with six kids. Laci countered his stories with the mischief she got into when her older sister refused to play with her and about their fights throughout high school.

The meal was long over when she finally looked at her watch. She was shocked to realize that four hours had passed since they'd arrived at the restaurant. It was almost midnight!

"I think I'd better head home," Laci said tentatively, amazed that they had so much to talk about that they'd spent four hours in each other's company without a single argument. In fact, she couldn't remember a more pleasant evening.

Sal didn't say a word but threw down some large bills to cover the check, then stood up, putting a hand in the small of Laci's back as they made their way out of the still crowded restaurant.

Laci had never had someone as strong yet gentle touch her in such a protective way. She was stunned to realize how nice it felt. It was almost as if he were branding her in some way as his, yet still cherishing her presence. Normally, she didn't like possessiveness in a man. But the idea of belonging to Sal wasn't as unpalatable as she wished it would be.

They spoke of general subjects on the ride from the restaurant to her apartment but Laci could feel the tension and wished she could banish it. She didn't want to feel this way for Sal. He was too handsome, too wealthy, too charming, too stimulating in every aspect of his personality. He had too many women. She also had to admit that she liked his kisses too much.

Besides, he was the opposition. She had to keep reminding herself about that on the ride up the elevator. She told him she didn't need him to walk her to the door, but he simply smiled and got out of the elevator, following her down the hallway.

At the door, Laci's hands were shaking so much that she dropped her key and, before she could pick it up, Sal had picked it up off the floor and had it in his hand and stuck it into the lock. But he didn't turn the key. He looked directly at her.

As soon as their eyes met, Laci knew what was going to happen. It seemed inevitable and her breath caught in her throat, butterflies flittering through her stomach.

Sal took her into his arms and kissed her, this time with all the pent up desire that he had held at bay earlier. Laci thrilled to it, met each kiss with the same intensity. Her arms immediately wound around his neck, her fingers gently touching the hair at the nape of his neck, twining into the softness.

Sal's lips were not gentle this time. They were demanding. And they demanded that she open her mouth. As soon as she complied, his tongue invaded, enticing her to a higher level of passion. And she was more than ready to meet him there.

He picked her up, Laci's back pushed against the wall of the hallway. She wrapped her legs around his waist and arched into him, feeling his need and knowing she had the same need. With her back and head confined by the wall, and the front of her confined by an equally hard body, Laci was lost in the continuous kiss as his lips moved from her mouth, to her neck, nibbling and making Laci cry out as he found a sensitive spot she never knew existed at the base of her throat.

She pulled his head back to hers, kissing him back and moving her hips, eager to feel more of him, hungry for his touch. Lace felt his hands slip under her sweater and she moaned, her skin on fire where his palm was touching her bare skin.

In the distance, she heard an annoying buzzing sound but didn't want Sal to stop, so she ignored it. Unfortunately, the persistent noise wouldn't go away. The buzzing sound woke up her sixty year old neighbor who looked out of her door, complete with curlers and flowered, muumuu robe. "Laci Anderson!" Ms. Crenshaw exclaimed as she took in her lawyer neighbor with her legs wrapped around a tall, strange man's waist, kissing as if there were no tomorrow.

It took another moment for Laci to realize that someone else had spoken. As soon as she noticed the huge flowered woman looking at them askance, Laci's face filled with color. She dropped her legs and pushed Sal away. Pushing at her hair, which was now completely disorderly since Sal's hands had been running through it, she turned around, unlocked her apartment door and sent a small waive to Ms. Crenshaw before slamming the door in Sal's frustrated face.

Sal put one hand on either side of the now closed door and let his head drop, forcing the sexual frustration to go away. Once he was a little more in control, he pushed away from the doorway and looked around, trying to identify the abrasive voice that had interrupted what could have been a long night of very satisfying passion but was now going to be a night of hell as he thought about what might have been.

He glanced at the woman who was still standing with her arms propped on her hips and a fierce expression on her face. "Have a good night, Ms. Crenshaw," Sal said and left the door as politely as possible under the circumstances.

Chapter 5

Laci listened for his footsteps on the other side of her door, wishing she could control her erratic breathing. She was shaking and couldn't move beyond her doorway.

After a few minutes, she heard Sal's deep voice speak to Ms. Crenshaw then his footsteps as he walked away from her door. Not until the footsteps faded away could she breathe a sigh of relief.

Going through the motions of getting ready for bed seemed to help settle her nerves, but as soon as she turned out the lights, she knew she'd never be able to sleep. She stared up at the ceiling, wondering what it would be like to make love to Sal. Would it be as magical as she thought?

Probably not, she told herself. The first kiss on any date was always nice. She buried her face in her pillow and acknowledged, if only in the darkness, that Sal's kiss was more than just nice. He was a spectacular kisser. She'd never felt that way with any man. She'd never been so carried away that she'd forgotten where she was. And technically, the hallway scene had been their second kiss.

And why wouldn't he be a fabulous kisser? According to the gossip columns, he dated only the most beautiful and sought after women. He'd probably learned from the best, and could teach them all something now, she thought, remembering how her body shivered as he touched her.

She punched her pillow and slammed her head back down, wanting to ignore the images that popped into her head. It didn't matter how he made her feel. But then their conversation came back to her and she laughed again at some of his funny stories. He was a wonderful dinner companion as well. Why couldn't she find something she didn't like about him?

She didn't like his arrogance, she thought and glanced at the moon shining into her window. He probably worked long hours and neglected the rest of his family. He'd probably be a horrible father, she told herself. No one could run a successful business as large as ATI and be a dedicated dad as well.

After tossing and turning into the early hours of the night, it was almost dawn before she finally fell asleep. She'd vacillated between toe curling passion when she thought about how wonderful it would be to make love with Sal, to anger with herself for allowing her mind to keep going down that path when he was not in her league, and was the enemy to boot.

She was extremely irritated when the doorbell rang at ten o'clock the next morning. The sun was filtering through the curtains and that just made her angrier, knowing that it was a beautiful day and all she wanted to do was sleep through it. Laci considered not answering her door. Whoever was out there could just rot, she thought and pulled the pillow over her head. If it was Victoria, she had a key and could get in without Laci needing to get out of her warm bed.

Unfortunately, whoever was at the door was persistent. The doorbell rang several more times before she finally sat up in bed, knowing she wouldn't be able to get back to sleep. She was also curious to know who would be so rude on a Sunday morning.

She was only wearing pajama pants and a matching cotton camisole but she pulled herself out of bed to find out who was at her door. Her hair was in tangles from her restless sleep but she refused to brush it, no matter who was at the door, knowing it was probably a salesperson or her sister. Whoever wanted to see her could just accept that it was Sunday and they wouldn't be getting a nicely coiffed person answering the door this early. She pulled on a fluffy, pink robe and forced herself to answer the door, thinking that perhaps her sister had come by to hear about her evening with Sal.

Unfortunately, the man himself was standing in her doorway. And boy was he sexy! He was wearing a suit with a crisp, white shirt and a gorgeous silk tie with tiny little paisley's on it. As she took in his perfectly tailored suit and tie, she wondered why all the other men she had dated tended to be a little more frumpy. If she'd always dated less immaculate men all her life, why was she so attracted to this man, standing in her doorway trying not to laugh at her?

"You look like I feel," he said and came inside without waiting for an invitation. He kissed her quickly on the lips and moved into the family room, looking around at her white furniture and soft, blue walls. There were a few plants that sat in the windowsill but they didn't detract from the clean lines and softly elegant ambiance.

"This is a nice apartment. Very relaxing," he said and walked around, his hands in his pockets and the button undone on his jacket so she could see how flat his stomach was.

Laci was too stunned to do anything other than release the door and step out of his way. He came over to stand in front of her, looking down at her with hooded, dark eyes. "Were you up all night, wondering what could have been last night?" he asked, his voice husky and sexy.

Laci blushed, wishing he couldn't read hear mind so easily. He laughed softly. "So was I."

"What are your plans for today?" he asked, backing up slightly once he'd confirmed that she'd been bothered throughout the night just as he had. He looked her up and down, liking her sleeping attire.

Laci took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. "Right now, I don't have any plans for today except to sleep until tomorrow."

Sal shook his head. "Not good enough. Come over for Sunday dinner."

Laci knew all about the Attracelli family dinners on Sunday. She had heard her sister talk about how wonderful they were. She raved about the wonderful camaraderie all the siblings had and the in-laws were instantly included in the festivities. It was a sacred time when the whole family, possibly aunts, cousins and uncles gathered at Sal's house for lunch after church if they were in town. The lunch usually lasted for several hours since the kids played together and the adults talked and joked as they cooked, cleaned up and relaxed until going home to get ready for their individual weeks.

Laci wasn't a part of the family and she didn't dare intrude on such an important weekly event. She would be an outsider and she didn't like feeling that way. Shaking her head, she said, "No way. I'm fine right here," and she sat down on her comfortable white sofa, crossing her arms over her chest defiantly.

Sal watched her for a moment. "You'd rather stay here all by yourself instead of coming over for a home cooked meal and a chance to see your nephews?"

Laci kept the yearning from her eyes. "Yep."

Sal shook his head. "No you aren't. Go shower and get changed. I'll make coffee. It will be ready when you are done." He took off his jacket and hung it over the back of a chair then headed for the kitchen.

She watched for a moment, not sure if he was kidding. But when she heard him opening and closing cabinets in her kitchen, she realized that he wasn't kidding. "Sal, what are you doing? You don't need to make me coffee," she said, rushing into the kitchen to stop him. The idea of Sal roaming through her kitchen, opening and closing drawers was too intimate for her peace of mind. She was afraid the sounds would be too nice and she might want to get used to them.

He looked her up and down, his eyes noting her breasts underneath the fluffy robe. "If you're going to stay like that, I do. And I suspect you're just being cynical, thinking I don't know how to make coffee."

She put her hands into her robe's pockets and raised her chin slightly. "If you don't like the way I look in the morning, tough."

Sal had turned back to the counter in search of coffee filters but at her challenge, he turned back around and quickly closed the space between them in the kitchen. He stopped right in front of her and stood looking down with half closed lids. "Oh, I like the way you look," he said softly, his eyes staring at her mouth. "You look all warm and soft, very sexy. You're hair is all tousled like you've just made love all night like we should have done if it weren't for your very lovely neighbor. You're cheeks are pink, probably from just getting out of a warm bed but I'm guessing it could be because I'm so close and you want me just as much as I want you but are afraid to admit it. And I think it would be a safe bet that you aren't wearing anything under that robe except for thin, sexy pajamas that barely cover you in all the right places. So, yes, I do like the way you look in the morning. And if you don't go into the bathroom and shower, I'm going to show you exactly how much I like the way you look."

Laci's eyes were wide by the end of his softly spoken speech and her lips parted slightly in anticipation. But she moved quickly at the end, afraid he might not be bluffing with his last threat. She heard his deep chuckle as she closed the door to her bedroom.

Gritting her teeth, Laci pulled off her pajamas and turned on the hot water. She showered quickly, afraid Sal might not wait for her to finish showering before deciding she should be ready. She dried off and dressed in record time. It took her only slightly longer to put on a light coat of makeup, just some powder, lipstick and some mascara. She was dressed in a pair of well-worn jeans and soft red cashmere sweater.

She smelled the coffee as soon as she turned off her hair dryer. She decided to get a cup of coffee before working on her hair. Opening her bedroom door, she saw Sal sitting on her sofa reading the newspaper and sipping coffee.

When he saw her, his eyes took in everything without any emotion. "Do I pass muster?" she asked, walking in her socked feet to the kitchen to pour herself a cup of coffee. She noticed a cup already sitting on the counter with what seemed to be the appropriate amount of cream and sugar in it, just waiting for hot coffee. She thought it was very thoughtful of him and wondered how he knew her preferences on coffee.

"Yes, you definitely pass muster," he said as she took her first sip of coffee.

Laci couldn't hold his gaze. So she looked down at her coffee cup. "Thank you for making coffee. You're very good at it. I'm sorry I doubted your abilities," she said softly.

"You're welcome and no problem. You see? I can be pretty handy to have around."

Laci didn't comment, knowing how much she wanted him to stick around. But she couldn't figure out why he was here when he could have any woman. It had to be because of the union negotiations, she thought and put her coffee down, wishing she could just ignore the idea that he was only using her to gain a better bargaining position.

She pulled her hair into a pony tail in the back, intending to put it into her usual chignon.

"Leave it down," she heard him say.

Laci's chin went up at his dictatorial tone. "No thank you."

Sal chuckled and stood up from the couch. "You have got to be the most argumentative woman I know," he said and took her hair brush from her hand. "Leave it down, PLEASE," he repeated. "Or I'll have to do something drastic."

"Like what?"

"Like kiss you into forgetting about your hair."

Laci looked away again.

Sal took her shoulders and made her face him. "You really have no idea how beautiful you are, do you?" he asked, surprise in his voice.

Laci laughed but there wasn't much humor to the sound. "I'm sure I couldn't compete with the women you are currently dating."

Sal shook his head. "You're the only woman I'm dating right now. Or at least I'm trying to date. I'm not sure exactly what you'd call what we're doing, but I'm enjoying it."

Laci stepped out of his arms. "Look, Sal, you can't manipulate the negotiations by charming me. I'm still going to defend the rights of those workers."

Sal threw back his head and laughed. "You think this is all about getting a better deal for ATI?"

"The thought had occurred to me," she said, wishing she didn't like the sound of his laugh so much.

He put her coffee cup back into her hands, went into her bedroom and came back out a moment later with a pair of black loafers in his hands. Grabbing her hand, he pulled her out of her apartment. She barely had time to grab her keys and purse before he pulled the door shut behind them.

"Where are we going?" she asked when they were in the car and driving down I495, the beltway that circled Washington, D.C.

"We're going to my house," he said simply and changed the radio station so there was music instead of talk.

"I thought your whole family went to church on Sundays."

"We do. I told everyone to go ahead without me. They'll all meet back at the house in a few minutes," he confirmed, glancing at his watch.

A moment later, he turned his BMW onto a tree lined driveway. When the trees disappeared, Laci gasped. Laci had known that Sal was wealthy. He owned one of the largest conglomerates in the United States and all his brothers worked in various capacities within ATI. But this was not a house. This was a monstrous mansion! It looked as if the house and grounds continued on forever. The center was the largest section with wings spreading out on both sides, almost curving to the back. There was a formal garden in the front with over forty windows overlooking them.

He was wrong about the rest of the family arriving imminently. They were already home. There were five other cars parked out front, all empty. She supposed they were already inside making whatever lunch had been decided.

Laci was nervous but she didn't understand why. She didn't know these people but she'd met most of them at her sister's wedding three years ago and they were all warm, genuine people more interested in family than in money.

Sal opened the front door and they were instantly surrounded by chaos. Four men, looking similar in height, build and coloring with Sal, were arguing loudly about some football game and a bet but Laci didn't understand who had won, nor could they, she suspected. All four of them acknowledged Sal but continued on their journey from the entrance way to wherever they were heading in the back of the house, arguing as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening, including their oldest brother arriving at the house on Sunday with a woman in tow.

Laci thought about that for a moment and considered being offended. She didn't like the idea of Sal arriving for their traditional Sunday lunches with various other women. But then Laci remembered that her sister was married to one of these men and they might not think it very strange that their sister in law's sister was coming to lunch.

Sal raised an eyebrow at his brothers' ridiculous argument, then ignored them, leading Laci through the house. She tried to peek in each of the rooms they passed, but she was getting dizzy with all the variety. There was a library larger than her whole apartment with floor to ceiling shelves filled with books, what appeared to be a music room if all the black, odd looking containers on one shelf were any indication, a large formal living room, another sitting room and a game room before they reached the back of the house where the kitchen was located.

The kitchen was a chef's dream. The cabinets were all white with brass knobs. The counter tops were black granite and the floors were a shiny, black hard wood. There were several sinks for various work stations but the largest sink had a huge window over the top. And above each of the cabinets on the outer wall were more windows. The eating area contained a white iron table and eight chairs with a large green rug underneath. The wall was made up of French doors with large windows above them. The doors opened onto a patio with more white iron furniture and surrounded by a flagstone patio that stretched out to a semi circle with potted plants and bushes making the scene more inviting and cozy.

There were four older women chatting and chopping, making some sort of meal. They stopped as soon as they saw Sal and smiled their greeting. "You must be Laci," a beautiful blond woman said. "I'm Brenda, Sal's Aunt." She looked over at Sal and smiled fondly. "You're uncle is around here somewhere, probably trying to hide from your nephews. I'm sure there's a dirty diaper that needs to be changed on one of them. And I think Antonia has also arrived."

Laci laughed, warmed by the woman's instant friendliness. Sal's Aunt wiped her hands on a towel and scanned the other occupants of the room before continuing with the introductions. "Over by the sink is Marsha and the one sitting with the vegetables is Sal's Aunt Frieda," both Marsha and Frieda stopped their task and waived to Laci. Brenda continued in a conspiratorial whisper, "She's ornery so stay away from her," she explained and laughed when Frieda winked at Laci, enjoying the teasing which was obviously done with a great deal of love and kindness.

"Don't listen to her Laci," Marsha said as she dried off her hands. "Frieda's only ornery fifty percent of the time. The rest of the time she's just downright cantankerous," she laughed.

Frieda grabbed a carrot and munched, ignoring her sisters but she smiled and winked at Laci. "Only when I don't get food fast enough because of chatterbox women," Frieda said.

"Can you cook?" Brenda asked.

Laci shook her head. "I can microwave," she replied, suddenly wishing she could do something more than simply chop an onion for flavoring in her tuna salad.

Brenda laughed and pointed to the room next door. "Then you are in charge of babysitting if you can get one of the babies away from the men," she said, pointing to a large room with several men, two babies and one energetic toddler, all of them playing on the floor.

"Is Victoria around somewhere?" she asked.

"She's in the family room as well I think. Probably enjoying a little freedom while Josh and Max's uncles take care of the little hellions for a while.

Laci didn't realize that Sal had taken her hand and was leading her into the family room. She was too curious to understand the dynamics of all these large, Italian men taking care of little babies. Weren't men supposed to be sitting in front of the television watching football on Sunday afternoon while the women took the children to another part of the house? Children were loud, messy and curious. In Laci's experience, most men pushed the children onto the mothers at every opportunity.

The television was indeed turned on, a large screen version off in the corner of the substantial room. But none of the men were really paying attention to the game. They were all bragging about how well each of their kids were doing. Two were betting on who would drool on the ball first. Another was bouncing what appeared to be a deliriously happy two year old on his back, all of them perfectly comfortable among the noise and commotion.

Victoria was in the family room and her eyes widened in surprise when Laci entered. As soon as Laci saw Victoria's gaze on her clasped hands with Sal, she pulled her hand free and stepped away, not wanting her older sister to make too much of the fact that she was here with her brother in law.

"Hello!" Victoria said, not mentioning the hand-holding gesture. "Glad you could join us,' she said. Laci accepted the hug from her sister and followed her back to the sofa where she could watch Josh and Max play with the ball.

"You remember Michael and Carlo from the wedding, right?" Victoria said, introducing the two men who were sitting on the floor playing with her sons.

"Yes, how are you doing?" Laci said politely to the two younger versions of Sal.

"Great!" Michael said. "Hey Gus, you wanted a turn with this little guy, didn't you?" he called out to the man sitting at the bar talking to a tall, handsome man with sandy blond hair.

"Absolutely," Gus said and instantly jumped up to take the little boy from Michael. "It's you and me buddy," Gus crooned and held the boy up to his face. Josh smiled and tried to bite Gus' nose.

Suddenly Gus pulled back and crinkled his nose. "Michael! Not fair!" Gus said and his arms shot out to hold the stinky fellow farther away.

Michael was laughing as he exited the room. "Possession is nine tenths of the law, bro!"

Victoria laughed at the scene and started to stand up. "I'll change him," she said and reached out to take her son who had apparently pooped in his diaper.

But Gus wouldn't relinquish the little fellow. "No, that's okay. I'll change him." He sighed and held the boy closer, nuzzling his neck. "I know how it works in this family. I won't get him back if I give him up."

Gus bounced the baby in his arms and carried him out of the room to some mysterious place where he knew there would be a cache of diapers and baby wipes.

Laci smiled at all the men enjoying the children. According to what Victoria had said, it was amazing that the men even got close to the kids. Michael, who had just abandoned Josh and his dirty diaper was the dare devil of the group. Carlo, who was still sitting on the floor, tossing a ball to little Max, inciting little gurgling noises from him, was apparently the strong, silent brother of the group. Gus was passionate about everything and liked to enjoy life to the fullest, with not a conservative bone in his body.

Laci looked at these tall, strong men and wondered how they had turned out so normal and yet all of them were over achievers. How did two parents raise six children that were intellectually and emotionally strong and resilient? She wasn't sure she could raise just one, much less six.

She glanced at Sal who was sitting at a bar, talking to his youngest sister's husband, Brett Hancock. She was amazed at the strength in Sal's personality. He had been the head of this family and the company for the past ten years and had held the family together, making sure they understood their roots. Seeing this family all together made her respect Sal even more.

Victoria sat back down and crossed her legs, sighing with joy. "Ah, I love Sunday afternoons," she said and smiled as she watched Carlo playing quietly on the floor with Max.

Laci chortled at her sister. "You just love the fact that you don't have to change Josh's diaper."

"Can you blame me?" she asked, giggling at Max's happy face when he found Carlo's ear. "I have to change what seems to be hundreds of diapers every week."

"No, I don't blame you at all. I watched these two last week while you and Thomas went to that party," Laci replied, thinking back to the night when Max and Josh were hers alone. "I don't know how you do that seven days a week." Laci was always thrilled when she got time alone with her nephews. But she wouldn't want to do twins all the time. "You're really a saint."

Victoria shook her head. "No, they are. They are so much fun, I don't know what I did before these two little gangsters came along,' she said, smiling fondly at her son. Josh came back into the room and was plopped down next to his brother, clean and thrilled with being close to two of his uncles.

A half hour later, fifteen people sat down at a huge table in Sal's dining room. After a prayer of thanksgiving, the laughter and teasing began once again. It lasted throughout the whole meal. Laci sat next to her sister on one side and Sal, at the head of the table, on the other. She sipped fragrant tea and ate a wonderful brunch of eggs benedict, warm blueberry muffins, fresh fruit and orange juice while holding her nephew Max in her arms. Josh was being held by his Uncle Gus and loving the fact that he got several bites of blueberry muffin to try, his Uncle Gus sneaking forbidden snacks to the little guy.

Everyone lingered over the meal, relaxing and discussing the events of the past week and what was to come. The children didn't mind sitting at the table since they were fast asleep in someone's arms. Even two year old Emma was sleeping in her father's strong arms, her long, black eyelashes resting against her perfect, rosy cheeks.

When everyone was finished, the men picked up all the plates and serving platters to carry into the kitchen. Laci was startled, never having seen her father clean up after a meal except on Mother's Day. Even Sal was helping to load the dishwasher and wash the serving plates, which was a staggering sight.

Victoria pulled Laci into the family room and Laci could see that her older sister wanted to question her about the previous evening as well as her presence at lunch today. But Josh and Max woke up at that moment, sparing Laci the need to explain.

Sal's aunts were the first to leave, then his brothers and eventually Victoria and Thomas with their boys left, leaving Laci alone with Sal. Turning awkwardly to face him, she smiled, not sure what to say or do. "I'll call a cab to get home."

He stopped her with a hand to her shoulder. "Stay and watch a movie with me. It's always a little depressing when everyone leaves on Sundays."

"You get depressed?" she mocked. "I doubt it."

He smiled wolfishly at her. "Well, I'll admit, I don't mind being alone with you," he said and moved closer to take her hand and lead her into the opposite end of the house. "Where are you taking me?" she asked nervously after they'd walked for a few minutes in a new section of the huge house.

He looked back at her. "Don't you trust me?" he asked, a gleam in his eye.

"No," she said quickly and tried pulling her hand out of his but he wouldn't let her.

He chucked at her response. "Smart woman."

"You're admitting I should be wary?"

His smile held the assurance of a sensual anticipation. "Of course. But I give you my word to behave through the movie," he promised.

"I'm not sure that's a very good guarantee," she said, wary of his look.

Sal just put an arm around her shoulders and guided her down the hallway. "You have nothing to fear from me. I won't do anything you don't want me to," he said.

That was part of the problem, she said, but only to herself. In the end, she let him lead her to what he called the theatre room. She didn't want to leave him. She liked his company and she didn't have anything better to do other than clean her apartment or research her arguments for the coming week. Neither option seemed to overpower her with urgency at the moment.

They stopped a moment later and he opened a double door and revealed a mini movie theater. "What do you want to watch?" he asked, walking to a cabinet that held hundreds of movies.

Laci dropped down into a large lazy boy chair. "You choose," she said, too overwhelmed by the luxury of the house. She'd carefully chosen the chair because it only had space for one person as opposed to the comfortable looking sofas that could seat several people, but also allowed two people to sit closely together.

He raised an eyebrow but turned back to the shelf containing the various movie selections. He put in a movie and adjusted the sound, nodding in satisfaction when the lights automatically dimmed and the screen flickered indicating that the movie would start playing. The introductory music started and he walked back to her. She watched him warily, wondering if she should be nervous of the secretive glimmer in his eyes.

She should have trusted her instincts because he walked over to where she sat in her one person chair, took both her hands in his strong ones and pulled her up. She gasped when her body came into contact with his, the two of them standing there for what seemed like a whole minute but in reality, was probably only a second or two. She thought he was going to kiss her but, without a word, he led her over to a comfortable loveseat in the middle of the room, pulled her down next to him and put his arm around her.

Laci wanted to protest, wishing she could tell him that she'd prefer her own chair. But her mouth couldn't form the words since her mind was too occupied by the heat coming from his body along her side.

When he didn't make a move other than to lean back and get more comfortable, Laci relaxed in his arms and enjoyed the movie. Laci was impressed with his choice and thoroughly enjoyed watching Cary Grant try to avoid a crop duster in "North by Northwest". She laughed at the suspenseful jokes and jumped at all the appropriate moments. What bothered her more than anything else, was the way she felt wrapped in his arms throughout the movie. He watched intently, but she knew that he was aware of her presence. She wished she felt differently, but she felt cherished in his arms.

The movie closed and, without the plot to distract them, the tension was immediately back between the two of them. There was silence for a long moment and Laci could feel her heartbeat accelerate as she wondered what he was thinking. She felt too comfortable as she was but knew she needed to move.

Laci didn't know how or when it had happened, but she was curled up against Sal, her feet tucked under her legs with Sal's arm around her shoulder. Her head was laying against his shoulder and she could feel his fingers in her hair massaging her scalp gently. It was a very erotic feeling and she wanted to relax into his fingers and let them continue the magic. But her gut told her that would be dangerous.

"Hungry?" he asked softly.

Laci shook her head, embarrassed about her position. But her stomach took that moment to convey the opposite.

Sal laughed. "Liar." He stood up and took her hand, pulling her body up along side his. Thankfully for Laci's peace of mind, he dropped her hand immediately as he led her out of the theatre room and back down the long hallway which she now knew led to the kitchen.

"What can I make you for dinner?" he asked casually as they walked.

"You can cook?" she asked from slightly behind him, bewildered as she noted all the beautiful rooms they passed as he led her toward what she assumed was the kitchen. Most of the rooms looked unused but had a lived in feel to them. There were so many she lost count of both the number and purpose as they walked. There was even a ballroom, she noted, shocked that any house still maintained a formal ballroom. She'd thought they'd all died after the turn of the century.

He stopped in the middle of the hallway and shook his head, feigning offense. "You didn't think I could make coffee and now you're insulting my culinary skills. I think I'll have to beat you woman."'

Laci laughed but wouldn't relent. "There's a vast difference between cooking and making a pot of coffee."

"Ah, but I didn't just make a pot of coffee," he said, one finger pointing in the air to emphasize his point. "I make you a cup of coffee, perfectly flavored with just the right amount of cream and sugar." He stopped her and turned her towards him. "Admit it, I made a mean cup of coffee, didn't I?"

She smiled and admitted the truth of his statement. "Okay, so you're a coffee master. I'll concede that point. But can you cook?"

"Of course I can cook. I live alone, who do you think cooks for me?"

Laci stopped and shook her head and laughed at his astonished expression. But she wasn't fooled. "Um...a housekeeper or restaurants, I'm guessing. Don't even try to convince me that you cook your own meals because I won't believe it."

Sal smiled at her perceptiveness. "You're right," he said and started walking again, throwing his arm around her shoulders as he continued. "But Sunday is the housekeeper's day off so I usually cook or have plans."

"This should be interesting," Laci said, smothering her smile as he threw back his head and laughed at her derision.

"Oh, ye of little faith," he came back. They'd reached the kitchen by that point and he led her over to a stool tucked under the main kitchen counter. "Just sit back and relax and I'll prove to you what a wonderful and creative cook I am."

"Uh, huh. I'm putting my money on hamburgers grilled on your patio or salads," she said, propping her chin on one hand as she watched him open the refrigerator to examine the contents.

Sal shook his head. He looked at each of her features, his expression softening before he said softly, "I'd never give someone like you hamburgers," he replied and pulled out a package of steaks. "Ground beef is only for my brothers," he explained.

They ate delicious steaks with large baked potatoes and a tossed salad at the kitchen table in front of a crackling fire and debated politics. Laci was against the current Virginia tax increase saying that it wouldn't penalize the rich as much as it should. Sal of course had the opposite view and thought that it taxed the wealthy without giving enough investment incentives.

By the end of the meal, Laci was laughing at some of the awful ideas some of his vice presidents or other officers had put forward for investments. He even offered some of his own youthful ideas. They had moved from the kitchen to the family room where Sal started a fire with a small switch. It seemed like a real fire, but she knew it had to be a gas fireplace and not real logs.

"So have you ever had a business decision backfire on you?"

"No," he said simply, sipping his red wine and leaning back in the plush cushions of the sofa, watching her expression. Sal took in the heightened color and the fire in her eyes and was enchanted. He knew she still didn't trust him. He also knew that he should probably not touch her. But when she was sitting next to him, smiling and looking so alluring, her body only inches away, he knew he had to kiss her. It had been on his mind all day but he'd kept his distance.

"No?" she asked, amazed. "You've never made a bad business decision in your whole life?"

He shrugged. "I'm sure there were times I could have gone one way and the outcome would have been different. But if you're defining bad as unprofitable, no. So far, all my decisions have been profitable."

Laci didn't argue the point. He hadn't made it on the cover of several business magazines as well as business journals because of poor profit. And he wasn't bragging either. He was simply stating a fact.

Suddenly, he took the glass of wine from her hand and set it onto the coffee table in front of her. "What are you doing?" she asked, her voice breaking in the middle.

He turned back to face her. "I want to kiss you and I think you are too nervous to hold that glass. You might spill the wine," he explained casually.

Laci didn't know how to respond. She couldn't speak. She could only watch as his handsome face came closer, slowly descending towards her own, giving her plenty of time to say no or draw back. But she was transfixed by the hungry look in his eyes. And then his lips were gently touching hers. All thoughts flew from her mind. Her eyes closed and her mouth parted slightly. At the first indication that she wasn't going to pull away, Sal deepened the kiss, demanding more access and she felt herself falling backwards onto the sofa and more deeply into the magic of Sal's kiss.

His lips moved softly over hers, gently caressing her mouth. She felt his tongue gently touch her lips, requesting entry. For a moment, Laci denied the feelings his mouth stirred within her. But when he moved away from her mouth to kiss her neck, her ear lobe, and then back to her mouth, Laci was lost to the sensations he was able to evoke within her. She opened her mouth to his and the gentleness was gone. He ravaged her mouth, moving over hers with a passion she was more than equal to.

Laci arched into him, needing more. Her arms moved to circle his neck and she felt his hand move down her side to her legs, then back up. When he reached her sweater, his warm hands moved underneath, feeling the soft skin of her stomach, then resting just beneath her breast.

In the back of her mind, she vaguely heard someone moan but wasn't sure if it was her or him. She didn't think it was fair that he could touch her so easily and she couldn't feel his skin. Laci decided to rectify that situation. She moved her arms around to the front and slowly unbuttoned his shirt. Once she had a few buttons free, she put her hand on his chest, amazed at the feeling of the muscles reactively flexing under her fingertips.

Sal realized her hands were working his shirt buttons but was not prepared for the electric shock his body felt at the first touch of her fingers on his skin. He sucked in his breath at her first tentative contact, then went back to ravaging her mouth, more desperate to have all of her, to feel her surrounding him.

While one of Sal's hands was on her rib cage, the other tangled in her hair, pulling gently against her head so his mouth could move along her neckline, then made it's way back up to her ear. Laci shivered when his teeth gently bit her earlobe and she pulled him closer, needing to feel him against her.

Suddenly, her sweater was pulled over her head and there was a slight moment when sanity returned. But then his mouth found her nipple through the lace of her bra and Laci's head fell back over his arm and she arched up towards the warmth of his mouth, the sensation driving her crazy and making her need more and more.

Laci was desperate to feel more of him. She pulled at the fabric of his shirt, frustrated that the buttons wouldn't allow her access to the velvet covered steel of his muscular chest. In the distance, she heard a button bounce against something and she stopped her frantic efforts, wondering if she had really just torn his shirt. She opened her eyes but the moment she saw him, the fabric was gone from her mind. She looked at his chest, wanting to have him completely against her skin but unable to find the small buttons to accomplish the task. He helped her by lifting up slightly and pulling the shirt out from his jeans, only to come right back down again once she had all the buttons free.

Laci had a short glimpse of a tan chest with very little hair and muscles rippling underneath smooth skin. She had never seen such an Adonis and wanted to see more, but he was moving the lace away from her nipple, finding the hard button and sucking. She was unable to think any longer as her hips pushed against his, needing the torment to stop but unable to break the contact for fear that the pleasure would stop as well.

The satin strap of her bra was off her shoulder, trapping her arm to her side. Laci was frantic in her need to touch him as he was touching her but he wouldn't let her. She was captive to the waves of pleasure that he forced upon her with his warm mouth and teasing tongue.

After several minutes, he moved to the other breast, giving equal pleasure to the left. Laci's finger slid onto his jeans but they couldn't move far enough to satisfy her desperate need for him. With each new sensation, she moved, wriggling closer but still trying to get away in an effort to find an end to the whirlwind, while at the same time, hoping it would never stop.

She didn't hear the phone ringing but noticed the sudden absence of his weight, returning a moment later as he came back to her, with the phone against his ear. The passion was still evident in his eyes and she wondered if she looked the same.

Slowly, she was able to focus on the conversation. The person at the other end of the phone was frantic and asking Sal for help. He was instantly alert. Laci knew something was wrong because she felt him stiffen.

"I'll be there in a few minutes," he was saying and he reached over her head to put the receiver back into the cradle.

"Antonia called. She needs me to stay with Emma."

Laci could only nod. Reality was returning and she didn't know how to react. Coming down from those kinds of sensations was difficult.

"Will you come with me?" he asked.

Laci wanted desperately to stay with him. She had genuinely enjoyed being with him, more than she cared to admit.

"I'd better get home. I need to be at work early tomorr...." Laci stopped mid-sentence, shocked at the idea that she had been about to have sex with the owner of the opposition's company. "Oh my good...." She began.

"Laci, I know where you are going and you need to stop," he said roughly, still leaning against her naked chest.

Laci pushed against his shoulders but they didn't move. "No, I have to go home," she said, hiding her face as best she could against the cushions of the sofa. But in her current position, she was only able to hide half her face, the other showing her humiliation at her position and her lack of respect for her career that mandated that she support the union workers.

"No," was all he said.

"Please," Laci begged turning to face him as she fought back the tears forming in her eyes.

When he saw the evidence of her frustration in her eyes, he relented slightly. "Not until you promise that you will see me tomorrow," he said.

"No. I'm sorry, I can't," she said, frantically shaking her head. She kept pushing against his chest but he was just too big, too strong. Finally, she gave up and stared up at the ceiling. She could feel her face turning red with embarrassment.

He gently touched her cheek with one hand and his tone softened. "Laci, you're making too bid a deal about tonight. You didn't do anything wrong," he said gently, one finger tracing her jaw-line. "This has nothing to do with work or unions or the law."

That only made things worse. He was dismissing what he'd made her feel, telling her that it wasn't such a monumental event. But he didn't know that she'd never felt this way before. No man had ever stirred such passion within her that she'd lost control like she had tonight.

Laci shook her head. "I really need to go," she said, closing her eyes as one tear escaped despite her best efforts at pushing them back. How could she be such a fool? She knew better. It was always dangerous to socialize with the opposition. And she had been about to have sex with him! How much ground had she lost? Would Jim ever find out? How could she face him tomorrow with Sal on the other side of the table? She didn't think Sal would use this as leverage against the negotiations, but it would affect everything. She knew it would. Even casual drinks affected negotiations. How could this not?

"I really need to go home," she choked out and wished her voice didn't shake with each word.

Sal sighed deeply, but relented. He sat up and helped her sit up. Laci immediately covered her breasts, searching for her bra and sweater. He found it first and the sight of her lacy bra draped delicately in his long, strong fingers almost made her want to forget all about work and throw herself back into his arms.

She grabbed the scrap of material instead, then turned her back on him as she secured the clasp. Quickly pulling her sweater over her head, she pulled her fingers through her hair in an effort to get the tangles out.

"It won't work," he said, laughing softly. "You still look like a woman who has been made love to."

Laci twirled back to face him. "But we didn't..." she started.

"We would have," he said and took a step towards her, trapping her against the sofa as he pulled his shirt on over his shoulders and buttoned the small buttons. "And we will."

Laci started to shake her head. "No I..."

But he put his hand on the back of her head and pulled her close for a hard kiss before stating flatly and emphatically, "We will."

With that, he grabbed her hand and pulled her behind him. He grabbed his keys off the front entry table and walked out to the garage located beside the kitchen. "Get in," he said and opened the door to his BMW.

"I can get a cab," she said, pulling away. "I know you have a family emergency."

"No, you aren't getting a cab," he said and moved behind her. "Get in," he repeated and stood beside the door.

Laci didn't want to challenge him so she just got in, staying as close to the passenger side door as possible, not wanting to touch him even accidentally. Her body was still throbbing from the passion he'd stirred within her earlier. Even though she was ashamed at how she'd put the negotiations at risk, she didn't trust her body to not react to any touch of Sal's right now. The feelings were too raw and she was still to overwhelmed to predict what might happen.

They drove in silence for about ten minutes before pulling up beside another huge house. This one was smaller than Sal's house, but still considered a mansion by anyone's standards. Sal came around the car and held her hand as she got out of the car.

"I don't want to get in the way," she started out. "I'll call a cab." She couldn't look at Sal as she got out.

Sal shook his head. "Stop it, Laci. You're not taking a cab and that's final," he said and pulled her along behind him as he walked towards the front of the car. "If you're that desperate to get away from me, take my car. I'll take one of Carlo's cars when they get back. Drive mine to the office tomorrow and I'll get it from there."

Laci tried pushing his keys away but he insisted. "If you won't take my car, that only leads me to believe that you want to be with me for a little while longer. Very well, come on inside," he said and grabbed her hand as he made his way closer to the front door.

Laci grabbed his keys and went around to the driver's side. "Fine, but if I crash your car, don't blame me," she said, slipping into the soft leather seats and slamming the door closed. But she didn't miss hearing his deep laugh before she did so.

Sal walked up the sidewalk and knocked on the front door of the beautiful house. She watched the door open up and Antonia smiled to him with Brent behind her. He waived to her as she drove off, wishing she had left several hours ago. She drove home as quickly as possible.

The next morning, she drove the car to his office and parked it in his private parking place. She met Jim upstairs in the conference room, unable to look him in the eye.

"How was your weekend?" he asked, pulling files out of his briefcase.

"Fine," she said shortly, not wanting to go into any detail. How could she explain that she'd spent almost the whole weekend with the president of the company they were fighting against? Not the smartest career move she'd ever made, she thought to herself as she unpacked her briefcase. "How was yours?"

"Quiet." He looked across the table at her. "Is something wrong?" he asked, his eyes taking in the dark circles under here eyes.

"No. Nothing's wrong." She sat down, waiting for James. Laci's pencil tapped nervously against the polished wooden table for a few moments. Suddenly, she jumped up. "I'll be right back," and she walked out of the conference room, leaving her stunned partner behind.

"Where are you going?" he called after her.

"I'll be right back," she repeated, not bothering to answer his question as she left the conference room.

Laci walked as quickly as possible down the hallway, heading towards Sal's office. She was slightly out of breath when she stood in front of Sal's secretary. "These are for Sal." She said, tossing the keys to Sal's BMW onto her desk, then turning to leave before the secretary could ask her any questions.

Norma took the keys between her fingers, holding them up as if they were some sort of contaminated waste, her mouth slightly open in shock.

Laci walked quickly went back to the conference room were discussions were already under way between Matt and Jim. She sat down in her chair and tried to follow the discussion. Unfortunately, her mind was not on her work. She kept waiting for Sal to enter and ask about their progress. But the morning wore on and he never appeared. He never even acknowledged receiving the keys.

They broke for the day about four o'clock and Laci was grateful for the reprieve and the ability to escape from the unrelenting tension. Each time someone passed by the door, she jumped, expecting Sal to come in. But he never showed up, never even sent a message.

The next two days were the same. Laci barely slept and each day, she became more and more jumpy. During the nights, she'd remember laying in Sal's arms, reliving each touch, each kiss, each caress and she agonized over the feelings just the memories stirred within her body. During the day, she jumped each time someone passed by the conference room door, assuming it was Sal who was going to stop in and request an update or just sit in on the discussion. By Wednesday, Jim was looking at her strangely and Laci didn't blame him. She was acting strangely and her appearance was drawn. She knew she looked exhausted. During a break in the middle of Wednesday, Jim handed her a cup of coffee. "What's going on?" he asked bluntly.

She took a long sip of the hot brew before answering. She couldn't look him in the eye, sure he would be able to read the truth. "I'm not sure. Why?" She wondered if Jim would accept her evasiveness. Laci doubted it. Jim was not the type to accept half answers to anything.

"Let's see," he said, raising his hand to count off the issues he'd noticed lately, "you've yet to give in on even the most benign issues over the past three days, you're jumping at every sound and what's worse, you look awful."

Laci laughed at his no-holds-barred assessment of the situation. Leave it to Jim to cut right to the chase. "Well, thank you. I'm glad you appreciate my assets."

Jim rolled his eyes. "You're assets were never in question," he said with a leer. Then he became serious. "What gives?' I've never seen you this messed up. Usually, you're on top of your game, ready to jump at the slightest sign of weakness. But the past few days, you seem obsessed about not showing any weakness yourself, plowing through the negotiations as if this were some sort of interrogation."

Laci thought about how she should answer her friend and co-worker. She knew the truth was out of the question. But she had to give him some sort of reassurance on her physical and mental well-being. And she had to get a grip on the situation instead of just waiting for Sal to make the first move after their almost night of making love. Straightening her shoulders, she put down her coffee cup and turned towards the conference room doors. "You're right, Jim. There's something I need to finish," Laci said softly but with determination in her tone. "If you'll excuse me, I need to discuss something with Sal,"

Jim shook his head. "Feel free. And get Matt to give in on some of those health care issues. He's being..."

Laci couldn't hear him anymore as she walked quickly down the hallway.

She stepped into Sal's office lobby and smiled to the stern faced Norma. "Is Sal in today?" she asked.

Norma shook her head but looked up from her computer. "I'm sorry, Mr. Attracelli is unavailable."

Undaunted by her dismissal, Laci persisted, "Is he out of town?"

Norma pursed her lips, obviously not used to someone ignoring her not so subtle hints. "I'm sorry," she said, turning to face Laci with a stern expression. "I'm not at liberty to give out information on Mr. Attracelli's whereabouts. If you'd like to make an appointment, I'll be happy to consult with his calendar."

Laci wanted to roll her eyes at the woman's militant expression but resisted the urge. She spotted a courtesy phone by the set of chairs. "May I use that phone for a moment?"

"Of course. Just dial 9 to get an outside line," she said and immediately turned back to her computer.

Laci dialed Victoria's number. "Hi Vic. I'm trying to locate Sal. Have you or Thomas heard from him lately?" Laci ignored Norma's outraged expression. She turned to look out the window as she listened to Victoria talk to her husband, obviously right next to her. She heard Norma's cushioned soles leave the area and was grateful. Laci suspected that Norma was a dream assistant, but she was getting in Laci's way and she needed to resolve this thing between her and Sal so she could stop being frightened that Sal was going to jump out and finish what they had started three days ago.

Victoria came back on the line. "Thomas said he left Antonia's house but no one has heard from him."

Laci hadn't been concerned until that moment. "Is he traveling on business?"

"No, Thomas would have known about it if he was. He knows his housekeeper is on vacation though."

Laci noticed the keys sitting on Sal's desk through the open door to his office. "I'm going to run over to his house. I'll call you from there," she said and hung up on her sister before some extremely pertinent questions were asked. Questions Laci didn't have the answers to yet.

Laci didn't even look around for Norma. She determinedly walked into Sal's office, grabbed the keys she'd dropped off earlier in the week and left. She went back to the conference room and packed up her files, thankful that Jim had apparently already headed back to the office without her after their frustrating morning negotiating session.

Driving out to Sal's house, Laci refused to acknowledge the issue of why she was so worried. Thankfully, she didn't have to figure out the elaborate security system at the house since the front gate opened as soon as she pulled into the short driveway in front of the house. Obviously there was some sort of monitor in the car that automatically opened the gates and allowed her entry.

She pulled up to the front door and knocked, wondering what other sort of security system she'd have to get through. After a few more knocks, she bit her lip, genuinely worried now and not sure how to get inside to make sure Sal was okay. She knocked one more time as loud as she could, then stepped back and considered her options.

Looking at the car, she assumed she'd probably be able to park it in the garage easily. And maybe there was an open doorway from the garage to the house, she wondered.

Sure enough, as soon as she drove around to the garage side of the house, the doors opened automatically. And just like at her parents' house, the door from the garage to the house was unlocked. She opened the door and stepped inside, hoping she didn't get lost in the huge house.

"Sal?" she called to the eerily silent house.

There was no answer.

She didn't know where to look. She searched through the first level of the house, noticing the different rooms and itching to investigate further. But she forced herself to move from room to room, calling to Sal.

The second level, she knew had all the bedrooms. Did she dare go up there? What if nothing was wrong and he walked in to find her standing in his room? Could she just leave quickly and escape?

Something within her knew that all was not right. She decided to venture into dangerous territory and ascended the curving staircase to the second level.

She reached the second floor and looked down the long hallway to the right. All the doors were closed and dark except for one at the far end of the hallway. She walked quietly towards the light, wondering what she would find.

"Sal?" she called again.

She heard a soft moan and quickened her steps. "Sal, is that you?" she called, reaching the doorway and pushing it open slightly wider.

"Sal?" she said quietly.

She heard what she suspected was a moan, but wasn't sure, since it was so soft.

And then she saw him. He was halfway underneath the covers with a three day beard and discarded tissues surrounding him. His eyes were closed but the skin around them was red and slightly swollen. There was a package of cold medicine on the bedside table but only two of the tablets were missing. "Sal? Are you ok?" she asked, sticking her head around the doorway.

He moaned softly again but otherwise was still. Laci rushed into the room and quickly assessed the situation. Putting her hand on his forehead, she felt his burning skin. "Sal, you're sick!"

He quickly gripped her wrist when she started to pull her hand away. "You're here," he said in a groggy voice.

Laci smiled and bent down to look at him. "Yes. And you probably need to get to a hospital," she said, pulling her hand away. It was easy this time because all the energy left him once again. She walked to the bathroom connected to the bedroom and scanned the items in the medicine cabinet. Apparently, Sal rarely got sick. The only items in the neatly arranged cabinet were shaving equipment and cologne.

She poured a fresh cup of water and brought it back to him. Peeling away the foil from two more cold tablets, she sat on the side of the bed and called to him. "Sal, you need to take some more medicine," she said and touched his shoulder to try waking him up again.

Sal instantly jerked awake again and peered at her through slitted eye lids. "What are you doing here?" he asked, his voice barely a whisper. She suspected that his throat was as raw as his eyes appeared to be.

She bent down again, smiling into his rugged features. "Trying to get you to take some cold medicine. And then figure out what happened to you. Can you sit up?" she asked hopefully. She didn't relish the idea of getting this extremely large man into a sitting position by herself.

In the end, there was no need to get him to sit up. He simply took the tablets in his hand then threw them back in his throat. Taking a small sip of water, he swallowed the tablets, grimacing as if in pain.

"Do you have a sore throat?" she asked.

Sal nodded, closing his eyes but holding onto her hand as if he knew she was trying to escape him yet again.

"What else?" she asked.

"Headache. Aches everywhere," was all he said before falling back to sleep.

She watched him for a few moments, wondering how such a strong man could be taken down by something as small as a germ. He seemed so invincible, so powerful, so in control of every situation.

Laci sighed and stood up as she took off her suit jacket. Draping it over the side of a chair, she watched the handsome man for a few minutes as he slept. He was extremely sick and wondered if he would appreciate it if she called an ambulance instead of taking care of him. She decided to see how the cold medicine worked in twenty minutes and then make a decision on the ambulance.

About an hour later, Laci brought some chicken soup up from the kitchen. It was only canned broth she suspected Sal's housekeeper kept on hand for other recipes, but it was probably the only thing he would be able to keep in his stomach right now. She had looked around the kitchen and there were no dirty dishes so she wondered if he had eaten anything in the past three days. Probably not if he'd been feeling this bad for all that time.

"Sal," she called to him softly, putting her hand on his forehead to check his temperature. It seemed much cooler to the touch and not as clammy. "Can you wake up and eat something?" she asked, hoping he would respond.

He opened his eyes a little and took in her presence. Then he noticed the bowl of soup and hot tea she was carrying on a tray. "Not hungry," he said and closed his eyes.

"Sal, have you eaten anything lately?" she asked, putting the tray down on the table beside the bed.

Sal shook his head, not bothering to open his eyes again.

She touched his shoulder, shaking it gently to wake him up again. "Sal, I really think you should eat this. It is only broth but it will make you feel better. So come on, sit up a little," she said in a louder voice. She meant business now.

"Not hungry," he said gruffly and tried to roll over to his other side, not bothering to open his eyes.

"I don't care," Laci came back, more sternly this time. "Come on, open your eyes and focus for a few minutes, then you can go back to sleep."

Sal did as she instructed and with a whole lot of nagging, she finally got him to eat about half the bowl of soup and drink some of the tea. She hoped the tea would give him a caffeine jolt, which the lack of was probably part of the reason why he was feeling so awful.

Once he finished, he rolled over and fell back to sleep instantly.

Laci left him alone but slept in the room next to him that night. She was worried that he might need something and would try to do it himself. She felt a little guilty when she went into his closet and found a soft, flannel shirt of his to wear. But once she was snuggled down into the incredibly comfortable bed, her guilt dissolved in a wash of pleasure. Wearing his shirt made her feel close to him in some way.

About midnight, she heard movement and jumped up to find out what was wrong. She rushed into the room to find him standing in the middle of the room in just his pajama bottoms. He was staring at her suit jacket she'd forgotten to move.

"Are you ok?" she asked, standing in her bare feet, still groggy from the deep sleep she'd been in.

"You're here," he said, looking at her from her messed up hair tangled all over her shoulders right down to her bare feet and toes curling into the thick carpeting.

"Of course I'm still here. Do you need something?" she asked. She knew she shouldn't be, but she was acutely aware of how sexy he looked without a shirt on. His eyes were still rimmed with redness and he was obviously very sick. Dammit all! She thought to herself, it wasn't fair that any man could be that incredibly gorgeous as sick as he was. There was even a slight sheen of perspiration on his forehead indicating that his fever had gone up again.

She moved closer to him, intending to get him back into bed. "You probably need more cold medicine. Why don't you get back into bed and I'll get you some water" she said and moved towards the bathroom.

Amazingly, he followed her directions and got back under the covers. She walked into the bathroom and poured him a glass of water. Walking back out to the bedroom, she braced herself for getting near him.

He took the offered glass and watched her the whole time he drank the water. "What are you doing here?" he asked, handing her the empty glass.

"You're sick. You need help."

Sal didn't say anything at all. He simply watched her as she pulled the covers back up to his waist. She would have covered his chest up as well, but he held the sheets when she reached his waist.

"Try to get some more sleep. You still look pretty rough," she said. She could tell he was fighting the fatigue setting in. She turned off the light and walked back out of the room, closing the door just enough so the hallway light wouldn't bother him.

The sun was shining into the room when she woke up the next morning. She looked around, wondering where she was. It took her several minutes to figure out that she was sleeping in a beautifully decorated, feminine room. The walls were a soft purple and the furniture was covered in various shades of mauve and purple, blending perfectly with the walls to make a harmonious look designed for relaxation. The comforter was made of silk and was filled with down so it puffed up all around her.

It had been dark the night before and she had been too worried about Sal to turn on the lights once she'd found a bed so near to him. She hadn't taken the time to look around her before her head hit the pillow. But now she was able to appreciate the decorator's touch and was impressed. Someone had taken a lot of energy to make this room into a comfortable living space. Laci wasn't sure if it was a guest room or one of the family member's old room.

She moved across the hall and checked on Sal. Laci found him still asleep but without a fever this time. It was odd putting her hand against his forehead in the full light of day. Even though she was caring for him while he was sick, she still felt the incredible pull towards him.

After gently waking him, she nagged him into taking more cold medicine. She asked him to let her take him to the doctor, but he refused and promptly fell back to sleep.

Laci called in to her office and told them she needed to take some vacation time and probably wouldn't be in the next day either. She rushed home and picked up a change of clothes and was back at Sal's house before he woke up.

The next twenty four hours were about the same. She read the newspaper or stole a book from his vast library while he slept. Every few hours, she would wake him up to nag him into taking more medicine, or teased him into drinking some fluids. She also kept the tea coming in the morning, hoping the caffeine would help his headache and body aches. It was difficult since he was such a grouchy patient, but she didn't mind his bluster. She could see signs of improvement and that gave her peace of mind.

Laci didn't examine her feelings at all during those two, long days. She knew that would be a dangerous exploration and she didn't want to go down that path, afraid of what she might find.

The morning of the third day, she woke up and was suddenly aware of Sal's presence in the room. She sat up and looked towards the door. And there he was, dressed in jeans and a tee-shirt, his face cleanly shaven but still looking extremely haggard. And unfortunately for her groggy mind, sexy as hell!

"What are you doing out of bed?" she asked, sitting up slightly, afraid to swing her legs over the side of the bed since she was wearing one of his shirts to sleep in with nothing else. She'd gone home for a change of clothes but had forgotten to bring something to sleep in.

"I wasn't sure if you were still here," he said, tucking his hands into his pockets. His expression was sheepish but hopeful.

After a moment of silence where they both stared at each other, she replied, "I am."

He nodded, a slight smile on his handsome face. "I can see that."

That smile immediately increased her blood pressure. How could the man be so appealing when he looked so awful? "How are you feeling?"

"Okay," was all he replied, shrugging his shoulders slightly.

"Hungry?"

"Very," he nodded.

She could tell by the look in his eyes he wasn't referring to food. Ignoring his obvious sexual hunger, she asked, "Want me to make you some breakfast?"

Sal took his hands out of his pockets and pushed a hand through his hair. "Not really."

"Have you taken some more cold medicine?"

"I took some about an hour ago."

Laci didn't understand why they kept talking in short sentences, but the tension was rising and she couldn't figure out how to break it.

"If you're feeling better, I'd better get back to work," but she didn't move from her sitting position in the bed.

"How long have you been here?"

"Almost three days."

Sal stuck his hands back into his pockets and shook his head. "Thank you. I'm not used to people taking care of me."

Laci was touched by his vulnerability. She stood up, forgetting about the fact that she was only wearing one of his shirts. The hem came down to her knees but the opening at the neck was low since the buttons were so far apart. Holding the shirt closed with one hand she smiled shyly, "It's a little strange for you, isn't it?" At his nod, she continued, "Hasn't anyone ever taken care of you?"

"Not in a long time," he said. He walked over to stand directly in front of her and stared down at her. She was standing only a foot away from him now. "Will you do it again?" His voice was deep and strong.

"I think that would be very dangerous," was all she could think of to say.

"You're probably right."

"I'm going to get dressed and make you some breakfast. Then I'll be out of your hair so you can have your house to yourself again." Laci didn't wait for a reply. She quickly walked to the room's private bathroom and closed the door. She turned on the shower and tried to calm her nerves. The hot water instantly started flowing and she wondered how that was possible. Her entire apartment building could probably fit inside this bedroom with room to spare and it took several minutes for the hot water to reach her tap. But it was instantly available here. The rich were definitely different, she thought as she stepped into the steaming jets.

A half hour later, she was dressed in her business suit again with her hair pinned neatly at the nape of her neck. She didn't have any make up with her but she was too busy making eggs and toast to worry about that. She cut up some fruit and was pouring the orange juice when Sal walked in, reading the newspaper. She handed him a cup of coffee and he handed her a section of the paper.

They read in companionable silence for a few minutes, then he dug into his food. Laci watched him, admiring the elegance of his movements. "How have the negotiations been going over the last few days?"

"They haven't" she said, grimacing. "We won't accept the paltry offerings Jimmy is handing us and he won't concede on any issues. We're basically at a stand still."

Sal nodded. "Are you going to see Victoria this weekend?" changing the subject.

"I'm supposed to see her tomorrow night at a charity ball. But I'm not sure if I'm going to go."

"Is it the Children's Auction Ball?" he asked.

"Yes. Are you going?"

"ATI buys tickets each year but we don't always go."

"That's a pity," she laughed. "I can't believe they didn't ask you to be one of the men being auctioned off. You'd go for a lot of money," she teased.

"Actually, they did," he replied with a scowl.

"And you obviously said no, correct?" Laci laughed again.

"I don't believe I gave a reply."

She eyed him closely. "Hmm.. That's too bad. I'll bet the organizers were drooling over the money you'd bring in."

Sal rolled his eyes and shook his head at the idea. "Why is it that only the men are auctioned off?"

"Because any man who buys a woman would probably request favors for the sale. Whereas women are only asking for a small amount of attention from their acquisitions."

"Ah. You're probably right."

Laci pretended outrage. "Are you saying you would be among those men expecting favors?"

Without missing a beat, he asked, "Would you be auctioned off?"

"No!" she said, laughing at the idea.

"Hmm. Pity," he repeated her words.

Laci laughed again. "You're incorrigible. I'd better be getting to work. I'm glad you're feeling better," she said and picked up the phone.

"Who are you calling?" he asked.

"I'm calling a cab. I drove your car over here, not knowing if I'd be able to get into the house."

"Take my car again."

"I can't do that," she said and quickly dialed the number to a cab company.

Sal came around and pressed the disconnect button. "Let me drive you home, then."

Laci shook her head.

"We're not going through that again, are we?" he asked and put a hand in the small of her back.

"Sal, you need to rest and I can get a cab home," she protested.

"I'm fine and you aren't taking a cab."

In the end, he won again. He asked her questions about the negotiations the whole way home which at least eased her mind about what he was thinking about. Back in her apartment and away from his incredibly sexy body, she quickly changed clothes and got back into her own car, arriving to her office only a few minutes after her usual arrival time.

Since there were no negotiation meetings scheduled with ATI today, the hours seemed to drag by. She missed the excitement of wondering when Sal would walk into the room and question them team. Instead, she researched several issues and formed several more arguments that she thought would be well received on Monday when she faced Matt again. She and Jim had a strategy session and there was a general staff meeting. By the middle of the afternoon, she was sick of being cooped up in the office even though she'd only been there for a few days this week.

Looking out her window, she acknowledged what she was feeling. She wanted to see Sal again. She felt more alive when she was around him than at any other time. She didn't understand her reaction to him and was tired of trying to figure it out. She was attracted to him for some odd reason. She continued to tell herself that he was too dangerous. And he wasn't her normal type. Those things didn't seem to alter her need to see him though.

Sighing, she turned back to her desk and tried to focus on her work again. Maybe she just needed to get back into circulation, she thought as she pulled up another article on the internet but her eyes wouldn't focus on the words. Her mind was still concentrating on her dilemma with Sal. She hadn't been out with anyone in months. Could it be that her mind only needed male companionship? Maybe that was all there was to this thing she was feeling for Sal. Perhaps another man could fill something inside her that Sal had been feeding. Maybe it was time to start looking at other men again. She needed to date and find someone in order to get Sal out of her mind.

She looked at her calendar and thought about the Children's Ball. Surely there would be other eligible men there who might pique her interest. Sal couldn't be the only man who was charming, attractive, intelligent and interesting. There had to be some other male that could peak her interest just as much as Sal did.

Looking at the clock, she realized it was almost five o'clock. Despite the fact that she'd been out of the office for the past three days, she decided to leave early and head out. She wanted to find something new to wear to the Children's Ball, something that would entice a handsome, eligible bachelor who could get her mind off of Sal.

She reached the mall in record time since it was earlier than usual and most of the traffic was heading out of the city instead of towards it. She searched through the various stores, trying on several dresses but none really catching her fancy.

She was just about to give up when she walked into a small boutique and saw the perfect dress. It was red, with a plunging V neckline, a halter top and a straight skirt, all made of sensuous, red silk. Laci fingered the beautiful material as if it were gold instead of just lustrous silk. Holding it in front of her, she examined her reflection in the full length mirrors of the store. Laci knew the color was perfect for her skin tone and hair coloring. The red made her skin look softly glowing and her hair darker somehow. She immediately brought it to the dressing room. When she tried it on, she knew it was exactly what she was looking for. It was sexy, confident and daring. And every time she moved, the silk clung to her curves, flattering her figure in ways she didn't know were possible.

She immediately bought the dress and found some shoes to go with it. They were strappy red sandals that cried out for dancing.

Saturday dawned cloudy and generally miserable. Laci went to the gym for her Saturday basketball drills but the girls weren't really into their practice. It seemed as if they were all looking over their shoulders for something. Laci knew they were wondering where the boys from Sal's team were but she had checked earlier in the week to make sure that they had been scheduled for another court across town. Joanne had assured her that it wouldn't happen again, even throwing in the possibility of an extra practice to apologize for the mix-up.

Laci watched her girls dribble and pass and after thirty minutes of practice, she had to admit, the girls were a little lackluster in their efforts this week. Whereas last week, they had pushed themselves to their limits, trying new offenses and demanding more from each other as team mates than she'd ever seen before.

After only forty five minutes of practice, Laci called a halt to their efforts and gathered them all over to the bleachers. Looking at their glum expressions, she tucked the basket ball against her hip and asked the most pertinent question. "What's bugging all of you guys?"

Melanie spoke up first which was odd since she rarely ever spoke. "It's just a little boring playing against ourselves this week. We were hoping the guys would be here and we could play against them again."

Laci shook her head, knowing exactly how they felt since she'd been going through the same emotions, missing Sal's electrifying presence. "I went through a great deal of trouble to make sure they weren't here this week. Last week, I saw a lot of things that each of you need to work on. Now, we can get some real training done. But if you guys want to go back out onto the court with the same weaknesses and face those boys..."

"They weren't boys. They were men!" Jessica interrupted. She smiled and wriggled her eyebrows as she spoke.

Laci refrained from laughing. "My point is, we played against them last week. They know our weaknesses. You can be sure they'll use them against us if we ever play them again," she explained.

"We're not interested in weaknesses. We just want to play them again. They're cute!" Alison interjected.

Laci stared at the girls. They were all nodding their heads and nudging each other, more interested in seeing the boys again than anything else.

Laci let out a deep sigh. If only life were that simple. Her whole career was focused on the opposition's weaknesses. She was trained to figure them out and use them against the opponent. And she was very good at it. The flip side though, was that she was very aware of her own weaknesses, as well as how they can be used against her. For instance, her attraction to Sal, and how he could use that attraction against her and she could lose important benefits for the union workers, benefits their families were depending upon for the next five years to make ends meet within their households. She couldn't let them down. That meant she had to stay as far away from Salvatore Attracelli as possible.

"Ms. Laci?" Jessica was asking.

Laci snapped out of her own thoughts and came back to the present. Thirteen girls were sitting on the bleachers, knowing smiles on their faces. "You were thinking about the guys' coach, weren't you?" Melanie asked softly.

After a soft blush, Laci admitted the truth. "Yes, as a matter of fact, I was."

"Are you going to see him tonight?"

"No. But I have a very fancy affair I'm attending," she said and sashayed along the bleachers, batting her eyes and swaying her hips as if she were in a fancy ball gown. "And there will be many other gorgeous men there and I plan on snagging many of them to dance with me."

"You go girl!" Tanya said, leaning back against the higher bleacher behind her and crossing her legs. "And you take notes. We want to hear all about it next week," she said, nodding her head for emphasis.

Laci laughed as she shook her head. "I never kiss and tell," she said and winked at Melanie who immediately started blushing.

They teased each other for the last few minutes of practice and then they all disbanded, eager to find out more next week about her big, fancy night at a ball.

Laci wasn't really as excited about the evening as she had led on to the girls. She knew she should be anticipating it. She had a beautiful new gown to wear and she knew she could meet several eligible bachelors. But she also knew Sal wouldn't be there. Despite her best efforts to discourage that attitude in herself, the thought that Sal wouldn't be there so see her, dance with her took all the sparkle out of the night.

She had to remind herself that she was putting him out of her life now and had to find other male companions that weren't so dangerous and didn't have an ulterior motive. She needed to move on and find someone for herself. But she kept thinking of the men she had dated in the past. They all paled in comparison to Sal. None were as vital, or refined. None were nearly as intelligent as he was either. How could any man compare to him? He was gorgeous, sexy, intelligent...a hard act to follow.

Her phone rang right before she was about to walk out the door for the evening, her sexy new dress swaying around her ankles. It was her sister. "I'm on my way Vic."

"Are you sure you don't want us to pick you up?" she asked. Victoria couldn't break the habit of looking after her younger sister, no matter how much Laci grew up.

"No. I'll see you there," she said, declining the offer of a ride. She wanted to be able to leave whenever she wanted to and not when her sister and brother in law were ready. It was nice that they offered. But since they didn't know she was going to this party with an important mission, a mission to find someone other than Sal, she wanted to be unencumbered.

She had dressed with care, loving the way the silk moved against her body, shimmering in all the right places. The ball was for a charity to raise money for orphaned children. She knew the person organizing the fundraiser, Alana Mason. They had gone through undergraduate classes together. Laci had kept in contact with Alana through the years and knew she was working hard to get the kids in DC a good home. Apparently, Alana had taken over two orphanages and was making it her responsibility that all the kids got a college education if they wanted one and the best start they could possibly have. She was fighting a hard battle against the orphan stereotype.

When they had been in school together, Alana had been one of the rich girls. Laci had never wanted for anything, but Alana had been a pampered child from the moment she was born. Apparently, Alana was fighting against her father's wishes by doing this kind of charity work, but Laci was proud of her. Alana had always been a little embarrassed by her family's wealth. Laci was glad her friend had found a calling.

The ball was being held at the Building Museum in downtown DC. Whenever someone mentioned that there was a building museum, Laci explained that this was Washington, D.C. There was a museum for everything, apparently.

This particular museum wasn't in the best neighborhood at night, but it was safe enough, being in the middle of several judicial buildings and a police station was headquartered only a few blocks away.

The building was huge. From the outside, it was several stories high and not very impressive. But inside, there were only three floors. Each floor was the equivalent of two normal stories. The floors were held up by dramatic columns and elegant arches, stone steps leading from one to the next with a large fountain right in the middle. The charity ball was being held on the bottom floor and the lights were dim but surrounded by shimmering lights from the chandeliers hanging overhead.

Laci handed her coat to an attendant and went in search of her sister. She ran into her friend Alana first. Alana was dressed beautifully in an elegant, strapless, black silk gown that hugged her figure perfectly. "Laci!" Alana cried as soon as she saw her. "I'm so glad you came. I didn't think you would!" Alana wrapped Laci in a huge hug, eager to catch up with her college friend.

Laci returned the hug, just as eager to see Alana, wishing they could spend a few hours catching up with what was happening in each other's lives. Laci knew it would only be a short chat though since Alana was in charge of the whole operation for the night. "Of course I came. And I got my firm to buy several tickets. My boss is probably already here."

"Yes, he arrived about ten minutes ago along with his wife and several other partners. They immediately headed for the bar on the far side of the room," she said, waiving absently to the opposite end of the building which seemed to be about four football fields long. "And your sister is here as well. Where did she get such a gorgeous husband? I didn't get a chance to meet him but he seems somewhat familiar," she said, almost whispering.

Laci laughed. "That's one of five and they are all gorgeous, especially the oldest."

"Are they all married?" she said, her voice conspiratorial.

"Only Thomas, Victoria's husband."

Alana laughed. "You'll have to introduce me to some of them when they arrive."

"I don't think any of them are coming. I know Sal, the oldest, isn't coming. His company buys tickets each year but when I spoke to him earlier in the week, he didn't indicate that he would be able to make it. Probably a date with a model," Laci joked. But her laugh didn't hold much humor, even to her ears. Alana smiled but Laci noticed the curiosity in her friend's eyes.

Alana pulled her along, linking her arm with Laci's. "Do I detect a bit of jealousy?" she asked.

Laci was shocked that she'd revealed that much, even to her friend. "No. Not at all." She said hurriedly.

Alana stopped walking and turned to face Laci. After looking at her friend's face, she nodded as if coming to some conclusion. "I see."

Laci wasn't sure what Alana grasped, but she suspected that it was the wrong conclusion. Before she could answer, Victoria flagged her down from across the room. Laci sighed and waived back. "There's my overly protective sister. I guess I'd better meet her halfway. Otherwise, you'll have to hear an expert interrogator at work."

"Give me a call soon and we'll catch up, okay?" Alana said.

"Absolutely. I'd like that. I'm dying to hear how you organize things like this," Laci replied.

After giving Alana one last hug, Laci plastered a smile on her face and moved to greet her sister. She saw Thomas' look as he noticed her dress and his frown. But she refused to care what her brother in law thought of her dress. It was completely appropriate and even demure next to some of the other women's dresses she'd seen tonight. "Where's Sal?" Thomas said as soon as the duo reached her.

"From what he told me, he's not coming," Laci said firmly, hugging her sister before moving on to hug a still frowning Thomas. "But he doesn't tell me his schedule so I'm not completely sure," she finished, feigning a casual attitude. If she couldn't actually feel indifference over Sal, she could at least present that image to the rest of the world. At least until she found someone else to occupy her mind, she told herself as she mentally squared her shoulders in resolution.

Victoria was watching the two of them and not understanding the silent communications gong on between her sister and her husband. "What's going on?" she asked suspiciously.

Thomas shook his head. "I was under the impression he would be here," was all he said.

Those words, simply and softly spoken, were enough to throw Laci completely off balance. "Why do you say that?" she asked, trying to keep the panic out of her voice. "He told me a few days ago that he only buys tickets to this event. He doesn't actually attend," she said, her breath catching in her throat.

Thomas raised an eyebrow before nodding, a small smile playing on the corners of his mouth. "I think he's planning on coming."

Laci frantically looked around the room but, since it was so large, there was no way she could see everyone in the crowd. After shaking her head in denial, she pulled herself together. 'Well, I'm only staying for a short time. I'm sure I'll probably miss him," she said, wishing she had a shawl or something to cover a little more skin than the dress was currently doing.

Thomas' grin got bigger. "Don't worry. I'm sure he'll find you," was all he said. "Care to dance?" he asked, holding out his hand.

Laci thought about it for a moment. But the look in her brother in law's face told her he was up to no good. "No thanks. Alana told me I have some co-workers here. I think I should search them out."

"Suit yourself," he said, openly grinning now. "I'll let Sal know you're here."

"Don't bother. I can't imagine why he would need to know," Laci said and turned around immediately, hoping to lose herself in the crowd. She ignored Thomas' laughter and her sister's questions as she moved away from them quickly, wondering if she should just leave now in order to avoid Sal.

She really did need to say hello to her boss. Unfortunately, her plan on finding someone to take Sal's place would have to be put on hold. She didn't have the courage to see him right now. She was dressed to find a replacement for him. If he showed up, she doubted she'd accomplish her task.

She threaded her way through the crowd, speaking to a few people that she knew. She had searched for about fifteen minutes when she finally found Jim and his wife. He immediately smiled in greeting and introduced her to the group of people he was standing with. One man in particular was openly admiring her during the introductions and Laci gained some confidence.

After a few minutes of conversation, he offered to get her a drink. She took him up on the offer and he guided her along, putting a hand on the small of her back as he led her over to the bar nearest their group.

His name was Gerry Berman and he was a lawyer with another well known Washington, D.C. firm. She had heard of him before and was impressed with his reputation as well as that of his firm. They were very high powered and handled mostly commercial law for several high profile companies within the region.

Even though she didn't like his area of law, she admitted he was a very handsome man. He was tall, just under six feet with brown hair and warm blue eyes. And, thankfully for her confidence, he was very interested in her. With no ulterior motive.

He handed her a glass of champagne then guided her over to a large column which offered the two of them some relative privacy to talk. Laci laughed at the stories he told about the silly cases some of his clients were either up against or were pursuing in the courts. After a few minutes, she relaxed and started enjoying herself.

Gerry didn't generate the intensity of feeling Sal did, but he was nice and safe. He was exactly what she needed right now. Laci lost track of the conversation and had to re-focus on him. She ignored the fact that her heart rate was the same as it was before. She didn't need sparks in her life. She needed someone interesting. And Gerry was interesting, she told herself.

"Would you like to dance?" he asked suddenly.

Laci smiled. "I'd love to," she said and set her glass down on the nearest table. Laci moved easily into his arms and liked the way he guided her through the steps. She felt comfortable with him and not at all threatened by his closeness. As soon as they left the dance floor, they were greeted by several of his colleagues. She was asked to dance by a number of other men, and after about an hour, she finally relaxed, feeling sure that if Sal were going to come, he would already be here and she would have seen him.

It was almost nine o'clock when she felt the hair on the back of her neck stand up. And her pulse started beating faster. She looked at her current partner, a tall blond fellow who was a plastic surgeon at Georgetown Hospital. He was handsome in a perfect sort of way, but she knew deep down that his smile wasn't the reason she was feeling light headed.

Sal was here.

Laci panicked. She needed to leave immediately. She couldn't run into him. She wanted to be free of him and meeting him here wouldn't allow her to break the spell he seemed to have over her.

Before she could even voice the words to her partner, she saw Sal out of the corner of her eye. He was making his way towards her through the dance floor. And he didn't look happy.

"I really need to go," she said to her current partner, not the least bit concerned that she couldn't remember his name.

"Give me your number," the man pleaded, holding her closer when she started to pull away.

"It's unlisted," Sal said angrily and took her hand off his shoulder, spun her around and Laci found herself dancing against the rock hard strength of Sal, her breath trapped in her throat as she gazed up at his dark, furious eyes and chiseled, set jaw.

Laci knew she should offer some sort of apology to her previous dance partner. But she was too overwhelmed to see Sal, her body held firmly against his, his legs parting hers slightly as he moved them both to the music.

"You look lovely," he said, his voice deep, his eyes moving to the silk covering her breasts.

"Sal, I..."

"I know. You missed me."

Laci's eyes widened.

"And you knew I'd love the dress but wished I'd gotten here earlier so other men wouldn't leer at you."

Laci could barely speak. His gaze was so intense, so livid. After a few minutes, she was able to gather her thoughts and form an angry response, "That wasn't exactly what I was going to say." She tried to pull away but his grip was firmly around her, not giving an inch.

"I was," he replied and spun her around so she was completely off balance.

Laci held on to his shoulders and leaned against him, unsure how to respond. "Are you mad at me?" she finally asked.

"Yes," was all he said.

"Why?"

"Because you are displaying your considerable charms to men who have no right to see them," he explained.

"And you do have the right?"

"Of course," he said, his gaze never leaving her eyes.

"Who gave you that right," she asked furiously.

"You did, of course, the night I held you in my arms and you shivered, returning my kiss with equal feeling."

Laci shivered with his words, remembering that evening vividly.

She was looking into his eyes and wondered about his anger. "Are you jealous?" she asked after a few minutes.

"Yes." He said and she saw the muscle twitching in his jaw.

Laci watched his face, noting how he tried to appear impassive. But she wasn't fooled. "And you don't like it?" she guessed.

"As it happens, I've never experienced it before," he said, staring at a point over her shoulder. "But after a few minutes of experiencing the emotion, I've decided it is an incredibly awful feeling."

Laci shook her head, amazed that he would even admit that much to her.

Their conversation was interrupted by the song ending and a drum roll. "Ladies and Gentlemen," a sultry brunette in a sequined blue dress said over the speaker, walking to the center of the stage. "It's time for the annual auction. I'd like all the eligible males to move to the side of the stage. Ladies, take out your wallets. This is all for a good cause."

Everyone stopped dancing and moved to face the stage, the anticipation of the crowd was almost palpable. There was already a long line of men moving towards one end of the stage. Laci noticed each of the men she'd dance with tonight among those men setting themselves up for the auction.

Victoria and Thomas joined them as well as all the other Attracelli men. Laci tried to move away but Sal wouldn't let her. He held her hand and kept her beside him, his shoulder brushing her bare skin every few minutes.

"What's going on?" Laci asked her sister, refusing to look at Sal or any of his brothers. They were all smiling at her as if she had been caught doing something naughty.

The announcer worked the audience perfectly. She described each of the men's physical characteristics and occupation, then enticed the women by adding possible dates, such as the theatre or ballet, even suggesting romantic walks. "Wouldn't he look wonderful sitting on a picnic blanket by the Jefferson Memorial, ladies?" And each time she made a comment, the price went higher.

Laci was astounded by the amount of money each man was going for. Each of the men was "sold" for about a thousand dollars. She knew it would all go to charity and the people here were the upper crust of Washington, D.C. society. They could all afford the price of each bachelor. And the men loved the attention. As each walked off the stage to their "buyer" to escort the lucky lady to the cashier, they smiled smugly to the crowd as if their price justified their existence.

Within a half hour, there were twenty men who had been sold. Laci was furious with Sal. He wouldn't let her move away. But in the guise of trying to speak with Victoria, she was able to at least move in front of him.

She watched as Gerry strutted onto the stage. Laci's mind was struggling to figure out a way to get away from Sal. When she saw the blond haired man standing next to the announcer as his legal credentials were announced, Laci decided to make a bold statement.

As soon as the bidding was opened up, Laci raised her hand. "One thousand dollars," she called out.

The announcer laughed and Gerry was delighted that the price spiked up so high so quickly. But as soon as Laci's hand lowered, another woman volunteered eleven hundred dollars. Laci was about to raise her hand again when she felt Sal's hand slide down her bare spine. Her breath caught in her throat and her hand was left dangling at her side. The crowd waited to see if she would counter the previous bid, but Laci's mind was blank. She took a deep breath and tensed, afraid Sal would touch her again. Moving slightly forward, she decided to raise her hand again, but moved out of his reach before doing so.

Unfortunately, Sal moved with her, as did all of his brothers so no one in the crowd could see him move his hand inside her dress as he cradled her waist. The back of her dress was low enough to allow him free access.

Laci was paralyzed. She couldn't breathe, couldn't think. All she could do is feel and wonder what it would be like if they were alone.

She turned around and confronted him. "What do you think you are doing?" she hissed, worried that the others would hear her.

"I think you know exactly what I'm doing," he said, gazing down at her with a lazy look in his eyes.

"Why aren't you up there?" she asked, taking a step back, as she motioned towards the stage.

"I'll make a donation," he said, chuckling at her challenge.

"Afraid no one would bid on you?" she asked, turning around to face the stage again.

Laci didn't think she would get away with that comment but there was only silence behind her.

"Ladies, I didn't think he would come up but you're in for a special treat. Salvatore Attracelli has graced the stage," the lovely announcer was saying.

Laci's blood was racing so loudly she could barely hear the woman's introduction. She saw several women's hands shoot into the air and heard "Two thousand dollars!" starting off the bidding.

Laci's mouth dropped open. "What is he doing?" she asked to no one in particular.

"I don't think Sal has ever ignored a challenge," Carlo said, chuckling.

She watched Sal stand on stage, his hands tucked into the pockets of his tuxedo pants. He looked incredibly relaxed, Laci thought. She dared to look at his eyes then. And he was staring right back at her, one eyebrow raised in question.

The bidding was already up to three thousand dollars. Laci turned her back on the stage, intending to leave so she couldn't hear the other women bidding to go out on a date with him.

But all four brothers blocked her exit. "What's your hurry?" Gus asked as he looked down at her with a soft smile.

"You started it," Thomas said, his deep voice near her ear. "I suggest you finish it before some other woman walks away on the arm of your man,"

"He isn't my man. He isn't my anything," she said angrily. She just wished it were true.

"Suit yourself," Thomas said, shrugging. "But the bidding is up to almost five thousand dollars," he said.

"I know that," Laci hissed, shaking her head and crossing her arms over her chest as if the action could stop the onslaught of jealousy she was feeling as other women bid higher and higher for Sal's exclusive attention for one night.

Victoria was standing next to her laughing so hard tears were coming down her cheeks. "If you'll get Sal out of a date with that awful woman, I'll make sure the boys cover your bid," she said.

Laci didn't look away but sensed all four of them nodding their heads. Laci listened as a tall, blond woman with huge breasts and too much makeup raised the bid to four thousand dollars.

A short, voluptuous brunette stepped up at that time and called out, "Four thousand, one hundred."

Another blond, this one looking like a super model chimed in. "Four thousand, three hundred," she called out.

Another woman, this one probably in her fifties, raised her hand. "Four thousand four hundred."

Laci had had enough. She stepped forward. "Six thousand," she called out, her hands fisted at her sides.

Laci gritted her teeth as she saw Sal throw back his head and laugh.

The announcer watched it all with a mixture of confusion and speculation. As soon as Laci called out her bid, the woman pounded the gavel. "Sold, for six thousand dollars." The other women were a mad because they didn't have a chance to counter the bid, but Laci didn't mind. She watched as Sal walked over to the announcer and whispered something in her ear that made her laugh. Then he walked down the stage. The crowd parted as he made his way to stand directly in front of her. For a long moment Laci wouldn't look up at his face. She stared at the buttons on his tuxedo shirt front.

When she finally had her emotions in check, she looked up at him. He slowly smiled at her, then winked. "It took you long enough."

Turning to his brothers, he nodded. "Thanks for saving me from Belinda," he said and took hold of Laci's hand to guide her onto the dance floor which was crowded now that the auction was over.

Sal looked down at her, noting how her hair was piled on top of her head with curls coming out, teasing him, making her look soft and romantic. He could feel her breasts pressed against his chest, see her pulse racing in the soft spot along her neck. She was looking up at him with her mouth open and all he could think about was how much he wanted to kiss her. At that moment, all he wanted to do was drag her out of here and make love to her until she ached with the same kind of raw intensity he was experiencing.

And then it dawned on him. When he first walked in and saw her, she had been dancing with some blond haired prima donna but was looking around her as if she was bored. Now she was dancing with him and he knew she barely acknowledged the other people on the dance floor.

"I want you," he said simply.

Laci's whole body started shaking.

"Don't say things like that," she said breathlessly and stared at his shirt front again.

"Why not? You want me too. I can feel it."

She didn't bother to deny it anymore. "It doesn't matter."

"Why not?"

She searched her brain, trying to remember why it was so important to avoid him and fight these feelings he stirred within her. "Because I have other responsibilities."

"Forget them," his deep voice insisted, whispering in her ear. "Forget everything for one night. I promise you won't regret it."

Laci started to shake her head. But his next words stopped her. "Don't fight it any longer. What we have together is worth exploring. You can't deny that you want me as much as I want you," he said.

He pulled her closer so she could feel the desire he felt right at that moment. "Come home with me. Forget about this place and these people. Forget about the negotiations and the union workers. For once in your life, just feel," he urged, his voice filled with the desire she was also feeling.

Laci stared up at his face, hypnotized by the intensity of his desire. She wanted to give in. She wanted to feel free to take what he was so willingly offering. Could she do it? Could she forget for just one night?

She thought about how she had felt while dancing with her other partners earlier in the evening. Or more specifically, what she hadn't felt. She hadn't felt alive. She hadn't been intrigued or challenged in any way. She'd been bored, numb almost and was constantly wondering when the dance would end. In Sal's arms, she could barely feel her feet touching the floor. All the other sounds, music and conversation disappeared when he pulled her close.

In fact, she didn't even need to be in his arms. She'd known he was in the area before he'd even touched her. Would she ever feel this way again? She'd never experienced anything like it before. All the other men she'd dated had left her feeling barely luke warm. But Sal made her feel sexy and desired.

He was watching her eyes and knew the instant she gave in. His first instinct was to grab her hand and leave immediately. And yet he continued to dance, moving to the beat. He wanted to savor the intensity of emotions he felt as her silk clad body moved against his. He wanted to enjoy the way she looked up at him, the passion latent in her eyes, the promise of more to come.

The song eventually ended and he took her hand within his, leading her off the dance floor. He grimaced when he saw the group ahead of him. All four of his brothers were watching with a knowing look in their eyes. Even Antonia had arrived with her husband Brett, both of them were looking at him curiously. Sal wondered if it would be possible to get around them. With a sigh, he led her over towards their table, knowing the answer.

"Good evening," Sal said to no one in particular.

"You're looking well," Thomas said. "I guess you got over whatever you had earlier this week."

Sal nodded his head but kept his eyes on Laci who was talking with Victoria and Antonia. He didn't know what they were saying, but he was worried that they might change her mind in some way.

Carlo noticed the direction of his gaze. "She's not going anywhere, Sal," he said, laughing.

Sal's gaze slashed over to his younger brother. "Yes, she is." Sal spared a glance for all four of his younger brothers at once to ensure that they understood his meaning and wouldn't interfere, then moved determinedly over to Laci. He took her hand, excused her from his sister and sister in law, then pulled her along behind him, making a bee line for the door.

Laci didn't mind. She didn't want to chit chat anyway. She knew Sal had been staring at her the whole time and she just wanted to get away and be alone with him. She was extremely nervous about the idea, but she was determined to experience the magic only Sal was able to weave, at least for one night.

He took her coat ticket and retrieved her coat, gently placing it over her shoulders. The parking attendants were still busy parking people's cars who were arriving so they were able to retrieve Sal's car quickly.

Before Laci knew it, Sal was pulling up in front of his house. He jumped out of the car and opened her door for her, taking her hand as she got out of the car. He unlocked the front door, then pulled her inside.

For a moment, he only stared at her. Laci started to get nervous, thinking he was going to change his mind.

"Are you sure about this?" he asked. "There won't be any phone calls or doorbells to interrupt us this time."

Laci took a deep breath. "I'm sure," she said but couldn't look at his face. She was staring at his jaw when she said the words.

He put a hand under her chin and forced her to look at him. "Convince me you mean it," he said.

Laci stood up on tip toe and kissed his lips gently. "I mean it," she said and felt her coat fall to the floor.

Sal groaned and pulled her up higher against his body. "I'm glad. Because I don't think I could have handled it if you had changed your mind." And with that, he kissed her passionately. He wasn't gentle anymore. His kiss forced her mouth open so his tongue could gain entry and ravish hers. Laci fell back against his arm and let her hands slide up onto his shoulders inside his tuxedo jacket, her fingers wanting to feel his muscles underneath the fabric.

For the first time, she released everything. And it felt wonderful. No worries, and no regrets, she promised herself. She would enjoy this one time and savor it for the rest of her life. She knew Sal's reputation. He was definitely a ladies man. But tonight, she didn't care. When he moved on to the next woman would be time enough to care.

The world tilted as Sal lifted her up into her arms. He carried her upstairs, down the long hallway and gently laid her on his bed. He stood up to take off his tuxedo jacket, letting it fall to the floor and not caring that the beautiful suit would be wrinkled in the morning. The tie was next and he undid the first few buttons before coming back to melt into her on the bed.

Laci reveled in the feel of his weight over her. She wanted to touch him, feel his skin, touch every part of him. She pushed the shirt off his shoulders so she could gain better access to his muscular chest.

She was unaware of Sal pulling down the zipper to her dress until she felt the cold air on her breasts. She was wearing a thin, strapless bra that was instantly moved away as his hand moved over the firm mound of her right breast.

Laci's head fell back, her mind drowning in the feelings his touch evoked. She writhed under his body, quivering with need. Laci pulled his head down, desperate to kiss him and touch him.

Sal followed her lead, kissing her mouth, her neck, then trailing kisses down to her breast, teasing her nipple by not taking the peak into his mouth. He moved to the other breast, getting closer and closer, but never taking the nipple.

"Please," she cried, her body reaching out to him.

That was all Sal needed, all he was waiting for before his mouth moved to take her nipple, his tongue caressing the peak. He suckled gently, then harder, alternating between the two, driving Laci mad with desire.

Sal stood up and took off the rest of his clothes, watching her the whole time. Laci licked her lips as more of Sal's body was revealed. She'd known he was well built, but never had her imagination taken her to the level that reality could. He was muscular all over. His broad shoulders blocked out the light as he moved closer to her and she had only a glimpse of the rest of him but enough to take her breath away.

He reached down and took her hands, pulling her up off the bed. With that simple movement, the red silk pooled at her feet, leaving her standing in black lace underwear and black silk thigh high stockings.

Laci tried to cover herself, wondering what Sal was thinking of her risque underwear. But as soon as she moved her arms, he caught her hands again and held them at her sides. "You're beautiful," was his only response as he boldly took in her curves.

With his look, Laci grew bold. She stepped forward, reached up with one hand and wrapped it around his neck, pulling his head down for another kiss.

While his mouth ravaged hers, his hands were everywhere, touching and searching, feeling her satin skin. She leaned into him, their naked bodies touching everywhere. Laci was lost to all thought now. All she wanted was to feel the sensations that tingled throughout her body.

Sal leaned down and took them back to the bed, covering her body with his. He pushed a knee between hers and Laci wrapped her legs around his waist, eager for him to join her. Within moments, she felt his sex probing her and Laci arched her back to accommodate him. Sal took that movement as an invitation to take her nipple into his mouth again and Laci cried out at the dual sensations.

With the first movement, Laci started to slip over the edge. Her eyes widened and she looked up into his dark, passion filled eyes. "Go with it," he said, his voice hoarse with his own need.

"I..." Laci tried to express her feelings but the words wouldn't come.

"Trust me," he said and took both her hands in his and held them over her head as he continued to move within her.

Moments later, Laci felt herself fall over the edge as her orgasm consumed her. She wasn't aware of Sal finding his own fulfillment, only the ecstasy that Sal had given her.

Laci didn't know how much time had passed, but she opened her eyes to find Sal staring at her, a satisfied smile on his lips.

"You're beautiful," he simply said.

Laci felt as if she were glowing. "So are you," she replied.

Sal's response was to lean down and kiss her gently. Then follow her jaw line to her neck. Laci moved slightly and realized that they were still joined. "Did you...?" she started to ask, but unable to finish, embarrassed that she didn't know the answer.

Sal chuckled. "Of course I did," he replied, nibbling at her shoulder.

"Then, why are you still..."

"Because I want you again," he said and moved slightly.

The friction made her groan as the feelings immediately started again, just as intense as the first time. "I can't believe it," she said and wrapped her arms around his neck, fully prepared for the next incredible ride.

"Believe it," he said and started moving again in earnest. "I've wanted you for too long," he said harshly, sweat breaking out on his forehead as he slowed down to accommodate her body's needs as well as hers.

"Oh," was all she could say. Then all thought was lost again.

Chapter 6

Laci listened to him sleeping. He was holding her against him, their legs and sheets tangled between them. She was still flying high from the incredible feelings he stirred within her. She should get up and get dressed, she thought with a yawn. She should probably head home and take a shower, but she wasn't able to stir the energy to climb out of bed.

She would just rest for a few minutes.

The room was lit only by the hallway light when she next woke up. Sal was stirring her body to life again and she didn't want him to stop. "What time is it?" she asked sleepily.

"Does it matter?" he asked, nipping at her earlobe.

Laci's breath caught in her throat. "I guess not," she said and opened her mouth for his kiss.

They made love two more times that night. The sun was just coming over the horizon when she let out a sleepy yawn. "I'd better get home," she said.

That woke Sal up instantly. "Why the hell would you do that?" he asked, his look angry.

"I need to get home," she said, feeling a little in awe of his anger this close.

Sal shook his head and pulled her close, wrapping his arms around her waist as he settled back down onto the pillow. "You're not going anywhere," he said and tucked her head under his chin.

Laci smiled to herself. He certainly was possessive, she thought, before she closed her eyes and fell asleep in his arms again.

The sun was shining brightly when she next woke up. But this time, she was alone. She heard the shower running in the bathroom as she sat up in the bed. She pushed her hair out of her face and tried to orient herself. Thoughts of the night before came back to her and she wondered if that had really been her. She'd never been so uninhibited before. Sal made her feel things she'd never known were possible.

She reached down to the floor and pulled on his shirt then went into the bathroom. He instantly saw her and smiled through the large, clear glass doors of the shower. "Good morning," he said and opened the door, releasing a large amount of steam. "Come here," he said.

Laci blushed, seeing him for the first time completely naked. "I think I'll stay over here," she said.

Sal shook his head and reached out a long arm. With a small yelp, she realized that, despite her cautious distance, she still had been too close. He already had her under the hot spray before she knew what he'd intended. And he was kissing her again while taking off his already drenched shirt.

Laci didn't mind. The sight of him completely naked in the shower had her aching to be with him again. He didn't stop kissing her as he moved his hands along her water slick body. As she gasped with pleasure, he lifted her up against the warm marble walls, then slid into her, moving to give both of them maximum pleasure. Laci cried out her enjoyment, unable to hide her response. He was simply too overwhelming for anything other than complete surrender.

An hour later, they were sitting in the sunny kitchen eating scrambled eggs and toast with steaming coffee.

"What do you suppose your sister was thinking when we left last night?" Sal asked, watching her over his coffee mug.

Laci lowered her gaze to her plate, trying to think of a way to avoid directly answering his question. "I'm sure she understands."

"What does she understand?"

Laci shrugged. "You know..."

Sal put down his fork. "No. What do I know?"

Laci couldn't answer him. She took another bite of eggs but they tasted like saw dust in her mouth. "Let's not go into this, ok?"

He watched her for another moment and Laci could tell he was trying to decide if he should let the subject drop. After considering for a while, he seemed to accept her answer. "What was it like growing up with Victoria?"

Laci laughed but was grateful for the subject change. "Difficult," she said. "She was always beating me up or stealing stuff from me." She nodded at Sal's skeptical face. "Don't let her sweet, calm exterior fool you. She can be mean when she sets her mind to it. But since I was her trusting, younger sister, I didn't understand why my Halloween candy kept disappearing. I thought I'd either already eaten it or, if I was sure I hadn't, I assumed I'd hidden it so well I couldn't find it again."

"Do you have any other siblings other than Victoria?"

Laci rolled her eyes, shaking her head. "Thank goodness, no. One is about all I can take. She was pretty mean growing up but now she can be a little over protective."

Sal nodded. "I can understand that."

"Being the oldest, it must be easier," she said.

"Sometimes," he shrugged. "I got to steal all the candy," he leered.

Laci laughed at his expression. "I can't imagine you stealing anyone's candy," she said, shaking her head at the picture.

"Why not?"

"It would be beneath you."

Sal threw back his head and laughed. "You're right. I never stole it from their hiding places."

"I imagine you were the one beating up all the bullies at school when they tried to steal your younger brothers' candy," she said, warmed by his smile and his easy laughter.

Sal nodded. "I got into a few fights defending them."

"What about your sister?"

"Antonia?"

"Do you have more than one?"

"Actually, I do."

Laci raised her eyebrows.

Laci felt him sober instantly. "The second oldest, Sophia, died her freshman year at college. I was in my sophomore year at Harvard, she was at MIT. I felt as if it were my responsibility," he said solemnly.

Laci shook her head. "How could you think her death was your fault?"

"I don't now. But at the time, I was the oldest brother. I'd grown up believing it was my responsibility to protect all my siblings. So when Sophia died, I felt like I had let my family down by not making sure she'd gotten into Harvard with me and watching over her."

Laci's heart was breaking at the idea that he had beaten himself up over the death of a young sister. "And now? Do you still think it is your fault?"

Sal laughed. "No, but it took Antonia showing me that I couldn't control everyone's actions to realize that."

Laci was taken aback. "How in the world did she do that? Isn't she the youngest of all the siblings?"

With a self-deprecating smile, he explained, "She basically shoved my belief system through my teeth. She led a double life because I was overly protective. If it weren't for her and her husband Brett, I'd still be protecting her now and making sure her life was on track."

They were finished with their breakfast and just relaxing by the window now. Laci felt as if they were in a cocoon and no one could get to them. It was just a lazy Sunday morning and the two of them were reading the newspaper as if no one else in the world existed.

She suddenly sat up. "It's Sunday morning."

He raised one eyebrow at her announcement. "Yes?"

"You go to church on Sunday!" she said, becoming panicked at the idea of him breaking his family day.

"Not today," he supplied.

"Why not today?"

Sal sighed and pulled her back down to the sofa. He pulled her out of her seat and she fell into his lap. "Because I plan on making love to you all day." And he proceeded to kiss her again, while slipping a hand inside the shirt she had borrowed.

Laci pulled back, pushing down the feelings that instantly sprang to life with his touch. "But your family is all coming over for lunch after church. You do it every week!"

Sal didn't seem overly concerned about the prospect. She had to pull his head away from her neck to get him to look at her. "You need to get ready for church."

He shook his head. "Gus left a message last night. Everyone will be going to his house for lunch today."

Laci's face burst into flames. "Oh," was all she could say. "I guess there's some sort of code when you leave a party with a woman..."

He kissed her to stop her from continuing. Once she was thoroughly kissed, he pulled back and looked into her eyes. "I've never missed church in my life unless I was sick or out of town. And I've never missed a family gathering before," he said and stood up with her in his arms. He carried her back up the stairs and they made love again, the feelings just as passionate as before.

Laci got home Sunday at a little after ten that night. After making love again that morning, she and Sal had strolled through the dormant gardens around his house. Sal told her stories about growing up with so many brothers and sisters and the antics they had played against each other and their parents while living in such a huge house. Sal showed her the gardens and the maze his father had grown because of his love of mazes.

That night, he took her back to the museum so she could pick up her car, then they drove back to her apartment and she changed clothes. They ate dinner that night at a small Italian restaurant and talked about politics and the economy. She had always known that Sal had to be extremely intelligent to be able to run an international conglomerate like ATI, but she was dumbfounded by the extent of his knowledge on international finance and the national economy. He seemed to be able to absorb facts like a sponge holds water.

After dinner, he drove her home and walked her to her door. Sal left her with a lingering kiss that left her wanting more. But she knew she needed sleep, not getting much the night before. And there was a long week ahead of them and she needed to go over her notes before an early morning meeting. Sal had to pack for a trip to Los Angeles the next day. He explained that he would be gone for at least four days but asked if he could see her when he came back.

Chapter 7

It was Thursday afternoon. The sun was hiding behind gloomy clouds and there was a chill in the air that wouldn't seem to go away. The weather forecasters announced that there was a possibility of snow later in the evening, but weren't sure about the possible accumulations.

Because of her tension, no matter what happened that day, Laci couldn't concentrate. She heard the words coming out of Max and Jim's mouths but couldn't understand what they were saying. Nothing could get her to concentrate on the topics under discussion.

Her inability to concentrate was all because of one fact. Sal was on his way home. His plane might even be landing right this moment, she thought as she glanced at her watch for the tenth time in a half hour. It was almost five thirty on Thursday evening. Sal had called her every night for the past four nights. Each night, the conversation became slightly more stilted. Sal always inquired about her day and she asked about his, but that was generally the end of the conversation.

Each night, she wanted desperately to ask him what he thought about their relationship, about what might happen in the future. And she wanted desperately to be held in his arms again, to feel his strong muscles holding her securely against his long frame, to feel his lips against hers, to experience the magic yet again.

But each night, she held back, afraid of what he might think, that he might have regretted their time spent together, or worse, that he was already seeing another woman. She knew that was inevitable. Men like Sal didn't marry women like Laci. They married supermodels or Hollywood actresses. Or even a socialite who would be able to help him grow his company. Laci pictured one of the women from the auction on his arm. All of them fit into his life better than she did.

Laci stopped her mind from traveling down that path. Her heart ached at the idea of another woman in Sal's arms. She hated the idea of some blond woman's hair draping across his chest as he tangled his fingers through it. He didn't need someone cold and calculating like those women, she thought, looking out the window of the conference room as if she could see his plane landing.

He needed someone who would make him laugh. Someone who could teach him to be a little less serious, she thought. She pictured Sal with children of his own, several of them running around him as he grilled on Sunday afternoons. She could make him happy. She loved him...

Laci sat up in the leather chair, her eyes wide open. She couldn't think those kinds of thoughts. Thoughts along those lines would never happen and thinking them would only make the inevitable breakup more painful. She had to maintain her perspective in this relationship, whatever that might be.

"Laci?" Jim asked cautiously. He had to repeat himself two more times before she glanced his way.

She finally acknowledged his questioning tone by raising her eyebrows, wondering what the question was. "I'm sorry?"

Jim smiled slightly as he glanced at Max. "Are you ok?"

Laci smiled brightly. "Of course," she said, hoping the tears wouldn't well up in her eyes as they were threatening to do.

"I think we should break here for the night,' Max was saying.

In that same instant, the door to the conference room burst open and Sal's upper body filled the open space. "I need to talk to you," he said sternly, looking directly at Laci.

Laci swallowed, nervous because of the stern expression on his face. "Of course," she said, closing her notebook and putting her pen carefully into her briefcase. By the time she glanced up again, the door was still open but the space was empty. Her hands were shaking as she pushed the large leather chair back away from the table.

"Don't wait up for me," she said to Jim, who was looking worriedly at her.

"What's going on?" he asked, the curiosity apparent.

Laci smiled, hoping it was more reassuring than frightened. "I think he just needs tips on what to get my sister for her birthday," she said and shrugged her shoulders delicately.

She walked out of the conference room and down the hallway, away from the chaos of the executive end of the hallway and down toward Sal's office which was extremely quiet. Even Norma's computer was turned off and the phone switched to the night message.

Sal's door was open and she stuck her head in, searching the spacious room for Sal. She found him pouring a drink behind the bar. "What's up?" she asked, stepping inside the room.

"You tell me," he said, glancing sharply at her tentative stance. "Why are you avoiding me? Why won't you talk to me on the phone?" he asked, abandoning his drink to come and stand directly in front of her. He reached behind her and slammed the door to his office. "I want to know what happened to the passionate woman I left on Sunday evening," he demanded.

Laci couldn't think with him standing so close to her. "I think I'm right here," she finally got out, licking her lips as she stared at his firm jaw. "How was your trip?" she asked.

"Fine,' he said, his tone clipped. "Did I do something wrong? Why are you mad at me? And why the hell won't you look me in the eye?" he asked.

Laci's eyes snapped up to meet his. "I'm right here," she repeated. She couldn't stop herself from touching him. Her hand seemed to move up to his shirtfront of it's own volition. "Did you miss me?" she asked, then bit her lip in shock. How could she ask that? Of course he didn't miss her, she thought. He'd been too busy with whatever he'd been trying to accomplish.

"Yes," he said and pulled her into his arms, his mouth coming down hard on hers. When he realized she wasn't fighting him, was in fact trying to get closer, his mouth eased up on the pressure and he coaxed her mouth open.

Laci sagged against him, her arms moving up his shirt front to touch his shoulders.

"Do you have plans for the weekend?" he asked.

Laci tried to concentrate on his question. Did she have plans? "Yes,"

"Cancel them," he said grabbing her hand and pulling her toward his desk. He handed her the phone.

Laci laughed. "I don't think my closet would answer," she said, answering his unspoken query.

"Your closet?"

She nodded her head. "Yes, I was planning on organizing my shoes, cleaning out my spring clothes which are still mixed in with the rest...." She couldn't finish since he lifted her up and slid her onto his desk, pushing her skirt his up on her thighs, moving her knees apart and placing his hips in between them. "Come with me," he said, sliding his hands underneath her skirt.

Laci's breath caught in her throat. She tried to grab his wrists to stop his upward movement but he ignored her feeble attempts at stopping his hands and continued. He stopped suddenly and looked down at her, and Laci's face flamed into color. But the realization that she was wearing thigh high stockings made him groan and burrow his face into her neck, instantly finding the sensitive spot at the base.

"I see we were thinking along the same lines," he said moving his hands up and down her silk clad thighs. His deep chuckle when he noticed her blush deepening....

His instantaneous reaction eased her embarrassment over her boldness. "Do you ski?" he asked, lifting his head but not moving away from between her thighs.

Laci could only nod her head.

"Can you take tomorrow off?"

She mentally reviewed her schedule. "I was planning on doing some research," she said.

"Take the day off and come skiing with me. I have the plane standing by at the airport. All you have to do is pack a small bag and we can take on a few slopes before they close tonight. Everything else you might need is already at the house."

Laci considered it for all of ten seconds. She didn't have anything urgent to do tomorrow and the negotiations were going well. Why not take a weekend and just relax. "Ok," she said and smiled at the lightened expression on his face.

"Can I pick you up in a half hour?"

"I'll be ready," she said and hopped off the desk. She moved out the door, excitement starting to seep into her being.

Laci rushed back into the conference room. The two men were gone but her briefcase had already been packed. All she had to do was grab her case and her purse and catch the next elevator.

As soon as the elevator opened, a gorgeous, tall blond glided out, leaving a trail of heavy perfume behind her. Laci stepped in, but watched the direction the woman walked. She actually walked the opposite direction of Sal's office and Laci didn't realize she was holding her breath until she let it all out in one big sigh of relief. Then she felt silly for even thinking that Sal would be meeting another woman right after inviting her to go away for the weekend with him.

Laci arrived back at her apartment and threw some clothes into a bag. She had no idea what she would need to wear so she limited herself to jeans and sweaters. She'd changed into faded jeans and a thick, cable knit sweater, then released her hair from its confining pins to fall loosely down her back.

She was just about to close up her case when she changed her mind and threw in a simple black cocktail dress. A girl never knew, she told herself as she dug through her closet to find the strappy heels she'd bought to wear with the dress.

As soon as she found them, she had to laugh at herself. The shoes were dusty from lack of use. The men she usually dated had no use for evening attire. She'd bought the dress for a business party several years ago. They had obviously only been worn once since the soles were barely even scuffed. But she'd splurged on the outfit, wanting to impress her boss at the time.

Laci was just zipping the bag closed when her doorbell rang. She looked around, making sure she hadn't forgotten anything, then pulled her case off the bed and answered the door.

She wondered if she would ever get used to him, she thought as she opened the door. Sal's tall frame filled up the hallway, leaving very little space since he was so tall and muscular. Each time she saw him, he seemed to be more handsome than the last time. He was wearing jeans that seemed to hug him in all the right places, topped by a soft, gray, V-necked sweater with a white tee-shirt underneath. He looked as if he should be posing for the cover of GQ magazine.

"Good grief! You are beautiful," he said and came through the door to take her into his arms. His kiss was devastating to rational thinking. Knowing what could come next, Laci didn't want the kiss to end and her arms automatically reached up to hold onto his broad shoulders, needing an anchor amidst the desire he instantly generated within her.

He broke off the kiss and stepped back, but Laci could tell that the same passion was in his eyes. "We have a short flight, then we'll continue this," he said and took her hand in one of his, grabbing her bag with the other.

He led her to the front door of her apartment building where a limousine was waiting for them. They were instantly whisked off to the airport. Instead of having to go through the long lines of security, the car drove right onto the tarmac of an area she didn't even know existed and delivered them to a private plane. The engines were already running as they climbed the stairs to the Gulfstream jet.

Laci glanced out the window and noticed that the limousine driver was handing her bag and another to someone on the ground. She tried to act non-challant as she took in the extreme wealth she was instantly surrounded by, but she knew she'd failed when she heard a chuckle behind her.

"You'll have to put on your seat belt for take-off, Laci."

Laci blushed and turned around quickly, then strapped herself into a large, white leather chair.

"We're ready, Ted," Sal said through what looked like a telephone but was obviously some direct connection to the pilot's seat. Instantly, the plane started taxiing to a runway. Within five minutes of their arrival at the airport, the plane was lifting off.

"Wow, I've never gotten through an airport so easily," she said, her voice nervous for some reason.

"Why not?'

Laci chuckled at his question. "Probably because I've never flown in a private jet before."

"Get used to it," he said.

The phone rang and Sal answered it, his eyes apologizing to her while he talked about some business deal he was working on. Laci didn't mind. She needed to get her bearings. But she was unable to do so because a moment later, a flight attendant appeared. "What can I get you to drink?"

Laci started to shake her head, but Sal covered the mouthpiece and answered for her. "We'll have champagne, Lisa," he said and returned to his conversation.

Lisa instantly nodded her head and disappeared behind a door, appearing again a moment later with two glasses of still-foaming champagne.

Laci sipped the chilled champagne and listened to Sal's conversation. He was talking about a billion dollar deal. Laci had always known that Sal was wealthy. Her sister was part of his family and Victoria used to be awed by the luxurious trips they regularly took. But Victoria hadn't told her everything. Victoria had never mentioned flying in the leer jet, for instance, even though she knew that the Attracelli family had a cabin in Vale, which Laci assumed was where they were headed. The whole family congregates in Vale each winter for a family vacation and others fly out there several other times, but not as a large group.

Sal got off the phone a moment later, unbuckled her seatbelt then pulled her into his lap. "Tell me what you've been doing for the past four days that you couldn't tell me over the phone."

Laci laughed. "I really haven't been doing much. Research, trying to beat your company into submission on the union issue, cleaning my apartment, that's about it," she said and took another sip of champagne. "I lead a very boring life." For some reason, she felt comfortable teasing him about the union negotiations. She hesitated for only a moment before continuing. Sal didn't bring up the negotiations when they were alone, so her fear that he was using her to get a better union contract didn't hold up under scrutiny.

"I doubt that," he said and sipped his own champagne. "What would you be doing right now if you weren't with me?"

Laci looked up at the ceiling. "Well, it's Thursday night, right?" She had to think about what she did before trying to negotiate union benefits with ATI's legal team. "I think I'd probably be in the library or on the internet, doing research for some project. I got another one dumped on my desk this morning but it doesn't start for another month, so I'm procrastinating right now. It doesn't seem nearly as challenging as my current, cut throat negotiations."

"That doesn't sound very interesting."

"Well, what would you be doing if you weren't here with me?" Laci laughed. "No, don't answer that," she said and covered his mouth. "I don't think I want to know."

He took her hand down and nibbled on her fingers. "What do you think I'd be doing?"

Laci remembered the blond getting out of the elevator. "I think you'd be escorting a beautiful woman to a fancy restaurant somewhere."

He raised one eyebrow in response. "Isn't that what I'm doing?"

Laci just laughed, not really taking him seriously. "Are you a good skier?" she asked, changing the subject.

The other eyebrow went up, indicating that he understood she was avoiding the previous topic, but followed her lead anyway. "I've been skiing almost all my life. My parents used to take us to the resort several times a year."

Laci grimaced. "So you're probably very good."

"I'm not a slouch, but I avoid the mountain tops without any ski lifts."

"I bet you go down the double diamonds, don't you?"

He nodded his head from side to side. "I've been known to take on the challenge if the weather was right. My brothers and I used to sneak away from our parents when we'd all come as kids. Until Carlo broke his leg and we all had to carry him back. He pretty much ruined all our fun for several years."

"I bet that was painful." Laci commiserated.

"For all of us. Carlo isn't a small guy," he laughed.

She rolled her eyes at him and looked his body up and down. "That's an understatement if I've ever heard one. None of you are."

"Well, you should have seen him. He was in the middle of a great run down a double diamond and we were all racing down the slope. When suddenly, this blond girl flies right through the middle of us, shaming us all in the process. Carlo, never one to back away from a pretty woman, was the first to notice her and he took off, heading right after her. Turns out, she was one of the ski lift supervisors who did the run every hour. So she knew the terrain. The rest of us, we were sliding all over the place in an effort to catch up to her and making a fool of ourselves in the process. I'd just passed Carlo when I heard a loud howl. When I was finally able to stop and turn around, Carlo was wrapped around a tree. He had one leg up the tree, the other trying to continue down the slope. The leg up in the tree didn't look too good. Neither did Carlo when he realized that he'd broken his leg. And when the rest of us figured we'd all be in trouble with my mom and dad when they found out, well, we all turned a little green."

Laci laughed at his annoyed expression. "How old were you when this happened?"

Sal thought for a moment. "I think I was about fifteen, so Carlo was only about seven or eight."

"And he was going down a double diamond slope?" Laci asked, outraged. "What was he doing going after a teenage girl? He should have been pulling little girls' pony tails. I didn't think boys liked girls until a later age."

"You don't have any brothers, or you'd understand the kind of pressure we can put on each other. Once Thomas and I bragged about how we'd gone down the slope the day before, all the others had to try it. Antonia would have been right along side of us, but she was on the bunny trail, only about five at the time. My mother kept a pretty close eye on her." He shook his head at her second statement. "I can't even understand your second comment. Boys of every age appreciate a beautiful woman. Age is irrelevant."

"So how did you get down the slope?" she asked, not wanting to hear how men liked women. It sounded like he was telling her about men's need for variety. She didn't like the sound of that, even though she accepted it as a fact where Sal was concerned. She knew it was only a matter of time before he needed a new challenge and would leave her for greener pastures, so to speak.

"It was right after lunch so we thought we had time to get down the mountain before dark. We were all boy scouts so we rigged a bunch of tree limbs together and tied him to it. It took us three hours, but we eventually got him down the mountain in one piece."

"What did your parents say?"

"We didn't tell them immediately."

"What?" Laci was outraged on Carlo's behalf. "I thought you said his leg was broken."

"It was," he confirmed with a half smile.

"How did you plan on hiding something like that?"

Sal shrugged, smiling at the memory. "We were kids. And we thought we knew everything. So we got him to the doctor, who immediately sent him on to the hospital. I rode with him and tried to act as his guardian. It is fortunate looking back, but at the time, we were horrified when the hotel was called and my parents showed up just as I was trying to sign the release for him to get an x-ray. Needless to say, my parents were less than happy about the whole situation."

"What did they do?"

"They made us all stick to the bunny trail for the rest of the vacation."

Laci laughed. "I'm guessing that wasn't the most fun. Why didn't you just stay off the slopes?"

Sal shook his head. "Not with my parents" he said, the pride apparent in his voice. "My father didn't build up this company with just smarts. He had creativity as well. And both parents used their creativity on raising all of us. There was no way we would have survived childhood otherwise. They forced us to go up and down the bunny slope for the next three days. It was humiliating. All the gorgeous teenage girls snickered at us. We didn't have dates for the rest of the trip."

Laci held her stomach because she was laughing so hard. She wiped a tear from her eye as she replied, "Somehow I doubt that. All five boys without dates?"

For the next hour, Laci and Sal traded skiing stories. Laci told him about her first ski instructor and how she had the biggest crush on him. But he wouldn't have anything to do wither since she didn't know how to turn. She had to ski diagonally down the slope, then fall onto her bottom and get back up so she could turn around. He told her about his first attempt at a snow boarding and how he'd almost broken his shoulder bone on his first run down the slope. He and his mother had spent the whole day in the emergency room while the rest of the family had fun skiing.

The plane touched down at the Vale airport a little after six thirty that evening. They were immediately met on the tarmac by another limousine that whisked them off to Sal's cabin.

What the Attracelli clan called a cabin was really a ten bedroom house that had a cabin feel to it. It was two stories and furnished with bare wood furniture. It was very rustic looking but had all the luxuries that anyone could possibly want, including breathtaking views of the mountains and sunset.

As soon as the front door closed behind them, Sal swung her up into his arms and made love to her on the master bedroom bed. She only had a glimpse of rustic, raw pine furniture, complete with the bark still on the bed posts before all her attention was focused on Sal and his mouth, his hands and his breath as he made slow love to her. Laci was sure she had died and gone to heaven as he took her nipple into his mouth and pulled. She arched her back, begging him to end the torture. Eventually, he pulled himself up so he could look into her eyes. "Tell me you missed me while I was gone," he demanded, refusing to go further until she said the words.

Laci instantly complied. "I missed you!"

"Ah, Laci," he said as he slowly entered her. He kept the pace slow, raising the inner tension until she burst into flames, calling out his name in the end. His release came a moment later and he fell onto her, unable to move for a long time.

"Now that's the way we should always greet each other," he sighed into her mouth, kissing her tenderly now that their passion was expended for the moment.

Laci nodded her head, a deep, throaty chuckle of agreement her only response. She couldn't do anything else since she was too satisfied to move in any other way.

Chapter 8

They dined at the lodge that night. It started off as a quiet dinner for two with candle light and soft music in the background. But right after the salads were brought to their table, two of Sal's college friends and their wives spotted them and came over to say hello. After a few minutes of talking, Sal asked them if they wanted to join them at their table. A larger table was immediately prepared for the six of them and the evening turned into a hilarious competition to see who could tell the worst story of the other. Laci couldn't remember having a more relaxing evening.

Sal's college buddies, Phillip Landew and Mark Ferguson, had gone through four years of undergraduate classes at Harvard together. Phil and Sal had gone on to get their masters degrees while Mark had gone off to law school but the three of them had kept in touch over the years and were eager to hear how things had been going since their last visit with each other.

The wives were just as nice. Phillip introduced Laci to his wife Laura, who was a lovely brunette with a quick wit and sharp blue eyes that seemed to catch everything, including her husband's teasing glances. Mark was married to a blond woman, named Samantha, who was also an attorney. They loved arguing about everything but did so in a loving, non-threatening way that made everyone feel like they were an extension of their family.

The four new people sat down and immediately included her in their friendship. The women laughed at the silly antics that were recounted of their husbands' latest runs down the slopes and rolled their eyes, but had obviously heard all the stories before because they had to correct the men several times.

Laura and Phil had been married for ten years. They spoke lovingly of their three children, ages six, eight and nine. Their kids were currently back and their cabin with the nanny watching horror movies. Laura shivered at the thought. "That means they'll all be in our bed by morning and Phil will be sleeping on the edge of the bed. All three will be clinging to us until the sun rises, and possibly beyond. But they love the scared feeling."

"My two girls are probably on the phone with their friends back home. They were horrified that we would take them away for the weekend when all their friends were staying home," Samantha replied. Samantha and Mark had been married for fifteen years, having gotten married right out of college. Their daughters, Mary and Elizabeth, were now twelve and ten, "Both going on twenty five," Samantha explained. "You think horror movies are scary! Wait until your kids reach puberty!"

Laci laughed at the female camaraderie. She envied these women their families and the knowledge that their husbands genuinely loved them.

She watched Sal and the other men as they returned from the bar, fresh drinks in their hands. Laci liked the way the three men joked with each other as if they were brothers. Laci took a sip of her wine, thanking Sal for getting her a new glass. The act, simple enough in itself, seemed somehow more significant at the moment for some reason. Sal's eyes watched her as she sipped the fragrant wine, the intensity fanning the flame inside her. As soon as she put her glass down on the table, he grabbed her hand, gently pulling her onto the dance floor and excusing them from the group.

As soon as they reached the relative solitude of the large dance area, Laci was enveloped into his arms.

"I'm sorry if I interrupted your conversation but I wanted to hold you. You look incredibly sexy in those jeans," he said and pulled her tighter against his length.

Laci was breathless for the entire dance. She loved the way she could feel the muscles in his thighs as they dance and the way his heartbeat increased whenever she moved her hand, from his hair, to his shoulder or back again.

After several songs, Sal looked at her in the eyes. "Do you want to stay longer?" he asked, his deep voice vibrating along her already charged skin, making her feel his voice as well as hear it.

She simply shook her head. Sal waived to his friends who were also on the dance floor now, letting them know that he and Laci were leaving for the night. He pulled her along behind him, and they made it to the door in record time. It was only a short drive to the cabin. As soon as the door closed behind them, Sal swung her up into his arms and carried her up the stairs then laid her on the bed.

Laci was amazed that the sex between the two of them was becoming more intense, rather than less so. She thought that familiarity would breed boredom. But not with Sal. Every move he made pulled her into a higher sense of sensuality. Each place he touched with his hands or his mouth made her cry out for release. But he was relentless. He wouldn't give her what she was begging for, pushing her hands away each time she tried to pull him closer.

Finally, Laci couldn't take anymore. She pushed his shoulders back onto the bed and straddled him, holding his arms over his head. She guided his sex into her and started the rhythm that would bring them both to fulfillment. He allowed this for a few minutes, then his natural leadership personality took over and he leaned up, took her hips in his hands and demanded that she follow his rhythm. Laci didn't mind. She loved the way he took charge, making her feel soft and feminine.

Moments later, she cried out her release, tears falling down her cheeks. She was unaware of anything afterwards. She fell asleep with her hair falling over his chest, still attached intimately.

Laci awoke the next morning to Sal nuzzling her neck. She wondered about his energy as she rolled over, giving him better access. He had woken her up three times during the night to make love to her. Now, since the sun was high overhead, she wondered what time it was. But since Sal was demanding her full attention, she gave in to his demands and followed him again into the sensuous world his hands and mouth carried her.

An hour later, they were finally dressed and eating a breakfast of muffins, eggs and bacon at the counter of the kitchen. They spent the day skiing down the slopes, racing each other to the end. Usually he won but occasionally, he got caught behind a slower skier and she was able to pull out ahead. She loved the way he challenged her. It was never just a normal ski down the slope but an all out adventure to beat the other by any means available. Laci didn't mind cheating in order to beat him. She told him that she needed some advantages over his skill and superior muscle.

By late afternoon, she had to call it quits. She was starving since they had only stopped for hot chocolate earlier. They went back to the cabin and changed. There was a message on his voice mail from Laura and Max asking if everyone wanted to meet up for drinks and dinner again tonight.

Laci was definitely up for company and she had enjoyed the other couples' laughter the night before. "But I think I need a rest before going."

"Why don't you use the bedroom for a nap and I'll check in with the office just to make sure everything is okay. Take as much time as you need."

Laci slept for two hours. She woke up with night already showing through the windows but she felt much better. Sal had worn her out with both his love making and his skiing.

She walked downstairs, wondering where he was. Everything was completely silent so she suspected that he had left her to sleep. She found his note on the counter where she was sure to find it. There was also a tray of crackers and cheese waiting for her and hot cider steaming on the stove. She sipped the cider while munching on a piece of cheese. She read the note and smiled at his thoughtfulness, warmed by his attention.

You looked exhausted so I left you alone. Meet me at the

lodge whenever you make it there. Dress casually.

Sal.

She hurried through a shower, then pulled on a pair of soft, purple slacks with a matching turtleneck. She didn't bother putting her hair up again, just let it flow down her back. The ends curled slightly since she was too impatient to dry it completely. After applying some powder, mascara and a touch of lipstick, she flew out the door, pulling her coat on as she ran down the steps.

The limousine driver who had taken them from the airport to the lodge the previous day, Harry, was waiting to take her to the lodge. As soon as he saw her, he jumped out of a Land Rover and came around to open the door for her.

"Hi Harry. How long ago did Sal leave?"

"Only about an hour ago. So you aren't too far behind him," he said as he closed the door beside her. As soon as he stepped into the driver's seat, the car sped off, Laci held on to the door handle, sure that they were going to run into one of the snow banks.

Fortunately, they arrived at the lodge in one piece. As soon as the SUV stopped, Laci jumped out and waived to Harry as she rushed through the main entrance, grateful to be on non- moving terrain.

She unzipped her coat and scanned the lobby for Sal, wondering where he was going to meet her. "Ms. Anderson?" a man asked, wearing a turtleneck shirt and jeans with a name tag pinned to his ski sweater.

"Yes," she replied, confirming her identity and waiting for him to relay whatever information he obviously had for her.

"Mr. Attracelli asked that you meet him in the bar."

Laci smiled politely. "Thank you. I guess he's been here a while, hasn't he?" she said, already knowing that he'd been there for the past hour waiting for her.

He shook his head in answer. "Only about fifteen minutes," the man responded. He bowed slightly and moved away towards another client, not realizing how much he had confused Laci.

She made her way to the opposite end of the lobby where the bar was located. She scanned the dimly lit room, trying to find Sal. She saw him at the end of the bar, laughing with Phil and Laura. The bartender was putting down drinks in front of the couple, but Sal was already halfway through his. As soon as she stepped into the bar, Sal seemed to sense her presence and looked up. He smiled when his eyes lit upon her and he stood up, immediately making his way over towards her.

"You look much better," he said and bent down to kiss her gently.

Laci smiled, instantly forgetting her worry over the missing forty minutes. As soon as Laci joined the other three, a hostess arrived and led them to a table that looked out onto the mountain. The foursome enjoyed seafood and large, fragrant potatoes, all of them demolishing the meal on their plates. Laci, who usually could barely eat half a meal, was amazed that she wasn't painfully stuffed after eating every bite. But she supposed that a day of skiing would increase anyone's appetite.

The evening seemed to fly by. They were all dancing and laughing. Before Laci knew it, it was already midnight and Sal was guiding her out the door and into the waiting Land Rover. Harry drove them home at a very sedate pace while Laci fell asleep on Sal's shoulder, despite the long nap she'd had that afternoon.

Saturday dawned with beautiful sunny skies and not a cloud anywhere to be seen. Laci woke up alone in bed, listening to Sal on the phone. His deep voice was asking rapid fire questions to the person at the other end of the line.

He got off the line and saw her, then came over to her smiling. "Ready?" he asked and leaned over her, the heat in his eyes indicating what he was ready for.

Laci pulled the sheet up over her breasts, laughingly wary of the look in his eyes. "I'm not sure," she replied, giggling when he nipped her shoulder.

"I left you alone last night because you looked so exhausted. Bu I don't think I can do that anymore," he said, his eyes lighting up as he took in her naked state beneath the covers.

"You left me alone for my sake?" she laughed. "Well, that was not very nice of you," she said, then sat up, letting the sheet fall down her body as she got up on her knees, moving gracefully to the edge of the bed. "Why don't you make up for that oversight right now?" she said and met his kiss halfway.

Sal pulled off his jeans then fell into bed with her, laughing as he caught himself before crushing her into the mattress. "I'm always willing to obey a lady," he joked, reaching for her breast.

An hour later, Laci was making them a breakfast of toasted bagels and salmon while Sal checked some information on the computer. "Everything ok?" she asked, wondering about his intense expression. She handed him a cup of hot, fragrant coffee, taking a sip of her own.

He glanced up and his face instantly cleared. He took the two plates loaded with bagels, cream cheese and smoked salmon she was carrying. "Fine," he replied. "Are you ok to do more skiing today? Or are you too sore?"

Laci laughed. "Think you can out run me again?"

"Don't even try it," he said and lifted her up against his body for a deep kiss. They were interrupted by the shrill ring of the telephone. Sal glanced down at her. "Don't go away."

She laughed quietly as he left to answer the phone. She glanced down at the table and decided to start without him. She was famished. She took a bite of the warm bagel while she watched him on the phone. Laci decided that she wouldn't want to be the caller if his expression was any indication. Whoever it was, they had made him instantly irritated. She couldn't hear his conversation, but she knew he was trying to be patient but still end the phone call. He hung up a moment later and came to sit next to her.

"Problems?" she asked, sipping her coffee.

"No," he said. "Just a nuisance." He took a sip of coffee and changed the subject "I made reservations for us at La Nice tonight. I hope that's ok."

"Since I have no idea what La Nice is, I'm guessing it will be fine," she said cheekily.

"It's a French restaurant with wonderful food. I think you'll like it."

She could tell that he was still irritated by the phone call but was trying to put it behind him "How about if we hurry up and get out onto the slopes. Will they be crowded today?"

"Probably. Think you can handle it?" he challenged.

"Probably," she quipped.

They finished their breakfast, bantering back and forth. By the time they reached the top of the mountain, she was betting him drinks that night that she could beat him down the slope.

Chapter 9

That night, she pulled on the strappy sandal and looked over her reflection in the mirror. The dress was clinging to her in all the right places. She felt pretty and sexy, she thought as she adjusted the strap on her shoulder.

Sal came out of the closet tying his tie and stopped to stare at her, his hands frozen at his neck. "You look beautiful," he said.

She looked him up and down. "So do you," she said and came over to pull the end of his tie down through the loop, taking over where his hands had stopped.

The night was perfect. They ate dinner overlooking the slopes, the skiers gliding down with lights as if they were winter fireflies flittering through the black night. She ordered a chicken plate that was delicately seasoned but still tangy and spicy with a creamy pasta sauce that perfectly complimented the chicken. Sal had roasted Salmon with rice pilaf and they shared the flavors together. Sal ordered white wine and they sipped it as they watched the skiers and listened to the soft music.

"What do you want from life?" Sal asked suddenly.

As she looked at him across the table, her first instinct was to say simply, "You." But she doubted he'd like to hear that. She suspected that comments like that tended to scare away confirmed bachelors like Salvatore Attracelli. Laci wasn't sure how to answer that. "I don't know. In what sense?"

"Do you want kids?"

She shrugged her shoulders and looked away, hoping he didn't see the hunger in her eyes at the mention of having children. "I suppose every woman wants kids," she carefully replied. "I love being around Josh and Max. Victoria doesn't give me enough time alone with them though since she likes being with them herself," she smiled fondly, thinking of her rambunctious nephews.

She desperately wanted kids but that was a forbidden topic with Sal. Allowing herself to imagine having children naturally led to the father of them. And she wanted nothing more than to give Sal children. But that would be for another woman. Someone more sophisticated and worldly. She knew she was only a fling for him. And her heart ached at the idea.

"How many would you like to have?"

She looked wistfully out the window. "I don't know. Probably a houseful," she laughed. "But since I don't have any at the moment it is easy to think about the fantasy of kids instead of the reality. If I go that route, probably only one or two."

Sal chuckled. "I know you're point. My initial reaction would be to have five or six. But that number goes down when I think about them dating or driving."

"That's a good point. I can't imagine allowing my daughters to date."

"Why just your daughters?"

Laci laughed and glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. "Because I know what men are thinking about. And I don't want my daughter to have to fight off those thoughts," she explained.

"You have a good point," he said, his smile lecherous. "How old were you when you started dating? And was your father okay with it?"

She thought back to her first boyfriend. "Well, I think I was in seventh grade when I had my first boyfriend. But I'm not sure that really counts since all we did was meet on the play ground after school and talk. My father didn't know anything about it, thankfully."

"Talk?" he smiled knowingly.

"Yes, Talk!" she declared, knowing that he would have wanted something more than a conversation even at the tender age of ten or eleven. "I'm guessing you'd have wanted to do more, but I was too shy," she said, laughing at his leering expression. "How old were you?"

"I think I was about the same age."

"What was her name?"

"Who?"

"You're first girlfriend?"

Sal took a sip of his wine and thought for a moment. "I can't remember her name."

"Johnny Wiggins," she stated.

"That's the name of your playground lothario? How in the world can you remember his name?"

Laci nodded. "Of course I remember his name. He was also an inch shorter than me but still the cutest boy in school."

"I bet you were the prettiest."

"Nope. I wore braces and glasses. And my hair was long and always in a braid. And I was painfully skinny."

"I can't imagine you being..."

"Salvatore! You're avoiding me!" a harsh female voice said from behind Laci.

She turned to see who was interrupting their quiet interlude, wishing she could tell them to leave immediately so she could continue her conversation with Sal. Laci almost choked on her wine when the blond woman from Sal's office glided up to their table, a distinguished older gentleman behind her.

Sal's mouth thinned at their interruption. "Debra." He didn't disguise his irritation at the interruption.

The blond, apparently called Debra, leaned down and gave Sal an air kiss, engulfing their table in heavy perfume. "We saw you all the way across the restaurant and rushed over to say hello. Well," she turned to glare at her companion behind her, "I rushed over. Manny just kept saying that I was seeing things. I told Manny that it was you but he didn't believe me." She turned to bestow a pout in the general direction of the man standing quietly behind her. "See! I told you it was Sal."

The man didn't reply, but simply raised one eyebrow as if to question her exclamation if not her comment.

Sal looked around the imposing blond to the man. "How are you Manny?"

The man reached around and shook Sal's hand. "I'm doing well, how are you?"

"Fine, thanks." Sal was cordial, but these were obviously not his favorite people.

Laci didn't understand the undercurrents between the three people but she wanted to stay out of the way. There was something going on that she was obviously not privy to and she didn't ask for details. She didn't want these people to continue to interrupt their evening and she prayed that Sal didn't invite them to stay as he had the previous two nights with his friends.

Manny came closer to Sal, his gaze speculative. "I've heard on the streets that something big is coming down the mill on the union contracts. Is that true?"

Sal's eyes shuttered. "Anything is possible," was all he would say.

Manny nodded and smiled slightly, as if he had been given a great piece of knowledge. "I see," he said.

Laci instantly disliked him. He seemed sleazy in a moneyed sort of way, as if his wealth entitled him to live outside the rules. She really didn't like the way he leered at her, either. She thought his current date was enough and for the older man. He didn't need to flirt with Laci as well just to prove he was man enough for the entire female population. Laci pushed her seat back a few inches as inconspicuously as possible, wanting to put as much space between the obnoxious couple and herself.

Debra's pretty, red mouth pouted at being left out of the conversation. "When are you heading back?" she asked, drawing all eyes back to herself.

"Tomorrow," Sal answered. "And you?"

Debra stuck her hand through Manny's arms before answering, snuggling into his side. "Oh, I don't know. What do you think Manny? Have we had enough of the cold, mountain air?"

Manny wasn't in the mood to humor her for some reason because he embarrassed her with his answer. "How would you know? You've been in the house the whole time?"

Debra didn't like that response. "Well, it has been bitterly cold. Sal knows this. When we were here last time, he didn't complain about me not skiing." She smiled as if her comment was more than just a simple statement. Her words and manner suggested that there was more to the reason Sal knew about her dislike of the cold weather.

Laci couldn't keep the shock from her expression at the revelation that Sal and Debra had been here together, probably romantically. In fact, Laci felt an almost overpowering need to slap the woman's face. She didn't, of course, but Laci wanted the woman to leave them alone.

"Debra..." Sal started, his tone warning the woman to stop the direction she was going with her conversation.

But obviously the woman knew how to make a good exit line because she waived her hands and smiled. "I've really got to go now. You two have a lovely dinner." She put her red taloned hand through Manny's arm again and pulled him away from the table. "Come on Manny, I think I need a drink," she said as she walked gracefully away from their table.

Laci looked down at her wine glass. She couldn't look him in the eye after that encounter.

"It wasn't what you are thinking," he said, his deep voice velvety soft.

Laci smiled tightly and took a slow sip of wine, needing the distraction to control her emotions. "I'm not thinking about anything other than the fact that we are leaving tomorrow. It was a nice weekend," she said stiffly.

Sal knew better and explained Debra's parting comment to Laci. "She locked herself out of her house and stayed in mine for about an hour until her second husband arrived with a key. It was over Christmas vacation so the whole family was here as well. I don't know why she tried to imply something more significant happened but I guarantee that we've never been together romantically or otherwise."

"Well, that must have been a disappointment for her," Laci said, feeling her chest relax and her breathing coming easier. She was so relieved that he hadn't been with Debra that she was almost light headed.

Sal laughed. "I'm sure it was."

Laci looked around the room, then back to him. "I need to visit the ladies room, but after that, I'd really like you to take me home, Sal," she said, her voice telling him exactly what she intended. Laci needed Sal to take her back to his house and make love to her until the stench of Debra's innuendos were forgotten.

Sal stood up and was instantly behind her chair. "I'll meet you in the lobby," he said close to her ear.

Laci finished in the bathroom and was walking out a moment later but stopped dead in her tracks as soon as she entered the lobby. There was another woman draping herself against Sal. She was dressed all in black, right down to her black satin, high-heeled shoes. She had short black hair that curled beautifully around her classic features.

As soon as the mysterious woman put her arms around Sal, he pulled them back down to her sides and took a step back, putting some space between their bodies. Laci was too far away to hear what was said, but she saw Sal speak softly but firmly to the beautiful woman. It was obvious from the woman's body language that she didn't like what Sal was saying. She quickly moved off and Sal didn't even watch her leave. But Laci did. Her stomach clenched and her mind was spinning. She forced her feet to move away from the ladies room door and towards Sal who had spotted her and smiled.

They arrived back at the cabin and Laci desperately touched him everywhere, not able to get enough of him. Their lovemaking was almost frantic. Each time she started drifting off to sleep, she would reach out to him and they would start making love again. By dawn, she was exhausted and fell into a fitful sleep.

They spent most of the day skiing down fresh slopes with brilliant sunshine. Unfortunately, the time to leave came too quickly for Laci. The flight home was quick and quiet. Laci left him at her apartment doorway with only a kiss, knowing he needed to stop by the office to get some files for a morning meeting.

As soon as her apartment door closed Sunday night, with Sal on the other side rushing off to his office, she burst into tears. Was she just another woman in a long line? Laci had known all along that Sal had dated many women. She suspected that she was just another notch in his belt even though he wasn't as callous as that. And she couldn't handle being the next in line. She wanted him too desperately, and knew she was already desperately, painfully in love with him.

Should she have gone skiing with him? Would she have been better off not knowing what it would be like to share a life with him? Laci didn't know the answer to that. A part of her wouldn't trade the past weekend for anything. She would savor the time she'd spent with Sal for years. But the other part of her knew that she'd never feel this way about any other man. Sal was too vital, too intense, too wonderful. After a sleepless night, she showered and dressed for work, bracing herself for the day ahead.

Surprisingly, the morning went well for her. She was able to clean up several items on her desk that had arrived in her absence the week before. But the afternoon was long and tiring. She met with Max and Jim to go over more points on the union contract and she was irritated that the negotiations had lasted this long. As far as she was concerned, the points were irrelevant now and Max was only dragging out the nit picking details, trying to get an extra dime out of the workers for their health care coverage or reviewing several safety issues that had already been hammered down.

She jumped each time someone passed by the conference room doors, wondering if Sal would come in to talk to her.

By five thirty, she was exhausted and worried. She'd made a decision to not see Sal anymore but knew she'd have to meet with him one last time to tell him that. She wanted that time to happen now, on somewhat neutral territory but she suspected that he was out of the office today.

They were packing up a half hour later when Sal walked in and sat down. "Can we go over the progress so far?" he asked, looking at her and Jim for approval.

All three of them nodded and sat back down in their chairs. Sal took the chair at the end of the table while Max went over the points each side had agreed upon so far.

Sal nodded his head and wrote down some notes. As soon as Max finished speaking, Sal chimed in with some changes. "We'll give the workers a fifty cent break a month on health coverage, they also need dental and eye coverage but that can be an option they choose if they want the extra expense."

As he went through the issues, Laci and Jim frantically wrote down notes, her mind whirling at how much Sal was giving in on. Many of the points Sal was changing, Max had fought tooth and nail for. She glanced up for a moment to see his reaction. But he had a satisfied smile on his face and seemed to be nodding in agreement to everything Sal was giving in on.

Laci was thoroughly confused but also speechless.

When he was done, he pushed the note pad back over to Max, then looked directly at her. "Could I have a private word with you?" he asked politely.

Laci could only nod her head. She followed behind him, not understanding what had happened in the last fifteen minutes. Was he nuts? He'd given in on so many items and it would cost the company a good deal of money over the next five years.

She entered his office and stood there, wanting to tell him that she couldn't' see him anymore, but not sure how to go about it after his generosity. Or had she just been bought and paid for? That thought made her furious. "Why did you do that?" she asked, controlling her anger only barely.

Sal walked around her and closed the door for privacy. "Because it was the right thing to do. And most of my companies have those benefits, why not that particular one?"

The fire went out of her. That had been her argument on several occasions but Max had pushed it aside with counter arguments about the cost for that particular factory. "But, I don't understand," she said, her hands facing up to the ceiling as if the explanation would fall from the ceiling.

"What's to understand?" he said and started walking towards her. "The negotiations are over, you and I can get on with..."

Whatever he had been about to say was interrupted by the door to his office opening with a flourish. "Sal, I simply must talk...." The blond and perfumed Debra started saying as soon as the door opened. "Oh!" she said, a perfectly manicured hand went to her mouth. "I'm sorry, am I interrupting something?" she asked, a slight smile on her lips.

Laci's shoulder's lowered in defeat. She had no idea what Sal had been about to say, but it was just as well. She needed to break it off with him and the entrance of Debra only crystallized that decision.

"Would you excuse us Debra?" Sal asked politely, not taking his eyes off Laci.

"Sure!" she said brightly. "I'll call you."

As soon as the door was shut again, Laci took a deep breath. "Look, Sal. I don't think this is going to work out. I think we should just end it before it goes too far," she said and turned around on her heel intending to leave.

"What are you talking about?" he asked, looking genuinely surprised at her statement.

"This...thing we have between us," she explained, still staring at the door Debra had just vacated. She knew Sal was behind her but couldn't face him, the pain of what she was doing was too raw. "We need to stop before someone gets hurt."

"Just like that?" he said, his tone suddenly angry. "What if it has already gone too far?" he demanded.

Laci shook her head. "No. It's best this way," she said and her hand reached out for the door handle.

"Best for who?" he said, spinning her around to face him.

Laci tried not to be intimidated, but Sal angry was a powerful force. "Sal, look, I don't think it will do any good to hash this out. I just need to end it. Now."

Sal didn't respond but his hands gripping her arms gentled. "What happened? Are you mad because I had to work last night? Believe me, if I could have stayed with you I would have..."

"No. It has nothing to do with that."

"Then what is it? Why are you doing this?"

She was fighting back tears now and she didn't want him to see them fall. She needed to get out of here with a little pride. Taking a deep breath, she said, "Because it needs to happen. It was going to happen sooner or later so let's just make it sooner," she explained, hoping he would accept her decision and let her go, staring at the button on his shirt instead of at his face.

She pulled her arms free of his grip and stepped back. She reached for the door, unable to look at him, afraid she might lose her resolve.

She quickly rushed to the conference room and packed up her briefcase. It wasn't until she was in her car and driving out of the garage would she allow the tears to flow. She wasn't sure, but she thought she saw Debra heading back into the office via the front door. That only firmed Laci's resolve. That woman could be relentless!

Laci went home that night and cried herself to sleep. She woke about two in the morning and changed out of her suit and into a pair of sweats and a tee shirt then went back to bed, crying herself back to sleep.

The rest of the week passed by in a blur. She worked as hard as possible during the day, taking on extra assignments so she wouldn't have time to think about Sal and wonder what he was doing. Or who he was doing it with. By the time Saturday came around again, she was in a state of misery.

She avoided the constant phone calls from her sister knowing that Victoria would want an explanation but unable to give her the real reason. How could her strong, vibrant sister who was madly in love with her husband and very secure that the love was returned, understand that Laci was just too scared to pin all her dreams on a star? She was madly in love with Sal. But there was no reason to believe that he returned those feelings. And there was ample evidence that he was probably following the same pattern as all his previous relationships. Laci didn't want to fall into that group. She couldn't handle becoming more emotionally addicted to a man that was too wonderful, too sexy, too perfect for her in every way. And then watch him leave her for the next beautiful woman that came along.

By Saturday morning, Victoria was no longer allowing Laci to avoid the conversation. She came over to her apartment and banged on the door. "Laci, I know you're in there, open up!"

Laci pulled herself out of her bed and unlocked the door, only to fall onto the sofa, instantly falling asleep again. She didn't want to talk to her sister and since she'd been up most of the night again crying, she didn't have the energy to fight her fatigue.

Victoria took one look around Laci's apartment and shook her head. "Laci, what is going on?" she whispered to the sleeping woman.

Victoria hung up the clothes that were lying all over the apartment, then looked into the refrigerator. There was half a cup of yogurt and some eggs but the rest of the refrigerator was empty. "Are you eating, little sis?" she asked, not expecting a response.

Victoria picked up Laci's keys and left the apartment, coming back an hour later with two armfuls of groceries. She cleaned up the rest of the apartment, made Laci's bed, put a warm blanket over the still sleeping woman, then crept into the kitchen to make dinner.

Laci woke up several hours later to a strange sound. There was someone tapping in her kitchen. She sat up on the couch and looked out the window. It was dark. Was it still night time?

No, she thought back. The last time she'd woken, it had been morning.

She finally focused her eyes and looked at the clock on the wall. It was six o'clock. She guessed it was six in the evening. She was covered by a blanket and felt more rested than she had all week.

"Are you alive?" a gratingly cheerful voice called out from the kitchen.

Laci smiled slightly. "Victoria?"

"Yep," she said and poked her head out of the kitchen doorway to smile at her little sister. "It's about time you woke up. I've been dying to find out what is going on with you" she said and carried two steaming cups of tea to the sofa, handing one to Laci. "So spill it," she said, pushing Laci's legs off the end of the couch to make room for herself to sit down.

Laci leaned back against the cushions and took a sip of tea. "Spill what?" she said, trying to avoid the conversation. "Where are the kids?"

"With Thomas. Don't change the subject."

"What's the subject?" Laci asked, hiding behind her cup, unable to look at her older sister in the eyes.

"Why you look like death."

"You don't really pull any punches," Laci laughed, but ran a hand through her hair, then grimaced when her fingers became caught in the mass of tangles.

"I never have and you're changing the subject again. What's going on?"

"Victoria, I don't really want to talk about it," she sighed and looked up at the ceiling.

"Talk about what?"

Laci rolled her head against the back of the sofa. There was no getting around it, she'd have to tell Victoria if only to get her to leave her alone. "I broke up with Sal."

Victoria nodded her head. "I know that. But why?"

"How did you know?" Laci asked carefully.

"Because Sal's been terrorizing all his brothers with work demands, running himself just as ragged as you look. So I've deduced that the two of you are avoiding something. I just wasn't sure what. It was a guess that it was each other. You've confirmed my suspicious, now give me the why's and wherefores."

Laci was instantly concerned. "Is he ok?"

Victoria raised one shoulder, indicating that he wasn't really okay. "Physically, yes. But as I said, he's been demanding reports and implementing ideas so fast everyone's head is spinning. The boys are about to revolt."

"What?" Laci said, sitting up. "They can't do that to Sal. He's head of the corporation."

Victoria's eyebrows went up at Laci's instantaneous defense of Sal but she said nothing for the moment on that subject. "So why did you break up with him?"

Laci shook her head. "I just did the inevitable."

"Why was it inevitable?"

"You know," Laci shrugged.

Victoria nodded. Then laughed, shaking her head. "Nope. I'm sorry, I have no clue. You're going to have to spell it out for me."

"It would have happened eventually. Sal has been with so many women, it's disgusting."

"I wouldn't say that many women," Victoria contradicted.

"Enough."

"Well, possibly," she acquiesced on the point, not wanting to argue something that didn't seem relevant anymore. "But that just means he knows what he wants when he finds it."

"Until something else comes along that he wants."

Victoria looked confused for a moment. "You think Sal is the love 'em and leave 'em type?"

Laci didn't respond.

Victoria continued instead of waiting for an answer. "From the looks of the two of you at lunch a few weeks ago, I would have thought you were in love with him."

Laci stared at her cup, not bothering to respond.

"So that's it." Victoria said slowly. "You're in love with him," she said, almost as if she were explaining it to herself. "Have you told him that?"

Laci laughed but it held no humor. "No. I don't think Sal would appreciate another naive female throwing herself at him. That seems to happen frequently enough already."

Victoria sat up. "What are you talking about?"

Laci sighed deeply. "When we were in Colorado..."

"When were you in Colorado?"

"Last weekend."

"Together?"

"Yes," Laci replied, getting impatient with her sister's interruptions.

"And?"

"And...Sal had some blond woman throwing herself at him Saturday night at dinner. Then later, when I was coming out of the bathroom, there was a brunette trying to get into his suit in the lobby."

Victoria laughed. "I'm guessing he was still in it at the time."

"It isn't funny, Vic."

"I'm sure it wasn't."

"So anyway, when we got back to town, I just decided to end it on a good note. Let things end while they were still nice."

"What happened?"

"One of his Colorado amours showed up, pretty much making the decision for me."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, the woman who interrupted our dinner on Saturday night walked in to Sal's office as if she'd been there too many times. I ended it then and there, not wanting to be the one that got dumped."

Victoria watched her little sister fight back the tears. "And was it the right choice?"

Laci nodded, ignoring the tears that spilled out over her lashes.

"Well, I think the first thing we need to do is to get some food in you. Then you need to sleep for a while longer. After that, we'll have another conversation. Maybe that one will be a little more satisfying than this one."

"I'm not really hungry. And don't you need to get home?"

"I'm hungry and no, I don't need to get home. Thomas is with the kids and he's using it as a convenient excuse to avoid the wrath of Sal lately. Watching Sal's niece and nephews is about the only excuse Thomas has been allowed over the past week so he is exploiting it."

Victoria stood up and walked into the kitchen. Laci followed her and took a seat at the kitchen table. There was a huge stack of mail and newspapers piled haphazardly on the table and Laci decided she should probably go through it and toss the junk so she could pay her bills.

While Victoria chopped up onions, green peppers and mushrooms, then fixed both of them an omelet, Laci went through her mail. Once she had sifted out all the junk mail flyers, she set aside the bills for tomorrow, not sure she had the energy to pay them tonight.

She pulled the latest paper closer and skimmed the contents. She had been out of it for over a week but the same issues were in the paper. The politicians were still arguing over the latest health care initiative, schools were demanding more money, the police were slowly catching up on solving the latest crime and the Europeans were leading the way with the fashion line up again this year. She looked at the gossip column, wondering why people ever bothered to read such tripe but knowing she couldn't handle anything more substantial.

Victoria placed a huge omelet in front of Laci with the order to "Eat."

Laci dove into the cheesy egg, suddenly realizing she was hungry. "This is delicious. Thank you!"

They talked and read various parts of the paper, each trying to top the other's most ridiculous story. Laci was skipping through the Style section, skimming the gossip columns when suddenly, her fingers didn't have the strength to hold the fork. She simply stared at the black and white picture. The date at the top said that the picture had been taken the night before.

"What's wrong?" Victoria instantly asked.

Laci pushed her omelet away from her, feeling as if she were going to be sick. Victoria didn't ask again, she just took the paper from Laci's numb hands and found out for herself.

"Oh, Laci. I'm so sorry," she said as soon as she saw the picture of a smiling Sal with his arm around a petite, short-haired blond.

The caption beneath the picture read, "Is the gorgeous Mr. Attracelli finally back in circulation after a disappearance of several months?" The article discussed how Salvatore Attracelli, one of the region's most eligible bachelors, had not been appearing at many social functions after being "bought" at a charity auction by a mysterious brunette a month ago. The author speculated that perhaps Mr. Attracelli had been too busy with business but was now going to make up for lost time.

Laci's face was already wet with tears when she stood up and walked into her bedroom, quietly closing the door behind her.

She didn't know if Victoria was still there or if she had left. Nor did she care. Her suspicions had been confirmed: Laci was out and a new belle had taken her place at the ball.

She curled into a ball and cried herself back to sleep, grateful for the solace of sleep where she didn't have to feel the pain of Sal's lack of reciprocating feelings.

Laci woke the next morning and looked in the mirror. She barely recognized the woman staring back at her. There were dark circles under her eyes, her hair looked as if she had stuck her finger in an electrical socket. She'd lost so much weight her already loose sweat pants and shirt were literally hanging off her figure.

She needed to pull herself together. Grabbing a pair of stretch pants and running shoes, she grabbed her keys and left her apartment. Once out on the street, she took a deep breath of cold air and started stretching. With her muscles warmed up, she started jogging down the street. Eventually, the rhythm of her feet pounding against the pavement and the burning feeling in her chest obliterated the pain she felt in her heart.

Okay, she told herself, Sal had moved on. It was time for her to do the same. She needed to pull herself together, get back to work and get herself back into circulation. Laci pushed herself to finish a five mile run. Slowing down as she neared her apartment, Laci felt better. After a shower and a thorough combing of her hair, she knew she needed to count her blessings. She had a great job, a great sister, supportive parents and the cutest nephews in the world. Asking for more was just being selfish, she told herself.

It took her an hour to brush all the tangles out of her hair but she felt much better once it was curling around her waist again. An act of peevishness made her braid it and tie it up around the nape of her neck, since Sal preferred it loose around her shoulders. She spent the rest of the day cleaning her apartment. It was cathartic in a way. Cleaning the floor, scrubbing the grunge from around the cabinets and the soap scum from her bathroom helped her get her life back into perspective. She still ached each time she thought about Sal, but as long as she focused on something else quickly, she was able to hold back the tears. By the end of the day, she felt as if that were enough of an accomplishment.

The next morning, she was in the office early, dressed neatly in a brown tweed suit and turtleneck, cream sweater. Her hair was again neatly tucked away in a bun on her neck and she felt, if not renewed, at least ready to face another week of work.

She had been working for about three hours, building up arguments for an upcoming negotiation with a husband/wife team who were busy dividing up their assets, when Jim walked into her office and dropped a huge stack of papers onto her desk.

"What's this?" she asked, reading the top page.

"The union's contract. You need to get it signed and delivered to the union members. They ratified the agreement last week. We need to get everything finalized but need ATI's president to sign them first."

See Sal again? Walk into his office and talk to him, ask him to sign papers for something he might not agree to now? Laci panicked. Jim was already walking out of her office so she grabbed the large document and ran after him. "Can't you take these over to get them signed?" she asked Jim, stopping him in the middle of the hallway. She didn't want to walk into Sal's office where they'd fought only three days ago and ask him to sign the contract. Her stomach felt queasy just thinking about it.

"Nope, I'm on my way to Toledo. You'll have to get it signed. And it has to be quick. From what I understand, the union representatives are getting a little antsy about the whole issue. They want everything signed, sealed and delivered before they do something rash."

"Why Toledo?" she asked. She knew she was stalling for time but couldn't think of anything else to say at the moment. So she latched onto the one thing she could understand out of the whole conversation.

"Some plastic surgeon is being sued by a group of women demanding reparations. We're representing the women. I have to be on a plane in," he looked down at his watch, "well, in less than an hour. I have to go. Just get Sal to sign them and we're all done, case closed. Good job, by the way."

And with a wave of his hand and a wink, he was gone. What he didn't know was that he was leaving Laci in the most uncomfortable position possible. After last week, she'd thought she'd never have to face Sal again.

Laci stared down at the huge document on her desk wondering how she was going to get Sal's signature.

With shaking fingers, she dialed up his office line, knowing the best approach was to just get it over with.

His secretary answered the phone on the first ring. "Hi, Norma. This is Laci Anderson with Massey and Mehan. I was hoping I could come over and get some documents signed by Mr. Attracelli if he has a few minutes today."

"I'll see," Norma said briskly.

Laci pulled the phone away from her ear, wondering if she was just imagining the strict woman's almost hostile tone.

A moment later, Norma came back on the line. "I'm sorry Ms. Anderson, Mr. Attracelli is booked up for the week. I'll call you if he has any time." And the line went dead.

Laci was shocked. Sal didn't have five minutes to sign some contracts? Contracts he had changed at the last minute? What was going on?

But Laci didn't have the courage to figure it out right now. She had braved the phone call and that was all she could deal with at the moment. She went back to her work and tried to get the conversation out of her mind.

It was seven o'clock that night and Laci was still at the office, avoiding going home to her silent apartment where she would probably sulk about Sal again. She almost jumped out of her seat when the phone at her elbow rang. Who could be calling her this late at night, she wondered.

"Laci Anderson," she answered.

"What are you doing working this late?" Sal's voice demanded.

"I...I..."

"Never mind," he said impatiently. "If you want those documents signed, get over here now. Otherwise, I'll be out of town for the next two weeks."

"But the union contract expires next week," she exclaimed. She remembered Jim's comment about how the union representatives were already nervous and that just created more pressure to get the document signed immediately.

"Well then you'd better get the documents over here now," he said in a quietly deadly voice. "I'll be leaving in less than thirty minutes."

Laci thought about it for all of three seconds. "Fine," she said, reminding herself of the picture in the paper from Saturday morning. "I'll see you in twenty." The line went dead a moment later.

Laci pulled on her coat and grabbed the contract. She intended to just get his signature and leave. There was no need for chit chat, she told herself, just be a professional and get the job finished.

She drove over to the ATI building, giving herself a mental shake down and bracing herself for the confrontation. She parked her car and glanced at her watch. It had only taken ten minutes to get here. For some reason, time moved slowly at the most inopportune periods.

The elevator opened up to a completely empty executive floor. It was almost eerie. Laci made her way towards Sal's office, her mind concentrating on putting one foot in front of the other. Norma was pulling on her coat and pursed her lips when Laci came into the outer office. "I'll tell Mr. Attracelli you have arrived," she said and immediately turned her back on Laci.

Laci didn't understand the hostility and didn't care. Norma didn't know Laci's side of this issue so it was no wonder the elderly woman was favoring her boss instead of an unknown woman. Laci wondered if Norma was this angry with all the women Sal dated when things went sour. Of course, it was probably Sal who broke up with the woman, if Colorado was any indication. Those two women didn't seem like they had been in favor of the breakup with Sal.

She was sitting in a comfortable chair by the window, watching the cars as they made white and red lights on the highway. She was mentally bracing herself to see Sal again and all her concentration was focused on getting through this ordeal without breaking down in tears or, worse, begging him to take her back for as long as he would have her.

Norma came back out of Sal's office before Laci was ready. "He'll see you now," she said and finished pulling on her coat.

Laci carefully walked over to the open door and peered in. Sal was sitting behind his desk, his shirt sleeves rolled up but his tie still perfectly in place. Squaring her shoulders, she knocked on the door and plastered what she hoped was a cheerful smile on her face. "Ready to sign the documents?"

Sal didn't even look up. He just waived her into a chair and continued reading the file, making notes in the margin.

Laci endured it for all of five minutes before she lost her temper. She stood up and dropped the heavy document on his desk. "When you've signed these, just send them back to our office via courier," she said and turned to leave.

"Sit down," Sal said, his voice ringing with authority.

Laci turned around, startled by the angry tone. But he wasn't looking at her. He was arrogantly reading his file as if his simple order was enough.

"No." Laci again turned to leave, intending to slam the door on her departure.

But with a quiet voice, he said, "If you want these documents signed, you will sit down immediately. Otherwise, we can start the negotiations at the beginning." There was a pause before he added, "And Max takes off the gloves." He was looking at her, his arms crossed over his chest, challenging her to leave now that he'd issued that threat.

But Laci had had enough. His words just flamed her fury. "Who do you think you are? You can just go to hell!"

He leaned over his desk, placing his hands flat on the polished wood. "What's this?" he snarled. "Not willing to sell that beautiful body anymore?"

Laci gasped. "What are you implying?" she demanded, her eyes narrowing on his face.

Sal stood up and came around the desk, walking towards her. "You know exactly what I'm talking about. You offered up your delectable little body, in exchange, you wanted concessions for all the workers. What's wrong? Not for sale anymore?"

Laci's hand reached out to slap his face but her palm never reached its goal. Her wrist was captured in a vise-like grip while the rest of her was slammed against his body.

"Never been called a spade before?" he asked.

"I didn't sell myself to you. And if that's what you think, all those other women can have you!"

"What other women?" he demanded, pulling her closer to him when she tried wriggling away.

"Who knows? I'm just one in a long line. Why are you mad? Because I broke it off? Are you used to calling the shots? Well, sorry mister. But I can't play in your league."

"What in the world are you talking about?" he demanded.

Laci was ashamed of the tear that slipped out of her eye. "I saw the picture in the paper. Last Friday night?" she said when he still looked confused.

"You mean Mandy?"

"I don't want to know her name!" she said and yanked futily at her arm, desperately trying put some space between their bodies.

"Mandy is the head of my public relations department."

"I don't care!" she said, gritting her teeth and closing her eyes.

Sal reached up and touched her cheek, taking one of her tears onto his finger. "Crocodile tears? You really need those papers signed, don't you?"

"Burn them for all I care. Just let me go!"

His grip loosened slightly but he still wouldn't' release her. "I wish I could."

Her eyes flew open. His softer tone made her start to tremble.

"If you don't care about the documents, why did you...."

"Don't you dare say that I sold myself for my career!"

"Then why did you make love with me? Why did you go away with me?"

Laci took a deep, shuddering breath. "We had a good time. Let's just leave it at that and move on. You already have a new love in your life so let's just drop the subject."

"I've only been in love with one woman."

Laci turned her head away, the pain of his words was too intense. "I'm very glad for you."

"But she pushed me away."

Laci's control faded and the tears fell down her cheeks in a steady stream now. She tried to hide her face, but he was holding her so closely, she had no where to hide. "I'm sure she's a very stupid woman. Pleas stop telling me this. I promise I won't bother you the way the other women seem to. We can just go our separate ways. We don't run in the same circles so there probably isn't any reason we might run into each other."

"Don't you know how I feel about you?"

"Sal, I can't take this. Please let me go," she whispered.

"Not if what I'm suspecting is true."

Laci didn't respond.

"Did you push me away because of those other women?"

"No."

"Then why?"

"It doesn't matter."

"It does to me," he said softly.

"I pushed you away because I didn't want to become one of those women! I didn't want to be next in line. I can't watch you go on to the next woman."

"Why?"

She was already making a fool of herself with her silly tears so she didn't care what he thought of her anymore. She had no more pride. Laci decided to let it all out and admit her folly. "Because I love you!" she said and hit him in the chest with her fists. It didn't do much damage though since he was still holding her still. "There! I've said it. Are you happy now? I'm just another one of your adoring fans." Laci sagged against him, utterly defeated now that she had said the words out loud.

Sal wrapped his arms around her, gently enfolding her in his warm embrace. "I see."

Laci pushed against his chest. "No, you don't see. Look, I can't handle this kind of casual relationship. I got emotionally involved. I knew the rules and I got burned. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to leave with the shred of dignity I have left."

She turned to leave but before she could take her second step, she heard him say, "I did too."

With her hand on the doorknob, she wiped her cheek and asked, "You did too, what?"

"I got emotionally involved."

The words just hung in the air for a moment.

"And if you'll marry me, I guarantee the women will stop challenging you for possession."

"What?" she said, slowly turning, afraid to accept the words she was hearing.

"I'm saying I'd like you to put your stamp of ownership on me. Marry me. Don't leave me to the Debra's of this world," he pleaded.

He didn't have to say another word. By the time he'd finished his sentence, she had already thrown herself into his arms and was openly weeping and kissing him at the same time.

Chapter 10

It was eight o'clock in the morning and the phone rang again. Laci pulled her hair out of her face and looked up. "Are you going to answer it this time?"

Sal growled and pulled her body higher against his. "No way. It's probably one of my brothers calling to give me some information I've asked them about this week."

Laci laughed, delighted, but gasping as he took her nipple in his mouth. "So they get a break and I have to work all morning, huh?"

"Absolutely," he said and took her other nipple, sucking and teasin. "Don't worry, I'll ask your boss to give you the day off,"

Laci wanted to laugh, but her thoughts were centered on what he was doing. The phone rang and in the distance, she heard Thomas on the answering machine spouting out some numbers.

"Victoria mentioned something about you being an ogre."

"Not anymore. They can take the day off for all I care," he said and rolled her beneath him. "I'm certainly planning on it."

Sal announced their engagement the following Sunday during lunch. No one even blinked an eye when he said the news. Laci laughed at Sal's expression but she'd already told her sister, who had probably mentioned it to Thomas. Thomas might have mentioned it to one of the other brothers and the news had just traveled through the siblings.

"The joys of living with a large family," Laci said and took Sal's hand under the table.

"Are you sure you're ready for this?"

"Do I have a choice?"

"No!" Sal replied and bent over to kiss her. That received several cheers from her future brothers in law. The whole family stopped their talking and cheered as Sal and Laci ignored each and every one of them.

"We're falling fast," Thomas mentioned to Antonia who smiled back at him.

"I think you're right. Sal's taking the plunge. Who is going to be the next to fall for the love of their life," Antonia replied and glanced at her three single brothers. All of them stared back at her, then one by one, laughed at the possibility.

