Chapter 1

Marabeth Elizabeth Marquenda, Royal Princess of Cordova, stood in the red salon, twirling the tassel of the velvet curtain between her fingers. She took a deep breath and began again, wishing she could come up with the right words to explain her proposal. "Here's the situation, Lord Marcum," she explained to the man sitting on the settee behind her. "I know you don't really understand the problems of being royalty," she began. "It can be extremely tedious sometimes and there are restrictions on what one says and does and where we go and how we act. But there are advantages as well. For instance, we...." Marabeth looked out at the darkness, trying to come up with an example. "We....um..." she couldn't really think of anything right at the moment. She sighed, frustrated and embarrassed but trying to put on a good front and determined to plow through the situation. "Well, there are, you'll just have to trust me."

Since the man hadn't interrupted her, she took a deep breath and continued. "You see, I have to find a husband quickly. And you seem to be the one my parents apparently like. So...I was wondering, if it isn't too much trouble, if you could possibly see your way, to, well...you know... perhaps it wouldn't be terribly awkward...." She stopped, flustered on how to proceed.

Marabeth was just too embarrassed. She was glad her back was still to the man or he'd probably see the color in her cheeks.

She wanted to propose to Lord Marcum, but the words just wouldn't come to her. How does one tell a man that, because he's not terribly loathsome, he would do for a husband? Wasn't there more to the world? Didn't she have some other opportunity besides being married to a man she could barely endure? Was this what she would face for the rest of her life?

"Please continue. I'm desperate to hear what you're about to ask your devoted audience," a strange, deep voice said from behind her.

Marabeth spun around to locate the voice, her flaming red hair swinging over one shoulder and her crystal blue eyes turning angry at the invasion. She had thought that she and Lord Marcum were alone in the salon. She'd been sure to check the area before starting the conversation only a few minutes ago, which meant someone had invaded the room while she'd been talking, an horribly humiliating possibility.

But there, standing just inside the doorway, was an incredibly handsome man leaning against the wall with a slight smile on his lips. He was extremely tall, with dark hair and very broad shoulders. His tuxedo must be well padded which made him look more muscular than he possibly could be.

"Who are you?" Marabeth demanded, shocked and embarrassed that she had been caught in such an awkward situation.

The man walked over to her and bowed low. "Sam Montrose, at your service, Your Highness." He took her cold hand in his large, warm one and kissed her fingers, sending delicious shivers through her system. He glanced at the man sitting on the settee behind them. "Would you like me to rouse the man so you can finish proposing to him?"

Marabeth ignored the tingles shooting up her arm from his touch and quickly pulled her hand out from his, feeling her cheeks flame red with embarrassment. She looked over at Lord Marcum and, sure enough, he was sound asleep on the settee, leaning precariously against the side as if he were about to topple off the furniture.

Good grief, she thought as she looked at the sleeping man and wishing him to perdition for the humiliation he was currently causing her. What was wrong with her? She couldn't even propose to a man? Was she that boring and pathetic? Couldn't she hold a man's interest for longer than the time it took to dance and say all the correct trivialities?

The man named Sam chuckled at her indignation. "I'm guessing he's not very interested. But perhaps if you ask me, I'll stay awake long enough to hear your proposal."

That only ignited her anger more. How could he be so ungentlemanly to tease her in such an embarrassing moment such as this? The double insult, first from Lord Marcum falling asleep during her proposal and now this...this man teasing her, it was just too much for Marabeth to take with her present frustration. "Oh! Who are you and what are you doing in here?" Marabeth demanded, taking several steps away from the tall, overwhelming man who smelled wonderful, she noted irritably.

"My apologies for the intrusion, Your Highness," he said and bowed again but his eyes were glinting with humor. "I'm here at the request of your brother, Prince Maximillian. But I'm very glad to have made your acquaintance."

Marabeth was not used to someone being so casual around her. Most people bowed and curtsied in her presence, usually driving her nuts. But this man was entirely too casual for her. Didn't he have any respect for her title at all? She was a royal princess but he was treating her as if she were a waitress at the bar he was patronizing.

"Shall I rouse him so you can finish?" Sam offered again.

Marabeth looked over at the man sleeping on the settee with disgust. "No. Thank you though," she said as politely as her anger would allow and started to step around the taller man. But Sam caught her by the arm to stop her. His grip wasn't hard. It was very light in fact. It was the heat coming through to her skin that shocked her to her core.

Gone was the teasing glint and mercurial smile. His eyes were intense as they bored into her own gaze. "Don't sell yourself short, princess," he said earnestly. "You're worth more than just someone you can endure. Shouldn't you be looking for someone you're attracted to and could grow to love instead of simply someone your parents will approve of?"

She jerked her arm out of his hand and stepped back, wishing she didn't already feel bereft now that his touch was no longer on her arm. "What do you know of my situation?" she demanded, furious that the man had heard her whole, pathetic almostproposal and could read her so easily.

Sam dropped his hand from her arm and nodded slightly. "Nothing. Nothing at all, but my statement still stands. You're worth a whole lot more."

Marabeth was captured by the intensity of his gaze. His eyes looked down deep into her soul as if he could sense the butterflies his touch and closeness created.

"Well, thank you very much for your advice," Marabeth whispered. "If you'll excuse me, I really should get back to the party. My parents will be wondering where I am," she said.

"What about your date?" Sam asked, nodding to the still sleeping man slumped over on the settee.

Marabeth looked at the man and sighed. "He's not my date," she said and shook her head as she rushed out of the room on shaking legs.

What a fiasco, Marabeth thought as she hurried back into the ballroom and took a glass of cold champagne. She didn't really want the liquor. She'd prefer a glass of ice cold water. Or something that would cool off her embarrassment. But Marabeth understood that life rarely gave one what was asked of it. She watched in horror as her brother, Max, brought the tall man from the salon up to meet her father, who instantly shook his hand and nodded enthusiastically. They seemed to be talking intently, her father nodding at whatever Sam was saying.

She then watched as a beautiful blond walked up to the group of men. Marabeth knew the woman, had known her since childhood. She was Lady Cecille Phillips and had been hounding Max to marry her for years.

But tonight she didn't flirt with Max. Marabeth's dislike of Lady Cecille grew to amazing proportions as she turned and seductively flirted with Sam, right in front of Marabeth's mother and father, both of whom just smiled benignly. Sam then led the lovely lady off to the dance floor and smiled down into her vapid blue eyes as they danced closely.

Marabeth wanted to scream to Sam that Cecille was just a vacuous social climber who would sell herself off to the highest bidder. She placed her now empty glass on a side table and took another while she continued to glare at the striking couple over the rim, wishing both of them to perdition.

And just when Marabeth thought the evening could not get any worse, Sam looked up over Cecille's shoulder and caught Marabeth staring at them. He had the audacity to wink at her! Marabeth wanted to throw her glass of champagne at him but he was too far away, and it wouldn't be very couth of her. But manners came as a distant second reason for not throwing it.

Marabeth walked over to where her mother was standing and joined the group, trying to listen to the conversation. Unfortunately, it was about Sam and his qualifications for some sort of government position but she wasn't sure which since she'd come in at the tail end of the discussion. Obviously Max was extolling the obnoxious man's virtues to their parents.

She tried to walk away, not wanting to be involved in the conversation if it had anything to do with that man who had caught her at possibly the most humiliating moment of her life. She stepped away but her mother touched her arm gently. "Are you okay, dear? You look a little flushed," Queen Natasha asked gently, always the epitome of grace and elegance.

"I'm fine, mother," Marabeth said, but she raised one hand to her cheek, testing its heat.

The queen smiled and turned to face the couples dancing. "Good. Then tell me what you think of Sam Montrose. I saw you walk back into the ballroom with him right behind you several minutes ago. What were the two of you discussing together?"

Marabeth gritted her teeth, not wanting her name connected to the obnoxious man's for any reason. "Nothing. I believe he was talking to Max and I was talking to Richard Marcum."

That definitely caught her mother's attention. "Oh, that's nice. How is he doing?" Queen Natasha asked.

"He's fine, I suppose. Very tired, though," she said with derision, mostly aimed at herself though.

"Where is he?" the queen asked, looking around the ballroom. "I haven't seen him in a while but his mother is over there by the window."

Marabeth looked at the short, overweight woman who smiled artificially at everyone in her group. "I believe he's still in the red salon, but I can't be sure."

"Well, I'll see him later, I suppose. I was wondering, have you considered him as a possible candidate?" her mother asked.

Marabeth stifled a groan of annoyance. Since she had been in the middle of proposing to the man, she couldn't very well lie and say that she hadn't considered him. "The thought crossed my mind, but I don't think he'll work out."

"Why not? He comes from a very nice family. I understand he's taking over his father's business soon. And I'm sure if he didn't want to do that, we could find him a civil service job. Maybe that would allow you to live in the palace? I know your father and I would like that."

Marabeth sighed. She'd heard this conversation so many times it was becoming a ritual at every party. Not specifically about Lord Marcum but there was always some candidate her mother or father pointed out to her and listed the man's acceptability for marriage. "I know mother. And yes, I'm sure he'd make a very nice husband for someone with very low blood pressure," she said.

The chuckle behind her almost made her temper explode. How she managed to control the explosion was beyond her powers of reasoning. All Marabeth could do at that moment was excuse herself from her mother and Sam, who had finished his dance with Lady Cecille and was now standing on the perimeters of their group talking to Max and several others, many of whom were women.

"If you'll excuse me mother, I really need to talk to Beatrice," she said, referring to her school friend she'd just spotted across the room.

The rest of the evening was just as irritating. It seemed that every time she turned around, she either caught Sam dancing with some other beautiful woman, or he was looking directly at her. It was disconcerting and exhausting. By the time the midnight hour struck, Marabeth made her excuses and exited the ballroom.

She closed the doors to her suite of rooms and pulled her long, white gloves off. Tossing them onto her dressing table, she stared at her reflection in the mirror. She didn't see the redheaded beauty that stared back at her with soft, blue eyes. Nor did she see the flawless white skin that seemed to glow from within. All she saw was the awkward, skinny redhead with freckles that boys had ignored as a teenager. The only reason she'd had her first date at sixteen was because she'd already been betrothed to George Malcom, the Third. He had been killed in a driving accident two years ago, right after her sister's wedding. Now Marabeth found herself in the bizarre situation of having to find herself a new husband.

Several months after his death, she'd heard her parents discussing new possible fiances. She'd begged them to not commit her to someone she wasn't remotely attracted to, like George. They'd agreed, but not very happily. They considered it their responsibility to find her a husband who was safe, having lived with the continuous threat of kidnapping all their lives.

Marabeth pulled the zipper down her back and, inexplicably, the smell of Sam came to her mind. She had to admit that he smelled very nice. It wasn't cologne which she generally didn't like on men. But it was earthy and masculine. Very nice and strong, she thought.

Hanging the dress on a hanger in the closet, she pulled on a silk negligee and slipped between the sheets. Pushing thoughts of the irritating man out of her head, she considered the other men she'd seen tonight. Although her parents were willing to consider her opinion on the subject of her husband, she knew they were growing impatient to have the issue settled. Marabeth knew her father wanted grandchildren and an heir to the throne just in case Max never settled down and married, which was a definite possibility, considering the way he discreetly had a mistress tucked away at all times, but never the same one for very long.

Marabeth slept fitfully that night, her dreams interrupted by a tall, handsome man. She ran from him throughout her dreams but each time she turned the corner, she ran into him, his arms closing around her gently, but firmly and his head bending down to kiss her lips. Each time her dream came to that point, she pulled herself out of the dream, waking and frantically trying to go back to sleep and dream about something else.

By the time the sun was streaming across her bed, she was still exhausted and none of her anger had dissipated since the man had not only intruded upon her embarrassing proposal, he'd also plagued her dreams. The man had absolutely no right to be that invasive she thought.

Walking down to the stables that morning, she tried to let the fresh, spring air calm her temper and soothe her tired soul. The birds were chirping and the sun was just coming up over the horizon as she entered the stables.

"Hello, my Beauty," Marabeth said to her horse as she entered his stall. "I hope you're in a frisky mood today," she said and patted the stallion's flanks. The horse whinnied and snickered, eager for Marabeth's touch. "Oh, my. You seem to be ready for a real ride today, aren't you?" she said and led the great, black stallion out of the stall and into the yard.

Marabeth started the soothing process of saddling her horse, getting ready for her morning ride. Both horse and rider enjoyed these quiet times and Marabeth was in no hurry this morning, enjoying the horse's frisky teasing.

"I understand," Marabeth said finally as she lifted the heavy saddle onto the horse's back, then strapped the buckle underneath. "I'm with you. I need to get away from here. Too stuffy lately," she said, thinking she was alone. "I'll bet you haven't seen that irritating man, but if he ever comes around here, you just throw him off, understand? And tell all your friends, too," she said and patted the horse's flank again reassuringly.

"Who in the world are you talking to?" a deep voice said from behind her.

Marabeth spun around, facing the man with the voice, her body instantly starting to tremble as his large frame came closer.

"And who would you like your horse, and the entire stable of horses to throw off his back?" Sam asked, raising one eyebrow as he noted the high color in her cheeks. "Me, perhaps?"

"What are you doing down here?" Marabeth demanded, ignoring his question. She wasn't going to answer him since he was exactly who she wanted all the horses to toss.

"I'm going riding, of course," he said. "Didn't you invite me for a ride?" he teased.

"No. This is my own private time. I ride alone."

"Pity," he said, standing too close for her peace of mind.

"Oh, Sam. I'm glad your down here early," Max said as he came around the corner. "Marabeth! I didn't know you were going riding this morning. Don't you usually get out there earlier than this?" he asked. His glance went between Sam and Marabeth, instantly understanding that there was some unexplained tension between the two of them. "Am I interrupting something?" he asked.

"Absolutely not," Marabeth said and walked her horse over to the mounting block. "I was just on my way," she said and lifted her leg over the saddle. She settled herself, then smiled behind her at the two men watching her. "Have a good ride," she said and clicked her heel's into Beauty's flanks. The horse instantaneously sprang forward and they were out of the stable area and down one of her favorite paths.

"Is she always allowed to go off on her own?" Sam asked, watching her ride away and noting how gorgeous she looked on the stallion. It was as if the two were made for each other. He inhaled sharply as she led the stallion over a tall fence, then off into the woods, executing the jump flawlessly.

"Yes. She knows those woods pretty well though. She'll be back in less than an hour," Max said. "Come on. I think our horses should be saddled by now. I have a lot to talk about with you," he said and patted Sam on the shoulder.

Sam watched for a few more minutes, then followed Max into the stables to check on their horses. Sam knew what Max wanted to talk to him about so it wasn't urgent that they get started. He knew Max was trying to make this both private so Sam could turn him down if he needed to, but also a time to talk Sam into taking the position.

Sam knew what his answer would be already. Max was wasting his time. But if it meant getting on a horse and following the sexy redhead into the woods, then Sam was all for it.

"Ready?" Max said, pulling himself gracefully onto a strong, brown and white pinto.

"Absolutely," Sam said and swung up onto a feisty brown stallion. As soon as he touched his heels to the horse, he jumped forward, eager to gallop through the forest. Sam was glad for the horse's speed since he wanted to try and catch up with the redhead who had disappeared several minutes ago.

Max led the way through the forest and they spent several minutes racing down a pathway that wound its way through the trees and bushes, then broke out into a field of high grass.

Sam could see where the other rider had ridden. Unfortunately, Max took a different route that led them up a slight incline. The ride was worth it though, since they topped a hill and were able to stop and watch the valley below with the sun rising over the trees. They stood still for several long moments and just enjoyed the stillness.

Max then turned and faced Sam. "So, is there any need for me to try and convince you to take over as Minister of Defense? The current minister wants to retire as soon as possible. Both me and my father think you would be the ideal candidate to replace him."

Sam looked out over the beautiful countryside. "I don't understand why you want me to take over. I already have my own security company."

"That's exactly why we want you to take over. Your company is arguably the best in the world. Your services are requested by just about every important family and company. You've built it up through hard work and common sense. But you also have a strong military background. You're the ideal candidate to take over as Minister of Defense because you understand both the commercial and military side of all the issues."

Sam looked out at the horizon, silent for a moment as he took in everything Prince Maximilian was saying. "Basically, I've done it all so you now want me to give up the easy life of a CEO who can pretty much come and go as I please in order to serve my country and become embroiled in the security of an entire people as well as the royal family of Cordova."

Max smiled cheekily. "That about sums it up."

"So what's in it for me?"

Max laughed. "Don't be coy, Sam. I know you better than that. You're chomping at the bit for a new challenge. You're company is successful and has a great reputation but you're bored out of your mind, aren't you?"

He had a point, Sam thought. The day to day responsibilities of running a large company were starting to bore him. He knew he'd been looking for a challenge, but he was pretty sure it didn't involve playing politics. "You're still not giving me any good reason to take the job," he said.

"You'll have lots of new toys to play with," Max said, as if that would entice him.

"I can buy all the new toys I need," Sam countered. "Not good enough."

Max watched his friend and considered his next words carefully. "There's trouble brewing in the military. The training is falling below standards, recruits are starting to get slack, the Navy, although small, is being utilized poorly and the commanders are getting rowdy. The only thing holding the military together is my father's authority. But he has too many diplomatic obligations right now. We need a strong leader to take over and set things back to rights. That man is you, Sam."

Sam didn't move in his saddle and his thighs held the horse still. He considered all the things Max was saying and knew that those were the only words that would have convinced him to take the job. Sam loved this country and knew he would have to step in and fix things. He couldn't let his beloved country flounder. It was small, but strategic and the strong military and diplomatic finesse of his king were the only two things that kept Cordova from becoming a puppet in the world theatre. He knew he would do anything to keep that from happening.

Sam sighed and, without looking at Max, said, "When do you need me to take over?"

Max smothered a smile of satisfaction. "Tomorrow?" he joked.

Sam glanced over at the prince and raised one eyebrow. "That bad, huh?"

"It's getting there. How about if you start to look into the situation immediately? Let us know what needs to happen and what kind of support you'll need. I know Admiral Chennok is ready to step down immediately and head for retirement but after your assessment of the situation, you can determine your own start date. That will also give you the time needed to find a successor to your company."

Sam nodded and watched as the image he had been hoping to see finally appeared. The woman on the black horse raced across the valley, her red hair streaming out behind her. Although he couldn't hear her, he knew the moment she laughed in delight. The sun glittered and followed the gorgeous creature as she rode her horse through the tall grass.

He was watching her leap and play, putting the horse through several difficult maneuvers when all of a sudden, the horse took a long jump. Sam knew instantly that the rider was not well positioned. And sure enough, she fell off behind.

Sam's stomach leapt to his throat. Max had seen the fall as well. Obviously Max was not overly concerned with his sister's welfare since he laughed at her fall. "I'll get the horse," Max called and rode off towards the forest. Sam was already kicking his horse into action to find Marabeth and ensure that she was not hurt from the fall.

By the time he was halfway down the hillside, he breathed a sigh of relief. She was standing up and dusting off her bottom from the dust. He watched as she looked around and picked up something from the ground beside her, then started walking in the direction her horse had run off.

Marabeth picked herself up and looked around, disgusted with herself. She hoped the two men who had been up on the hillside had already ridden off, but she knew her luck wasn't holding out lately.

And sure enough, the man she'd been thinking of trotted up to greet her.

"Hello," Sam said, walking his horse up beside her. "Mighty rough fall there."

"Yes. I know about that."

"Are you okay?" he said, easily keeping up with her angry strides from atop the horse.

"Yes. I'm fine, thank you for asking," she said stiffly. Marabeth had been showing off, trying to impress Sam. But hadn't done a very good job of it obviously. That's what she got for showing off, she told herself. She'd seen the two men on the hillside and had wanted to show him that she wasn't just some idiot princess who proposed to sleeping men during balls. Now she'd only reinforced his opinion of her as an idiot. Well, just as well.

"Would you like a ride?" he asked.

"No. I deserve to walk back. And maybe my brother will find Beauty."

"Beauty? You named your horse Beauty?"

She looked up at him and wondered where he was going with that. "Yes. What's wrong with the name?"

He smiled at her upturned face, admiring the crystal blue eyes. "It's a male horse, in case you hadn't noticed," he teased her.

Marabeth gritted her teeth. "Yes. I'd noticed. I may conduct embarrassing interviews and fall off horses, but I'm not that dense," she said and turned back towards the forest to continue walking.

"Well, that explains everything," he said and sat up straight in his saddle.

Marabeth looked back up at him. She wasn't going to ask. She wasn't going to ask. She repeated that phrase to herself several times, walking faster in the vain hope of losing him. In the end, her curiosity won out. "What does it explain?" she demanded, finally asking the question she hated herself for asking.

"Why your horse dumped you."

Her mouth fell open. Was he able to read minds? She blinked and shook her head. Now she was just being fanciful. "Excuse me?" asking for clarification on why he thought her horse had dumped her.

"You named your male horse 'Beauty'. He was offended. No man wants to be called 'Beauty'," Sam said and looked down at her as if he were explaining something very deep and important.

Marabeth shook her head. "Excuse me, I disagree with you. Beauty didn't throw me because of his name."

"Why did he?"

"He didn't throw me. I fell off," she said through gritted teeth, glaring at the horrible man.

"Ah...well, that probably makes all the difference in the world...I guess to the horse as well." The two of them walked for several minutes in silence. "Are you sure you wouldn't like a ride?" he finally asked.

"No. Thank you," she said with as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances.

"Why not?" he asked.

"As I said earlier, I fell off my horse, I deserve to walk," she said, coming up with an excuse as quickly as possible. In truth, she just didn't want to be that close to his magnificent body.

Sam shook his head. "You realize it is about a three mile walk back to the stables, right?"

"Yes. I know that. I've been on this path almost every day of my life. But thank you for so graciously pointing that out to me, sir. Now that you've done your gentlemanly duty, please feel free to head on back to where ever you came from," she said with a brightly false smile on her face.

"You're going to make this difficult, aren't you?" he said, chuckling down at the spirited woman with sunshine sparking off her hair.

"No," she said glaring up at him, wishing he would just leave. this difficult at all. I just want to be left alone with my humiliation. helping me."

"I'm not making

But you're not

"Pride goeth before the fall, huh?"

"If you don't remember because of your caveman mentality, I've already fallen. I've admitted that I fell. Why can't you just leave me alone?" she asked, her hands fisted by her sides as she enunciated each word as if he were extremely slow witted.

"Because you're beautiful and incredibly sexy and every instinct inside me is telling me to be the gentleman and carry you back to the stables."

Marabeth was shocked at his words and her expression showed her confusion. No man had ever dared to speak so openly to her. Not even her deceased fiance. Men were always polite to the point of irritatingly gracious around her. She didn't particularly like this man telling her those things though. They caused flutters inside her stomach that were foreign and odd. Odd in her mind was always bad. She pulled herself up to her royal height of five feet, seven inches and looked as intimidating as possible at this incredibly muscular man. "I'd recommend ignoring your gentlemanly needs and listen to my own needs. Please leave me alone, sir. I believe I've experienced enough humiliation in your presence to last me a lifetime."

"Don't say so, my lady. I'd be so disappointed if I never got to see that lovely blush on you're beautiful cheeks," he chuckled.

"Sir, please, leave me alone!" she demanded, becoming angry now as he pointed out her fiery cheeks.

"I'm sorry, but my mother taught me never to leave a woman stranded," he said. The next thing she knew, Marabeth was being hauled up into the saddle by an incredibly strong arm. She was seated right in front of him, her bottom pressed intimately against his groin, her leg laying against his very muscular one.

"There," she heard him say softly in her ear. "That's better, don't you think?"

Marabeth couldn't think. She was too aware of this man's body and the heat emanating from him and heating up her bones. She trembled as one arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her more firmly against him as he settled her for riding. His other arm took the reigns and the horse responded immediately to his unspoken command.

She could feel the muscles in his legs against the backs of hers and she wanted to reach down with her hands and verify with her fingertips that the muscles were flesh and blood and not hard steel. But she didn't dare. She kept her hands locked in front of her on the saddle horn, terrified that any movement of her body would give away her feelings to this mysterious man.

"Relax," he said and his arm around her waist tightened slightly as if to reassure her. But it didn't. It only made her aware of his arm on her stomach where no man had ever touched. Then her mind drifted to the strong chest against her back and the shivers started up again.

It seemed like an eternity before they finally reached the stables. Max was leaning against the stable fence talking with one of the horse trainers. Marabeth noticed that his eyes narrowed slightly when he saw the two of them riding into the stable yard. He walked up and immediately reached up to lift her down from Sam's horse.

"What happened out there? I've never seen you fall before."

"Oh, just not paying attention to Beauty," Marabeth said, smiling slightly for her brother's sake, then moving off towards the stable to see to her horse.

Sam climbed down from the stallion and watched Marabeth walk away. He was grateful to her horse for riding off. He had the opportunity to hold that incredible beauty close to him and he'd definitely felt her trembling in his arms. He wanted her. And what was more important, she wanted him. Sam was experienced enough to know the difference between sexual tension and fear. She'd been aware of every move of his body, just as he had been of hers.

They would be good together, he thought with satisfaction.

He was slightly concerned because she was a princess and he respected her title and the position she held within the government. But the woman had been engaged to another man. She understood what the world was really all about.

"She's usually not that clumsy," Max said, also watching Marabeth walk into the dimly lit stable and disappear into Beauty's paddock. "I'm not sure what happened out there, but thanks for giving her a ride back," he said to Sam.

"No problem," Sam said and turned to start unsaddling his own horse.

"Leave that for Jimbo," Max said, waiving to a man who was running towards the big horse with a carrot in both hands. "We have more details to discuss." Sam nodded and passed the horse off to the professional trainer, then followed behind Max.

Chapter 2

Marabeth stayed low for several days. After two embarrassing interludes with Sam, and some very curious feelings she didn't want to explore too deeply, Marabeth was grateful for the busy routine that kept her rushing from one appointment to another as she made personal appearances.

"Stacy, are we ready for the party?" Marabeth asked, talking to the director of the palace day care. It was a relatively small area within the palace where the staff members could bring their children during the day and be assured of quality care. Marabeth stopped by the center at least once a week to read stories with the children or to fill in for a teacher during an emergency. Marabeth loved this area of the palace. It grounded her in a way that nothing else could. The children here were all too small to understand titles or politics or obligations. They wanted hugs and kisses and funny stories or someone to play with. Occasionally, they needed a kiss on a scratch or a bruise and didn't care who gave it to them, as long as their arms were gentle around them.

Marabeth organized parties for the children on special occasions. Right now, it was Valentine's day and there were already decorations up around the room with hearts and dangling cupids hanging from the ceiling. There was pink lemonade and a large cake in the shape of a heart. Marabeth had arranged to have a clown suit delivered and one of the teachers was going to dress up as the clown and deliver heart shaped-helium balloons. The kids were all very excited and the feeling was contagious.

"Oh, your highness. Thank goodness you're here," Stacy said, carrying a small infant in one hand while she held the baby bottle in the other.

"What's wrong? Did the cake not come?"

"No, it is already here and it is lovely. The chef did a wonderful job. Thank you for that," she said, referring to the palace chef who loved creating sweet treats for the kids just as much as she loved preparing elaborate feasts for foreign heads of state. She was a master at her craft.

"I see the pink lemonade, what else is missing?"

"The clown," Stacy said gravely.

"Oh, no! Where's Ella?"

"Out with the flu. She started to get a headache this morning and I sent her home immediately before she touched any of the kids. The flu set in a few hours ago," Stacy explained.

"Well, that doesn't sound so awful," Marabeth said optimistically. "Well, I'm sure it is terrible for Ella, but at least none of the children were infected, hopefully." "Yes, but who will step into the clown suit? We don't have any extras now, with Clara and Tiffany gone as well."

Marabeth picked up the clown suit that was hanging on the back of the door. She held it up to herself. "What do you think? Will it fit?" she asked, smiling at the possibility.

Stacy was horrified. "No, your highness. You can't dress up as a clown!"

"Why not? The kids have been told to expect a clown, there's no one else, so I'll fill in."

"No. Absolutely not."

"Why not?"

"What would the Queen say? Not to mention your father?"

Marabeth bit her lip. Her mother and father would be horrified to know that she dressed up in a clown suit with white makeup and hearts on her cheeks. "We won't tell them, will we?" Marabeth said, smiling at the idea of being in disguise, if only for a few minutes.

"No," Stacy said and shook her head. "We'll just tell the kids that the clown got sick and will visit another day. They'll still be excited about the cake and lemonade," she said and started walking back to the nursery with her little bundle still happily drinking from the bottle.

Marabeth ignored Stacy's tone of doom. She took the clown suit and heart shaped, giant shoes from the back of the door and headed into the small bathroom. Marabeth quickly changed into the suit, having to take off all her clothes underneath to get the suit to fit properly. The wig was a slight issue since she had to pack all her hair underneath. It was a stretch, but eventually, she was able to hide all evidence of her naturally red locks underneath the bright red wig. The white makeup quickly and effectively covered all her face and she made credible hearts on each cheek with the red. She then drew a big happy smile on her lips and highlighted her eyes with blue circles. Stepping back to survey her image in the small mirror, she felt a giggle well up within her. She felt like a clown, she realized. It was a wonderful feeling.

Marabeth pulled on the shoes and awkwardly stepped around the tiny bathroom. It was doable, if she was careful. She heard the kids' excitement as they saw the gorgeous party room decorated with red and white. Some were exclaiming over the cake and asking if everyone was going to get a piece.

Marabeth stepped out of the bathroom and quickly grabbed the bundle of balloons. The first child to see her almost screamed but then the excitement bubbled up and everyone laughed and circled Marabeth who silently waived, shook hands and delivered a heart shaped balloon to each child. They excitedly took their balloon back to their chair and the teachers helped tie the balloon around their wrists or belt loops so it didn't float away.

Stacy walked into the room and gasped, then closed her mouth with Marabeth's waive. Stacy didn't say a word, but simply shook her head and helped the loud, giggling group of children get their slice of cake and cup of lemonade.

They all sat and sang songs, played the hokey pokey in a circle and giggled as Marabeth in the clown suit was the silliest, putting the wrong foot into the circle, or her elbow in when it was supposed to be her head. The party was a wonderful success and the parents stayed on the sidelines watching until the end of the party.

Marabeth didn't pay much attention to the parents who were waiting to pick up their kids at the end of the work day. She was too busy having a good time and making the kids giggle as much as possible. Marabeth was having a hard time not laughing out loud herself as she poked and stuck out the wrong thing with the paddy wack game or Simon Says. Finally, Stacy called a halt to the party and the children rushed to give the clown a hug, or, for the shy ones, just a handshake or pat on the head.

All the children were slowly filing out of the room when Marabeth looked up and almost tripped over her heart shaped feet. Standing on the sidelines was her brother and right next to him was the man she had been trying to avoid for the past several days.

And he knew! He didn't give anything away to Max, but she could tell from the look in his eyes that he knew she was the one in the clown suit.

Marabeth quickly moved off back into the bathroom and washed her face, wondering how long she would have to stay in the bathroom until Max and Sam left the center.

What in the world were they doing in here? She'd thought Max was unaware that there was even a day care center in the palace.

She slipped her black slacks back on, pulled her cream, silk shirt on her arms and buttoned the front. Her makeup would be a problem, but since she didn't wear much to begin with, she wondered if anyone would notice.

Hopefully, Stacy had gotten them out of the room already. She opened the door slightly and listened. Thankfully, there was silence and she poked her head out of the bathroom.

The room seemed to be empty and she breathed a sigh of relief that she was now alone. Stepping out of the bathroom, she took the now re-hung clown suit, shoes and wig and put it on the back of the door to the center's game room. Stacy would make sure it was returned to the rental agency tomorrow.

"You were a wonderful clown," a deep voice said from the doorway.

Marabeth spun around, dropping the clown shoes onto the floor in the process.

"I thought you'd left," she said, her eyes wide and she looked around for her brother.

"Obviously. But I wanted to talk to you, so I waited around. You took a long time in the bathroom. Were you waiting for us to leave?"

Marabeth scowled. "Yes. As a matter of fact, I was."

"Sorry, I didn't oblige you, did I?"

"No. Which brings to mind the question why. What are you still doing here?"

"I was wondering what the purpose of this facility was. Why is there a day care facility inside the palace compound versus using the day care facilities offered by the private sector? I was talking with the director."

Marabeth started to feel defensive. "What do you mean, what is its purpose? It cares for the children of the staff who then help run this country. What else are they supposed to do with them?"

Sam loved the way she was so easily riled. He'd just talked with the director and was impressed with the way the center helped out the families of the palace staff. But he wanted to push her buttons, just to see her eyes turn from a soft, misty blue to a sea-blue fire. "Why don't the women stay home?" he said, just to spark her temper higher.

Marabeth wanted to punch him. "What a sexist thing to say. I'll bet you'd just love to have all women covered from head to toe when they go to the market to get food for your dinner? Perhaps we could even have your slippers in our mouths when you walk in the door?"

Sam smothered a chuckled at the heat in her eyes. "Well, maybe not in their mouths but it would be nice to come home to a loving wife."

"Loving in your mind translates to slavery or subserviency? Not a pretty picture, Mr. Montrose."

"Call me Sam. And what's wrong with a woman taking care of her husband? If he's willing to leave each day to provide for her and the family, I don't see an issue." Sam had to keep himself from laughing outright at her bristling anger. She was practically spitting with her rage.

"Mr. Montrose, you're ideas of a marriage are positively antiquated. I didn't know men like you still existed, except in my father's mind. Well, good luck finding a wife who will fit all your needs. I already pity her even though she hasn't had the displeasure of meeting you yet and being ground under your heel."

Sam couldn't hold it back any longer. She was so angry he threw back his head and laughed. She was overflowing with her fury.

His laughter only increased Marabeth's anger. "I'm glad you think independent and free thinking women are humorous, Mr. Montrose. But let me assure you that every person who works in this palace and has children appreciates the flexibility that this center gives them. And we appreciate the dedication that flexibility gives us. We're able to accomplish many things for the people of Cordova and that is partly due to this center and the peace of mind it gives to the men and women who entrust their children to its care."

She was about to walk out on him but he caught her arms and held her still while he gained control of his laughter. He took a deep breath and looked down into her angry eyes. "I'm sorry, Marabeth. I honestly respect and appreciate all the women and men, who work in the palace and I understand the need for a place where they can know their children are safe and learning while they work."

Marabeth felt her mouth hang open but she couldn't seem to close it. She was too shocked at his words and the feeling of warmth that washed over her at his words of support. "Then, what was all that sexist gibberish a few minutes ago?" she finally got out.

Sam chuckled again, loving the way every emotion flew across her face. "I have to apologize. You're just too beautiful when you're angry. You're eyes turn a dark blue and your cheeks become a soft pink. You're eyebrows come down over your eyes and you just become very passionate about your cause."

She wanted to punch him again. What was this tendency towards violence when she was around him? "You mean you were just baiting me?"

Sam nodded but knew better than to let his guard down around her. She was beautiful, but also full of emotion and he was wary of her next step, although also anticipating it with relish.

Instead of punching him, Marabeth just stormed away, mumbling under her breath about something that he couldn't decipher but he heard the words "obnoxious" and "male" before the door closed behind her.

Sam stood up and walked to the door, eager to see her walking down the hallway. She had a very feminine walk. She held herself regally, but with a slight sway to her hips that enticed at the same time it set her apart from other women. He liked it. In fact, he realized that he liked pretty much everything about this woman except for the fact that she had to be married quickly for political purposes. Sam had discussed Marabeth's situation for a short time with Max and he was now cognizant of the fact that King Stephan was actively searching for someone appropriate to marry his daughter.

Each time he thought of that, it irritated Sam. So he decided to stop thinking about it and come up with a way to get back into the lovely lady's good graces. That was definitely going to be a challenge after the spurt of anger she'd shown just a few minutes ago.

Sam sighed as the woman turned the corner and was out of sight. He didn't know how he was going to do it, but he'd never backed down from a challenge yet.

Sam presented himself in front of the king at the requested time. The king immediately called Sam into his office as soon as he was told that Sam was waiting.

"Good afternoon, your majesty," Sam said, bowing slightly.

"I hope it is going to be. Have a seat," King Stephan said and waived him over to the set of chairs placed in one area of his office. "Tell me you're going to take over the position and show us all how it is done," he said

Sam sat back and looked at the king. "Yes. If that is the area you feel I can help the most, I'll be happy to do my best."

"Fantastic," King Stephan said, then stood up and went over to a bar that was inconspicuously kept in the corner. scotch, bringing one over to Sam. clinked Sam's glass.

"Let's celebrate," he said and poured two glasses of "To an improved military," King Stephan said and

Sam drank to the toast, then looked over his glass at his ruler and new boss. "I have some ideas for how to improve but they are a little unorthodox."

"Well, let's sit down and discuss them. I'm eager to hear your ideas," the king said.

They sat and discussed several possibilities and how to get them funded. King Stephan agreed with most of Sam's ideas and the others, he agreed with in principal but wasn't sure how the rest of the military would take the changes. They talked for almost three hours, considering the different reactions and how to overcome the status quo, what funding would be needed, what the changes would entail and who would react positively and negatively. Although Cordova was a Monarchy, there was still a Parliament and individuals to convince. It was not a dictatorship.

After their discussions, King Stephan stood up and shook Sam's hand. "I'll have my wife organize a reception to introduce you to the rest of the members of my cabinet as well as the houses. They will all be eager to hear the news of your command, Sam. Thank you for taking on this challenge," the king said.

"It is my honor, your majesty. I'm glad I can serve you in some capacity."

"Can you stay for dinner? We usually dine less formally when it is just the family."

"That would be wonderful," Sam said and bowed politely.

King Stephan patted the younger man on the back. "You're not married, are you, Sam?"

Sam was hesitant to answer, but had to be honest. "No, your majesty."

"Are you seeing anyone seriously?"

"No, sire. I'm currently unattached. And I don't imagine that changing as the military will occupy a great deal of my time in the near future."

The king's eager face fell slightly at the truth behind Sam's words sunk in. "Yes, I suppose you'll have your hands full," he said, nodding his head. But he immediately brightened. "Well, then, when things calm down, we'll have to see about getting you married and with children. I have some ideas in that area as well," King Stephan said.

Sam smiled politely and knew where the king was heading. Why didn't the idea of marrying his younger daughter throw him into a panic as other matrimonial minded friends of his did? Odd, but the idea of marrying Marabeth appealed to him more and more. Max had mentioned it earlier, but Sam had dismissed it, not having met the woman before. But now that he'd met her, he couldn't deny he wasn't interested. More than interested, in fact. But marriage? Sam wasn't sure about that. It wasn't abhorrent though, which was progress in a way.

Dinner was an elegant affair but Sam was disappointed that Marabeth wasn't present. When he'd accepted the king's invitation, Sam had been hoping he would be able to start repairing the damage he'd done earlier when he was teasing the lovely princess. But he had a nice evening dining with the queen who was gracious and a wonderful hostess.

Queen Natasha agreed to start preparing for a reception to introduce Sam as the new Minister of Defense immediately. "You'll need to be formally introduced," she was saying over dessert. "There will need to be a big turnout," she said, tapping her finger on the side of her nose as she worked through the details in her mind. weeks? Will that give you enough time to solidify your announcement?"

"How about in three position before the

Sam considered all the ramifications and none of them were as high on his list as the fact that he might not be able to see the lovely Princess Marabeth until that night. He knew he couldn't make it earlier though. He didn't know the details but suspected that throwing together a formal reception was a large undertaking. He'd just have to find a way to see her sooner than that on his own. "Three weeks will work fine for me." Chapter 3

"Good morning, dear," Queen Natasha breezed into the breakfast room two weeks later. "How are you this morning?" she asked.

"I'm well," Marabeth said, wiping her mouth delicately on the linen napkin. "How are you, Mother?"

"Having a hectic day and I need to ask you a favor," she said, sitting down in her usual place and leaning back while a servant poured her coffee.

"Anything. What can I do?"

"I need your help during the reception this Saturday," she said and stirred cream in her teacup.

Marabeth could feel her heartbeat speed up instantly. This Saturday night was the reception for Sam Montrose. He was being officially sworn into office on Friday with a lavish reception on Saturday as a welcome from the royal family. "Oh, well...do you really need me there?" Marabeth said awkwardly. "I mean, it is for Father's new Minister of Defense, isn't it?"

Her mother looked over at her beautiful daughter with amusement. "You know very well what it is for, Marabeth. And you also know that you need to be there. In fact, my request is that you attend with the new Minister."

Marabeth didn't like the sound of that at all. "'Attend with' as in, accompany him?" Marabeth asked warily, not really wanting to hear the answer.

The queen looked up from her notes and frowned. "Of course, dear. He'll need an escort and I need you to be that person for him."

"Why me?" Marabeth asked, her mind quickly going into overdrive in an effort to find an excuse not to be Sam's "date" for the evening.

"Why not? This is a political event and you of all people know how important the night will be for Sam. He can't have some silly woman hanging on his arm and creating a scene. You know how easy it is for people to be misquoted. I need you to help Sam and be there to keep the other ladies at bay."

"I don't think I'm the right person for that job, Mother," Marabeth said hesitantly.

"Nonsense," King Stephan's booming voice said as he walked into the room. He quickly kissed his wife, then sat down next to her. "I think it is a wonderful idea for you to attend with Sam. Wish I'd thought of it myself, but that's why I have a brilliant woman by my side to think of these things," he said and kissed his wife's cheek, winking at her as he poured himself some tea, waiving the waiter away. He then turned back to Marabeth before saying, "He'll need someone with your political skills to get through the evening."

Marabeth put her now shaking hands under the table to keep her parents from seeing how nervous the idea of being around Sam made her. She knew she would have to think fast to find an alternative to her mother's idea or at least put some doubt in their minds that this wasn't the best plan of action. "Isn't Sam versed enough in politics to do this himself? I mean, if he's going to be the new Minister of Defense, shouldn't he learn to stand on his own two feet, so to speak? There will be many functions like this one in the future. Wouldn't it be better to see if he can handle himself on his own before formally announcing that he's the man for the job?"

"It has already been announced and I don't understand how you wouldn't know that," her father replied, looking curiously at his daughter. "Besides, there's never been a better candidate for the position," her father said with pride, brushing aside Marabeth's comments about Sam's abilities. "If there was anyone who could swim with the piranhas that are going to be at the function this weekend it would be Sam, I can assure you of that. But why should he have to go it alone when he can have your help?" her father said. "Natasha, what are we doing for the ambassador this afternoon?" he asked and Marabeth knew that was the end of the discussion.

"If you'll excuse me," Marabeth said, standing in an effort to flee the room.

"Yes, dear," her mother said. "But don't forget to pick out a new dress for the event. You'll have to look your best. The press will be in attendance," she explained.

Marabeth nodded glumly before turning to leave the breakfast room. She knew what was expected of her without all the details being told to her. She'd visit the palace designer and choose a new dress for the evening which would require several fittings. With less than a week to go, Marabeth knew that Tilly, the seamstress, would need hours of time with Marabeth in fittings. She sighed and mentally started revising her schedule for the week.

It was no use getting angry about it. Marabeth had known about this reception for the past ten days but had hid her head in the sand, so to speak. She hadn't wanted to attend and so had ignored all the details about the event. But now she not only had to attend, but had to escort the man throughout the event.

Marabeth sighed and leaned against the hallway, closing her eyes in frustration. Why that man? Why couldn't it have been some boring, old man who wouldn't want to dance or irritate her?

"Feeling feint?" a deep, laughing voice said nearby.

Marabeth's eyes popped open and she was staring into the amused eyes of the man recently discussed. She sighed heavily and pushed away from the wall. "I would be eternally grateful to you if you could please catch me at an unembarassing moment once in a while," she said as she walked carefully down the hallway, praying she wouldn't fall on her face or trip into his arms. That would be just her luck, she thought.

"I like it," Sam said, easily falling into step beside her. "It makes you more approachable," he said.

Marabeth eyed him out of the corner of her eye. "I didn't know that approaching me was an issue in your mind," she said dryly.

"Absolutely," he nodded sagely. "Approaching a beautiful woman is always terrifying for a man."

Marabeth stopped and turned towards him. secondly, I can't imagine anything terrifying you. Please don't patronize me."

"First of all, I'm not beautiful and So just cut the act, Mr. Montrose.

Sam stared down at the incredible beauty in front of him and was shocked that she didn't understand her appeal to the opposite sex. She was stunning in a soft, very feminine, very sexy way. And he liked just about everything about her. Even the stubborn chin that was currently jutting out in frustration right now.

"You're incredibly beautiful and yes, many things terrify me."

"Like what?" she asked, dismissing his compliment but instantly curious about what could possibly scare a man of his size and strength.

"Spiders," he said quickly.

Marabeth was expecting something profound. So that single word made her laugh. "I don't believe it," she said, shaking her head and turning to continue walking down the hallway.

"Oh, believe it. I hate them. Whoever marries me will definitely have to be the spider killer," he said, walking beside her with his hands behind his back.

"What else?" she asked, curious despite herself.

"Poetry," he said.

"Excuse me?" she asked, stopping again to look at him.

"Poetry. It scares me. Never could understand it. Shakespeare, sometimes, but E.E. Cummings, totally confounds me."

"I don't believe it. What else?"

Sam thought for a moment. "I probably wouldn't like mice very much, but since I've never run into them, I can't be sure," he said, nodding his head for emphasis.

She waited for him to continue with his list but he stopped. and mice are the only things that scare you?"

"Is that all? Spiders

"Well, and trying to talk to a beautiful woman," he clarified.

"Ah." She started walking again. "So you've said."

"You're going to be my date at the reception, correct?" he asked.

Marabeth sighed. "Not your date. I'll accompany you and introduce you to the various guests," she clarified.

"And you'll be dressed in a beautiful dress, preferably red, and I'll be able to hold your hand and hold you in my arms as we dance through the night, right?"

Marabeth's heart fluttered at the picture he presented. It was too tempting by half. "No. I'll be by your side, introducing you to the old guard, running interference and helping you traverse the mine field the press can be. And I definitely will not be in a red dress."

He stared down into her soft, blue eyes. "Pity," was all he said, his broad shoulders blocked out the rest of the world, even the lights overhead as he continued to look at her.

"I have to get back to work," Marabeth said softly, trying to come out of the trance his gaze seemed to be able to put her under.

"I look forward to your assistance on Saturday," Sam said softly behind her.

Marabeth moved down the hallway to her suite, her knees barely taking her to her rooms, she was so nervous. What was it about the man that made her heart beat so wildly and her legs become like Jell-O? He was just a man, albeit an incredibly attractive one with a great smile and a great body. But she'd been around lots of men that were handsome. They didn't affect her like Sam did.

Chapter 4

"You look lovely," Sam said and the admiration in his eyes emphasized his words.

Marabeth smiled shyly but tried to pretend she wasn't affected by his compliment. "Shall we go?" she said and started walking towards the ballroom where her mother and father were already in attendance with the five hundred guests here to welcome Sam in as the new Minister of Defense.

They walked in and the butler announced Sam's arrival. Marabeth's hand shook as she placed it in the crook of his arm. Her fingers were warmed by his large hand that settled over hers. It was a casual gesture, but she liked it nonetheless.

They descended the stairs together and were blinded momentarily by the lights flashing in front of them by the press. It seemed to Marabeth that there were more flashes tonight than usual, but it didn't surprise her. Ever since her father had announced Sam's appointment, the press had been drooling over him. There were numerous stories of his heroism during his military service as well as stories speculating on his personal wealth because of his private security company and, overriding all of them in numbers was the speculation on his girlfriends.

Marabeth had tried not to read the stories, but she found herself opening the paper each morning and immediately skimming the headlines for more news about his previous life. She read anything she could get her hands on, telling herself it was only to learn what was happening within the government. But late at night, when she remembered his gentle touch and laughing blue eyes, she admitted that she was jealous of all the women who had dated him and were now telling their stories to the press.

Thinking to put some mental distance between them since physical distance was not possible at the moment, she brought up all the women he'd dated in the past and was rumored to be dating currently. "You've been a popular boy lately," she mentioned while still smiling for the cameras.

"What do you mean?" he asked, nodding politely to a photographer, waiving to what seemed to be an acquaintance as he led her down the red carpeted stairs slowly, allowing the press to get their fill before stopping at the bottom. It was more to let their eyes focus than anything else but it provided the press a chance to yell out questions before Marabeth and Sam slipped into the masses of people where the press were not permitted to go.

Sam smiled broadly as they stopped, ignoring the questions being shouted towards the two of them. "Were you reading all the articles?" he asked, bending his head at an intimate angle, as if she'd just asked him a question.

Marabeth smiled as well, looking up at him and wishing it didn't look like she was telling him a secret. "Of course" she replied. "I try to keep up with current events. Occasionally people ask me an intelligent question. I prefer to be prepared rather than the latest gossip on the useless princess."

"I'm flattered that you consider me a current event. The way you've been avoiding me lately, I was thinking you'd forgotten about me. Besides, I don't think anyone has ever accused you of being a useless princess. I've read many articles about how the people of Cordova adore you. So why have you been avoiding me? Trying to forget me?"

"I wish," she said under her breath.

"What was that?" he asked, bending down so he could hear her better.

"Nothing," she said and smiled to one of her father's other cabinet members. She ignored the deep chuckle that emanated from him. She gritted her teeth and plastered a smile on her face for the press as well as the other members of the party.

From that moment on, the night was difficult on so many levels. The press were more relentless than usual in their efforts to get a picture of Sam and Marabeth became irritated with their prying eyes for the first time in her life. Being a royal, she'd been born with the press hounding her. It was part of her life and she accepted it. What she didn't like was how much they wanted a picture of Sam. She felt jealous each time they asked. It was odd though because they wouldn't let her step out of the picture when they snapped their cameras. It was as if they wanted both of them together. But that didn't make sense to Marabeth since most of the press were in a fury to find out who his current girlfriend or mistress was. He was a hot commodity and she thought it would be better for the sale of their papers if they got him alone rather than with her by his side.

As the evening progressed, she was eventually able to dismiss the press form her mind and focus on the party. Sam impressed Marabeth with his political and social skills. He handled each person that came over to him with dignity and finesse regardless of whether they agreed with his policy changes or hated them. If they disagreed, Sam seemed to have an uncanny knowledge of how to persuade them to his side of the argument. If they were for his changes, he treated them as if they were friends of an inner circle, making sure that the person knew Sam would return the support in the future.

Meanwhile, Marabeth worked the crowds, determining when a private conversation was needed versus when a group setting was better for the topic. She quickly moved people so they were able to speak to him individually when the need for one on one conversations arose. While he was talking, she would carefully shield him from the others and engage them in another conversation while she surreptitiously listened to when Sam was finished and the others could engage in the conversation as a group.

She also kept the women away who only wanted to entice Sam. This was more of a political evening for Sam she told herself as she herded yet another romantic hopeful in another direction. Marabeth didn't feel catty in her efforts to keep Sam away from the ladies with a hopeful eye. women if he needed to. following her mother's instructions. She decided that he could socialize another night with these

She told herself she wasn't being jealous, just practical and

Several long hours later, Sam stopped the conversation and turned to smile down at Marabeth. "Come with me," Sam's voice said close to her ear.

Marabeth turned and looked curiously up at him. There were several other people who wanted to talk with Sam and she didn't understand what he wanted.

She found out soon enough when he spun her expertly onto the dance floor. "Don't you want to talk with Lord Winters? I know he's one of your primary supporters. It would be beneficial for your plans if you could increase his support."

He pulled her closer and spun her, forcing her to hold onto his muscular shoulders and lean into him. "I know. But I wanted to dance with you," he said.

"Why? This isn't a night for dancing," she said, looking around worriedly, keeping her fingers carefully away from his hair and neck. "You should be rounding up your supporters and convincing your opponents. This is the ideal scenario and you were doing so well."

"And I wanted to dance with you. I was tired of talking with boring old men who think it is their right to tell everyone what to do. And you look beautiful."

She followed his lead but wished she could escape. The hand holding hers was warm and strong and the one resting against her waist was creating havoc with her mind. "You should..."

"Stop," he interrupted. "Just relax and dance with me. The arguments will wait a few more minutes. And I don't think anyone would fault me for dancing with one of the loveliest women in the room," he said and pulled her closer to his large frame.

Marabeth felt his legs brush against hers and she liked it too much. "I'm sure there are several women in the room who would like to dance with you. Perhaps you'd like to ask them," she said, starting to pull out of his arms.

But he wouldn't let her. His grip tightened and he only pulled her closer. "Why are you afraid of me?" he asked, looking down into her worried green eyes.

Marabeth quickly looked away. "I'm not afraid of you," she said defensively. "I just don't want to dance. You're right, it has been a long evening and I'm a little tired."

Sam twirled her to the edge of the floor, then quickly tucked her hand into his arm, escorting her off the dance floor and then out the door onto the dimly lit patio. There were candles placed around the edges of the patio but they didn't penetrate too deeply into the night. Sam led her off the stone steps and into a pretty veranda that offered them a little more privacy from the guests at the party.

"What are you doing?" she asked nervously.

"I'm giving you a break, just as you asked," he said and moved closer to her.

She couldn't see his eyes in the darkness but she suspected that he might be laughing at her again.

"I didn't mean that you needed to be with me," she said and started moving towards the light again.

He laughed softly as his arm reached out and wrapped around her waist, pulling her against his body. "Relax. I promise I won't bite," he said. "At least not where it will show tomorrow," he continued.

Marabeth instantly pushed against his rock hard chest but she was unable to put even an inch between the two of them. "This isn't proper," she said breathlessly, not because of her exertions but because of the feelings his body was creating within her.

"I know. But you'll run away if I let you go. Besides, you feel very nice."

"Minister..."

"Don't even think about calling me anything but Sam," he said softly. "And stop fluttering your hands around."

Marabeth was too flustered. "What do you want me to do with them?" she demanded.

Sam laughed. "That's a very provocative question but in deference to your nervousness, I'll just reply that you can put them anywhere you'd like."

"I'm not nervous," she reiterated but finally settled her hands on his chest. It was where she wanted them to be anyway so she enjoyed having permission to leave them there.

"That's better," he said when she'd settled slightly. "Now, about your lips," he started.

"We weren't talking about my lips," she said, her hands instantly pushing against his chest again in an effort to put more space between the two of them. "Please, we need to get back inside before people start noticing that we're not in the ballroom."

Sam didn't bring up the fact that just about everyone in the ballroom had either watched them leave or had been told that the two of them had left together by now. The speculation had started the moment he'd entered the ballroom with her on his arm. He was sure that the press was already linking his name to hers and normally that would irritate him. But he liked being linked to her. In fact, he'd encouraged it which confused him on one level. He knew he'd have to go back in to the ballroom, but he'd been too distracted by her lips all evening. As she'd spoken to the various people, he'd been wondering if her lips were as soft as they looked with her pretty pink lipstick.

"You weren't talking about your lips, but I've been thinking about them all night."

His statement stilled her hands and she froze against his tall, strong frame. "Why?" she asked, her nervous eyes looking up at him.

"Because I've wanted to kiss them for a long time."

Her eyes dropped to his mouth of their own free will. "No. We can't do that," she said breathlessly.

Sam ignored her, noticing the increased pulse at the base of her throat. He smiled slightly before bending his head to touch her lips gently. When she didn't pull back, he touched them again, then again, eventually covering her lips with his, caressing them softly and finally coaxing a response from her. He felt her shiver when his mouth covered hers and absorbed it into his body, enjoying the feeling of her feminine shape against his masculine one.

After several minutes, she pulled back as far as his arms would allow, which wasn't very far. "Sam, we can't do this," she said, but her arms slipped higher to hold onto his shoulders.

Sam shook his head slightly, just before bending to kiss the corner of her mouth, her check, her jaw. "Just kiss me, princess," he said and deepened the kiss, his hands moving up her back to touch the bare skin revealed by her black dress.

She obeyed his order and lifted her head so she could feel his lips better. That was all the invitation he needed. He pulled her higher against his body and his mouth moved more roughly against hers. Sam rubbed his tongue against her lips and as soon as her mouth opened, his tongue moved in, mating with hers and doing what his body was now aching to do with hers.

Marabeth felt his body harden against her stomach and a small, inner voice told her that she should stop this insanity. She didn't even like Sam and he didn't like her. So why were her arms wrapping around his neck and her body moving against his? Why was she feeling things she had no right to feel for a man she didn't really like and had been trying to avoid for the past two weeks?

She couldn't answer those questions since his hand moved from her back around to her side, then slid slowly up her waist. One hand stopped right under her breast and she almost moaned with the pain her body felt when his hand didn't move higher.

The noises off to the side were like a bucket of ice water on Marabeth's feelings. As the first sound punctuated the haze of passion within her, she moved back a step. Sam allowed it, only because he was so involved in the kiss himself and he wasn't thinking right either.

The slap came a moment later. If it hadn't been so dark and she hadn't responded so willingly in his arms, he might have expected it, or at least seen it coming out of the corner of his eye. But he was dumbfounded.

His hand went to his cheek and both of hers went to cover her mouth in horror. "I can't believe I did that," she said.

Sam chuckled. "Neither can I. What happened? One moment you were a passionate woman melting in my arms and enjoying the kiss, and the next..." Sam stopped for a moment and shook his head. "Well, why don't you just explain what happened next and I won't assume anything?"

Marabeth stepped back again, horrified when he articulated what they'd been doing, as if the action wasn't bad enough. Shaking her head in denial of her feelings as well as his request for an explanation, she said, "No. We have to go. I'm so sorry I slapped you. That was inexcusable and I've never done that before in my life. I promise you that it won't happen again. But more importantly, we can't be like this. We can't kiss like this again. I don't even like you," she said, pacing around the veranda in her confusion as she spoke. "This can't be happening. I don't do things like that," she said, dumbfounded that she'd actually resorted to violence.

"Marabeth, come here," he said but she only walked farther away.

He reached out and pulled her towards him, not painfully. In fact, his grip was very gentle. But it was firm and, although she resisted, he had her right where he wanted her within seconds. "Why are you so upset about this? Because you slapped me or because I kissed you?" His eyes took in her pale skin and round mouth swollen from his kiss and revised his opinion on her actions and what caused the unexpected slap. "Or is it because you kissed me back?" he asked, his voice deep and husky.

Marabeth was shaking her head before he even finished the last sentence. "Don't say that," she said, covering his mouth as if her hand could stop the words and the feelings his kiss had generated within her. "I didn't kiss you back! This is ridiculous. We're opposites on too many issues. We need to get back to the ballroom and you need to finish what you came here to do." She stepped out of his arms quickly, grateful that he let her go without a struggle this time.

"Marabeth stop," Sam said firmly and reached out to touch her arm, holding her from stepping off the veranda.

She struggled against his grip, terrified that he might pull her back into his arms and knowing she might not be able to pull away a second time. "No! Please, we can't be out here alone. Too many people will talk and that will lead to rumors. Neither one of us want those rumors to start so we have to get out of here immediately."

Sam looked at the fear on her face and decided to relent this once. They had been out here for too long for the rumors to not have already started. But he didn't mind. In fact, for the first time in his life, he had actually encouraged the rumors to start. He imagined that the papers would be full of speculation tomorrow morning on their relationship. And they wouldn't be very far off.

"Okay. Let's go back and get something to eat," he said and tucked her hand back into his arm.

"Do I look okay?" she asked, patting her hair to make sure it was smooth and still in place.

Sam couldn't see very well in the dim light, but he could tell that her lips were swollen from his kiss and the color was high in her cheeks. She looked like she had been kissed. "You look lovely," was all he said a moment before they stepped back into the light of the ballroom.

Sam led her over to the buffet table set up in another room and they continued to talk. He noticed that she worked very hard to keep several feet of space between the two of them but she still worked the guests around him with impressive social skills.

It was after two o'clock in the morning when the party finally fizzled down. Sam noticed that Marabeth was tired but she kept smiling at someone he hadn't talked to yet.

"Excuse me," he interrupted the person who was speaking at the first opening, "I need to talk to you, your highness," Sam said, turning to Marabeth. "Will you excuse me for a moment?" he asked the man standing to the left of him.

The elderly man smiled and shook his head. "No problem. I'm on my way out," he said and kissed Marabeth's hand. "Thank you for a lovely conversation, your highness," he said and turned to leave.

"Who was that?" Sam said as he guided Marabeth out of the ballroom and out into the hallway that would eventually lead them to the private area of the palace. He put a protective arm around her shoulders and was pleased when she didn't pull away. In fact, she leaned into him letting his strength guide her down the hallway. She trusted him when she was completely wiped out. Now if he could only get her to trust him when she was fully awake.

"Um...:" she tried to concentrate on the person she had been speaking to less than thirty seconds ago but her mind drew a blank. "I'm not sure," she said, unconsciously leaning against his strong body for support.

"You need to get to bed," he said.

His words woke her up. "Yes. I'm very tired," she clarified.

"Sam, can you wait a moment?" Max said from a few feet away.

Sam stopped and turned towards her brother. It was now or never, she thought. She had to slip away from him or fall more under his magic spell. "I'll see you both later," Marabeth said and quickly slipped her hand out from Sam's arm. The two men started talking about a discussion Max had been involved in earlier in the evening and Marabeth walked away, leaving Sam with her brother and her escape complete.

Slipping between the covers that night, Marabeth yawned with fatigue. But her mind was still active regardless of how tired her body was. She replayed the kiss with Sam over and over, wondering what would have happened if she hadn't heard those people talking so closely to the veranda.

Nothing, she told herself emphatically, punching the pillow in frustration. She would have come to her senses. Marabeth knew herself and she just wasn't the type of woman who would let things like that get out of hand. She was conservative and careful. She had never acted rashly in her life.

So why was it that Sam seemed to spark things within her that made her lose her control? It had happened several times now and she didn't like it.

Marabeth rolled over and pulled her pillow over her head. She wanted to fall asleep and forget about her lack of decorum earlier in the evening. It was just too embarrassing and she didn't want to deal with it now.

Chapter 3

"Are you serious?" Marabeth asked her secretary several weeks after the formal ball for Sam. "Why would all of my appointments be canceled?"

Stacy, a very efficient personal assistant, typed up some information on the keyboard. "Apparently it was done by security," she replied, looking up, hoping it wasn't because of their new Minister of Defense. Over the past few weeks, each time the new minister's name came up, Marabeth seemed to become agitated and started mumbling under her breath. Stacy thought it was rather odd, but didn't say anything about her boss's behavior.

Marabeth shook her head. "There has to be some mistake. I'll call Manny and see what is going on. This will be fixed soon," she said and went back into her office. Marabeth pushed her long red hair off of her shoulders impatiently as she sat down at her Queen Ann desk and dialed the number to the head of security. "Manny, I just found out that all my appointments have been canceled by your office. Can you fix this?" she asked sweetly, knowing that Manny was a very nice man in his late fifties.

She listened for a moment and the sweetness disappeared. "I understand," she said and hung up the phone. "I can't believe it!" she said, gritting her teeth. "What right does he have to cancel all my appointments?"

"Who?" Stacy asked, walking into her office and handing Marabeth several letters. They were requests for help or Marabeth's appearance at some charity function. Having Princess Marabeth show up at any function was a guarantee of success for the event. Everyone in the kingdom loved to see her with her fiery red hair, beautiful smile and soft, blue eyes. She was the darling of the press and all the subjects of Cordova loved her, even wanting her autograph as if she were some sort of movie star.

"That obnoxious, horrible, irritating new Minister of Defense!" Marabeth snarled angrily. She couldn't ever remembering being this angry in her life.

Stacy cringed for a moment, noting Marabeth's fury, just as predicted. "I don't understand why he makes you so angry," Stacy said, getting a dreamy look on her face. She looked like she was melting as her body relaxed at he thought of the new minister. Stacy's body leaned against Marabeth's desk, her shoulders drooped and her head lolled to the side slightly as she looked at Marabeth curiously. "Have you really looked at the man? He's amazingly gorgeous. And so charming! I can't imagine him being obnoxious."

Marabeth snorted in disbelief. Was every female under this man's spell? Stacy was at least fifty years old, married and with a grandchild on the way. How could she be awestruck by a man who was as annoying as Sam?

Slapping a folder onto her desk from her filing cabinet, she shook her head in exasperation of her secretary's fascination. "Well, all my appointments outside the palace were canceled by his direct order," Marabeth explained, trying to maintain a degree of professionalism and courtesy when she really wanted to go pummel the man for doing this to her.

"I'm sure he had his reasons. My husband is already feeling the benefits of his changes in the military," Stacy said.

Marabeth knew that Sam was making some great changes in the military and had done so more quickly than anyone had thought would be possible. Morale was up and that meant a safer defense which was all good and wonderful. But the man still irritated her personally. "Yes, well, your husband is a military man. I'm not. I don't think he has the right to do this to me and my schedule."

Stacy bit her lip, hesitating slightly before stating, "Isn't palace security underneath the Ministry of Defense?"

"Yes, but they've never intervened in Manny's domain before. There's no reason he should be doing so now," Marabeth said, picking up the phone, determined to force the issue with the great man himself if that was necessary.

"Who are you calling now?" Stacy asked, laying the letters on Marabeth's desk.

"The Minster of Defense," Marabeth replied as if the answer were obvious. "I have a full day planned and I don't intend to change that simply because he's arbitrarily demanding that I do so. I'm going to have a little chat with our new and reputedly improved Minister of Defense. He's going to regret this day, I'm telling you!"

Stacy ignored Marabeth's angry tone, instead continuing with her fantasy starring Sam as her hero. "Wow! I'd like to have a cozy conversation with him," she whispered, a dreamy look in her eyes.

Marabeth wanted to rant and scream at the man, not converse rationally with him so she didn't understand Stacy's response. "Why on earth would you want to do that?"

Stacy laughed, shaking her head at Marabeth's obvious confusion. "Because he's hot! There's no way even you can deny that fact," she said and slipped out of Marabeth's office to draft responses to some newly arrived letters.

The phone rang several times before someone answered it in the Defense offices. "This is Princess Marabeth. I'd like to make an appointment to see the minister this morning," she said and waited.

"No, it needs to be almost immediate. Not this afternoon or tomorrow."

Marabeth listened as the receptionist quickly shuffled some papers, then covered the mouthpiece to the phone and spoke to someone quickly. She came back on the line, "He'll see you right now if you are available," the woman said efficiently.

"Fine, I'll be down there in a few moments," she said and hung up the phone.

She passed by Stacy's desk who had obviously been eavesdropping on Marabeth's end of the telephone call. "I'll be down in the minister's office," Marabeth said needlessly. "I'll get this straightened out and we'll leave as soon as I get back," she called to Stacy who accompanied Marabeth on most excursions outside the palace.

Marabeth's heels clicked softly on the white marble floors as she made her way to the opposite end of the palace. It was a long walk but she used the time to calm down. She was still angry when she walked into the minister's office but at least she wasn't as furious as she was a few minutes ago when she'd first been informed of Sam's arrogance. Marabeth almost never got angry, a contradiction to the assumption that redhead's had fiery tempers. She was very even tempered and got along with just about everyone since she simply enjoyed being around people most of the time. Sam Montrose just brought out the worst in her.

Five minutes later, Marabeth walked into the Defense Minister's office and smiled at the man sitting in the outer office. "I'm here to see the Minister," she said as he stood up and bowed quickly.

The man lowered his eyes and a red flush crept over his cheeks as he spoke. "He's waiting for you, your highness," the man stuttered awkwardly. "He said you could go right in."

Marabeth couldn't understand the man's flustered behavior but continued on politely. "Thank you," Marabeth smiled and walked down to the end of the set of offices where she new the Minister of Defense occupied a very large, airy office.

The door was already open so she stood in the doorway before walking in. She saw Sam sitting behind his desk, reviewing some document and making notes. Marabeth watched him for a long moment, trying to get her thoughts together as she watched him, knowing her senses were all tingling with awareness. Suddenly, he looked up and saw her standing in the doorway. He stood up immediately, smiling. "Your highness," Sam said as he walked around his desk and bowed. "What brings you down to this area of the palace today?" he asked reaching out to take her hand in greeting.

Marabeth ignored the flutters that started up in her stomach as he approached. Stacy was right. He was hot. But that description didn't seem to do him justice. The man was just pure, male perfection. His handsomely tailored suit stretched across his broad shoulders which she was sure was all padding, but still made him look bigger than most men. His dark hair looked soft and touchable and his face, well, Marabeth knew that he could fill in for the male models in any magazine. He was just that handsome. And he scared her more than anyone she'd ever met, including her father who had made intimidation into an art form.

She cleared her throat and remembered that she was a princess and as such, she was above this man in rank. He shouldn't intimidate her in any way. Clearing her throat again since the first time didn't seem to work at all, she focused on the reasons he was here, standing awkwardly in his doorway. She walked into the room, feigning an assertiveness she didn't feel. "I wanted to discuss your edict to cancel my appointments." Marabeth lifted her chin and pulled her hand out from his.

"I don't believe I canceled anything," he said and waived a hand to indicate that they should sit down in the comfortable chairs placed around a coffee table.

She followed his lead, walking over to the set of chairs and sofa. "You restricted my ability to leave the palace, didn't you?" she asked, taking the first seat and placing her hands over her knees in an effort to calm her shaking nerves.

"Yes."

"Well, isn't that the same thing?"

"No."

Marabeth gritted her teeth. Patience, she reminded herself. "Okay, explain to me how it is different," she asked, trying to smile but knowing it didn't come out as very friendly.

"You can have your appointments here at the palace," he explained as he took the seat right next to her.

Marabeth wanted to laugh but knew that wouldn't be the best approach. "You're kidding, right?"

"Absolutely not. I never joke about work," Sam said with a straight face.

Marabeth looked into his eyes. She thought there was a teasing look about him but wasn't sure. "I can't have all my appointments come here."

"Why not?" he asked, raising an eyebrow questioningly.

"Because..." she tried to think of a reason. "Because it just isn't feasible." Marabeth knew that it was weak but she just couldn't think with him sitting so close to him and looking so handsome.

Sam was unrelenting "Well, despite your articulate argument, I can't allow you to leave the palace today."

"But why? What is the reason behind this sudden restriction?"

A shadow came over Sam's face. Marabeth saw it but couldn't explain it. It made her very curious though. "I'm not at liberty to discuss it at this time but you'll have to trust me on this issue."

"Trust you?" she gasped. Marabeth wanted to laugh but was too nervous. "Why on earth would I trust you?"

"You're father trusts me," he replied, leaning back with a slight smile on his face.

"That's my father. And he trusts you with the defense of his country, not my schedule."

"It all falls under the same category."

"I disagree."

"You're free to try and leave the palace and test my authority, princess."

Marabeth gritted her teeth. "What are you doing to me?" she demanded, standing up with her hands fisted at her sides. "This is completely unreasonable." Knowing that her temper was getting the better of her, she tried to calm down.

Sam didn't rise with her but looked up at her, a hand on his chin as he watched her furious expression. "I'm sorry you think so."

She sat down again, wishing she wasn't so angry but unable to get control while he sat there so calmly. His words just indicated that he was not going to relent no matter what she said. And she knew that no one would enter or leave the palace without his permission. "What about tomorrow?" she demanded, her temper getting hotter as the conversation went on.

Sam's eyes were hooded as he replied, "We'll have to see about tomorrow. At this point, I won't make any promises."

Marabeth jumped up angrily, her hands on her hips as she challenged him. "You can't do that to me or my staff!"

"I don't care about your staff, but yes, I can do that to you," he said calmly, this time standing up as well and moving slightly closer to her.

Marabeth stepped back, intimidated despite herself. "No. I won't allow this to happen. I have things to do and people to see. I won't allow you to restrict my movements like this," she said and walked over to the window in an effort to find some argument to make this man see her point of view. She swung around to face him. "You can't do this!"

He didn't dare follow her but moved a few feet closer and looked down into her face. "It is already done," he said.

Marabeth wanted to slap his calm face. "Why?" she demanded. "What on earth could be happening that would force you to eliminate my public appearances?" She noticed the shadow again and the curtain fell into place, effectively shutting her out.

"Nothing specific and nothing I can discuss with you at this point," he said evasively.

His reply was so ambiguous she just couldn't accept it. "Let me get this straight, you're not allowing me to leave but you don't have any specific threats that indicate a danger for me appearing in public. Or at least none that you're willing to discuss with me despite the fact that they may pertain to my personal safety. Does that sum up the situation accurately?"

He put his hands in his pockets and nodded. "That's pretty accurate," he replied.

"That's a completely unacceptable stance. Let me go about my business and Add extra men, I don't care. But restricting me allow the security team to do the same. to the palace is going to drive me nuts."

"I'm sorry that you don't like the situation but I can't lift the order. Not at this time anyway. I don't think that would be safe at this moment."

"Why?" she demanded, reading between the lines and understanding that something was going on that he wasn't telling her about.

Sam hesitated, which confirmed her suspicions that he knew something that he wasn't telling her. "Why don't you let me worry about that?" he suggested.

That only infuriated Marabeth further, if that was possible. "Minister, you're being ridiculous. And furthermore, if there is a security issue that involves me, I want to know about it."

"Let me worry about security issues, Marabeth," he said calmly. "That's my job," he explained.

Marabeth was so angry she could barely think anymore. She knew it would be better to calm down and figure out a way to approach him that would be more effective. As rationally as possible, she turned to face him saying, "I disagree with you on this issue but I understand that you're not going to listen to anyone's argument other than your own right now. And I'm too angry to be reasonable myself so I'm not being very effective either. Let me just say that I think you're being ridiculous and I'm done discussing this with someone as hardheaded and apparently arbitrary as you," she said and stormed out of the office.

She was halfway back to her office when she turned and made her way towards the gym instead. She was too angry to work and knew that she'd only stomp around in her offices until she worked her anger out of her system. "Please tell my secretary that I've gone to the gym," she asked a passing servant.

"Yes, your highness," the servant said bowing and then immediately rushing to convey the message.

Marabeth stormed into her bedroom and pulled on a pair of leggings and a cotton shirt, then headed for the gym so she could work off her anger. She knew it was the middle of the morning but she was just too angry to work now. Not that she could, she thought angrily to herself as she punched the buttons on the treadmill. That obnoxious man wouldn't even let her leave the palace so what work was there to do? She really didn't have any obligations except to be present and lend her name to different causes. It wasn't the most intellectually stimulating work but she felt it was worthwhile and she was contributing to society instead of just being a well known face and a convenient hanger for designer clothes.

She punched the speed button three more times, increasing the pace in an effort to get thoughts of that arrogant man out of her mind. How dare he cancel all of her meetings! He really had no right. She was going to discuss this with her father at the very first opportunity. As soon as she could calm down, she told herself and increased the treadmill's pace again.

Thirty minutes later, she still felt angry and sweat was dripping off her face. She'd forgotten a towel but wasn't ready to get off the treadmill. Marabeth was too busy coming up with ways to get back at the odious man. Unfortunately, none of her ideas were very practical and not many were able to be put to use without special training, of which she didn't have. Some involved sharp objects. Although she couldn't actually do them, just imagining doing them to Sam made her feel better.

"You're going to burn out the motor on that if you don't slow down," a deep voice said from behind her.

Marabeth looked around and found the source of the voice. Sure enough, there he stood in all his handsome glory. Sam was leaning against the door to the gym, his arms crossed over his chest and he was now dressed in karate clothes and bare feet instead of his immaculate suit.

The first thought that came to mind was that the suit's shoulders weren't padded. It was all muscle, she realized. It was an astonishing thought and her eyes were glued to his shoulders and muscular arms for a long moment.

The second thought was that he was spying on her. But that was silly. He didn't have time to spy on her. She knew he was an extremely busy man and had a huge amount of responsibility on his shoulders. Not only was he the Minister of Defense for Cordova but he had his own security company that logged billions of dollars in revenue each year.

She just wished the man were fat and ugly instead of so physically fit and good looking.

Marabeth ignored him and continued running.

Marabeth's brother, Prince Maximillian, came into the gym, wearing an identical karate outfit of white and a black belt. "Careful you don't kill yourself over there, Marabeth," he called out, noticing how fast she was running and the sweat covering her shirt. With that comment, the two of them moved off to the mats, bowed to each other, then started circling.

Marabeth couldn't hear what they were saying, but they were laughing and joking with each other, neither really looked like they were serious about their work out. Then Max moved in and tripped Sam, pushing him flat onto his back. For the next fifteen minutes, the two men went back and forth, grunting as each of them got in a good kick or jab on the other person. Each time it was Sam, Marabeth wished she felt good. It was exactly what she wanted to do to him and the fact that it was Max shouldn't have made a difference. But she hated each time Sam was hurt. There was one time that Sam got Max back and winded him for a few moments and Marabeth almost cheered, then remembered that she was furious with Sam and stopped herself, feeling like an idiot who had no control of her feelings. She didn't understand them very well anyway.

After another five minutes and several painful looking kicks or jabs, Marabeth had had enough. Furiously, she clicked off the treadmill and stormed away, refusing to watch the two of them beat each other senseless anymore. It was an awesome spectacle but one she could do without.

Sam watched Marabeth leave and that proved to be a very bad mistake. Max turned around and wholloped him, knocking him backwards and flat onto his back again.

Damn, he thought as he looked up at the ceiling. That was twice in one session and both times were for the same reason. Marabeth.

She looked so beautiful running along. She was incredibly sweaty and he could tell she was still furious with him. He didn't care. No matter what mood she was in, he thought she was sexy as hell.

Max appeared in his vision, looking down at him from above with laughter in his eyes and a smile on his face. "What's up, old man? Why did you ask me to join you for a work out if you're not going to concentrate?" Max asked and held out his hand to help Sam up off the mat.

Sam groaned slightly as he took the offered hand. "I guess I'm just slow today," he said and took the stance again.

They battled for another forty five minutes until both of them were worn out. "I guess my sister leaving gave you back your concentration, huh?" Max joked.

Sam's eyes snapped to watch Max. "I don't know what you mean," Sam said and toweled his face off.

Max only laughed at his friend's attempt at ignorance. "Give it up, Sam. You have it bad for her, don't you?"

"No." Sam tossed the towel into the laundry bin before grabbing another one to towel off his face again.

Max laughed at Sam's grimace. "It's okay," Max pounded Sam on the back in a brotherly fashion. The men had been friends for a long time. "In fact, it is more than okay. Why don't you pursue her? I know my father would be thrilled with you as a son in law."

Sam wiped the sweat from his forehead with a towel and thought about Max's words. He liked that idea too much but he didn't answer Max. "I have work to do," he said and started walking away. "Thanks for the workout."

Max watched the older man walk away and considered his next words carefully. "Sam, you know she has to get married soon. Better you than anyone else, is what I'm thinking," Max called out behind him.

That got Sam's attention. "What do you mean?" he asked, swinging around with a look like a thunderstorm on his face.

Max hid his smile at Sam's furious expression. He took a few steps to close the distance before replying. "Marabeth has to get married."

"Why?" he demanded.

Max held up his hands and laughed. "Not because of what your thinking and you know it. You keep closer tabs on her than anyone so you know she hasn't dated anyone in the past month." Max stopped and thought about that for a moment. "Come to think of it, she hasn't dated anyone since you started working in the palace." Max was silent as he connected the dots, then laughed out loud at his suspicions.

Sam understood where Max's mind was going and shook his head, denying it although secretly he wished it was true. "You're reading too much into things, as always," Sam said and started walking again. Then the rest of what Max had said sunk in. He stopped and turned around again. "What did you mean about her having to get married? Why does she have to?"

Max shrugged his shoulders and tossed his own towel into the laundry bin. "Because she's a princess and my father wants grandchildren. She was engaged two years ago but her fiance died suddenly - not that there was any love in that relationship. If that hadn't happened, she would already be married, probably with a child."

"You could get married and give your father grandchildren," Sam said reasonably but he didn't feel very reasonable. He was furious and didn't really understand why.

"True, but I haven't found the love of my life, like Marabeth and you have," Max said and pounded Sam on the back. Max walked away, leaving Sam glaring at him from behind.

Max entered the main drawing room later that night and was glad to see that his mother and father were there but Marabeth had not yet joined them. Two years ago, their sister Anastasia would also have been here but she married Prince Erik and only comes to visit occasionally. Everyone was delighted to hear that they were going to have a baby soon.

Max walked over to the bar and poured himself a bourbon, tossing an ice cube in the glass before turning to his parents. "I'm glad I found you two alone. I was wondering if you had anymore thoughts about a suitor for Marabeth?" he asked.

King Stephan sighed and shook his head. "Unfortunately no. That girl has become downright belligerent at the idea lately. Before, she was just not interested. But we can't even bring up the subject now."

"Interesting," Max said and laughed. "How long has that been going on?"

His mother, Queen Natasha understood that her son was trying to figure something out. "About three or four weeks. Maybe a little longer," she replied, waiting for her son to explain his comments.

Max nodded and smiled again. "That's what I thought." He walked over to the phone and dialed a number. "Sam, I was wondering if you had dinner plans tonight." After a moment, "Good. I'm sorry to make this such short notice, but, since you don't have any plans, would you mind filling my father in on the submarine issue you were telling me about earlier today? I think he should be in on the decision."

Max nodded and hung up the phone before turning back to his parents. "Sam will be joining us momentarily," he explained but his parents had already figured that out.

"What's going on?" his mother asked, a curious smile on her face.

Marabeth walked into the room at that moment, her hair piled on top of her head and wearing a flattering, dark green dress that had a deceptively simple design. It fit Marabeth from her slim shoulders right down to her knees with no other embellishments. Max noted how pretty she looked and that her face was flushed with color.

"Father, I wanted to talk to you about something. I really need you to step in..." Marabeth stopped when she saw the other figure step into the room at that moment. Her lips thinned and her blue eyes flashed but she didn't continue. "I'll talk about it later," she said and stepped over to the sherry cart to pour herself a drink.

"Your majesty," Sam said and bowed first to the king, then to the queen, Max and Marabeth. "I can quickly brief you now so you can continue with your family dinner without me intruding," Sam was saying.

The queen waived his papers aside. "Please don't go into that right now. You can discuss it over brandy later. What would you like to drink?" she said graciously, immediately understanding that there was something going on between her daughter and this man that Max had picked up on already.

Sam looked back at Marabeth and shook his head. "Really, I don't want to intrude," he said.

"You're not intruding at all," King Stephan said and patted him on the shoulder, guiding the taller man over to the bar. "What would you like to drink?" he repeated.

Sam requested a bourbon and the waiter immediately poured some into a crystal glass. He turned and watched Marabeth while the rest of the family discussed their day.

It was Marabeth's turn to talk about her day and she shrugged her shoulders. "Nothing spectacular to report from my end. I just hung around the palace today. Sam? What wonderful mischief did you get into today?" she asked and all eyes turned towards Sam.

He wanted to smile at her not so subtle jab. But he didn't. He kept a straight face and shook his head. "I can't believe nothing interesting happened to you today, your highness. Surely you ran around causing havoc and mayhem."

Marabeth shook her head but the fire got brighter in her eyes. "Not today. But I'll be ready to do so tomorrow. It was a very calm and boring day. Just one confrontation that I can barely recall now," she said and shrugged her shoulders delicately.

The queen raised her eyebrows at her daughter's obviously provocative behavior but was still trying to determine what was going on. She could feel the tension between these two people and wanted to understand what was causing it. "What confrontation was that?" she asked. "And who won?"

Marabeth shrugged her shoulders delicately. "Like I said, it was nothing of significance and the war has not yet begun. Only a minor skirmish which wasn't enough for anyone to declare a win or a loss."

Sam raised an eyebrow at her statement. "Surely nothing you are involved in has so little significance?" he countered.

"You give me too much credit," Marabeth shot back. "Most of my appointments are very staid and laid back."

"Probably not. What kind of life would that be if you only had staid confrontations?"

"That's what I was trying to convince someone this morning. But that person just refused to be reasonable about the situation. Hence, my very long, very uneventful day," she sighed.

A waiter appeared in the doorway and formally announced that dinner was ready.

The queen and king both looked at each other and smiled, understanding what Max had been about to tell them earlier before Marabeth interrupted them.

King Stephan offered his wife's arm, his eyes twinkling. "I understand, son," he said behind him. To his wife, he chuckled. "How long, my dear?"

Natasha turned to Sam and smiled, "Sam, would you mind escorting Marabeth to dinner? Max, I need you to phone Ana and ask her to confirm her due date, please."

The queen took his offered arm and pondered the question as they walked into the room. "Three months?"

King Stephan chuckled again and shook his head. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Six months?" the queen said, already making plans in her head.

"Longer? I think that might be dangerous, given the circumstances," King Stephan said and glanced back at his daughter, barely containing his laughter as Marabeth glared at Sam as he walked over to her and offered his arm to walk her into the dining room. She took it, but only her fingers would touch his sleeve.

Stephan turned his face away when Sam pulled her hand more fully into the crook of his arm and held it there while they followed behind.

The queen also saw the tussle and held her laughter as well. "I think you're right. Two months is probably the only safe amount of time. But that will be making things very tight, won't it? Oh, the details of the whole event are fairly mind boggling, aren't they?"

King Stephan patted her hand. "Yes, my dear, but you'll pull the whole thing off perfectly as always. How are we going to get the two main parties to agree?" he said so only she could hear.

"That's the main issue, isn't it?" she said and rolled her eyes as she heard her daughter sigh angrily behind her.

Dinner was very entertaining for the king, queen and Max. They had no idea what was going on but there apparently was a battle being waged between Sam and Marabeth. Both were painfully, obviously polite to each other, but the other three occupants knew that, if left on their own, the two of them would be yelling at each other. Well, maybe not Sam, but Marabeth definitely would be.

Once the meal was over, Marabeth and her mother left the table, leaving the men to remain at the table to smoke their cigars and drink brandy. It was an old tradition but one that was maintained when the king felt it was important.

"So, are you seeing anyone important, Sam?" the king asked.

Sam was slightly shocked at the question which he'd answered several weeks ago but he but answered it honestly again. "No, your majesty. I'm not seeing anyone at the moment."

"Good, good. What do you think of Marabeth?"

Sam gripped the brandy glass and wished he could avoid this conversation. "She is very beautiful," he said carefully.

King Stephan noticed the increased grip on the younger man's glass and thought it was a good sign. "I appreciate your concern over her safety as well. How did she react to your increased security?"

"Not well," Sam said, grimacing inwardly at the memory of Marabeth's reaction.

"Didn't think she would. I tried to warn you."

"It was necessary," Sam said. "All the data says...."

The king waived the explanation away. "No, no. I agree with you completely. I'm just glad you had to tell her and not me," he chuckled. "The data indicates an increased kidnapping threat and I'm not willing to take any chances with my children," he said.

"It wasn't as bad as we'd anticipated."

"Really?" Max laughed. "Why do you think she was in the gym for an hour?" he laughed. "That was her second workout of the day."

"I have my suspicions," Sam said blandly but he already knew the reason. Sam kept tabs on her even when she was inside the palace telling himself it was only because of the increased threat. He wouldn't admit, even to himself, that he just wanted to know where she was and what she was doing.

"But you already knew that didn't you?" the king said, stating that as fact instead of phrasing it as a question. "You know more about Marabeth's comings and goings than I do, I'm betting," he said shrewdly.

"I doubt that," Sam said.

"Regardless, I think there's only one thing left to discuss," Stephan said.

"What's that, your majesty?"

"What are you going to do about this situation between you and Marabeth?" he asked, laughing at the way the younger man was reacting. King Stephan was delighted to finally have the matrimonial decision made for his daughter.

"Do?" Sam repeated, not sure what the king meant by his question. "I'll continue to have Manny monitor the security of the palace occupants and will review the security briefings, daily."

Max shook his head. "I don't think my father is talking about Marabeth's security."

"I don't understand," Sam said but he already knew where this conversation was going.

"Sure you do," Stephan said and took a sip of brandy. "You're an intelligent man. Explain your plan of action. And tell me how you want me to phrase it."

Sam looked sharply into the king's eyes. After considering all the possibilities, he sighed and nodded. "Fine. But I'll tell her."

King Stephan nodded. "My wife and I would like to see the date set for approximately two months in the future. Will that give you enough time?"

"More than enough. I'll have the deed done tonight, sire," he said. All three men stood up and King Stephan smiled broadly. "I want you to know that a few grandchildren are an order," he said, eyeing Sam carefully.

Now that the issue was decided, Sam felt good. Better than he had in over a month, in fact. Sam smiled broadly, liking the idea more and more. "I'll consider it my highest priority," he said and bowed graciously.

King Stephan winked at Sam then patted him on the back. "Good. Let's join the ladies. I imagine that my wife has been getting an earful about you for the past twenty minutes."

Sam laughed openly now, feeling like he now owned the world. "I'm pretty sure you're right."

The three men entered the smaller salon. Sam's eyes instantly sought out the one person he was interested in. Once he found her looking out the window, he felt a surge of possessiveness.

She was his, he thought. All five feet, seven inches of her luscious, amazing body. And he protected what was his. He sat down on the sofa and rolled the brandy glass in his hands, warming the potent liquid.

King Stephan yawned and turned to his wife. "My dear, I'm extremely tired tonight. Would you mind if I excused myself?" King Stephan asked.

Natasha understood his silent message and responded with relief. "Of course not dear. In fact, I'll go with you."

"I'm off for the night," Max said and within moments, Marabeth and Sam were alone in the salon. Marabeth just stared at the door where her parents and brother had left.

How could her mother have abandoned her with the one man she'd just been complaining about?

Marabeth looked over at the man in question and watched as one eyebrow went up in question. "Are you going to beg fatigue after your stressful day in the transparent excuse of being afraid of me?" he asked.

Since Marabeth had been about to do just that, she snapped her mouth closed and glared at him.

Sam chuckled and motioned for her to sit down across from him. "Why don't we talk?" he said.

"Why? So you can put more restrictions on my movement?" she asked sarcastically?

"I might," he said and challenged her to ignore his request.

"How does one get to be so arrogant?" she asked, walking over to stand in front of him, her hands on her hips in frustration. "I mean, please teach me your technique because it might come in handy when I meet an insufferable brute of a man who just irritates me by his presence," she snapped.

Sam pulled her down so she was sitting next to him. "We need to talk," he said and turned his body so he was looking at her.

"Oh!' she said, surprised by how quickly she had been pulled down. "What do you think you're doing?" she demanded, struggling to get up and move away from the heat of his body. But the soft cushions of the sofa and his large, male body prevented her from moving.

"I didn't like looking up at you. This is better," he said and took her hand in his.

"Let go of me," she gasped, trying to pull her hand out of his.

"Marabeth, shut up," he said and chuckled at her horrified expression. "Like I said, we need to talk."

"No we don't. I don't have anything to say to you," she said and tried to get off the sofa.

Sam set his brandy on the table next to him and turned back to Marabeth. "We can do this the hard way or the easy way," he said and waited for her response.

"No way," Marabeth countered and smacked at his hands.

Sam decided more drastic action was needed. He grabbed both her hands and gently but efficiently pulled her so she was sitting in his lap. "Now, one more word out of you and I'll have to silence you the only way I know how," he said and looked down into her shocked eyes.

"I can't believe...." Marabeth started, only to be stopped by his lips descending to hers. Marabeth gasped at the first touch, but then her mind went blank as his mouth moved softly over hers, touching, caressing. She wasn't sure what she should be doing, but held on to his lapels for dear life and waited for the sensations to stop making her head spin.

He lifted his head and looked at her. She didn't say a word. "That's better," he said and nodded his approval at her silence. "I was about to explain that I think we should get married," Sam said.

Marabeth couldn't utter a word. This was a bizarre world where nothing was making any sense. She stood up and was grateful that he allowed her to take a few steps away. "I'm sorry?" she said carefully. "Could you repeat what you just said?"

Sam stood up as well. Looking down into her eyes, he repeated, "I think we should get married."

Marabeth took a deep breath and shook her head. "That's what I thought you said. Why would you say something like that?" she asked.

"Because I want you," he replied. "And you want me too."

The first comment was outrageous but the second just floored her. "Is that so?" she asked, taking several steps away from him. "That's an awfully bold assumption. Where on earth would you get that impression?"

He followed her, not giving her any breathing space. "Because it is true. Want me to prove it?"

"No!" she said and put a chair between them. "Not that you could, mind you."

"Don't throw challenges out there."

Marabeth couldn't even imagine why he was doing this. "It doesn't matter anyway. My father wouldn't agree to our marriage. He and my mother have several men already picked out...." She didn't continue. The confident look in his face told her the news. "You've already spoken to him about it, haven't you?"

Sam laughed. "I think it was more along the lines of him talking to me, but regardless, yes. You're father has already given his seal of approval on the wedding. I believe he even demanded that I produce a grandchild or two as rapidly as possible."

Marabeth couldn't believe this. "You're lying," she said.

Sam shook his head. "I never lie, Marabeth."

"No."

"Yes." He countered. "I know this has been quite a shock. I'll leave you with one final thought," he said as he came around the chair. She was so confused, she didn't even try to evade him. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her gently, his arms wrapping around her waist, his hands splaying open on her back. His kiss felt something like a branding, so hot and amazingly sensuous.

And it was over before she could even react to it. "We'll have dinner together tomorrow, just the two of us and we'll talk about it further," he said and left her standing in the corner of the salon, staring after him with a dazed look in her face.

Marabeth barely slept, too confused and feeling betrayed by her parents. They didn't even ask her opinion on the situation and they'd already put their approval on the arrangement.

She met her mother for breakfast the next morning, hoping her appearance looked more serene than she was feeling.

"Good morning, dear," Queen Natasha said as Marabeth took her seat at the breakfast table. "You look like you had a rough night."

"Yes. It wasn't very restful."

"Why is that?"

"Perhaps because you went back on your word, mother."

"How did we do that?" she asked calmly, taking a sip of her tea and staring at her furious daughter over the rim.

"I understand you've both promised me to our illustrious Minister of Defense," Marabeth said, not looking at her mother for fear that the pain she was feeling would show through. She carefully put her napkin onto her lap.

"I think it will be a wonderful marriage. And I don't think we've gone back on our word, my dear. It might seem like it at the moment but in time, I think you'll agree with us."

Marabeth shook her head. "After George died, you and father both promised me that you'd allow me to choose the man I would marry, contingent upon your approval of his worthiness."

"I believe we did that."

"How?" Marabeth demanded, the emotions she was feeling coming through in her tone. "Do you have any understanding of the anger that man generates within me? How awful he is to me? I can't bear to be in the same room with him without fighting with the man. How in the world could you think that he would be a suitable husband?"

"I think if you'd just step back and think about it, the anger he seems to generate within you is more likely desire that is hidden behind confusion and possibly...fear?" she suggested.

Marabeth shook her head. "No. You're wrong. I don't feel anything for him but anger. He's so arrogant and irritating."

"Why don't you talk to him? Explain what you're feeling? He's a man of the world and can probably help you with those feelings."

Marabeth could tell that she wasn't going to get any help from her mother. "Yes, I'm sure that's a practical solution."

Her mother laughed softly at Marabeth's retort. "Marabeth, I've found that Sam is a very reasonable person. If you talk to him, I'm sure you two can come to some sort of compromise on whatever is making you so angry."

"Since it is his whole personality that bothers me, I doubt he would be very amenable to change."

Her mother sighed and considered her angry daughter for a long moment, sipping her tea and then pulling a piece of toast onto her plate to butter it. "I heard a quote once that said females marry someone exactly like or exactly the opposite of their fathers. George was the exact opposite of your father. Did you have any respect for George?"

Marabeth shuddered at the reminder of her previous engagement. "No. He was soft and indecisive and had absolutely no work ethic."

"So the exact opposite didn't work out for you since you didn't respect him very much. Perhaps you should give Sam a chance. He's remarkably like your father in many ways."

"Doesn't that sound slightly ediple, mother?"

Her mother laughed despite her daughter's irreverent comment. "Not at all. You don't want to marry your father in any way. You just respect the qualities in other men that your father has shown as you were growing up. But speaking of attraction, you can't deny you are to him."

"Yes I can," Marabeth countered immediately.

"Then you are lying to yourself, dear," she said softly and stood up. "I have to rush, Marabeth but I want you to think clearly about Sam's proposal. Your father and I are in agreement that this would be a wonderful idea. If you can give us any reason that it wouldn't work, we are more than ready to listen."

"Doesn't the fact that I don't like him mean anything?"

Her mother smiled gently before bending down to kiss her daughter on the cheek. "On the contrary. I have a feeling you like him too much. And that scares you."

Marabeth sat in the breakfast room drinking her tea and thinking through her current situation. Her parents were practically ordering her to marry the man. She'd known it would come down to this as soon as they'd found someone that they thought was worthy. And for the past year, Marabeth had been fine with that. She'd been raised knowing her husband had already been chosen for her and she would have married George if he hadn't died two years ago. She would have even been content in the marriage.

But she didn't think she could find contentment with Sam. He was too domineering and autocratic. Her mother was right, those definitely were qualities she knew were also in her father. But they weren't the qualities that she admired about him.

Marabeth got up from the table and called Stacy. "Are we cleared for departure today, Stacy?" Marabeth listened for a moment before her hopes were dashed. "Thanks. I didn't think so. Well, you might as well take the day off. Was there anything special planned?"

There hadn't been. But there was a big event planned for tomorrow. The children's wing of the hospital needed renovations and she'd put a lot of time into coordinating a fundraiser. She was supposed to attend a luncheon tomorrow to finalize all the details. Marabeth sighed in frustration. She'd wager that tomorrow's activities would be canceled as well.

She was looking out the window and wondering what she was going to do with her day when something Sam said yesterday came back to her. Why shouldn't she have her luncheon tomorrow? She could bring everyone here instead of having it at the hospital. That would put a strain on the security team here, but she didn't really care about that. If they weren't going to allow her to leave, then they'd better be ready to have everyone come here.

She called Stacy back and thankfully, she was still there, not taking Marabeth's advice to take the day off. them to come here instead. don't bother. I'll call them myself to let them know they should be expecting approximately fifty or more people who will need to be cleared through the gates tomorrow."

"Stacy, call the organizers of tomorrow's luncheon and tell

We'll have it in the main dining hall. Call security...no,

Marabeth put down the phone and felt much better. She wondered if she was just being petty but she didn't think so. This was an important meeting and the committee was going to finish up the details and move on to fundraising tomorrow. It had been one of her agendas for the past three years and it was finally coming to an end. She walked to her office and smiled at Stacy. "I feel better, how about you?"

Stacy looked slightly frazzled but energized. "I just talked to the kitchens and they are in full battle mode. What did security say?" she asked.

"I haven't called them yet. I'll get on it now. We'll need to either e-mail or phone everyone on the list to make sure they can come and let them know to arrive early so they can get cleared through security."

The rest of the day was spent phoning and coordinating names and background checks with security who snapped into active mode at her request.

By six o'clock that evening, everything was arranged. The whole list of fifty people were tentatively cleared and the chef was busy preparing the luncheon. Marabeth felt much better, knowing that she had accomplished something today and will again tomorrow.

Stacy walked in to Marabeth's office and smiled tentatively, "Shouldn't you be getting ready for your dinner?"

"No," she said distractedly, pulling papers together to file into a manilla folder for tomorrow. "Why?" Marabeth asked, glancing at her watch.

"Well, I looked at your calendar and apparently you have a private dinner with our illustrious Minister of Defense." Stacy giggled. "Weren't you just saying yesterday that you weren't interested in him in any personal way?"

Marabeth groaned inwardly. She'd purposely forgotten that Sam had dictated a dinner with her tonight. "I didn't say that I wasn't interested in him in a personal way. I said that I didn't like him. But I guess the assumption could be that I am not interested in him in any way other than as a bump under my car, but since that's a wish I'm not going to get any time soon, I suppose I should just accept that he's employed by my father and ignore him as much as possible."

Stacy's eyes widened at Marabeth's tone. "How are you going to avoid him tonight? According to your calendar, it is only going to be the two of you."

Marabeth's lips firmed in concentration. Shaking her head she looked around her desk for her notepad. "No. I'm not having dinner with that man," she said and closed down her computer. "Is there anything else that needs to be attended to before tomorrow?" Marabeth asked, glancing through her notes to make sure they had checked everything for the next day's meeting.

Stacy looked down her notes and made sure everything was covered. "No, I think everything is all set. How long are we going to do this?" Stacy asked.

Marabeth smiled triumphantly. "As long as I'm restricted."

"Okay. Well, I guess I'm going to head on home tonight," she said and picked up her purse. "Why would Sam Montrose set up a dinner appointment with you?"

Marabeth sighed. "It's a long story," she said, rubbing her forehead.

"Well, maybe you'll fill me in tomorrow," Stacy said and pulled her purse over her shoulder. "See you later. Good luck avoiding him tonight."

"No luck needed," Marabeth said and closed her office door as well.

Marabeth walked down the hallway to her suite of rooms. She quickly changed into a pair of well worn jeans and a sweat shirt, an outfit she knew her father hated seeing her in. She suspected that Sam would get the message as well but only if he found her.

She slipped down the hallway and into the screening room. Surveying the available movies, she selected an old classic and pressed the buttons. Instantly, the lights lowered and a screen appeared out of the ceiling. Within minutes, the movie was playing and Marabeth was able to sit back in a comfortable seat and lose herself in the movie.

Fifteen minutes into the movie, she heard the door open and close. She didn't even turn around, knowing no one but Sam would enter without her permission. Sure enough, his large frame settled into the seat next to hers and he silently watched the movie with her.

Marabeth was tense initially, wondering if he was going to stop the movie and talk to her. But thankfully, he just watched until the ending credits started scrolling on the screen.

"Good movie," he said as the lights automatically came up and the screen again disappeared into the ceiling.

"Thanks. I didn't invite you," she said and stood up to walk out of the screening room. She'd already missed dinner and intended to just sneak into the kitchen and have a sandwich or something light. She'd done that in the past several times when she just wanted to be alone.

"I noticed." He stood up and faced her, watching her start to walk out of the screening room. "So are you in the habit of standing up your dates?" he called out to her.

She walked down the hallway quickly, but his long strides enabled him to keep up with her easily. "I don't recall accepting a date from anyone. No request was made." "Ah!" Sam said, chuckling softly. "I understand." He touched her arm to stop her. "Can I apologize for that then? And maybe we could start over again?"

Marabeth turned to face him, looking up into his handsome face. "Are you going to tell my father that you won't marry me?"

"No."

"Well, then what's the point?," she replied and started walking towards her suite again. "We haven't really started over. And you haven't asked me to marry you, by the way, so it might be awkward on your wedding day."

Sam threw back his head and laughed. "Come on, I'm starving," and he led her towards the kitchen. "I'm guessing you were going to scavenge. Would you mind terribly if I walked along beside you and scavenged as well?"

Marabeth only shrugged her shoulders. "If I asked you not to, would you go away?"

"No."

She rolled her eyes at his quick response, gritting her teeth in frustration. "Well, then, what's the point in asking me if I mind? A little rhetorical, wouldn't you say?" She immediately walked faster, wishing she could leave him behind but knowing it wasn't going to happen, not with his long legs anyway.

"Perhaps. But you don't really want me to go away, do you?" he asked.

They'd reached the kitchen by that point and Marabeth poked her head in to see if the chefs were still busy. But thankfully, it was late enough so only the cleaning crew was around washing dishes. "I'm sure that I didn't invite you and you're still here."

Sam opened the refrigerator for her and pulled out some sliced ham and cheese. Marabeth got the bread from the pantry. "Why do you do that?" he asked.

"Do what?"

"Deny what is going on between us? You felt it the moment our hands touched that first time over a month ago. What is keeping you from just accepting that we're attracted to each other and embrace it?"

"Why should I? Apparently, everyone is too busy telling me. Why should I bother to say it myself?" she said and put four pieces of bread onto a plate.

He stopped unwrapping the meat and cheese to look over the counter at her. "Is that what is wrong? That everyone is telling you the same thing and you're just digging your heels in?"

Marabeth slapped some ham onto a piece of bread, then some cheese. Adding mustard, she closed it up and sliced it down the middle. "Not really. There's also the very major issue that I just don't like you," she said and took a bite of her sandwich.

Sam laughed. "I think you like me too much," he said and completed making his sandwich as well. "And that scares the hell out of you."

"Sam, does your ego ever get so big it won't fit through a door?" she asked and dropped her sandwich down onto her plate.

"Never," he laughed and picked up her plate. "Come on. We're not having this discussion in front of others," he said.

Marabeth wanted to stomp her feet. "Why are we having this discussion at all?" she demanded.

"Come on, princess," he said and walked out of the kitchen.

She wouldn't follow him, she told herself. She would rather starve than eat with him. In fact, her appetite was now gone so he could just go wherever he wanted with her meal and have a wonderful time.

A few minutes later, she realized that he wasn't waiting for her. He'd just disappeared. Marabeth felt slightly disappointed that he hadn't at least made sure that she was following him but ignored that feeling.

She made her way towards her rooms, intending to hide away from him. Not that he wouldn't just invade that area as well.

Walking into her rooms, she stopped short as soon as she saw him sitting on her sofa, a sandwich in one hand and a magazine in another. When she walked in, he raised one eyebrow in her direction. "Feel better?"

"No. Please leave," she said.

"We're back to you trying to ignore your feelings. Why don't you eat your dinner, then we'll talk."

Marabeth took her sandwich and ate it, intending to go into her bedroom once she was done eating and ignore him completely.

She ate in silence, not even looking at him which didn't matter to him since he continued to read her magazine. Once she was done, she dusted off her hands and stood up. "Good night, Sam."

Sam laughed and grabbed her hand as she passed by the sofa he was sitting on. "Oh, no you don't. Come back and talk to me. I'll follow you in there. Don't challenge me on that front."

Marabeth tried to pull her hand away but his grip was firm but gentle. "Sam, leave me alone. We don't have anything to say to each other," she said, wishing she could scream it to him.

"No talking is fine with me," he said and pulled her down onto his lap. "I didn't really want to talk anyway. Not with you in these jeans anyway," he said a moment before his mouth descended to hers. This kiss was not gentle like last night's. It was hard and passionate and wouldn't allow her to be anything other than a participant. His lips caressed hers, nibbling, soothing, back and forth until she opened her mouth. Once she opened, his tongue moved inside, mating with hers and creating sensations Marabeth couldn't control. She gripped his shoulders and held on tightly, her mind blank and her body reacting to the feelings.

His hands were on her waist but once her tongue moved inside his mouth, imitating his movements, his hands gripped her waist, turning her more fully towards him. When she was where he wanted her, his hands moved down, gripping her hips, then back up slowly, sliding underneath her sweatshirt.

Marabeth gasped when she felt his hands on her bare skin. Her mouth moved away slightly and her eyes looked up into his, wondering if he was feeling the same thing she was. His eyes were intense and hooded. When his hand moved up an inch higher, she almost moaned at the heat ripping through her.

One of Sam's hands moved out from underneath her sweatshirt and pulled her head towards his again, and the dual sensations of his hands and his mouth blurred the argument she had been having with him earlier. All that mattered was feeling more of these sensations.

She moved her hands from his shoulders to his neck, touching the only skin she could find on him. He had removed his tie and unbuttoned the top button of his dress shirt but other than that, he was still dressed as he was for his work day.

His hand moved slowly higher until his thumb rested just below her breast and Marabeth held her breath, waiting, desperately hoping it would move higher, needing his thumb to touch her breast.

When his hand finally moved higher, Marabeth inhaled sharply then arched her body against his. His hand massaged her breast, then his thumb flicked the already hard nipple.

Marabeth didn't think she could take much more of the torture. Her hands gripped his hair as her body melted in his hands. A moment later, her sweatshirt was pulled over her head and his eyes were feasting on the lace holding her breasts. "You're beautiful," he groaned and his mouth closed over her left breast through the fabric of her bra.

"Stop, please, I can't take anymore," she cried out but her hands pulled him closer and her back arched even further to give him greater access.

"I know, we should stop," he said but her hands moved to the buttons of his shirt, quickly unbuttoning the small buttons, then ripping the fabric away. "No!" she cried out when her fingers reached the cotton of his tee-shirt underneath.

"Here," he said and pulled both shirts out of the waistband of his pants. Marabeth needed no further prompting. Her hands slid the shirt off his shoulders and the tee-shirt over his head. When she finally had his chest free of the clothing, her eyes drank in the magnificent view of his muscular chest. There was only a small amount of hair to mar its perfection. Her hands ran the length of one muscle that disappeared into his pants. Marabeth had never been this bold before, but for some reason, Sam wasn't the same. She didn't want to be shy with him. She couldn't.

"Don't stop," he groaned when she lifted her hand from his chest. "Please don't stop," he said and pulled her hands back onto his chest, then put his hand behind her head again to pull her lips to his.

Marabeth continued to allow her fingers to explore his chest while his lips moved across hers over and over again, his tongue moving in and out in the mating ritual. "I want you, Marabeth," he said and his hand undid the clasp on her bra, freeing her breasts.

The cool air on her breasts gave her a moment of clear thinking and she was about to ask him to stop, fearful of the desire that was blurring her vision and muddling her mind. But then his hot mouth closed over her nipple and she could no longer speak. He sucked and licked, then bit gently and Marabeth could only wrap her arms around his head, holding him in place in an unspoken plea to continue his ministrations.

The phone rang which was the equivalent of dumping a bucket of ice water over Marabeth's head. "Oh my goodness," she gasped, leaning back and looking at Sam in astonishment. When he touched her again, she cringed, "No. Please, no more," she said and quickly moved off his lap.

She bent down and grabbed her sweatshirt, covering herself before answering the phone. "Hello?" she asked.

The person at the other end of the line quickly relayed the message from her mother and Marabeth nodded. "That's fine. Thank you," she said and put the phone back in it's cradle.

"Who was that?" Sam asked, directly behind her. She turned and was grateful to see that he'd put his tee-shirt and dress shirt back on and was buttoning it up before tucking it back into his waistband.

"It was my mother's assistant letting me know that my mother will be attending the luncheon tomorrow."

Sam nodded and waited while she turned her back and slipped her sweatshirt back on. "Don't you need this?" he asked, and her face flamed red when she saw her black lace bra dangling from his large, masculine fingertips. She grabbed it and stuffed it into the pocket of her jeans.

"Thank you," she whispered and crossed her arms over her chest.

"Marabeth, will you please have dinner with me tomorrow night? We need to talk, work through a few details."

"No. I don't think that's a good idea."

Sam sighed and pulled her into his arms. "Are we back to that again?"

She leaned her head against his chest, wishing she had the strength to pull out of his arms. But he just felt too good. Just a moment, she told herself. She wanted to savor the feeling for just one moment longer. "Yes," she sighed. "I really don't want to go through with this wedding. I don't want to be married to you."

"I know." Sam stepped back and smiled down at her. "I'd be honored if you would just meet me for dinner tomorrow night so we can discuss the issue. Will that be okay?" he asked.

"Sam, please..." but he put a finger over her mouth.

"I asked."

Marabeth laughed. "Just because you asked means I'm not allowed to say no?"

"Exactly," he said and smiled charmingly.

"Well, I don't think it would be a good idea."

"If I promise to not touch you, will that work?" "Will you?"

"No, but I could try."

Marabeth couldn't help but laugh at his unrepentant reply. "I'm not sure that's a very good promise."

"It's the best I can do. Sorry, but now that I know what you're like in my arms, I don't think I can wait to hold you again."

She looked up at him curiously. "Sam, do you ever take no for an answer."

"Sure. When it is the right one," he said. He bent down and quickly kissed her lips. "I'll stop by here at seven o'clock. Dress up," he said and turned to leave the room.

Marabeth turned and watched him leave, amazed anew now that she had seen his chest and felt the muscles along his shoulders and back. She liked the way he walked, she thought as he opened her door and left without a backwards glance. She wondered what his legs would feel like wrapped in hers as their bodies, completely naked, moved in time with each other.

Stop it! She told herself. Those kinds of thoughts were too dangerous.

She walked into her bedroom and put on a silk nightgown. The feeling of the silk as it moved down her already sexually aroused body was pure torture and she had to pull it off and find a cotton nightgown. That one was only marginally better but she slid between the sheets, frustrated and punching her pillow in her agitation.

Marabeth dressed carefully for dinner the following night. She didn't want to be alluring, but for some reason, she really wanted to look pretty for Sam. She dressed in a bright blue dress with a chiffon skirt that swirled around her legs. The bodice had a square cut neckline and the sleeves fitted her arms all the way down to her wrists.

Sam knocked on her door exactly at seven o'clock. She opened it and noted his dark suit and was impressed, remembering his muscles. For a split second, she wished they were staying in her suite to continue what they had started last night.

"You look lovely," he said and his eyes showed his appreciation for her dress.

"Thank you. You look very handsome yourself."

He held out his arm for her and she slid her hand through it, letting him walk her down the hallway.

"How did your luncheon go today?" he asked.

She was surprised that he'd known about it. "It was fine. How did you find out that I was having everyone here for lunch?"

He looked down at her as they rode the elevator down to the garage level. "There's very little that you do that I don't know about," he said.

She didn't like the sound of that. "I'm not sure that's very fair," she said and took several steps back. Not too far because the elevator wasn't that big.

"Why is that?"

"Because I don't know anything that you do during the day and yet, you probably know what I ate during lunch and how long my work out was this morning."

"What's your point?"

"I don't like being spied on," she countered quickly.

"Why do you think of it as spying? It is my job to ensure your safety."

She thought for a moment, trying to get him to understand her position. "What time did I arrive in my office this morning?" she asked him.

"Marabeth, what's the point..."

"Just answer the question."

"Eight o'clock."

"And what time did the luncheon start?"

"One o'clock."

"What time was it supposed to start?"

"Twelve thirty."

They stepped out of the elevator and Sam escorted her to the waiting limousine. Once they were inside, she continued.

"Sam, I didn't even know if you were in the building today and yet you basically know every move I made today. It leaves me no privacy. If I were to hire spies who would tell me what time you showered today and what soap you used, wouldn't that make you feel just a little weird?"

"Yes."

"So why can't you give me the same respect?"

He waited until the car was moving before answering. "Because I'm here to protect you, Marabeth That's what your father tasked me to do."

"No, he tasked you to protect the country and from what I've heard, you're doing a wonderful job of it. But I don't fall into that category."

"Yes, you do," he said harshly. "You're mine, Marabeth," he looked into her eyes, determined to let her understand the intensity of his feelings. "I protect what's mine."

"Well, if the converse is true, then I should have the right to know what you are doing at every moment of the day. So I'll start arranging that," she said and sat back in her seat, frustrated that he wasn't willing to see her side of the argument.

He sat against the soft, leather seats, smiling smugly.

"What?" she demanded, wondering why he was so happy now when sixty seconds ago he was about to pull a caveman act on her.

"You just let it slip."

"Slip? What do you mean?"

Sam lifted her hand to his mouth and kissed her fingers. "If the converse is true, then I'm yours and you've finally agreed to marry me," he said, the light in his eyes dangerous.

Marabeth pulled her hand out of his. "No I didn't. And that brings up another subject. I want to learn karate," she said.

"No."

Marabeth laughed. "No? Just no? What do you mean no? Of course I can learn karate. All I have to do is hire a tutor."

"Why would you want to learn karate? You have two body guards who are trained in martial arts and just about any weapon someone could put in front of you."

"Don't be condescending, Sam. I want to learn to defend you and myself. I don't like being a target with no skills other than ensuring that my shoes match my dress." "No. You don't need to learn any self defense."

"Why not?"

"Because you're a girl."

"Nice of you to notice, but now you're simply being sexist. I'll make some calls tomorrow and I'll find someone to teach me. Manny will have the clearance paperwork on his desk in the morning." She stopped for a moment and thought about that. "Actually, I'll just have Rick or Mark teach me," she said, referring to her two body guards. "You just said they were very skilled."

"No," he said and ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. "Marabeth, if you want to learn, then I'll teach you."

The car pulled up beside an Italian restaurant that Marabeth had been to before and enjoyed very much. She liked Sam's choice, but didn't tell him that. The man was too arrogant for his own good. And hers.

She waited until they were seated and the wine ordered before continuing. "I don't think I want you for a teacher."

"Why not?" he asked, sitting back in his seat and enjoying the sparkle in her eyes.

"Because I don't think you'll take my instruction very seriously. I want to learn and once I put my mind to something, there's no way I do anything halfway."

"I know that," he said and leaned forward. "Marabeth, I'm not letting you get beaten up by someone else, nor am I going to allow another man to touch you. If you want instruction in martial arts, you're going to have to take my offer."

She considered his comment for a long moment. She didn't mind letting him teach her. In fact, he was one of the best she'd ever seen so if she wanted to learn something, she really should learn from the best.

"Fine, but if I think for one moment that you're holding back, I'm hiring a tutor on my own."

Sam relented slightly by saying, "We'll see. What are you having for dinner?" he asked changing the subject.

Marabeth looked at the menu and chose a pasta dish quickly. There were several thoughts going through her mind, all of which she really wanted to talk to him about.

"I also want to learn hang gliding. There are several other things as well. So you need to get rid of these silly security issues so I can get on with things."

Sam almost dropped the menu at her comment. "Hang gliding?"

"Yes. What's wrong with that?"

"It's dangerous. That's what!" he said angrily.

"Have you ever done it?"

"Yes, but that's not the point."

"Is the point something about the fact that I'm not of the male gender? If so, you really should keep that point to yourself because I'll only have to kick you," she said, but her tone was very calm. "And I have very sharp shoes on. Nice point at the toe."

"Marabeth, you are not being reasonable."

"No, Sam. I disagree. I am a free-thinking, completely grown adult with needs and desires of my own. But I'm twenty six years old and being told to marry a man that; one I barely know, two I don't understand and three, I don't really like. So you tell me exactly how I'm being unreasonable.. I'm forced into a situation that no other person in the world has to deal with and yet I'm trying to make the best of it because I have an obligation to my country and a great deal of respect, not to mention fear, of my father."

Sam considered her words for a long time. He'd never heard her phrase things quite so eloquently before and he had to admit that she had a very convincing argument. "One hour for each lesson," he said.

Marabeth was confused. "One hour of what?"

"I get one hour for each hour I teach you. But I have to teach you whatever you're going to learn."

"What do you mean, you get one hour?"

He leaned forward and crossed his arms over the table in front of him. "I get one hour with you where you don't argue with me or try to avoid me."

She considered that. It seemed reasonable. "The wedding is delayed for six months and I get out of it if I find out you're totally unreasonable."

"No way."

"Why not?" He smiled cheekily. "Because I know I can be unreasonable. I'm not giving you an out that easy."

Marabeth couldn't help it. He was too charming for her own good. Her laughter bubbled up despite her vow to make her point. "Fine, but we delay the wedding for at least six months and don't announce it for three."

"We keep the date set for two months and don't announce it for four weeks. And you continue to get ready for the wedding with all the enthusiasm you would if you would just admit you're in love with me."

Marabeth wasn't sure if she should gasp in horror or laugh at his comment. Both seemed applicable. "I get karate, hang gliding and I want to go to an amusement park," she said. And as if it were an afterthought, "And I get to go out once in a while," she finished. "These security restrictions are going to really get to me soon."

"You stay within the confines of the palace unless you're with me, I'll teach you both but no amusement park. Too many security issues."

"When would the security issues be resolved?"

"Do you agree?" he asked.

"Is there an alternative?"

"Sure, you can not learn karate or hang gliding, you can continue to fight me and avoid me and we don't get to know each other, but we still get married in two months and I get to take you to bed like I want to do right now."

Marabeth couldn't help it. She burst out laughing, enjoying the arrogance and irritating confidence he had. Her mother was right about that part. Those two qualities really were two things that attracted her to him.

"Is that a yes?" he asked.

"That's a yes," she said.

"Good."

Their meals arrived conveniently at that moment and there was a great show of freshly grated cheeses and tossing of the salad. The wine was poured and the bread delivered. By the time all the waiters had gone, Marabeth was ready to yell at them all to go away but she kept her mouth shut and waited patiently.

Once they were alone again, she took a big bite of her pasta, knowing she was hungry. "Oh, this is wonderful," she said as soon as she finished the first bite. "I love this restaurant."

"When were you here before?"

"My mother had me go out with this irritating Italian count about six months ago. He was yet another in a long line of hopefuls." She considered that for a moment. "Why didn't they ask you to take me out a long time ago?"

"They did."

"They did?" she said, extremely hurt suddenly. If they'd asked, that meant he'd said no. "Well, this is delicious pasta," she said again, looking down at her meal.

Sam realized where this was going and he put his fork down. "Marabeth, stop right there. Look at me," he said.

She looked up and tried to hide the hurt but it must have come through on her face.

"At the time, I had one month before I was to take over a new job and all I knew about you was that you were a princess who had just lost her fiance and you had a beautiful mother."

She nodded and thought she understood. "So you think the same thing everyone else thought about me. That I was some spoiled little princess who needed to be married off as quickly as possible. But you took it one step further and thought I was an ugly hag, huh?"

Sam nodded his head. "Well, yes. That about sums it up."

Marabeth wanted to feel hurt, but his honesty somehow made her feel better. "What time is my first lesson?' she asked, changing the subject.

"Tomorrow morning. Be in the gym at five o'clock."

"Five in the morning?" she asked, her fork clanking against her plate.

"Yes. Five in the morning. Why? Too early for you? We can call this off now."

She pursed her lips. Now that she'd gotten a concession out of him, she wasn't going to let him back out of it. "No. I'll be there. But you'd better be ready to teach me something and not just patronize me. I'm strong enough to handle you."

His eyes lit up at her suggestive comment but his only reply was, "We'll see. Tell me what you're doing for the hospital."

Marabeth looked up at him, her eyes narrowing at his question. He'd never asked her anything about what she did before. She assumed that he already knew so was suspicious about why he was asking. "Why? Didn't the details come through on the spy pages?"

"Yes. But I didn't read them."

That surprised her and it showed in her expression. "Why not?" she asked curiously.

"Because it didn't pertain to your safety so I thought I'd ask you about them instead."

She liked that answer. Could he really want to just talk to her like a normal person? Could he be slightly less domineering than she'd originally thought? It was a spark of hope, so she talked to him about the hospital's needs and what she was doing to help them. He asked her questions and listened to her answers and it was an interesting change to the way they had conversed previously.

By the end of the evening, Marabeth realized that she didn't dislike him quite so much. He walked her to the door of her suite and she turned shyly to him, ready to kiss him quickly on the cheek before slipping into her rooms.

Sam had other ideas though. He opened the door and closed it behind him, but didn't go very far into the suite. In fact, he took her into his arms the moment the door was closed and leaned against it, kissing her deeply and passionately.

He didn't let up until she moaned softly. Then he pulled his head up and smiled. "I'll see you tomorrow morning at five."

Marabeth nodded, licking her lips and wishing he would kiss her again. He didn't. He slipped out of the room and walked quickly away while Marabeth leaned weakly against the door and listened to his footsteps fade away down the marble hallway.

Six hours later, Marabeth pulled herself out of bed and hurried into some work out clothes. She ran the whole way to the gym, ignoring her mother's dictates that rushing was unladylike. She wanted to be in the gym on time for her first lesson. Despite the early morning appointment time, she was eager to learn whatever she could from Sam.

He was waiting there already, dressed in a pair of gym shorts and a tee shirt. "Good morning," she said and walked over to the mat.

"Good morning," he said and walked over to stand in front of her. "Did you sleep well?" he asked.

Marabeth was almost too busy taking in the gorgeous sight of him with his muscles apparent in his arms and chest. She bit her lower lip, wishing she could keep her libido in check for just a few minutes around him. He was still waiting for an answer so she finally replied, "Yes. Very well, thank you."

"I didn't," he said, practically growling at her. "Take off your shoes."

Marabeth raised her eyebrows. "Is that my punishment for your inability to sleep well?" she asked.

"No. It is the requirement for karate," he said and moved away from her to take the initial stance for attack.

"Oh. Well, then in that case, I'll do it." She quickly slipped her running shoes off her feet and placed them to the side of the large, matted area.

"So if it wasn't to make me feel better, you wouldn't have?"

"Nope," she said in a sing-song voice. "If the stress of your job is too much for you, perhaps you should delegate more responsibility to others." She came back quickly and stopped a few feet away from him, smiling up at his grumpy expression.

Obviously Sam was not going to take her perky quips without retribution. Marabeth's only warning that she was in trouble was the spark that appeared in his steely gray eyes moments before he walked over to her and quickly flipped her on her back. Once she was down and staring up at the ceiling, he loomed over her. "That was your first lesson. Never let your enemy out of your sight and never trust them. Always be cautious," he said.

"Ah," she said and wondered why being flipped didn't hurt that badly. It had looked pretty painful when she'd been watching Sam and her brother a few days ago. "Well, I guess I deserve that, although I'm not sure why."

He reached down a hand to help her up. She accepted but he pulled her right into his arms. "I didn't sleep well because I was thinking about how much I should have stayed in your room last night and made love to you instead of leaving you with that chaste kiss."

"Oh." She hadn't thought the kiss was very chaste personally since it had ignited every nerve ending in her body. But she accepted that he was much more experienced than she was in this area. She also wasn't going to challenge him about it while he was in this kind of mood.

"Step over there and put your hands up like this," he said and Marabeth obeyed instantly.

The next hour was fascinating for Marabeth. She loved learning from Sam even though he was relentless. They went over the same move again and again until he thought she had it perfect. There were kicks and lunges, arm movements and body turns. Marabeth felt silly at first but when Sam explained the balance involved and how to use that balance to one's advantage, she embraced the lessons with enthusiasm.

"Good job," he said and stood up. Marabeth was breathing heavily as she tried to keep up with him but he hadn't even broken a sweat. "I'll see you tonight for dinner?" he asked, putting his hands on her hips and looking down at her.

Nodding and trying to slow her breathing down which was a useless effort since she was now in his arms and the expectation of a kiss was increasing her breathing, she put her hands on his chest and looked up at him. "What time?"

"Seven again?"

"That's fine," she said and watched him walk away. She was painfully disappointed that he didn't kiss her again but told herself that it was probably a good thing. She'd be a basket case soon if she wasn't careful. She wanted his touch but should learn to temper her needs with caution and reason.

The day flew by for Marabeth which was odd since she didn't really have anything to do. She was still restricted from leaving the palace with no explanation so she had to cancel her appointments which weren't urgent, thankfully. Instead, she raced her horse against the clock and was impressed with how fast he could run. Then she relaxed by reading a book she'd been trying to start for the past several months, never finding the time before because of her busy schedule.

She also researched several new charities that had been introduced to her. It always amazed her how many charities just popped up that were completely false but were asking for her presence at some function or another. She knew several people created foundations simply as an excuse to meet her and that irritated her. But she accepted that as part of the job.

She had no idea what to wear to dinner that night so she chose a simple pair of black slacks and a white, turtle neck sweater since it was starting to turn cooler. She let her hair flow down her back and only pinned the front to the top of her head to keep it out of her eyes.

Marabeth smiled as she opened the door to reveal Sam standing there, leaning against her door with a bouquet of flowers. "How lovely," she said, and didn't mean just the flowers. Sam was wearing a pair of khaki slacks and a white collared shirt, open at the top. He looked incredibly sexy and she wished he'd just take her into his arms and kiss her, wrapping her up in his strength.

Where had that thought come from? She frowned as she took the flowers, letting him follow her into her suite. Wasn't she still mad at him? Wasn't he still the irritating, domineering man who was pushing her into a relationship she didn't want?

Where had her spine gone? Could she not maintain her anger in the face of overwhelming charm?

How irritating, she thought as she stopped in the middle of her sitting room.

"Is something wrong?"

Marabeth jumped at his deep voice so close behind her. She swung around to look at him. "No, why?" she asked, trying to appear calm despite her confusing feelings.

"You're frowning at the flowers as if a snake were about to jump out of them. I promise there are no hidden serpents," he teased her.

Marabeth felt the butterflies again and wished they would just disappear. Was she so shallow? She'd always thought of herself as more dedicated but here she was, falling for his sweet lines and her heart fluttered each time he smiled at her.

Instead of answering him, she turned again and walked into her kitchenette. She busied her hands while searching for a vase, needing the distraction to help her put a little distance between herself and his magnificent body. Unfortunately, she couldn't find a vase large enough to hold the huge bouquet. She put them into a large glass and left a note for the maid to settle them into a vase the following day. "That was very thoughtful of you. What's the occasion?" She asked, her fingers touching the delicate, fragrant blooms gently, admiring the perfection of each rose and lily.

"Are you saying I'm not thoughtful on a regular basis?"

"I wouldn't say that," she laughed. "I just have no idea what you're thinking," she said and turned to face him. She didn't realize he was so close and she turned right into his arms.

His arms immediately wrapped around her body, pulling her closer so they were touching from shoulder to knee. "I thought about you most of the day," he said lazily before his mouth descended to hers.

When he lifted his head after only a small kiss, she looked up at him, trying desperately hard not to lose her train of thought again after the kiss as she normally did. "Were you reading security reports or something and that's why you were thinking of me?"

"You're not very romantic are you?" he chuckled.

She pulled out of his arms and walked out of the small, unused kitchen area. "I'd say I'm more of a realist," she countered.

He took her hand in his and pulled her out of the suite. "We'd better get out of here before I pull you towards your bedroom and show you exactly what I was thinking," he said.

He led her to the veranda where a lovely, romantic setting had been created using candles and white roses. "Oh, Sam. This is beautiful," she said, sincerely touched by his thoughtfulness.

"Thank you," he replied, and bowed deeply to her.

She turned to look at him, impressed with his efforts despite her confusion. "What's on the menu?"

Sam raised an eyebrow. "I'm not sure," he said. "I just told the chef to make your favorite. They seemed to know exactly what that was," he replied.

"You're a very brave man," she said.

"So you tell me, what are we having for dinner?"

"There are a few things I really like but it might just be a simple chef's salad. That's what I usually eat when I'm alone and not with the family."

He grimaced at her response. "Hmmm...I hope not. I'm pretty hungry."

She laughed and look up and down his extremely large frame, knowing he would need much more than a simple salad. "Well, maybe it will be something like beef Wellington or shrimp scampi, both of which are what I request when I have dinner guests."

The relief was apparent on his face. "That sounds more interesting."

He poured them both a glass of white wine and raised his glass. "How about a toast?"

"What to?" she asked, accepting the glass but trying to avoid touching his fingers in the process. He noticed and the laughter in his eyes spoke volumes. Thankfully, he didn't say anything about it.

He picked up his own glass, then raised it towards her. "To getting to know each other," he said and gently clinked her glass.

Marabeth sipped her wine, watching him the whole time. He seemed different tonight for some reason. She couldn't put her finger on exactly how though. Something about him seemed more confident but she considered that he was more relaxed. "How are we going to get to know each other?" she asked, taking several steps away from him. Until she understood what was different, she acknowledged that he was even more dangerous. She could easily lose her heart to this dynamic man. And then where would she be? In love with her husband wasn't a bad thing, just as long as he was in love with her as well.

But could Sam fall in love with her? She'd seen the pictures of the women he'd dated in the past as they splashed their story all over whatever publication would pay them the most for the intimate details. beautiful brunettes mixed in as well. figures. Marabeth had no illusions about herself. She'd seen the way George looked at her and although she had been trying to look her worst for him, choosing colors that made her skin look wan or brought out her freckles in the most obvious way, he still didn't think she was very pretty. And since he was the only man allowed to get close to her since she'd been betrothed to him since birth, she hadn't been able to flirt with other boys or men. Which meant her only validation for her self esteem came from the mirror or her late fiance.

They were usually blonds but definitely some

They all had gorgeous, tan skin and incredible

Marabeth didn't consider herself pretty. She knew she was passably attractive but her hair was too red and her skin too white. She had nice eyes but she suspected that most people were too overwhelmed by the color of her hair to notice her pretty blue eyes.

Sam's comment drew her back from her self recriminations about her appearance. "There's a game the American's play called twenty questions," Sam was saying and leaned against the concrete railing. "How about if you start?"

She immediately liked the sound of this game. It seemed like a wonderful way to get to know Sam without getting hurt in the process. "Do they have to be yes or no questions or can they be open ended?"

"Anything you want to ask."

"Good. What's your favorite color?" she asked.

"Blue, I guess. What's yours?"

"Yellow," she said with emphasis.

"Why?" something. magazine. dessert?" She thought about that for a moment. No one had ever questioned why she liked

They had just accepted it, then usually printed it in some newspaper or "Because it is a happy color, I guess. My turn. What's your favorite

"Anything with lemon in it," he replied easily. "What's yours?"

"Meringues." She thought for a moment about her next question. "Where's the worst place you've ever visited?"

"The jungle," he said without hesitation. visited?"

"What's the best place you've ever

"Washington, D.C. in the springtime." She took another sip of wine and considered her next question. "What's your most dysfunctional relative?"

Sam threw back his head and laughed. "Most dysfunctional, huh? Let me see. I have an Aunt who lost all her teeth. Every once in a while, she leaves the house without her dentures. It is a little shocking."

Marabeth grimaced. "That's all you got? An aunt with bad teeth?"

"No teeth, and yes, that's the worst I have. That I know of. I'm sure that some family member is probably locked in the closet each time I come near because he or she has drunken bouts of rage where they tell all the other family secrets. Unfortunately, because they are locked in the closet, I've never met them. What about you?"

She laughed at his response, warmed that he was sharing with her. "Now that you mention it, I have a cousin who gets drunk at almost every meal and starts singing show tunes."

"I bet he doesn't get invited to many political functions, does he?" Sam laughed.

"Actually, he is a she and no, not many." She turned away and walked along the patio, touching a bloom every few feet. "Your turn," she said.

"Mystery, romance or non-fiction?"

"Mystery, but I have to keep the lights on when I finish reading. And I secretly love reading a romance novel but don't let that out to anyone else. I won't even bother asking you."

"What would you guess I read?"

"Non-fiction, of course," she replied. "Why of course?"

"Because you would never unbend enough to read something nonsensical. Am I right?"

"Perhaps. So what's your question?"

"I'll throw one of yours back at you. What's the best thing you've ever done in your life?"

"Kissed you the other night," he said without hesitation.

"Oh," Marabeth said, her eyes looking into his intense gaze. Suddenly thirsty, she drank half her glass of wine. "Your turn."

"What's the worst thing you've ever done? And you can't throw my answer back at me," he chuckled.

Marabeth smiled at his quick retort. "That's a tough one," she said. "I suppose that would be the Christmas that I got mad at Ana and told her that father was selling her off to be one of Santa's elves and she'd never have any more presents."

Sam threw back his head and laughed at her comment. "And she believed you?"

Marabeth smiled but there was a catch to her expression. "If I remember correctly, she was seven and I was almost six. We weren't very nice to each other that year."

"I thought you two were good friends and sisters to each other. What happened that year that changed things?"

Marabeth smiled slightly before answering, here eyes took on a sad look as she remembered her shock when her parents sat the both of them down for a serious conversation after dinner one night. "She and I were both told we were betrothed that year. It was the first time we'd seen our future husbands and neither one of us were very impressed with them."

Sam noticed her somber expression and wanted to wrap her in his arms. He resisted, understanding that she needed space at the moment. And he wanted to get to know her more. If he touched her, he wouldn't want to stop. "That must have been difficult." He didn't move, but continued to lean against the cement railing as he watched her walk across the patio touching the flowers. He accepted the distance and even enjoyed watching her walk. She seemed to glide as she moved, as if her feet were barely touching the ground.

Marabeth nodded at his response. "It was awful." "I guess your sister found that Prince Erik wasn't so bad after all since they are about to have their first child together."

Ana rolled her eyes. "This time two years ago, I wouldn't have bet on it," she said.

"Another difficult period?"

"Yes. Very fraught with tension, it was. You wouldn't believe the uproar that occurred when Ana ran away with a stranger one weekend. My father was livid. We eventually found out that the stranger was actually Prince Erik. Neither one knew that the other was their betrothed at the time so it caused a great deal of tension within the palace."

"But everything went happily ever after?"

"So far," she chuckled.

Sam knew that they were veering off the twenty questions game but she was so open now, he wanted to find out everything he could about her. He liked listening to her talk. Her face held so much expression when she relaxed and shared with him. "What about Max? Why wasn't a marriage arranged for him?"

"I don't know," she said, shrugging her shoulders for emphasis. "We've asked our parents that but have never gotten a very satisfactory answer. I'd wager it has something to do with the fact that he is a male and my father therefore considers him more worthy of intelligence and careful planning. Therefore he'll choose someone well suited." Marabeth tried to hide the hurt and sarcasm from her voice, but she heard some of it slip out. "Women on the other hand, must be guided at all times for fear that they will irrevocably mess up their live, and everyone else's in the process."

"They let you choose this time, didn't they?"

She raised her eyebrows at his question. "Did they?"

"Yes. I spoke to your father and it was my understanding that they were just waiting for you to find someone you were interested in."

Marabeth turned her back on him, looking out into the dark night. "Let's not get into that again, shall we?"

Sam noticed the tension in her shoulders come back and was sorry for bringing up what was obviously a sore subject. But he wanted to know more on that issue. He wanted her to admit that she wanted him and that they could be happy together. He didn't understand her stubbornness. He was quiet for a moment before he said, "I'll reserve the conversation for a later time. But I think it is my turn for a question."

"Okay, shoot. What's your question?"

"How much do you weigh?" he asked.

Marabeth almost choked on her sip of wine. She sputtered for a moment before gasping, "My weight? You want to know how much I weigh?"

"Yes."

Marabeth eyed him carefully. "You already know. You're just testing me to see if I'll tell the truth, aren't you?"

"Just answer the question," he chuckled.

"One hundred and twenty pounds. Why in the world would you ask a woman what her weight is? That's something most women won't even tell their husbands!" She was laughing at his satisfied expression by the time she finished.

His eyes didn't reveal anything, but his smile was charming and could melt butter she suspected. He shrugged his shoulders before saying, "Just chalk it up to male curiosity, okay? What's your question?"

"How much do you weigh?" she threw back at him.

He walked across the patio, stopping just an inch or two from her body. "Two hundred and ten. Almost twice as much as you," he said. He loomed over her as he said it. "I'm starving. While you're coming up with your next question, how about if I let the waiters serve?"

"That's fine," she whispered, suddenly intimidated by his closeness for some reason. It was probably the way his eyes stared at her mouth, as if he wanted to kiss her rather than eat the delicious smelling dinner waiting for them.

Without blinking an eye, Sam took a step back, then raised one hand and, instantly, five servants appeared, placed various plates and serving dishes on the table already covered with white linen and candles, then just as quickly disappeared.

"Shall we see what's on the menu for tonight?"

"Sure, but I think this counts as one of your questions," she said and sat down in the chair he held for her.

"How so?" "You wanted to know what my favorite dish is. And now you're going to find out."

"Ah, but I didn't ask the question. I simply requested the food be served."

"Basically the same thing," she shrugged.

"I beg to differ," he said as he lifted the silver cover off both plates and looked down curiously. "No question was asked, therefore, I still maintain that I didn't ask it."

She laughed at his sidestepping of the finer points of the game. "Fine. Who's turn is it?"

"Well, if you don't know, I'll take the lead. Shrimp scampi," he smiled over his shoulder.

"Smells delicious, doesn't it?" she asked, taking her seat and waiting for him to seat himself.

"Sure does. What's your least favorite food?"

"Broccoli," she replied instantly. "No! Asparagus," she said nodding. "No...actually, cauliflower."

"Not a vegetable person, I'm guessing."

"Oh, I like vegetables. Just not all of them. But I absolutely hate those three and you wouldn't believe how many times those are served at functions I attend."

"Do you eat them?"

"Of course," she said indignantly. "I have to."

"Why is that?"

"Because it would be rude if I didn't."

"Are you always polite?"

"When it could cause a major political issue? Yes."

"How often is that the case?"

"According to my parents when I was growing up, every meal. Even at our own family meals, apparently."

Sam laughed. "You sound like you had a tough childhood."

"Oh, no. Don't get me wrong. I don't fall into that poor little rich girl syndrome. I know I had a great childhood. I got to do more things than the people I was reading about in the stories so I understood how great it was. But there are pros and cons to every situation. Having to eat my vegetables is one of the cons of being a princess," she laughed.

"What are some of the pros?"

"I got to visit places most people could only read about."

"Like what?"

"I've been to all the continents and almost every country in Europe. Not very many states in the United States, but I'd like to visit more of them. I've also been to Canada, Mexico, China and several other countries. How about you?"

"I've been to several places," he said and took a bite of shrimp. "Do you like to travel? Would you say that's the best part of being a member of a royal family?" he asked, steering the questions away from the places he'd traveled. He'd been to many of those same countries but not legally and not in any capacity that he'd be able to talk about. It was better that she not know about that part of his life.

"No. Not the best part," she said, thinking about her family and how tightly knit they were. "I think the closeness of our family is the best part. I know in other families, people tend to drift apart. But because we're so isolated from the rest of the world, we really focused on each other and drew strength from that bond. My brother still has dinner with my parents any night there isn't an event he or they have to attend. That's about three or four times a week in most cases."

"Isn't that to update the king on state issues?"

She nodded in response. "Yes, but there's more to it than that. And I'm sure, once he gets married, he'll back off that and will want to be alone with his family, but hopefully, we'll all bring that closeness to our new families."

Sam looked at the gentle woman across from him and his throat tightened at the idea of her bearing his children. His body instantly reacted to the image he formed in his mind of Marabeth growing large with their children, being there with her when she gave birth to them. He hoped she wanted a large family because he'd been an only child and didn't want to do that to other kids. He'd always missed having siblings. He liked the idea of sharing dinner almost every night, sitting down and each person discussing the events of the day.

"How many children do you want to have?" he asked, more curious than he wanted to admit to her answer.

Although the light was dim, Sam still saw her blush in the candlelight. "Um...well, I hadn't really thought about it."

"Why not? If you've always known you'd be married, I would have thought that would be an important decision that was made early in life."

She put her fork down and delicately wiped her mouth. "It was never really discussed before."

"Why is that?" he persisted. He could sense her desire to change the subject but that only roused his curiosity even more.

Marabeth looked off to the side of the veranda. She wanted to be completely honest with him but she feared that her honesty might reveal too much about her feelings for him. She suspected that he would pull it out of her one way or another so it was better to be completely honest with him up front. "Because I'd never really wanted George to touch me," she said softly.

Sam was silent, waiting patiently for her to explain that comment. But when she simply picked up her fork and took another bite, he realized that she wasn't going to elaborate. "And did he?" Sam asked, instantly furious at the man even though he'd passed away over two years ago. If he were still around, Sam knew he'd punch the man and then drag Marabeth out of his reach.

Marabeth shook her head, looking him straight in the eye this time and he saw the mischief immediately. "Not really. I did as much as I could to discourage that," she laughed.

Sam felt the tension leave his body with her answer. He didn't discount her musical laughter either. "How did you do that?"

She smiled and Sam again noticed the deviltry in her eyes. He'd always thought she was more sedate and controlled but he was discovering that she wasn't as passive as one might think. "I would wear awful clothes so he wouldn't want to be seen with me around his friends. And since he always wanted to be around his friends, that helped limit our time together significantly."

He raised one eyebrow, then his glance swept over her simple, chic outfit, admiring the way the sweater hugged her curves. "What do you mean? You dress beautifully."

Marabeth was looking down at her plate so she missed his glance or she would have blushed. Thankfully, she was blissfully unaware of his lascivious thoughts as she explained, "I would intentionally wear bright pinks or loud reds. Anything that would bring out my freckles and clash with my red hair. And anything that wasn't very fashionable or something that was extremely faddish. George was very conservative and didn't like anything trendy. He was an important member of the British Parliament so image was everything to George. His political aspirations were strong and he'd intended to run for Prime Minister at some point. So I'd go to great lengths to make sure I was at the very height of fashion no matter how garish it looked on me or if the occasion was inappropriate," she laughed.

"Sounds malicious. I guess I should be flattered that you aren't sporting a beret or something?"

Her eyes widened at his misassumption. "Oh, no. I just haven't figured out how to push your buttons," she teased. "George was easy. You're more complicated. I don't think you have any buttons to push. But I'm still searching!" she laughed.

He considered letting her live in ignorance, but he liked the way she was finally sharing with him so he decided to share a little something with her back. "You've found them," he grimaced.

"I have?" she asked, surprised. "What were they? I must have missed them."

He chuckled at her excited expression. He would only share so much. She'd have to work to figure out more if she really wanted to push his buttons. "Well, if you didn't notice, then I'm definitely not going to tell you," he joked.

She looked at him for a long moment then shook her head. "You're lying. You don't have any buttons," she said.

"Depends on what kind of button you're pushing."

Marabeth knew he wasn't referring to his temper now so she self-consciously dropped the subject. "I think it is your turn for a question," she said.

"I can't think of anything right at the moment so I'll defer to you, with the option of taking back the lead later," he said and nodded towards her as if he were giving her points.

As he ate another bite, Marabeth considered her options carefully. There were so many questions she wanted to ask him but she wasn't brave enough yet for those questions. They would be questions such as could he ever love her? Would he be happy being with her and not any other woman no matter how much prettier they were? Instead, Marabeth chose the benign "What were your mother and father like?"

Sam took a sip of wine before answering, trying to figure out how to define his parents which also meant defining his childhood which he'd never taken the time to do until now. "I guess they were normal parents."

"They couldn't have been too normal. They raised you to be pretty ambitious. What did they do for a living?"

"My mother was a doctor and my father a military man, just like me."

"I knew that, I suppose," she replied, having read about his father at least and his military career which was distinguished in the Cordova Air Force. was an airman, why did you choose the Army? It is more difficult. woman who dedicated her life to saving lives allow you to go into that kind of career in the first place?"

"But if your father

And why would a

Sam laughed. "I guess you need to know a little more about my parents to understand the answer to that question." He talked about his parents, about their love for each other but that they were separated much of the time. His mother was on call or working late with her patients while his father was out on missions with the Air Force. That was one reason why he was brought up in boarding schools. Also the reason why he was an only child.

"Was it a lonely childhood?" she asked, instantly sympathetic of the small boy who seemed to have been abandoned by parents who were more interested in their careers than in raising their son.

"I don't think so. Although I have nothing to compare it to. Most of my friends in boarding school were in the same situation so I didn't know any better. We had fun, ran around when we weren't supposed to but as long as I got good grades, my parents didn't punish me too much for my misdeeds. Or at least those I got caught at doing." He winked at her, "I became pretty good at stealthy missions in high school."

She knew he was trying to make her feel better but the idea of him living a solitary life with only his friends and without his mother's loving arms to comfort him when things got tough seemed to break her heart a little. For some reason, she wanted to wrap her arms around him and give him all the love and comfort he'd missed as a child. It was a ridiculous feeling, she told herself. The man was sitting across from her, obviously well adapted as an adult which wouldn't be the case if he'd been too neglected as a child. "Is that the way you want to raise your children?"

Sam smiled, looking at her intently, feeling warmed by the look in her eyes. "Since they will also be your children, why don't you answer that question first?"

"I think I want to know your position before I answer." "Well, since it is my turn for questioning, I'm taking the prerogative to demand an answer first."

Marabeth laughed but shook her head in response to his original question. "No. I won't let my children," she started, using the possessive pronoun since she wasn't able to think about having children with him yet, "be raised in a boarding school. I want my children here with me until they are ready to go off to university. Until then, they will be raised with other children around the palace or community and with lots of hugs and kisses and understanding."

"And discipline," he pointed out.

"Of course," she replied. should laugh and play. about protocol so often." "But that won't be the primary focus of the day. I think kids

They should be outside enjoying themselves and not worrying

He was thoughtful as he looked across the table at her. "Was that what your childhood was like?" he asked softly.

Marabeth hadn't meant to reveal something about herself and she felt awkward before she self-consiously laughed it off. "I had a fine childhood," she said.

He knew better. He could tell she was hiding something because her eyes were now shielded from his in a way that spoke volumes. He understood what she wasn't telling him. "But it was filled with protocol?"

Marabeth moved the food around on her plate, avoiding eye contact with him. "There were many reporters taking our pictures wherever we went. Sometimes it became awkward. But that's the life one leads when you're a royal, I suppose. It was difficult to avoid."

"Don't you think that's going to happen with your," he said and smiled briefly, "I mean, our children?" He'd heard the possessive pronoun when she was using it but wanted to make a point of the fact that they would be having children together. The sooner she accepted it, the faster they would move on to the better part of their relationship. He wanted her in his bed and just the thought of her there was making him ache.

Marabeth wriggled in her chair slightly. "First of all, I haven't agreed to have children with you," she said primly. "And secondly, I hope I can protect them from the press a little more. My father liked to show off his children. But I think I'd prefer a more private family life."

Sam wasn't having any of that. He wanted complete agreement on their marriage. Her words indicated she was still trying to wriggle out of their agreement. "You agreed to marry me," he said sternly. "Who do you think you're going to have children with if it isn't going to be me?"

Marabeth smiled. "I guess I found one of those buttons, haven't I?" she teased.

He didn't rise to her teasing, too frustrated suddenly to respond. "Yes. Now answer the question, Marabeth."

Marabeth put her fork down, fearing that he would see her suddenly shaking hand. "Sam, I still don't really know you. I don't know what you want from our marriage or what you're like when you're not being a commander. So no, I'm not going to answer your question. I don't know what the future holds and neither do you."

"He stood up and came around the table, watching Marabeth's eyes get bigger as he pulled her up and out of the chair. "I think you need a demonstration of what our marriage is going to be like," he said moments before his mouth descended onto hers.

Marabeth tried to evade his mouth but there was no time. His lips were hard at first but when she shivered with fear, he relented instantly and softened the kiss.

"Tell me you want me," he ordered.

"Sam..." she said, trying to think but his hands were holding her so closely that she could feel his reaction on her stomach. The hard confirmation of his erection both scared and excited her.

"Tell me," he said. "And don't play games, Marabeth. I can feel it in your body," he said and bent down to kiss her again. He nibbled on her ear lobe, then moved to her neck. "Tell me," he said, more softly this time.

"Sam..." she started again and this time, her arms wrapped around his neck and she sighed her surrender. "Yes, I want you but..." she wasn't given a chance to finish her sentence.

Sam picked her up and carried her down the hallway. "What are you doing?" Marabeth asked, horrified that someone would see them like this.

"I'm taking you to your apartment," he said and shouldered his way in. Leaning against the doorway, he looked down at her face again. "Tell me that again," he ordered.

Marabeth was too afraid of the look in his eyes. "I don't think I can when we're here." She said, her whole body trembling at the desire she saw in his eyes.

Sam noticed the fear and let her legs slip down his body. "Don't be afraid of me, Marabeth," he said and dipped his head to gently kiss her. His hands soothed her back, barely touching her as he controlled the urge to toss her onto her bed and make love to her with all the passion he was feeling. He knew she was feeling it as well. He could sense it buried deep inside her and knew it would just take patience to teach her how to let it go. But if there was one thing Sam was very good at, it was patience. He knew she hadn't seen very much of that so far, but he would take it slow tonight even if it killed him.

They stood there at her door, Sam leaning against the thick wood and Marabeth leaning against Sam. He didn't move other than to kiss her lips, his tongue moving inside her mouth, teasing her, enticing her to touch him back with her own tongue. When he felt her relax against him and her arms were finally around his neck, he slipped his hand underneath her sweater. He captured her gasp in his mouth, loving the way she felt in his arms. Her skin was so soft, so perfect, he thought, finding a small spot on her back that made her whimper in reaction and grip his shoulders harder.

Marabeth was feeling lightheaded and out of control. She wasn't sure what was going on with her body. All she knew was that he was making her feel hot, and wishing he would touch her. She reached up and her fingers found his neck, her fingers sneaking into the hair that barely touched the collar of his shirt.

Sam was having none of that. He quickly unbuttoned the top buttons of his shirt then slipped her hand inside, groaning as her fingers touched his overheated skin.

He lifted her up and carried her to her bedroom, kissing her the whole time, unable to pull away for even a minute. He lowered her to the bed, then stood up and pulled off his shirt, wanting her to touch all of him.

Once he was naked from the waist up, he bent down over her again, picked up her hand and placed it in the center of his chest, loving the way her fingers splayed out and gently touched his skin. "This is the way I want you to touch all of me," he said hoarsely.

"Really?" she asked, amazed that he would want that. She didn't have much experience about these things. Where most girls talked to others in school and learned such things, she had only had her sister. And neither had discovered much except through some books. So she honestly didn't have anything to go on except her imagination. "What next?" she asked, wanting to know more, feel more. Understand what was happening with her body. It felt like she was tightening up into a coil, ready to spring out and explode with the feelings developing inside her.

"This," he said and bent down to cover her with his body. His hands quickly divested her of her shirt, then her bra, then his naked chest covered hers. She gasped initially, having only felt this kind of contact once before and that had been too hurried and much too short before that phone call from her mother. This time, with Sam leaning over her, patiently waiting for her to explore and touch, feel, she was in awe. She loved these feelings and wanted to experience more.

"Now what?" she said, hearing her ragged breath. "Show me," she said, looking up into his eyes and pleading with him to show her what came next.

"This," he said and slowly unzipped the zipper to her slacks. He stood up and slid her shoes off, then her slacks, leaving her in just her panties. He stood, looking down at her, his eyes on fire for her slender figure. "You're beautiful," he groaned before putting a hand to his belt. He noticed her eyes widen and the fear came back. He leaned down and kissed her. "Marabeth," he said, looking deeply into her eyes. "Do you want me to stop?" he asked. He wasn't sure if he could at this point but he would try if she said no.

"I want to go on," she said, and her hand reached to help him undo his belt. He stood up and pulled his pants off, then his boxers, standing before her completely naked.

Marabeth took her fill of him, marveling in the amazing muscular strength of his perfect body. His arms were well defined and bulging with biceps and triceps. His shoulders had at least two inches more than the other men of her acquaintance, pounded with thick muscles as well. And the man's chest and stomach would make a sculptor drool, she thought, they were so hard and contoured.

She wouldn't let her eyes drop lower and he chuckled softly when her eyes snapped back to his, her face reddening in embarrassment. He leaned back over her, took her hand in his and pulled it against him. "Don't be embarrassed, Marabeth. I intend to touch you everywhere," he said. "So feel free to explore my body as well."

Marabeth gasped yet again when he lowered his naked body to cover hers. She wished she could be non-chalant about it but she just wanted to scream out with her need. It was a physical force now and when his mouth bent down to capture her nipple, she almost screamed out. Her hips moved and pressed against his while her hands went to his arms and shoulders, tracing the hard muscles in fascination.

When his hand moved downward, her legs closed up and her eyes snapped up, looking to him for reassurance. "Don't be afraid," he said and kissed her passionately.

Marabeth saw the sweat forming on his forehead and she understood he was exerting a great deal of effort to go slower for her. In response, she turned fully to him, closing her eyes and opening for him. Her reward was to find that his hands weren't made of flesh and bone but were actually magic.

Marabeth could no more contain her reaction to his fingers than she could stop the tides from flowing across the earth. With mounting pressure, Sam's fingers moved along her soft, slick folds until her breath stopped and she cried out her release.

The next thing she knew, Sam was moving over her, his manhood sliding inside her center and the tide started all over again. Her eyes were wide and there was only a moment of pain before he was fully embedded inside her. She watched the bliss pass over his face and then he started moving. There was no time for thought or even breathing as Sam took her to the pinnacle of ecstasy yet again.

Two days later, Marabeth walked to the breakfast table feeling like she was walking on a cloud. Sam had woken her with kisses the following morning and then made love to her yet again. It had been the most amazing experience of her life.

Unfortunately, or maybe it was fortunate, Sam had had to leave for the Cordova coast for a three day trip to plan out some secret military base. She didn't know the details. All she knew was that she missed him. And that her feelings were very confused about him.

How did she feel about the man? Why was she still holding back? Maybe because she didn't know how he felt about her. What were his real motives for wanting her? Did he really want her as a woman? Or did he want her as a princess?

She was sitting at her desk, staring out the window when Stacy announced that her brother was here to see her. Max walked into her office and Marabeth stood up. "What are you doing down at this end of the palace?" she asked, smiling a greeting to him. Since she'd first met Sam, she hadn't seen much of her brother. Probably because he and Sam were good friends and initially, Marabeth had been trying to avoid Sam. Now that she wasn't running away from him exactly, she'd been spending more time on her own, trying to figure out what she wanted from life. Just as she had been a moment ago.

"I've come to talk to you," he said, taking a seat on the opposite side of her desk. "I wanted to know what you have against Sam," he said without preamble.

Marabeth smothered a smile. "You mean besides the fact that he's one of the most arrogant and bossy men I've ever met? You and father not included." She could tell that her brother didn't like her teasing but perhaps it was because she wasn't really teasing him.

"I think you've mistaken his intentions," he countered.

"I don't think I have. He's asked father for permission to marry me. I think that makes things pretty clear." Stating that out loud made her realize one thing that was bothering her about her relationship with Sam. He hadn't ever really asked her to marry him. He'd just decided it was a good thing and then moved on to assuming she would fall in line with his opinion.

"He'll take very good care of you, Marabeth. He's a strong leader."

Marabeth sank back into her chair. "And I guess that's part of the problem," she said out loud.

"What do you mean?" Max asked, leaning forward, eager to listen. Marabeth understood though. Max was just like Sam and her father. When there was a problem, they felt it was their duty to fix it. It didn't matter if the woman was able to handle the problem on her own.

"I mean, I don't like being taken care of."

Max's confusion was evident. "But what do you want?"

That was the million dollar question, wasn't it? "I don't know," she said, sighing heavily.

Max leaned back again. "Do you love him?" he asked.

Marabeth laughed. "I barely know the man. I don't think I'm in a position to love him," she said, but a voice in the back of her mind was calling her a liar. She suspected that she really did love him. Unfortunately, she also wanted his love in return. And she didn't think there was any reason for him to love her.

Venturing into strange territory with her ever so proper brother, she asked, "Max, why do you think Sam wants to marry me? I mean, he could have any woman he wants."

Max raised an eyebrow as he took in the delicate beauty of his sister. Her red, flaming hair was her best asset but that was only because her soft, white skin didn't compete but complimented it. And her eyes! Good grief, he thought. His baby sister was a raving beauty. "You're kidding, right?" he asked, sure she understood her worth.

Marabeth shook her head. "No. I can see how marrying me would ensure his place within the Cordova government." Her voice was strong but her insides were sad. She put a bright face on it for her brother though.

Max smiled broadly. "Well, I know hearing this from your brother won't mean much to you, but you're very pretty, Marabeth." He turned his head to one side, considering her features. "Some might say stunning."

Marabeth was grateful for his compliment but he was right. It didn't mean much coming from him. She suspected that he was only trying to make her feel better. It worked, but it didn't help her to understand why Sam wanted to marry her.

"Listen, if you're thinking he's marrying you for title or position, or even your wealth, then forget it. You don't know Sam if that's what you're thinking. Sam is incredibly wealthy in his own right. Probably wealthier than you but no one knows his actual net worth. And it took a lot of convincing by father and me to get him to take this job. So I can pretty much guarantee that it isn't to maintain his place in the government. He'd be out of here in a heartbeat if we could find someone to do the job better than he could. But the fact is, he's the best man for the job. His changes are already being felt and I know he has a lot more to implement. If you don't believe me, just ask father or even better, talk to Sam."

Marabeth nodded, smiling her appreciation for his talk. "Thank you, Max."

"But you're not going to listen to me, are you?"

"I'll take your words into consideration."

"And marry him?"

"Maybe," she said tartly, smiling to ease the non-answer.

Max stood up, preparing to leave but he said one more thing before he left. "Don't doubt Sam, Marabeth. He's his own man. If he says he wants to marry you, there are no ulterior motives," he said.

Marabeth sat back and absorbed his words, turning to stare out the window again. What Max had said fit in with what she knew about Sam, but her whole life, she'd been the ugly duckling. So it still didn't make sense. Why, after so many years and horrible men like George rejecting her, would someone as handsome, charming and intelligent as Sam want someone like her?

Sighing, she picked up her pencil and forced her mind back on her work. She knew she had many things to research and, now that Sam wouldn't let her leave the palace, she had plenty of time to do that.

Thinking of the restrictions, she made a mental note to talk to Sam about them. She hated these silly, overly protective restrictions.

The three days without Sam helped her put her relationship in some sort of perspective. Sam was wonderful and, in the dark hours of the night, she knew she was falling in love with him. Without him here to muddy up the air, she was able to think more clearly and see that her feelings for him were deeper than she wanted, but they were what they were.

She also realized that she needed to get out of the palace. It was a huge building with offices on one end and the private wing on the other. It really was a complete city unto itself but that didn't mean she liked not being able to see other people.

So when Sam walked into her office three days later, she stood up and stopped him before he could give her a kiss in greeting. "Sam, what's going on?" she asked.

He stopped, took her hand in his and caressed the soft skin on her wrist. "What's going on?" he repeated. "You mean besides the fact that I'm about to throw you over my shoulder and carry you to your bedroom?"

Just the idea had her shaking with the need for a repeat of the night they'd spent together. Despite that need, she shook her head. "No," she said firmly. Taking a deep breath to clear her mind of the images of Sam naked again, she concentrated on her mission instead. "I want to know why I'm not allowed out of the palace. And when are the restrictions going to be lifted?"

Marabeth knew she was in trouble when the fire in Sam's eyes only intensified. "Do you know how sexy you are when you try and be firm?"

Marabeth's mouth dried up at the desire she saw in his eyes. "Sam, I'm warning you. Stop this right now," she said but her voice didn't sound very firm anymore. It sounded breathy, as if even now she was thinking about how wonderful it would be for him to take her into his arms. "I want some answers," she said.

Sam turned her hand over and kissed her wrist, sending sparks of fire along her nerve endings. "How about this for an answer...I want to take off that prim little silk shirt you have on and see what color underwear you're wearing. Then I want to peel the underwear off you and kiss you're beautiful breasts. After that..."

"Stop it," she demanded. But there was no heat in her voice. It was all in her veins. "You can't do this to me," she said. "It's the middle of the day."

"What difference does it make? I want to see you naked and writhing underneath me, feeling the same things I'm currently feeling," he said and took her hand to cover his heartbeat which was beating wildly.

"Sam, it is the middle of the day. We can't...."

He interrupted her but kissing her, hard, passionately. When he lifted his head, he looked down into her eyes, noting with satisfaction that she was feeling the same way. "Yes, we can. And if you don't come with me to your apartment, I'll turn around and lock the door and take you right here on your dainty little desk."

Marabeth could barely breathe. In fact, her breath was coming in small little gasps as her mind pictured exactly what he was suggesting. She wanted him to do just that but the more sensible part of her knew it would be a very bad thing if they were caught. "My apartment," she said and was almost yanked off her feet as he took her hand in his.

They were in her apartment within minutes thanks to Sam's ability to ignore several people's calls. Once there, he pushed her into her bedroom and told her to take off her clothes.

"But..." "Now, Marabeth," he ordered, tossing his tie onto a chair. His hand moved to the buttons on his shirt and she realized he wasn't kidding. It turned her on to have him watch her although she was thrilled by the idea. Could she do it? Her tongue licked her suddenly dry lips and watched as his chest was bared to her view. "You're not moving fast enough," he said and walked over to her.

With deft movements, he slipped her black, wool jacket off to the same chair now holding his own plus his shirt and tie. Then he stepped back and started with his belt. "Finish it," he demanded.

This time, his voice was hoarse so she knew he was feeling exactly what she was feeling. The bulge in his pants also told her that he was turned on. She reached behind her to release the button on her silk shirt, then slipped it over her head, taking the silk camisole with it. She then stood there, in only her white, lace bra. Her eyes looked over at him and saw that his hand was frozen on his belt as he watched her.

"Keep going," he said. His voice was softer this time but just as raspy. She did what he said, reaching for the zipper on her skirt, slipping it off and tossing it onto the chair again.

"Now what?" she said, standing there in only her bra, panties and thigh high stockings.

"You're bra. Take it off," he said.

She reached behind her and unclasped the lace nothing, tossing it over her skirt. "Now what?" she said, feeling the heat between her legs. She wanted him so intensely but she held back, knowing that he would probably think she was wanton if she did everything she wanted to do to him.

"Take off your underwear."

She reached for her underwear and almost pulled her stockings down as well. "No, leave the stockings on," he said.

When she slipped the underwear off and stood in front of him naked except for her stockings and shoes, she was so ready for him she wanted to reach out for him. But something held her back.

Sam was having none of that. He tossed his slacks and underwear over their stack of clothes, then came forward, taking her in his arms and lifting her against him. "Sam!" she called out, feeling as if she would explode.

"Touch me," he said, and she reached out for him, running her hands over his shoulders, her mouth finding his and her hands holding his head.

"Please," she said, moving against him frantically. "I want..."

"What do you want?" he asked, laying her down on the bed. "Ignore the princess and show me the woman," he said, leaning down over her, taking her nipple in his mouth.

"I can't," she said, arching her back, her nails running down his back.

"Yes you can. Let go of all your formality and show me the real Marabeth," he said, taking her hand and wrapping her fingers around his shaft. "Show me, Marabeth."

Marabeth needed no further prompting. She went wild, her fingers wrapping around him, pulling him closer and showing him that she wanted him inside her immediately. "Now, Sam," she said urgently, biting his ear and leaning up against him, guiding him into her. "Now!" she demanded.

Sam gave her what she wanted, moving quickly and smoothly, watching her face as he did so. He moved inside her until she was almost over the edge, then stopped.

"What!" Marabeth demanded. "Why?" she asked, whimpering and moving her hips.

"Tell me!"

"Please," she begged.

Sam couldn't hold back any longer. He slid back into her warmth, moving to give her the greatest pleasure. And when she fell over into her climax, he followed shortly after her.

"You're beautiful," he said. He pulled her into his arms and cradled her, then promptly fell asleep.

Two days later, Sam called her office. "Meet me in the garage in ten minutes. Wear jeans and sturdy boots if you have them, tennis shoes if you don't."

"Why?" she asked, still embarrassed about their lovemaking two days ago. She hadn't seen much of him recently except during dinner since he'd had meetings back to back since returning. But over the table while discussing something with her father or another guest, he would look at her. And she knew. He was thinking about their afternoon. With just that one look, he could reduce her to a mass of quivering need while her face flamed back to its red color. When she looked back up, she saw him smiling. One time, he had the audacity to wink at her.

She wasn't sure what she would have done if they'd been alone. Her two options were to either punch him and walk away in a huff of dignity and embarrassment, or to demand a repeat performance. Both options had benefits.

She put the phone down into its cradle and looked at her desk. There were piles of letters she should answer and reports to review. But she picked up her bag and shoved it all inside.

Walking out, she called to Stacy, "I'm going to be with Sam for a while. Take the afternoon off," she said and hurried to her apartment to change.

Stacy's face glanced up from her computer. She raised her finger in an effort to get Marabeth's attention. "But Your Highness, someone is trying to buy that property," she called out to Marabeth's retreating back.

"I'll look at it tomorrow," Marabeth called back, not even turning her head. The words registered but their meaning was lost on her. What property? And how could that be more important than the mysterious call from Sam? Obviously Stacy didn't know who had called, Marabeth smiled.

Fifteen minutes later, she arrived at the garage, breathless. Not because of the rush to get here on time but because of the anticipation of seeing Sam alone.

"You're late," he said and escorted her to a waiting black SUV. He was also wearing jeans and boots so it was a shock to her system to see him in something other than a formal suit.

"What's going on?" she asked, stepping into the passenger seat. She noticed that her body guards were getting into another SUV. "Why are we..."

"Trust me?" he asked.

"No," she laughed.

"Yes you do," he countered. "Just sit back and relax."

They drove to the mountains about forty five minutes away. He drove right up to a cliff, parked the truck on some grass, then jumped out.

Marabeth followed him, coming to the back of the SUV to see him pulling out equipment and spreading it out on the ground. "What's all this?" she asked, helping him to spread a large, triangular sheet of tough fabric.

"We're going hang gliding," he explained, popping the aluminum poles together expertly.

"Really?" she asked, bending down and handing him more of the poles. "Just the two of us?" she asked, noticing that her guards weren't right behind them anymore.

"The guards are at the bottom of the hill. This isn't a very high take off but for your first time, it will give you a taste of what hang gliding is like. If you enjoy it, we can go father."

She looked out over the cliff and squinted into the sun. "I'm going to jump off this cliff? Should I learn how to do this first?"

Sam chuckled at her concerned expression. "Don't worry. We'll do this together until you can handle a flight on your own. He popped the last of the poles together, then attached the sail. "Ready?" he asked, snapping the tandem harness onto the triangular glider rail.

"I'm not sure," she said, taking the helmet he handed to her. "Are you sure it is safe?" she asked, eyeing the bright yellow canvas suspiciously.

"It is with me," he said and walked up to her. He lifted her up with one arm so their faces were at the same level. "I promise I won't let anything happen to you, princess."

With that, he led her over to the glider, showed her the basics, then they walked to the edge of the cliff. Marabeth was terrified but unwilling to say anything to him. The feeling was thrilling and when they eventually took off, the feeling was beyond anything she'd ever thought it could be. Her eyes scanned the area above the trees, seeing only the forest below. There were deer that didn't even move since they didn't see or hear the glider one hundred feet above them. Their movements scattered a few birds but they were off in the distance and weren't overly concerned about the giant yellow bird flying towards them.

With Sam's expertise, their flight lasted over thirty minutes. When they started losing altitude, Sam expertly guided the glider to an open area, eventually skidding off to tree cover.

Marabeth stood up, threw off her helmet and looked at Sam. Her heart was beating violently and her body was still singing with excitement. She watched as he looked up at her, disconnecting the harness. "What did you think?" he asked.

Marabeth couldn't control herself any longer. She ran, leaping into his arms, not even concerned that he'd drop her when his strong arms closed around her. She kissed him, her mouth moving over his ears and neck, her hands tearing away his clothes, then touching the skin underneath. "Sam!" she said but it was more of an order than anything else.

He understood and immediately slipped his hands underneath her shirt, caressing her breasts and Marabeth threw her head back. "Now, Sam," she said. Marabeth stood up and slipped her jeans off. Then she straddled him, loving the feeling of his jeans underneath her. But he wasn't satisfied with that. He lifted her up and adjusted his own clothing and when he was finished, his hands circled her hips, sliding her down onto his erection. "Ah! Marabeth!" he said, his hands setting the pace as they quickly found their climax with each other.

When the feelings finally shuddered to a close, Marabeth collapsed onto his chest, her breathing still rapid and her eyes closed. Then the sounds of the forest filtered in. She heard initially the birds calling in the distance. Then the wind whispering through the trees.

Sitting up, she looked around her, her hands covering her face. "Oh my goodness," she said and climbed off of Sam. Frantically searching, she found her clothes and put them back on, turning away from Sam as she did so. Her eyes searched the forest for the first time, looking around to see if they were really alone.

"Marabeth, what's wrong?" Sam asked, coming up behind her and turning her around. She didn't answer, just buried her face in his now closed shirt.

"I'm sorry," she said, looking down at the ground when he pulled her away, trying to look into her face.

"Sorry for what?" he asked gently.

Marabeth looked up into his incredibly handsome face and shook her head, her hand waiving to the area behind them where she'd basically attacked him. "For....well, you know."

Sam's face changed from stunned confusion to amusement. Then she heard the chuckle deep in his chest. He hugged her close, shaking his head. "Let me get this straight," he started. "You're apologizing for having sex with me?"

"Well, no but for the way...." She sighed deeply, unable to continue. "Sam, I wasn't thinking," she said.

"I like you like that," he said, and put a finger under her chin, lifting her head so he could gently kiss her lips. "I like it when the princess goes away and all that's left is you. The real Marabeth."

She looked up into his eyes. "You're not horrified by my behavior?" she asked, her eyes hopeful.

Sam shook his head. "Definitely not. Save all your dignity and reserved manners for public, princess. When we're alone, I want the real you. The one who lets her guard down and shows me what's inside."

"What do you see?" she couldn't stop herself from asking.

Sam was stunned. She really didn't know what he liked about her. He could see the insecurity in her eyes and the need for reassurance. "I see one of the most beautiful women I've ever met in my life. Someone who has compassion and has dedicated her life to helping others through her role in the government."

"Is that all?" she asked, joking. His words were flattering and exactly what she needed to hear.

"No. That's not all. I think you're fun and witty and have a real sense of adventure if you'd just let yourself acknowledge it."

"And if some irritating man would let me out of the palace once in a while," she noted.

He didn't smile. In fact, he turned more serious. "You can come out with me anytime you'd like. I just have to be with you and it can't be for a formal function or appearance," he stated, not rising to the bait.

"And are you going to explain the reasons why?" she asked, tucking her shirt into her jeans and running her fingers through her hair. She knew they were alone now but eventually they would reach civilization and she didn't want any stray pine needles to give away their post flight activities to anyone she might run into later.

"I want you to trust me," he said, bending down to pick up the poles, breaking down the glider.

Marabeth considered arguing with him about that last point, but she was feeling incredible after their flight and the sex afterwards. Instead of picking a fight with him regarding the restrictions he'd place upon her movements, she shrugged her shoulders, deciding to bring up her arguments at a later time.

That night over dinner, Sam was again present as well as his defense undersecretaries and their wives, her brother, father and mother. Since the dinner was formal, Marabeth wore a simple, elegant dress made of white silk that cascaded over her figure. She wore a triple strand of pearls at both her neck and her wrists.

Sam watched her walk into the room and his body reacted instantly to her beauty. This afternoon, he'd had no idea that she wasn't completely aware of the incredible beauty she was gifted with. He knew that she hadn't been fishing for compliments since the anxiety in her eyes was real. A part of him liked that about her. She carried herself regally but she definitely wasn't vain.

He watched in fascination as she stepped over to her mother and father, saying something softly to them. Her mother nodded and smiled and then Marabeth came over to greet the others in the room. Despite his fascination with her, he was irritated that she didn't come over to him first. He was, after all, her fiance. Did she not know that he wanted to introduce her to all the men and their wives?

His irritation grew when she wouldn't even look in his direction. In fact, he suspected that she was deliberately avoiding him. He didn't know why, but he was damn sure not going to let it continue. pour him a glass of champagne. bourbon over to where she was standing. He watched her face the whole time, gauging what was going on inside her. He noticed that she stiffened when he slipped the glass in front of her, but she still wouldn't turn to face him.

He walked over to the bar and asked the bar tender to

When it was filled, he took it as well as his glass of

In response, he put an arm around her waist, showing to everyone that she was his. No way was he going to let anyone in this room not know his relationship with her. He didn't like some of the looks two of the men were giving her. She was being too effusive, he thought. They were getting the wrong impression.

Sam listened to the conversation, hearing the words but completely uninterested in where some turtles were nesting. It was obviously some sort of sightseeing tour Marabeth was trying to organize. He made a mental note to tell her later that the tour was completely out of the question. There was no way he was letting her out of the palace without him and a silly tour to the coast to view a ragged beach somewhere was definitely not in the agenda any time soon.

He shifted and started speaking to Jim Marco, his Undersecretary for the Air Force. Although he was having a separate conversation with Jim, he wouldn't let Marabeth move away from him. He kept her by his side while she spoke to Jim's wife, Becky.

When dinner was served, Sam was frustrated to find that he was not seated next to Marabeth. But as the dinner started, he realized that it was better this way. She was sitting directly across from him and each time he caught her eye, he would deliberately look at her in a way to make sure she knew what he was thinking. He was rewarded with a slight tinge to her cheeks on each occasion. He also liked the fact that she couldn't seem to keep her eyes from moving towards him. One time, when he knew she was trying hard to avoid eye contact, when she finally did look at him, his eyes moved slowly down her body, stopping at her breasts, then traveling upwards again. When his eyes glanced at hers again, her breathing was heavier and the color in her cheeks was deeper.

He loved knowing that he could affect her, even when he wasn't touching her. She was trying to be a princess and he'd allow it, but he wanted her to know she was also his Marabeth.

How could he! She slipped out of the sitting room where everyone was enjoying an after dinner drink or coffee. She was too angry to stay and chit chat with the other women who were in attendance for the night. And she was also afraid Sam would try more of his possessiveness out on her and she just wouldn't stand for it.

Marabeth was furious with Sam. Their engagement hadn't been announced yet. And if he kept this up, it definitely wouldn't. It had started when she'd walked into the sitting room and he'd walked up to her and put his arm possessively around her waist. He was all but claiming that she was his property.

She didn't want to be claimed. Not yet anyway. But as she slipped into her room that night and took off her evening dress, if she was going to be claimed by anyone, Sam was definitely the man she wanted the most. Reflecting on the other men in the room, she knew that Sam stood out, head and shoulders above the rest, both figuratively and literally.

With complete honesty, she knew that she loved the way he made her feel small and precious. And wanted. Boy, he'd definitely done that tonight. She remembered the way she'd felt during dinner when he'd stared at her breasts. If he'd asked her to leave the room at that point, she would have gone willingly. Marabeth smiled in the darkness. He made her feel loved, she thought. He'd never said the words and he probably didn't feel the emotion, but sometimes it didn't matter. She felt it and wanted to pretend it was true.

She was reaching out to take off her pearl choker when she heard a deep voice spoke up from the doorway. "Leave it on," Sam said.

Marabeth jumped a foot and swung around, searching for and finding him in the light coming into the room from the full moon through the large windows. She hadn't turned on any lights, knowing her way around even in complete darkness.

"Leave on the bracelet too," he said. His jacket was tossed over his shoulder and hanging behind him by his finger but he tossed it onto a chair.

"You were pretty bad over dinner tonight," she said, lowering her arms, leaving the necklace on. She watched him walk over to her, smiling at the arrogance in his walk. "You think your caveman tactics are a turn on?" she asked, looking up at him now that he was standing over her.

His eyes were heated and she could see the desire in his eyes in the darkness. "I know that you want me," he said, one finger running down between her breasts. He smiled as she shivered and his finger moved back up, circling her nipple but not touching it. "I know I want you."

"What are you waiting for?" she asked breathlessly.

Sam needed no further encouragement. He tossed his clothes onto the chair and then pulled her down beneath him on the bed. Marabeth went willingly with him, all thoughts of admonishing him for being so possessive falling from her mind as he entered her with swiftness. Her climax came just as quickly and she fell asleep, content, in his arms. Moments before her eyes closed, she told herself to make sure she talked to him about his behavior in the morning.

Unfortunately, she woke up alone the following morning. She looked around, noting the indentation on the other pillow. She didn't remember when he left but sighed, looking up at the ceiling in frustration.

He wanted her, that was something, she thought to herself as she pulled herself out of bed and headed to the shower. And she now accepted that he found her pretty, beautiful, even. He'd said so several times last night, not just with words but with the way he reacted to her. It was flattering, and she told herself that was enough.

But years of living under her father's domineering attitude and George's suffering presence and Marabeth knew that it wasn't enough. Her father had treated her and her sister Anna as if they were prized possessions. He showed them off to the crowds but he didn't really interact with his daughters. He knew that he was extremely important but she noticed that he always made time for Max.

And then George. Marabeth sighed and wished she could finally be rid of the man who had repulsed her so much. She didn't know what it was about him that had made her so against their union but from the first moment she'd met him at ten years old, she knew she'd genuinely disliked the man. George had been so full of himself and for no other reason other than the fact that he had been born into the aristocracy and would someday inherit a dukedom.

George hadn't worked a day in his life. He didn't even manage his own estates which had initially confused Marabeth and then horrified her. She had been raised to consider her position and title a responsibility as much as a gift. When she'd become and adult, she'd found a niche for herself in promoting worthy causes and fighting for the underdog. George had found a niche for himself but it was in the stores. George was a shopper. He liked to see and be seen and had hated being seen with Marabeth since she'd worn awful clothes.

Marabeth supposed that the reason she had such a low opinion of her physical attributes was because George, the one man who had been permitted to date her since they would eventually marry, had disparaged her so constantly. He would flirt with waitresses right in front of her. It hadn't bothered Marabeth though. She had her own ways of dealing with the useless man.

So when Sam started treating her like a possession, although a prized one this time, but one without a head on her shoulders, Marabeth didn't want to let her self esteem go. She'd had enough of it from George doing it overtly and her father doing it subtly.

She looked at her desk and saw the note. It was from Sam. It was simple enough, letting her know he would be gone for another few days but he promised her something when he came back.

Marabeth smiled slightly. He was sweet. And very kind. But all of it wasn't enough. She wanted the whole thing. She wanted love and respect. Not just desire and one sided trust.

Three days later, Marabeth again picked up the phone. Sam was back and she was eager to see him, but not sure exactly how she was going to initiate the conversation she needed to have with him. She still hadn't been to the palace designer to choose her wedding dress. Her mother had told her the choice needed to be made immediately but Marabeth was holding back until after she had the conversation with Sam. If he didn't understand, then the whole wedding idea was off.

"Are you decent?" his deep voice asked through the phone.

Marabeth smiled, despite her intent to talk with him. "Yes. Sorry about that," she said, tapping the pencil against the papers on her desk.

"Want to go for a ride?" he asked mysteriously.

Marbeth was instantly sidetracked. She remembered the last time he'd suggested an adventure and the way it had ended. "What did you have in mind?"

"Get on a pair of jeans again. No, we're not going hang gliding again. Not this time," he said before she could question him. "But I think you'll like this just as much."

Marabeth hung up the phone, completely forgetting her intent to have a talk with him yet again. She rushed from the office, scribbling an note on the absent Stacy's desk before rushing down to her room to change. She pulled on a pair of jeans and tennis shoes, topping the outfit off with a simple, flannel shirt since there was a slight chill to the September air. Already, she could feel her stomach fluttering in anticipation of seeing Sam. She wished she could tell herself it was because of whatever adventure he was going to take her on, but she knew she'd be lying.

Marabeth's stomach tightened when she entered the garage and saw Sam. He was wearing a pair of jeans again and she admired the incredible sight of him in the apparel. He could model for them, she thought to herself. If Calvin Klein could see Sam Montrose in a pair of jeans, the man's butt would be plastered all over magazines and billboards worldwide. She suspected sales would jump dramatically. At least her pulse did, she thought.

"Ready?" he asked, pulling her into his arms for a hard kiss before releasing her. He guided her to the passenger seat of the same black SUV they'd traveled in for the hang gliding adventure. Her guards piled in behind them and Marabeth waived to them excitedly. She hadn't seen them much lately since she wasn't permitted yet to leave the palace.

The afternoon was bright and sunny with just a small chill to the air. Marabeth slipped on a pair of sunglasses as Sam drove out of the capitol city and into the mountains once again. He didn't drive to the cliff as he had last time though. He drove to a quaint house looking out over a picturesque valley. In fact, he drove right into the garage, turning off the engine.

"Come on princess," he said and got out of the car.

Marabeth climbed out and walked around the SUV, wondering what was going to happen next. She didn't have to wait long. Inside the garage was another small, vintage car but there was also a motorcycle. Sam climbed on top, then tossed her a helmet. "You're stalling, princess," he said as he strapped on his own helmet.

"I don't remember this being one of my prerequisites," she said, smiling eagerly as she snapped the chin strap in place. She then swung her leg over the back of the motorcycle only moments before Sam turned the key, revving the motor. Marabeth had moments to grab onto Sam before he sped out of the garage, leaving her body guards lounging near the bottom of the hidden driveway. She waived to them as she passed, a silly, broad smile on her face.

Sam drove her around the mountain streets, going fast around the curves and initially, she was nervous, hanging onto his back and pressing herself against him. But once she understood that he really knew how to ride a motorcycle, she let herself be thrilled with the ride. Halfway through, he stopped and pulled over to the side.

"Come on," he said and leaned back. "Ride in front of me," he suggested.

Marabeth licked her lips, and her excitement increased tenfold. Up front? Where the wind would be whipping through her hair, directly into her face? She wouldn't have Sam to protect her and hid her face in the sharp curves. The idea definitely appealed to her and she moved quickly to climb in front of him. She also liked the mischievious look in his eyes. What was he up to? She couldn't wait to find out.

"Okay, sir. Ready when you are," she said.

"I know," he said, loudly enough so she could hear him through the helmet.

He was off with a slide of the rear wheel, and her hands, which had been resting on her legs, moved to his thighs, gripping them painfully at first, but then relaxing slightly, only tightening when the curves were tight or he sped up on the straight ways.

He turned around after about an hour and the ride back to his house was slower. That was because his hand moved from the brake, to rest on her thigh, moving higher occasionally. It was so erotic, the feeling of the speed and the danger plus Sam's hand moving along her body, resting close to the juncture of her thighs. Her whole body was tingling with awareness and need when he pulled into the garage.

She jumped off the motorcycle and, just as she had with the hang gliding, she wanted to rip his clothes off. Sam carried her into the house, her legs wrapped around his waist. She was stripping him of his clothes while he walked, opening and closing doors.

Thankfully they were in his house this time but even if they hadn't been, Marabeth was so turned on, she didn't care. She just wanted Sam, inside her, moving in her.

They only made it to the kitchen before he stopped, putting her on the counter. He quickly removed her clothes and then set her on the island. "Lean back," he ordered.

Marabeth was beyond arguing. She needed him and the fastest way she figured she'd get him was to follow his commands. She leaned back, closing her eyes as his hands stroked down her body. She gasped as his fingers touched her thighs and she automatically opened for him. The next thing she knew, his mouth was closing on her and the feeling was too intense. She sat up, pulling his head back with his hair. "I can't," she cried out.

But Sam was having none of that. "Lean back princess," he said. "Or I'll stop," he threatened. His hand moved slightly and she groaned in her throat. She obeyed simply because she had no alternative. Leaning back, she held her breath in anticipation and wasn't disappointed. His mouth came back to her, his tongue flicking through the folds while his fingers moved inside her. "Let go, Marabeth," he ordered. "Let it happen," he encouraged.

His words removed the last barrier to her release and she shivered, crying out as the orgasm hit her head on. A moment later, she was lifted in his arms and carried into the family room where he sat down, moving her so she was straddling him.

Marabeth needed no more encouragement. She took him fully inside her, her eyes dilating with the passion he could give her with his touch and his body. She started moving, slowly at first, then gauging from the look on his face, she moved faster until she knew he was about to reach his own orgasm. But he slowed her down, leaning her back again and using his hands to help her come once again. It was even more powerful than the last time and a small tear rolled down her cheek at the pleasure he was able to give her.

They didn't say a word for a long time. Eventually, he got up and started a fire, then put a movie into the DVD player. He wrapped them up in the blanket that had been resting on the back of the sofa and they snuggled together as the movie went on.

Afterwards, she had no idea what movie played. All she heard was Sam's heartbeat and felt his hands touching her softly along her arms and back.

He made her dinner which consisted of sandwiches, which was the only thing in the refrigerator, and a bottle of wine. She showered and dressed while he made the sandwiches. While they ate, he told her stories about vacations in this house, how he'd sneak away from school with his friends and spend the weekend here without his parents' knowledge. Until one weekend they were caught.

"What happened?" she asked, laughing at his grimace.

"We had extra homework each weekend for about a month," he laughed. "My parents thought that, since I didn't have enough to do at school, they'd make sure that changed. There were five of us that weekend. So all five of us spent the next four weekends in the library cranking out reports on various subjects."

"Poor baby," she laughed, not really feeling sorry for him. "And what happened to the girls?"

Sam looked down at her smiling face and shook his head. "I didn't mention any girls."

Marabeth laughed. "You didn't have to. It is pretty much assumed with you. And I'm guessing birds of a feather and all so your friends all had girlfriends as well, didn't they?"

Sam nodded. "Their parents were notified and they were punished but we weren't told what happened since their parents forbade us to contact them again."

"And did you?" she asked, wondering if he would fly in the face of direct orders or not.

"No."

Marabeth gasped in mock horror. "You just let the girls flounder? What if they were really hurt by their punishments?"

Sam shook his head. "Since they were the ones that bragged that they were coming with us, therefore the headmaster of their school notified everyone else, at the time, I didn't care if they were punished."

"And now?"

"And now, if they did it again, I'd probably punish them myself," he said.

"You're awful," she said.

"We'd better get back."

"You're right," she said and pulled on the coat he offered to her. They drove back in silence, Marabeth thinking about the subject she really needed to talk to him about but wary of disrupting the companionable silence that had grown between them.

Back at the palace, he kissed her goodbye. "I wish I could spend the night in your bed," he said. But it was already well past midnight and he knew that servants gossiped. "But I'll leave you until tomorrow."

Marabeth nodded. She was exhausted and smothered a yawn. "Good night," she said and turned towards her room. Then she remembered what she wanted to talk to him about and turned back. "Sam?" she called out to his back. He stopped and turned back to her.

"Whats' up princess?:"

Marabeth frowned, understanding that he called her princess when she was being more formal but only Marabeth when they were intimate. Or if he was encouraging her to let go and be more free with their intimacy. That thought bothered her. Didn't he understand that she was both people? It was an entire package. "Will you meet me for lunch tomorrow? I need to talk to you," she said.

Sam looked at her serious expression. Then nodded. "Anything you say."

She turned back and headed into her rooms. Suddenly, she was wide awake, working out how she would tell him about her concerns over lunch. She stayed up late that night, working through the conversation, trying to come up with what he might argue with. It was almost dawn when she finally fell asleep.

Rushing into her office the following morning, Marabeth was out of breath. It was almost ten o'clock and she was embarrassed to be just walking in at this time of the morning.

"Good morning, Your Highness," Stacy said, her bright smile dimming slightly when she saw the dark circles under Marabeth's eyes. "Uh oh. Late night with our venerable Minister?" she asked.

"Not really," Marabeth replied. It wasn't the late night with Sam that had her in this condition. It was her sleepless night.

"Need some coffee?" Stacy asked.

"That would be wonderful," Marabeth said, grateful for her secretary who was amazingly efficient as well as sensitive. "I'll be in my office. Can you bring in the latest correspondence?" she asked.

"Sure thing," Stacy Marabeth's coffee.

said, heading towards the small little kitchen to get

A few minutes later, Stacy set the coffee down on Marabeth's desk and the new letters in the middle. "Your Highness?" Stacy questioned when Marabeth just continued to look out the window.

"Oh!" Marabeth jumped. She glanced down at her desk, noticing the coffee and letters. "Thank you Stacy."

When Marabeth didn't immediately dive into work, Stacy sat down on the chair in front of her desk and waited. When a few more minutes passed and Marabeth still didn't give out her usual morning instructions, Stacy cleared her throat.

Marabeth glanced at her secretary and flushed. "Sorry, Stacy," she said and looked down again. She listelessly sifted through the envelopes but nothing really appealed to her. Finally, she glanced up and just shook her head. "I'm not sure exactly what I'm doing," she explained.

Stacy relaxed her pencil hand and looked encouragingly at her boss. "Are you talking about right now? Or are you talking in general?"

"In general," Marabeth confirmed. "Why do you think Sam wants to marry me?" she asked.

Stacy smiled in a motherly way. "Who cares?" she laughed. "He's gorgeous, charming, tall, handsome, funny... and did I mention gorgeous?" she giggled. "Not to mention he has the hots for you."

Marabeth nodded, sure of all those things. "But deep down, what's the point?"

Stacy wasn't sure what to say. "I don't know," she said. "I do know that your mother phoned to see if you had an appointment with the designer and when I said no, she told me to schedule one for you and make sure you went. I wasn't aware that you were having second thoughts about this."

Marabeth nodded sadly. "Second, third and fourth thoughts about it."

Stacy was confused. "I don't know why. If a man like Sam Montrose wanted to marry me, I'd be all over him like green on a leaf. That man couldn't run fast enough to get away if he ever proposed."

Marabeth laughed at Stacy's analogy. "I guess I'm making too much out of this, aren't I?"

Stacy shook her head. "No. If something inside you is telling you that something is wrong, then there is," she said emphatically. "And you shouldn't listen to silly old women like me who are telling you to ignore that."

Stacy stood up and started walking out of Marabeth's office. "Talk to him and find out what is wrong. He's a smart man and he can help you get through this, I'm pretty sure."

Stacy closed the door softly behind her, leaving Marabeth with her own thoughts. Stacy's advice was exactly what her mother had advised her to do several weeks ago. The problem was, each time she tried to talk to Sam, the sex got in the way. Did he do that on purpose? She wondered? It was possible, but she doubted it. The chemistry was too intense to ignore on her part and she liked thinking it was the same with him. She needed to think that. She didn't like the idea that it was one sided. It gave him too much power and he already had too much as it was.

Marabeth was pushing herself to get through the correspondence that had been piling up lately. She was reading a story about a boy and his dog when Sam stormed into her office unannounced.

She looked up, then glanced at her watch. "Sam? What are you doing here? I didn't order lunch to be ready for anther hour."

She looked at him warily as he locked the door behind him. "You haven't been to see the designer about your wedding dress," he said. It wasn't a question. Somehow, Sam knew that she'd been avoiding it.

Marabeth laid the letter down on her desk. "You're right."

"I want to know why, princess," he said, leaning over her desk, his palms planted firmly in the middle as he looked into her eyes, daring her to lie to him.

Taking a deep breath, she leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms over her chest. "This is what I wanted to discuss with you over lunch."

"Well, I'm here now. Let's discuss it," he said but didn't move. "Explain to me why the one thing that you're responsible for doing for our wedding has not taken place. You're not getting out of it, Marabeth," he said. His voice wasn't loud but she could tell he was furious.

"Sam, you're not going to boss me around anymore," she said. She didn't want to be, but she was beginning to be intimidated by his anger.

"I've never bossed you around, princess."

"And stop calling me princess as if I'm some sort of fake!" She stood up and leaned across her desk, glaring right back at him. "The reason I haven't ordered my gown is because I'm tired of you thinking you can order me around. I'm not a doll or one of your employees or soldiers, dammit! I'm your fiancee!"

"Damn right you are! So what's this nonsense about not ordering your gown?"

Marabeth walked away from her desk, taking some files from the top to place in the bin Stacy would pick up to file away. "I haven't decided to marry you, Sam."

"Like hell!" he said and grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him. "You can't walk away from what we have?"

"Yes I can!" she snapped back angrily. She pulled herself out of his arms and took a step away. "In point of fact, you've never even asked me. So there wasn't a question for me to answer. But since you've gone about assuming my agreement, I might as well tell you that I don't like the fact that you don't respect me."

Sam was silent. She leaned over and picked up more papers from her desk but when she tried to stand up, she found that Sam was leaning over her, his chest against her back. And damn if he didn't feel good. She tried to push those thoughts aside but his hands slipped around her waist. "Are you trying to tell me you don't like me touching you?" he asked, his hands slipping under her silk shirt, his fingers finding her nipples and teasing them to life.

The papers she'd been holding fell out of her hands and she had to lean against her desk as the desire slammed into her system. "Sam, don't..." she said but there was no anger in her voice. And no real conviction.

"Don't what?" he asked, pulling her skirt up to her waist. "Don't show you how much you're body wants me? Don't show you that we are made for each other?"

His hand tore her soft, silk and lace underwear away from her body. He dropped them into his pocket, loving the feel of her without underwear. His hands slipped between her legs and he whispered in her ear. "You want me, Marabeth, don't you?"

She could no longer take it. She needed him furiously. His hands were caressing her, finding all her pulse points and reducing her down to a quivering mass of need. "Yes. Please Sam," was all she could say. It wasn't a lie.

"Tell me you'll order your wedding dress this afternoon. Order something soft and feminine, Marabeth," he said.

"Yes, anything," she said. "Please," she begged.

Marabeth heard his zipper slide down, then felt his hardness slide into her. He reached around, one hand covering her breast while the other teased her clitoris. It was too much too fast. She couldn't stop herself from climaxing, her head thrown back against his shoulder and she had to smother her cry for fear of someone outside her office hearing. The last thing she wanted was for her staff to find her like this.

When the shivers finally died down, she caught her breath and moved away. She didn't even realize that her underwear was missing in her haste to get some space between her and Sam.

"I have a meeting," he said, standing up and moving away, But not before he took her into his arms and kissed her. "Get your dress ordered. I'll see you at lunch in an hour," he said. Without another word, he left her office.

She walked over to her chair and sat down. Fell down, was more like it. As she stared at the closed door, her anger welled up inside her. She didn't blame him completely. He was definitely taking advantage of her body's reaction to him but she blamed herself for being so vulnerable to him.

Yes, she could marry him and have a completely satisfying sexual relationship with the man. But then what? Would he still treat her like a silly little girl unable to make decisions by herself?

She fumed for the next hour, unwilling to go to his office and find him before their appointed time. She walked steadily towards the dining room, glad that she'd ordered lunch to be served there, instead of in some place more private. In the dining room, there would be servants only one doorway away.

Sam walked in reading a report and giving instructions to the man hastily writing notes behind him. When he saw her, standing by the window with her arms crossed over her chest, Sam quickly handed the report to his assistant and dismissed him.

He knew he'd made a mistake earlier today. But he'd been so furious to learn that she was still resisting making their relationship permanent. He wanted her physically but he also wanted everyone else to know that she was his. And his alone.

He stood in front of her, hands in his pockets and looked down at her furious face. "I'm sorry," he said.

All of Marabeth's anger seemed to drain out of her. Her shoulders lost their tension and she smiled tentatively at him. If he was willing to make a small concession, she should be big enough to do it as well.

"Thank you," she replied.

"You wanted to talk to me," he said.

"Yes. Are you hungry?" she asked.

"Starving. But I want to hear that you made an appointment with your dress designer first."

Marabeth laughed. "What exactly are you sorry for?"

"For making you angry. Nothing else."

"Not even for the possible embarrassment if someone had walked in?" she asked, amused despite herself.

"I locked the door."

"So it was a premeditated attack."

He shrugged his shoulders slightly. "I knew I was angry and didn't want to be disturbed. I didn't know how I was going to try and convince you but..." he shook his head. "Don't deny that you didn't like it," he countered.

She sighed. "That isn't the point, Sam."

"What's the point?" he asked, pulling back her chair for her.

Marabeth took her seat, then waived to the servants who were waiting with their lunch. When they disappeared again, she picked up her fork, trying to decide the best way to approach the subject.

"First of all, I want to lay the ground rules for this conversation."

Sam took a bite of the broiled salmon and nodded his head. "Okay, what are they?" She was talking to him. That was more than he'd expected when he'd first walked in a few minutes ago. If she'd continue to talk to him, he'd do just about anything. Except letting her go.

Taking a deep breath, she started her rehearsed speech. "First, you can't touch me. I want to talk and well...whenever you start touching me, we stop talking."

Sam considered that for only a moment and then nodded his head. "Agreed. As long as I can touch you after you're done talking."

Marabeth drew in a shaky breath. "If you still want to, then I'll be happy to be with you, tonight," she emphasized.

"What are your other conditions?" he asked, not agreeing to the time table she was setting up. He wanted her right now. He had her underwear in his pocket and had been thinking about it during the past hour. Just the thought that she didn't have any underwear on was driving him insane with lust for her.

Marabeth considered her conditions met and continued on. "I want you to really listen to what I have to say and not just sweep my issues aside as if they were insignificant. I understand that you might think they are silly but they are important to me and I want you to treat them with that same amount of importance."

"I never sweep your issues aside," he countered.

"Yes, you do, Sam."

"Fine," he snapped, not liking the fact that she thought he didn't respect her.

"Good enough," she said. She picked up her fork and played with the food on her plate, not really interested in food anymore. She hadn't had any breakfast but she still wasn't hungry. Not with all the emotions running through her at this time.

Taking a deep breath, she started off, "Sam, I know you aren't in love with me now, but I want to know if there could ever be a time when you could at least respect me."

"What the hell do you mean?" he demanded. "Of course I respect you."

She noticed that he didn't say he loved her. Feeling slightly defeated, she persevered. She'd known he wasn't in love with her. It was just confirmation that her intuition was correct.

"And why do you think I don't love you?" he asked.

Marabeth smiled wistfully. "Because you've never said you're in love with me. But don't worry. I don't expect you to be in love with me," she said.

"Dammit, Marabeth! You're being ridiculous. Why in the world would I want to marry you if I'm not in love with you?"

"Regardless of your romantic inclinations, I want to have your respect," she said, not willing to argue with him on that point.

"I do respect you."

"No, you don't. Respect means that you trust me. You don't trust me yet. And I need to know how I can earn your trust."

"Marabeth, you don't need to earn it, it comes with the territory."

"Then why won't you tell me what is going on with my security? Why do you brush off all discussions that have any kind of importance to me?"

Sam calmed down, taking note of the anxiety on her face. She cared. That was evident. And she wanted him to see something which meant she cared deeply. If she didn't care, she would treat him like she had her former fiance and he'd just be a burden to her. That thought calmed him down to the point where he really could listen to her. Leaning forward, he started eating lunch, suddenly ravenous and looking forward to tonight when he could take her into his arms again. "When the security issue is resolved, then you can go about to all your usual functions. The rest I can only show you that I respect your work and the things you're accomplishing by ensuring that you're safe when you do them. And as for loving you, you're in love with me but you've never said so yourself, have you?"

Marabeth blinked, surprised by his comment. Was she in love with him? The crushing realization was true. She was in love with him. Desperately so. It wasn't just the sex. She loved even his arrogance although she wished it wasn't at the expense of the things she considered important.

"Yes, I love you." She shook her head. "But I won't go into a marriage with someone who doesn't respect me," she said. dealt with it then. But I didn't love George. without respect."

"I had that with George and would have Since I do love you, I won't marry you

"What do I have to do to prove that I respect you?" he asked, feeling very confident and wonderful at the moment. She'd admitted that she loved him. That was half the battle, wasn't it? More than half he thought.

"Like I said, you have to respect the things I do and learn to trust me."

"Fine. I'm not sure how we'll go about doing that, but give me a chance and send me some signals and I'll do my best," he said.

Marabeth thought that was a good enough start. She smiled, feeling butterflies in her stomach. "Okay then."

"Good. Will you come to my house tonight? I'll cook for you," he said. "And you can tell me what you've done today."

Marabeth had to laugh. She knew what was on his mind and it wasn't her daily activities, which he knew inside and out because he read about them in the daily reports. "Fine," she agreed.

Sam took another bite, then stood up. "I have to go if I'm going to be finished at a reasonable hour. I'll meet you in the garage at seven?" he asked.

"Seven o'clock," she agreed.

He was almost to the door to the dining room when he stopped and turned back. He walked back to where she was still sitting at the table and bent down to kiss her. "Thank you for talking to me," he said, then winked at her. "And would you please go get a dress for our wedding?"

Marabeth laughed, feeling good now that he had thanked her. "Yes. I believe Stacy made an appointment for me with the designer this afternoon."

"Good."

The next two weeks were the most magical of Marabeth's life. She spent the day working in her office and had meetings brought to the palace since Sam still didn't think it was safe enough for her to leave. But the evenings were spent together. They ate dinner every night although sometimes it was late. Sam asked her about her day and she shared her concerns with him about some of the charities that popped up. And when he offered to look into them for her, she rejected his offer telling him that she had her own ways of researching the organizations. Wonderfully, he accepted that and even more, he shared his day with her. She found that he was truly a visionary when it came to the military and the various needs of the forces. He had some wonderful changes he'd like to make but also knew the hurdles he'd have to overcome in order to implement those changes.

Marabeth thrived through those two weeks. She had several fittings for her wedding dress which was going to be beautiful with a fitted bodice and a flowing, chiffon skirt that skimmed the floor with sparkling beads embedded in the folds of the chiffon. There was a long train that would accompany her down the aisle but would be taken off for the reception so it didn't get in the way. Her veil was made of the lightest tulle and had the same sparkling beads sewn into the folds as well as the skirt.

She felt like she was on top of the world and if Sam didn't say he loved her again after their one lunch, she dismissed it as unnecessary. All she wanted was his respect and that would be enough. At least she tried to convince herself of that.

Stacy stood in the doorway to Marabeth's office, obviously not wanting to interrupt Marabeth's train of thought. But the issue couldn't wait any longer.

"I'm sorry to interrupt, Marabeth, but..."

Marabeth stood up and watched her secretary warily. "What's wrong?" she asked, knowing it wasn't good news if Stacy's body language was any indication. The woman wouldn't even come into the room but stood outside the doorway.

"I was curious about the changes that the new Minister might start imposing," she said hesitantly.

"And?" Marabeth asked absently. She didn't really want to talk about Sam. He'd been on her mind too often lately and she really wanted to stop thinking about him.

"Well...it seems that he is asking for permission to build a new Air Force base on the west coast," she said.

Marabeth laughed. "Not near the wetlands," Marabeth joked. Marabeth had a pet project of her own and that was to save the wet lands on the west coast from further devastation due to over building. Too many of the beaches were being taken over by commercial enterprises that ignored environmental concerns. Her father wasn't very concerned about the environment either but she'd adopted an area that had yet to be touched and was still relatively pristine, ignored by developers as being too far out to stir much interest.

"Um..." Stacy started, lifting a bound manual higher in her hands, "that's actually exactly where they want to build the airport."

Marabeth looked up from the letter she'd been reading. "Are you kidding?" she asked, sitting up higher in her chair.

"No. I wish I was."

"Well, they can't do that. We're just about to get that land designated as a national resource for wetlands."

"But it hasn't been yet," she said, walking hesitantly over to Marabeth's desk to hand her the bound papers. "I'm sorry," she said and walked quickly out of the office.

Marabeth read through the words that basically condemned the wetlands from preservation. "This can't be happening," she said, putting her head in her hands and reading through the rest of the proposed changes to the defense of Cordova. This was a classified version of the proposal so Marabeth was able to see more details than most others would see.

"Don't worry, Stacy," Marabeth said calmly. "I'll just talk to Sam and let him know that this area is not a good site and would have a devastating impact on the environment. Besides, there's another area only five miles away that would probably be just as useful and is already paved because of an old shopping mall that had been proposed about five years ago."

Marabeth walked down the hallway to Sam's office and smiled at Jerry who was busily typing on the computer when she walked in. "I'm sorry to just barge in like this but is the Minister available to talk?" she asked, smiling at the young man.

"I've been told to interrupt whatever the Minister is doing for you, your highness," he said and picked up the phone.

"No, I don't want to interrupt him if he is in a meeting."

"He's not," Jerry shook his head. "He's been going through correspondence," he explained.

A moment later, Sam came out of his office and smiled broadly at Marabeth. "What are you doing here? Come on into my office," he said and stood aside so she could precede him into the larger office.

"Thanks," she said and smiled as she passed by him. Marabeth concentrated on what she'd come here to say and not on the magnificent man standing in front of her, impressively dressed in a well tailored business suit.

"What's up, princess?" he said and pulled her over to the sofa by her hand. "Or is this a social call?" he teased.

"Not really," she grimaced.

"I knew that," he laughed but pulled her into his arms and kissed her hard anyway. "What's on your mind?"

They settled onto the sofa and Marabeth had to shake her head and concentrate on her mission. She had trouble remembering what it was and had to shake her head slightly when she realized she was just staring at his handsome face.

"It's about this base you're proposing on the west coast," she started off.

"What about it?" he said.

"I was hoping you'd consider not doing it," she said.

"Not a chance. That side of the country is severely vulnerable." "Then how about an alternative site," she said, not losing hope.

"No way. That stretch of land juts out into the sea and gives us a much better view and maneuverability than any other site on that side. Why? What's so special about that barren stretch of land? No one lives out there so it should be pretty easy to gain access to it."

"No one but a bunch of animals that have been pushed out of their original mating places over the years. That beach is a big favorite of the sea turtles to lay their eggs in the springtime. There are many other animals that need that stretch of land for their survival."

Sam smiled down at her. "You're not one of those tree huggers, are you? I thought you were more sensible than that. You can't honestly expect me to choose a bunch of landless animals over the safety of the country, do you?"

"Absolutely not. I'm a big advocate of security. But there are always alternatives for air force base positioning. There aren't many alternatives left for the animals."

"Then they are going to have to find one, because I need that stretch of land for the base. It is pivotal to the defense of that side of Cordova and several other initiatives I'm planning for the future."

She blinked at his unyielding tone. "Sam, you can't be that heartless. These animals need their nesting sites. Putting an Air Force base would create so much chaos that they'd be forced out for miles."

"That's not my concern."

Marabeth didn't like his black and white attitude. "Well, then make it your concern. Have a little heart."

Sam glanced at his watch, then back to her. "Come to dinner with me tonight and we'll discuss it," he said, standing up and pulling her with him. 'I have a meeting with several cabinet members but you can convince me later on tonight. Deal?"

Marabeth was suspicious but she relented for now. "Okay, but I've got to warn you, I'm not going to give up on this issue," she said.

"I'm looking forward to all your arguments," he said.

Marabeth smiled wanly as she slipped out of his office and walked slowly down the hallway back to her own office. Xxx

Marabeth woke up and opened her eyes, a feeling of dread coming over her. Rolling onto her back, she stared up at the ornate ceiling of her bedroom. Her wedding was in two days.

She had to stop it.

It would have been different if she'd married George. Marabeth hadn't had any feelings for George, nor had he had any for her. It would have been a marriage of convenience at best. They would have lived separate lives, appearing occasionally at social functions or public appearances together when it was necessary.

George couldn't have hurt her. Mild irritation, perhaps, but nothing deep or profound.

Sam on the other hand, was a completely different man. Marabeth loved him completely, even his arrogance and irritating commands. But he treated her as if she was a simpleton and that Marabeth just could not endure. Not from Sam anyway. It hurt too much. Over the past few days, Marabeth had implored Sam to not take over the wetlands. Unfortunately, each time she brought up the subject, he treated her arguments with patronizing amusement. And then yesterday, she'd found out that they had broken ground on the area. Sam hadn't even had enough respect for her and her opinions that he'd taken a moment to tell her.

There would be a great deal of embarrassment. She could make an announcement that it was her fault and this should not reflect poorly on any other member of the government. She was sure there would be negative repercussions but she would deal with them later. This was her heart and her future that were at stake. She couldn't, wouldn't, take any chances with either.

She pulled the sheets away and got out of bed. Marabeth felt mildly better once she was showered and dressed in a soft, green dress that matched her eyes. She wasn't sure why she went to the trouble of dressing though. She had fittings for her rehearsal dinner dress as well as her wedding dress, both of which would take up a great deal of the day.

Marabeth walked listlessly down the hallway towards the breakfast room, hoping she was late enough so no one else would be present. She didn't want to talk to anyone.

Luckily, she was alone as she sipped her tea and ignored the biscuits and other offerings on the buffet table. She stared out the window, watching the wind stir the trees and flowers softly. What was she going to do? She considered several options besides calling off the wedding which would be so humiliating to her parents. Unfortunately, her mind discarded all of her solutions as being too unrealistic.

She had to call off the wedding. And she'd have to be firm about it. Marabeth put down her half filled teacup and stood up, resolute in her determination.

She walked down the hallway and smiled at Jerry who immediately stood up and bowed. "Good morning, your highness," he said. "I'll tell the Minister that you are here to see him," he said.

"Thank you, Jerry," Marabeth said and turned to look out the window. There was a beautiful view of the courtyard, she realized. Sam was going to be furious, but she'd have to be strong and explain to him that she wasn't going to back down.

"He's available immediately, your highness," Jerry said behind her.

Marabeth turned and walked into Sam's office. "Good morning, Sam," she said and shivered as he took her into his arms as soon as the door was closed. He kissed her until her knees were weak and she had to push at his shoulders before his mouth changed her mind. "Sam, I need to talk to you," she said.

"What's on your mind?" he asked, pulling her so she was standing between his legs while he leaned back against the desk.

Taking a deep breath, she looked up into his handsome face. "I'm not going to marry you," she said. Then waited for the explosion.

Sam smiled and chuckled. "Yes, you are. You're just mad at me for some reason. What's going on?" he asked.

Marabeth was instantly irritated by his words. She stepped out of his arms and took several steps away.

"No, Sam. I'm not marrying you."

"Tell me the problem and I guarantee that I can make it better? Talk to me."

Squaring her shoulders, she looked down at the floor, gathering strength. Finally, she looked back up at him, her chin jutting out defiantly as if she could force him to understand that she was not kidding around about this issue. "I won't marry someone who doesn't trust or respect me. I'll personally send out the press release and I'll take the responsibility on me. Don't worry, my father will be mad, but only at me."

Sam stood up and ran his fingers through his hair. "Marabeth, what are you talking about?"

"I'm calling off the wedding, Sam. If you'd listen to me, instead of telling me what I'm going to do or not going to do, you'd understand that I'm serious about this."

"Why?" "Because you don't trust me or respect me."

"You've said that," he growled. "Now make sense."

Balling her hands into fists, she squared her shoulders and turned to face him. "Sam, I'm not kidding. You won't talk to me about what is going on with my security. You didn't tell me anything that was going on with the wetlands, what else are you not telling me? Obviously you don't trust me." She took a deep breath before continuing, "And let me just emphasize this security issue so you understand how angry I am about that. Do you have any idea knowing that something is seriously wrong but not getting any information on what that could be? It's terrifying. And you have information that you're not sharing with me. It is patronizing and condescending to know that you don't trust me enough with that information. Instead, you make me hibernate here in the palace and order me around. I'm not a silly female who needs to be told what to do."

He walked over to tower above her. "You're mine, Marabeth. And I protect what is mine."

She could tell that he was angry but didn't care. "No. I'm not. See? You're still not listening to me. I might be engaged to you, but I'm stopping this madness before the wedding when you think you'll have total control over me."

"You love me, Marabeth. Don't even try to deny it."

She nodded and angrily wiped the unwanted tears from her cheeks. "Yes. I do. But it has to be a two way street. I kept thinking that if you'd just get to know me a little more, you'd realize that I'm an intelligent person and not a ninny who you can treat like a child. But the more I gave, the more you learned, the more you stopped telling me things. So now, I'm basically a captive of the palace at your command. People can barely even come into the palace to see me. This has to stop. And if it means halting the wedding so you can get rid of your commando style protection, then that's what I'll do."

"There is something happening out there that I don't want you exposed to," he said.

"What Sam? What's going on?" she pleaded with him, her eyes imploring him to let her know what the issues were, to trust her to be able to absorb them and deal with them.

He ran his fingers through his hair yet again and turned away from her. "You don't need to know the details. You'll just have to trust me," he said, but he was getting frustrated himself. He didn't know how to share information with people. Every instinct in his body was telling him they were getting closer to the stalker but they just couldn't pin the guy down. Until then, Sam wasn't willing to let her go out in public. The man had threatened her life and he loved her too much to let anything happen to her.

"That's exactly what I'm talking about, Sam. What details? I do trust you. I know that if you think something is wrong, then there is really something wrong. A few weeks ago, that wouldn't have been the case. I thought you were just mean and ornery. But after getting to know you, I understand that you take each piece of information and pull all the details together to form a bigger picture. But you don't trust me with any information, thinking I might faint if given the gory details. You don't know me well enough to understand that I'm made of tougher stuff."

He walked over to her and took her hands in his. "Marabeth, we're getting married. Do you understand?" he said, his intense blue eyes looking into hers, willing her to bow to his commands.

"No, Sam. We're not." She pulled her hands free and walked to the doorway. She was about to open the door when his next words stopped her.

"You want to read the details? Come look," he said and pulled a file out from under a stack of papers.

Marabeth turned and looked at his face. This was going against everything he believed in and her heart melted at that realization. It took a lot for him to give in but he was doing it.

She took the file and started reading. It was packed with information on someone who had apparently taken a violent hatred of her about six months ago. It had been a psychotic kind of love initially, but according to the man's letters, his feelings had changed unexplainably about three months ago. He was furious with her for some reason.

Marabeth sat down on one of the chairs in front of Sam's desk and read through all the pieces of paper, all the notes the man had written and somehow gotten into the palace. There was no postmark on any of the envelopes so they had to have been delivered personally.

She heard Sam speak to Jerry outside his office but she didn't pay him any attention. He must have told Jerry to cancel his meetings or something since Sam paced his office the whole time she read through the information.

It took almost forty five minutes, but by the time she was finished, her fingers were shaking. "Okay, well that was frightening. But thank you for letting me know what is going on. I understand now why you've put in place so many extra precautions. Some of the questions Manny was asking me make more sense now."

"I knew I shouldn't have let you read the notes," he said harshly. "Next time, you'll accept my word when I tell you that you won't like it."

Marabeth shook her head and stood up. "You will not. You'll bring me the information as soon as you get it and trust that we can work things through together."

Sam breathed a sigh of relief at her words. He pulled her close. "Tell me you love me," he said.

"I love you. More than I want to at times, but I love you."

"Tell me you'll marry me," he said, smiling at her words.

She was silent for a long time. Sam pulled back and stared down at her face. "Marabeth, you will marry me," he commanded.

She smiled up at his face. "Will you promise not to hide things from me?" she said.

He looked at her face, struggling with feelings inside himself. Finally, he nodded. "I'll try," he said.

Marabeth started to pull away and shook her head. "Not good enough," she said. "I want complete trust."

"Why don't you trust me to take care of this for you?" he asked, gripping her upper arms and shaking her gently.

In response to the battle she could feel warring within him, she put her arms around his waist and hugged him. "I do trust you. I know that you'll do whatever is needed to keep me safe. But I don't want to be kept in the dark about anything between us. I'm tired of living in a one sided world. I grew up with a very dictatorial father. I don't want that in my marriage," she said. Then shook her head, "I won't have it in my marriage."

He wrapped his arms around her, holding her close. "Give me time. I'm not used to taking orders from someone half my size and weight."

She pulled back, instantly offended. "I can take you down, buddy," she laughed. "You've taught me yourself," she reminded him.

"Just try it," he growled and bent down to kiss her gently. "Tell me you'll marry me," he demanded.

Marabeth ignored the command in his voice and said the words he wanted to hear. "I'll marry you, but you'll have to marry me back. That means a partnership, not a dictatorship," she said, sighing as his hands caressed her shoulders and back, making her shiver in anticipation.

"Fine. But you're still not leaving the palace until we find this guy."

She looked up into his eyes and smiled. "I'd be happy to stay in your bed until you find this guy," she laughed.

Sam needed no other prompting. He bent down and picked her up into his arms, then walked quickly out of his office. "Cancel my meetings this afternoon," he said to Jerry, who looked confused at first, then grinned widely as he watched the Minister and the Princess walk down the hallway towards the living quarters of the palace.

Epilogue

Marabeth smiled up at the tall man standing next to her in dove gray morning clothes. "I do," she said, her voice strong and confident. Sam's fingers tightened over hers.

"I now pronounce you, husband and wife," the minister said, his voice ringing out over the church filled with over one thousand guests. Sam turned to Marabeth and pulled her into his arms, kissing her thoroughly as the rest of the congregation laughed and applauded.

The pipe organ burst into the wedding march and Marabeth smiled broadly, waiving to the crowd.

Sam led her through the church and out onto the balcony where a crowd of Cordova citizens were eagerly awaiting the announcement of the wedding vows. Sam had directed that they would make the announcement themselves, instead of sending a messenger to deliver the news. Marabeth had figured out who was stalking her and the man had been arrested. He'd admitted everything and was now safely tucked away in a mental institution.

Now that the threat was over, Sam was eager to show off his new bride, proud of her heritage and her dedication to the people of this country.

