Chapter 1

Jim McNabb poked his head in Darcy's door. "You ready to defend your ideas?" he asked, smiling as if he'd just swallowed the canary.

"What do you mean?" Darcy asked cautiously, not willing to sign up for anything when it came to her boss. Jim was great, but he tended to ride roughshod over people if they weren't careful. Darcy pushed a flyaway strand of chocolate brown hair out of her face, wondering why it never stayed in the bun she put it in each morning.

Jim sauntered into her office and leaned against the doorway, extending the suspense a few moments longer. "I mean, I talked to Michael Attracelli and he's willing to listen to your ideas on the bid he turned down last week."

Darcy stared blankly at Jim for a long moment until his words sunk in. "You don't mean the Senior Vice President for Growth and Technology, do you?" she whispered, awed by even mentioning his name out loud. The man was a legend, not just within the ATI community but in the information technology industry. He was a giant. He was brilliant when it came to programming and bidding on key jobs within the industry that put ATI in a strategic position for future work.

And he wanted to hear her pitch? Darcy was suddenly nervous. Terrified actually. She tried to hide her anxiety in front of Jim but she suspected that her green eyes mirrored her inner terror. Arguing with her boss about ATI's decision not to bid on a huge job was one thing. Arguing in front of Michael Attracelli was a completely different game! The man had to have been around since the concept of computers was introduced, he knew so much about them.

Jim watched the emotions run across the beautiful young woman's face. Darci was not very skilled at hiding her emotions. He saw the excitement build then the anxiety enter her stunningly green eyes. Finally, her porcelain skin turned pale white as she realized the magnitude of what he was asking her to do. But it didn't' matter. Darcy was the kind of woman that thrived on challenges so he knew she wouldn't turn down this opportunity no matter how nervous she became.

Sure enough, a moment later, her pert little chin went up and she straightened her slim shoulders, a sign that she was mentally getting herself ready for the problem of changing the mind of a senior vice president, no matter how terrifying the prospect. Jim had never met or worked with a more competent person. Nor had he ever seen the kind of blind determination this woman possessed. She worked long hours, dedicating her life to ATI.

Not only was she intelligent and driven, she was beautiful as well. He suspected she didn't even know how incredibly lovely she was. She was too dedicated to getting the work done to take the time to notice her personal appearance. He never heard of her dating anyone. When they talked, she only spoke of work issues and challenges. But he suspected she wasn't dating anyone currently. When would she find the time? She worked fourteen hour days plus weekends.

Once the fear was gone from her face, he smiled at her, trying to give her confidence. "Well, what are you waiting for?" Jim asked, satisfied with her determined expression. He was delighted that he was able to drop this bomb on her. It wasn't often that anyone surprised Darcy Madison.

He was actually hoping for a smile, but was disappointed this time. Darcy was stunning with a passive face. Her classically shaped features and the glowing green eyes that shone out from her lively face were enough to make men stop and stare. He knew because he had been affected that way when he'd first met her. In addition, he'd walked with her down the street and noticed the same affect on the other men she passed. What was more amazing was that Darcy didn't realize that it was happening. She was so intent on what she was doing, even if she was just walking down the street talking with another person, her whole self was absorbed in her task, eliminating all other details.

Add a figure that should be modeling sexy underwear and her smile, and the combination was devastating at times. Whenever Darcy smiled, gravity seemed to weigh more heavily in the room. Jaws dropped, pens fell to the floor, coffee cups spilled and water splashed in every direction. She turned from looking like a supermodel, albeit a petite one, to a mischievous elf, with just a smile. She had dimples on both sides of her luscious mouth and her cat-like eyes twinkled as if she knew all the funny secrets in the world. It was quite a sight and caused shock each time a new person experienced her smile.

Jim sighed, wishing he could remember some joke to tell her so he could see her smile. Boy, was she a sight to behold. Darcy interrupted his thoughts and got him back to the business at hand.

"Not a problem. I can do this," she said, grabbing her notebook and standing up. She grabbed a pen, and then rushed behind her boss out the door. A few seconds later, Darcy raced back to her desk and grabbed her glasses, then right back out to the hallway again.

"Are you sure Michael Attracelli is going to listen to me?" she asked, trailing behind him as she went through her papers to find the notes on the bid the senior vice president had originally rejected.

"Yep, the one and only."

"Why is he going to listen now? What changed his mind?"

Jim pressed the call button for the elevator. "I did. I was talking to him and mentioned your idea. He seemed interested so I told him I'd get the two of you together to discuss the idea."

Darci grimaced. "Remind me to keep my mouth shut in the future."

"Bah!" he said and waived her concern aside. "You're ready for this," he said. "And if not, you're no worse off than you were five minutes ago except that you've finally met Michael."

"How do I greet him?" she asked. "Is there any formal policy?"

Jim glanced back to the nervous beauty, his eyes rolling. "He's not royalty; he's just a vice president."

Darcy had a great sense of the absurd and was willing to make fun of herself when she was acting silly, like right now. "Yeah, but he's sort of a God in the industry. It seems like he should have some sort of title befitting that reputation, don't you think?" the imp in her joked. "Vice President just doesn't due him justice, I'm guessing."

"How about God of IT?" he quipped, pressing the button on the elevator that would take them to the executive floors.

They stepped into the elevator together. "No," she said, shaking her head while she stared up at the lights indicating the floors they were passing. "It has to be more glorious. How about...God of Information?" she asked.

Jim didn't respond but chuckled at her.

"Why not?" she asked, a few moments before they came to the top floor, "I mean, it's reputed that he knows everything. Therefore, he must be at least a century old. I'm hoping that if I make it to that age, I'll get a God-like title as well."

She missed Jim's astonished expression because the doors opened and they walked out into the subdued atmosphere of the executive floor. It was dramatically different on this floor, Darcy thought as she made her way down the hallway behind Jim who obviously knew where Michael Attracelli's office was. Her office was on the sixth floor and was filled with mostly technical people. They called to each other with their ideas or barged into offices unannounced to bounce ideas off of each other. Some people didn't even bother with going to an office. They would just shoot ideas to a co-worker in the hallways. There was a great deal of joking and letting off of steam when the tensions rose or deadlines drew near.

On this floor, it was very quiet. The doors were mostly closed and people scurried about busily, looking very important and harried. She suspected that no one really joked on this floor and meetings were scheduled to discuss ideas, not tossed about while walking to get a cup of coffee. It was very serious business up here on the fifteenth floor.

They stopped in an impressive lobby-like area with a secretary quickly typing on a computer. She looked up when Jim entered and smiled her greeting. "He's waiting for the two of you. Just go on in," she said, waiving towards a double door that was open on one side.

"Thanks, Donna," Jim said and nodded for Darcy to follow him through a set of closed double doors.

Jim knocked, but didn't wait for a response before entering. They walked into a large office filled with modern, steel and glass furniture. Off to one side, a small grouping of brown leather chairs and a sofa surrounded a low coffee table. Jim stopped in the middle of the room, politely waiting for the man behind the desk to get off the phone.

Darcy was behind him, taking in the impressive office space. She was lucky to have a small round table in her office that she used for conferences with her technical leads but it was nothing like this, she thought, looking around the room and noting the panoramic view of the Washington, D.C. skyline. It was twilight so the sun was just on the horizon, setting down between the tall buildings and monuments of Washington, D.C.

"Jim, how are you?" a deep voice said.

Darcy looked up and felt her mouth drop open. The most incredibly gorgeous man she'd ever met in her life was walking towards Jim, his hand outstretched to shake Jim's.

"Doing well, thanks. How about you?" Jim asked.

"Not bad," he replied.

Darcy felt the man's dark blue eyes move her way and snapped her mouth shut. But not in time. One dark eyebrow went up when he caught her shocked expression. Thankfully, the handsome man didn't comment on her open mouthed expression.

Jim cleared his throat. "This is Darcy Madison. She has the great ideas I was telling you about earlier. Thanks for taking the time to hear her out," Jim was saying.

"Great. I'm eager to hear them," the gorgeous man said. "How about if we sit down?" he asked, waiving his arms to indicate that they should sit down the sofa and chairs versus the desk with chairs in front of it.

Darcy shook herself mentally. So he was stunning. What did she care? She was here to do a job and a handsome face can be seen on any magazine cover, she told herself.

They all sat down, then the two men turned to Darcy expectantly. Darcy blinked, realizing that they wanted her to start her arguments.

"Shouldn't we wait for Mr. Attracelli?" she asked, trying to be diplomatic but not wanting to go through this twice.

After a pregnant pause, Jim laughed self consciously. "Um...Darcy, this is Michael Attracelli," he said simply.

Darcy's eyes snapped back to the man who was now trying to hide a smile. "Oh," was all she could say while her face turned pink in her embarrassment. Her mind just wasn't working. Well, who could think with that man staring at her so expectantly, she asked herself.

"I think Darcy was expecting an older man," he explained to Michael.

"Ah," was all he said and turned back to face Darcy, waiting expectantly.

Shaking her head, she pushed the man's physical attributes aside, reminding herself that this man had turned down her idea for bidding on a very strategic project. It was something she felt confident the company could win and would place them in a good position for future work in an area she thought was not very well tapped yet. "Well, then. Here's my idea for the project. I know this work is a little different than what we normally do, but if we go a little bit to the left in our processes, you'll see that my ideas really will work" she stressed, warming to her topic.

"If you'll turn to page three," she said, handing them a copy of a briefing she'd done for Jim and some others last week, "you'll see what I have in mind. If we don't use the normal DOS operating system, then we can sidestep many of your concerns about...." Darcy explained, addressing each of the issues she'd heard about and how she would circumvent any problems.

She talked and answered questions for over an hour from both Jim and Michael, showing them that she had done her homework and knew the subject. What she was proposing was dramatically different from what she suspected the competitors would be offering but by going with a different operating system, she knew that ATI could do the job for much less money and create a much more stable system with double the flexibility. The down side would be that ATI would have to do most of the development work ahead of time in order to prove to the client that it would work. That created a huge risk. Not many companies, ATI included since they rejected going for this work initially, would put up thousands, potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars to work without a contract from a client with the hopes that they would be so impressed with the solution they would buy it after the fact.

The up side would be, if they won the work, they would be perfectly positioned for millions of dollars in contracts that would feed off the work.

She finally finished her briefing and sat there, waiting in the silence as Michael considered various aspects of her idea.

The silence was broken a moment later as Jim's cell phone went off. He looked at the number on the screen and sighed. "I'm sorry, I need to take this. It's a client," he said and walked out of the office. She could hear him talking in the lobby, and then his voice trailed off as he moved down the hallway.

Chapter 2

The silence lasted so long, she started to fidget. He was going through the pages of her briefing again, making notes in the margins.

Darcy was a lot of things, but patient wasn't one of them. She liked computers because she understood them. In fact, she worked long hours because human relations were just too irritating in general. She had several friends that she did things with occasionally, but not on a regular basis. Her time was mostly spent at work, tweaking lines of code and reviewing data. Those people she socialized with were also in the industry and they talked shop most of the time.

Darcy crossed and uncrossed her legs, wishing she could get some sort of feedback from this man. She still couldn't get over the fact that this virile, sexy man was the one and only Michael Attracelli. She remembered reading about him in the technology magazines when she was in college. Granted, only six years had passed since she graduated but she'd always thought of him as being somewhere in his sixties or seventies, considering the amount of work he'd done and the influence he had in ATI.

"Hiccup"

Darcy looked around, shocked that the sound had come from her. Had she really done that?

"Hiccup"

"Excuse me," she said, her face turning red when Michael looked up from reading the briefing, eyebrows raised.

"I'm sorry," Darcy said, desperately trying to smother her hiccups. But they were coming fast and furious. "I guess I'm just hungry," she said as an explanation for her hiccups.

Michael was instantly contrite, looking at his watch. "I'm sorry; I've kept you too late. We can go over this another time," he said.

"No, no! Please, I have plenty of time." This might be her only chance to convince him of her idea and she didn't want to lose the opportunity because she'd skipped lunch again.

Michael sat back and watched her. "You don't have a husband and kids waiting for you at home?"

Darcy shook her head. "No, but I guess you do," she said, gathering up her papers.

"Nope," he said and stood up, reading the briefing as he walked over to his desk. He pressed a button which was obviously a speed dial to a Chinese restaurant. "Hello Chiang! How are you?" Michael asked when the phone call was answered.

"Fine, fine," the voice said over the speaker phone. "Working late again tonight?" the voice asked.

"Yes. Can you send over my usual?" Michael asked.

"Of course,"

"And what would you like?" Michael asked, looking over towards Darcy.

Darcy blushed but spoke up. "Hello Chiang. This is Darcy. And you know what I like," she said.

She watched as Michael smiled.

The voice over the phone chuckled. "You want two broccoli and chicken meals or you both want to share?"

Michael laughed. "I guess we can share if you toss in some extra egg rolls," he said.

"You got it," Chiang said. he said.

"I charge you, Mr. Attracelli. You pay for the lady,"

Michael chuckled. "Deal. gentlemanly behavior, Chiang." Charge it to my account. Thanks for the tip on the

"I could give you lots of tips. Number one, take her out instead of working so late," he said. "But you won't listen to me, will you? That's why I have six kids and you have none."

Darcy smothered a laugh, watching Michael shake his head. "You have a good point. I'll talk to you soon," he said.

There was silence in the office when Chiang hung up. "You have good taste," Darcy said.

Michael laughed and came back over to his chair. "I guess you work late a lot too, huh?" he said, sitting down opposite her.

Darcy relaxed slightly, or at least tried to appear relaxed. She didn't think she could relax when he was looking directly at her with those sexy blue eyes of his. "Enough to have a standing order at Chiang's," she said.

"I guess so. Just out of curiosity," he started, putting the briefing down for the moment, "Who were you waiting for earlier tonight?"

Darcy had been afraid he'd bring that up. "I, um...well...I was expecting someone," she glanced at his curious face, "older," she finally said.

He blinked. "Older?" He didn't say a word for a moment. "Why older?"

She smiled wanly. "I just thought that, well, with your experience and reputation, that you should be older. You're not very old, I'm guessing. Probably about thirty six or thirty seven?"

"Thirty four, but I'm flattered that my age isn't showing," he said and smiled at her guess.

"You're only thirty four? But you're in so many journals! You're quoted in several newspapers daily, it seems."

Michael shook his head. "I've loved computers my whole life. Besides, when you have family connections, it helps."

Darcy grimaced. "I guess so."

"Now you think I've gotten to my current position through nepotism," he chuckled. "I can't have you think that. I worked my way through college, I promise. I got a lot of recognition for building a search engine that fanned out in a different way than the others that were available at that time. Once you come up with an idea that is internationally recognized as better in the IT industry, you're name kind of becomes a household name."

Darcy was instantly intrigued. "How did you come up with the idea?"

He gave her a half smile. "Like most inventions, I suppose. It was an accident. I was trying to come up with something completely different but stumbled onto a formula that would help speed up search engines and make them more efficient."

"What happened to your idea?"

"Nothing. I published the idea in a journal and got a lot of recognition. But then some friends of mine at Standford developed the spider search and Google started. The rest is history."

"You went to Standford?" she asked curiously.

"Yep. Where did you go?" "New York University."

"Good school," he said.

"How have you managed to go so far in such a short time since then?" she asked.

Michael shrugged his shoulders. "I don't follow the rules, I guess. I like to think in different ways and usually, that works out. If you come up with ideas someone else hasn't thought about, and it is financially feasible, most people will go with you on the idea."

"I would agree with that approach."

"That's why you're here," he said and smiled. "You're idea is definitely different than anything we've tried so far. That's why I was so interested in it. You have a great idea."

"But is it financially feasible?" she asked, smiling as she threw his words back at him.

"That's what we're going to figure out, huh?" he laughed. "How long have you worked for ATI?" he asked, laying the papers on his lap so he could devote all his attention to her, mesmerized by her smile.

"Six years," she said. "I was offered the job at a college fair my senior year and have loved it ever since."

"Aren't you a little young to be a project manager?" he asked.

Darcy smiled, her dimples in full force. "Well, since I only knew your reputation and was waiting on a man around sixty or seventy to walk in and start asking me questions, I could throw that question right back at you. Aren't you a little young to be a vice president?"

Michael threw back his head and laughed, delighted that she already felt comfortable enough to tease him. "Touche," he replied.

He picked up the briefing and read through a few more of the pages. "While you're looking at that, I'll go get dinner," she said, starting to stand up.

"Don't worry about it," he said, waiving her back to her seat. "One of the security guards will bring it up when it arrives."

"Oh," was all she could say. Titles had their perks, she thought. When Darcy worked late, she had to go down to the lobby and pick up her deliveries.

Michael had to force himself to focus on the papers and come up with questions. He kept getting distracted by her long, slender legs. That wasn't the only thing, he told himself. He had to stare at the papers because he wanted to take in her figure. He'd only glanced at it as she walked in and then Jim had gotten in the way of his view. But what he'd seen of her had knocked him sideways.

She was slender but not skinny, he noticed. Darcy Madison had feminine curves in all the right place. She had slim hips and a tiny waist and his mind's eye remembered her perfect breasts; not too large, not too small. They were just right to fit into his...can't go down that road, he thought. Concentrate on the proposal, he told himself.

If she smiled one more time, dammit, he was going to have to pull her over onto his lap and kiss her incredibly sexy, full lips. Where did she hide those dimples when she wasn't smiling, he wondered. They completely transformed her face from a sophisticated, gorgeous business woman to a mercurial sprite that he wanted to catch and find out what she was thinking.

He was frustrated that he wasn't able to concentrate on the briefing. He prided himself on his ability to focus on whatever issue was brought to his attention. He couldn't blame himself in this case though. It was all her fault, he told himself. He'd never had this problem before. He knew he should get her out of his office as fast as possible, but he didn't want to listen to the sensible voice in his head. He wanted to stay and talk to her, get her to relax and learn more about her. For some reason, he wanted to know everything there was about this woman.

Forcing himself to concentrate, he shot her several more questions, interrogating her on her approach, the software she'd need, the possible follow on work, what kind of relationship she had with the potential client, the questions went on and on. The only reprieve she had was when a security guard knocked on Michael's door and handed them the bag full of Chinese food.

Darcy was famished, having eaten half a bagel about twelve hours before. So she dug into the broccoli and chicken box with gusto. She was disappointed when she pulled an egg roll out of the bag instead of her regular spring roll. Chiang had never gotten her

order wrong before. Everything seemed to be strange tonight. But then Michael pulled a spring roll out and they realized that they had the wrong bags after all and exchanged rolls. She should have known better. Darcy had been ordering from Chiangs for years and he'd never gotten her order wrong yet. It was interesting that she and Michael Attracelli wanted the same main dish but their appetites for side dishes was different.

There was an awkward moment when he handed her the spring roll and their fingers touched. Darcy's eyes snapped to his face and he caught her startled glance. Darcy almost dropped her roll when the electricity jumped from his fingers to hers. It felt like she had been burned. She pulled her hand back quickly, almost dumping the spring roll onto her lap.

"Sorry," she said, licking her fingers. "Hot," she said, explaining her reaction.

Michael nodded and watched her face. "I know."

Okay, so he wasn't that interesting, she thought. She's just getting tired. This was her eighteenth hour today and maybe she was getting a little punchy. Could he please ask her some questions instead of silently reading the proposal again? She wondered how broad his shoulders were. Maybe two feet wide? Three feet? Did he work out on a regular basis? He had to, she realized. He had some pretty impressive muscles rippling under that perfectly tailored shirt.

They discussed the project for another two hours. By the end of the night, Darcy was exhausted. She also understood where Michael had gotten his reputation. He definitely knew his technology and had the perseverance of an ox. She didn't know what time he'd gotten into the office today but it was already late. He showed no signs of the exhaustion she was currently feeling. He seemed energized even. Darcy was jealous of his ability to maintain that kind of stamina.

"You're proposal definitely has some potential. I can see a lot of work but there's a huge payoff at the end. I'll think about this and will get back to you," he said, standing up. Darcy took that as her cue to leave.

"Thanks for letting me present my ideas to you. I really think it will work," she said as a closing statement.

He nodded his head in a non-committal agreement. "I think you have some great ideas. We'll talk soon," he said.

Chapter 3

Darcy walked out of the office and made her way back to her own office. Now that she was out of his electrifying presence, her fatigue started to sink in. She hadn't realized how late it was or how tired she really was. The walk back to her office was very strange. She normally worked late hours but it wasn't normal for her to be in the office at this time of the evening. Even the cleaning crew was gone. Her floor was completely empty, all the lights turned off and the doors closed except for her own.

When she walked into her office, she slowly shut down her computer, in no hurry to get home to her empty house. She was about to walk down to her car when her phone rang. She looked down at her phone, wondering who would be calling her at ten o'clock at night at the office. The caller identification told her who and her heart tripped back into double time when she read the name 'Attracelli, Michael' on the screen.

"Hello?" she answered the phone. She hoped her voice didn't reveal how excited she was just because he called her.

Michael was straightforward in his phone conversation. "Stay where you are and I'll walk you to your car. I didn't realize how late it was," he said.

She was already shaking her head by the time he finished. "There's no need," she said, not wanting to trouble him. "I walk out of here late at night all the time," she explained.

"I'll be there in a moment. Don't move," he said in a no nonsense tone of voice.

Darcy shook her head when the line went dead. She picked up her purse and her shoulder bag and went down the hallway, intending to wait at the elevators for him. She didn't want him to have to find her office which was in the middle of the floor. After a few minutes, she felt a little silly waiting for him and was just about to push the down button when the elevator doors opened instead. Darci had to snatch her hand away from the call button but even so, she knew she'd been caught.

He noticed her action and rolled his eyes. "You weren't going to wait for me were you?" he said, making it a statement instead of a question. He put a hand to the small of her back and guided her into the waiting elevator.

"Well, I didn't think it was necessary. It is very chivalrous of you but there really wasn't any need," she said in her defense.

"Well, then just chalk it up to gallantry and let me have my way," he said, pushing the button to the parking garage, his dark eyes looking down at her as he smiled.

Since it was so late at night and almost everyone was already home, the elevators arrived quickly. Darcy was grateful for that. She wasn't sure what to talk about with the gorgeous man if they'd had to stand at the lobby, waiting for an elevator to come back up. They rode down the elevator in tense silence. Darcy was relieved when the doors opened to the now nearly empty parking garage. "I'm over there," she said, pointing to her small, ten year old, brown Mazda that had definitely seen better days.

She thought he'd just walk in the direction of the gorgeous black jaguar in the opposite corner, the only other car in the garage. But he walked with her to her car and took the keys, opening the door for her.

She'd never been around men who did things like this so she was a little taken aback by the actions. She wasn't exactly sure what to do. "Thank you," she said, staring at the cement floor.

Once the door was open, he turned back to her but didn't immediately hand her the keys. "Why do you work so late?" he asked softly.

Darcy looked back up at him, instantly mesmerized by his small smile. "I like it," she said.

His eyes turned curious. "Why aren't you out having fun, partying and doing thing normal thirty something women do?"

"Well, first because I'm only twenty eight," she started.

"Even more reason to go out and have fun," he emphasized.

"What were you doing when you were twenty eight?" she challenged, thinking he'd have to have put in the midnight hours in order to be in his current position as a vice president.

Michael looked up at the ceiling, thinking back in time. "I think that was the year I took off a month and went hiking in the Andes Mountains."

"Oh," she said, deflated. Darcy had assumed he'd say he was working long hours just like she was in order to get ahead professionally. "Well, I guess I just enjoy working."

"Since college, have you ever done anything besides work?"

"Not really," she admitted, a little uncomfortable with that admission.

"What about before college? Did you ever do anything besides study?"

Darcy crossed her arms over her chest, not feeling like he was invading her privacy but wishing she could tell him something more interesting about her life. "Grades and school were pretty important in my parent's house. So no, not really. I haven't done much but study and work," she replied.

"Why not?"

Darcy thought back to her childhood. "My parents never went to college. I was the first in our family to attend. So I guess the pressure was on for me to perform."

"And have you?"

Looking down again, she wondered about his question. "I think I've met their expectations." But the idea bothered her. Was she living out her parent's dream?

"Well, I'm sorry. None of these questions are any of my business," he said. "It's just odd to see someone with your kind of energy and enthusiasm waste it working these kinds of hours."

Darcy was flattered. "Thank you, I think" she laughed. She was glad to know that he thought of her as energetic, but not that he thought she was wasting her life away.

"Isn't there something you've always wanted to do? To be?" he asked.

She smiled impishly. "Vice President of Technology," she stated blandly.

Michael laughed, cheered that she felt comfortable enough to tease him with wanting his position despite her obvious nervousness and her wariness at his line of questioning. "Well, that's a good sign," he said, handing her the keys. "I'll call you later this week with some news on your proposal," he said and waived to her as he started off towards the black jaguar.

She got into her car and revved the engine, waiting for it to warm up a moment. She knew that if she put it into gear too quickly, it would stop again out of protest. She also knew she should get out and buy a new car. She definitely had the money for it. But living with parents as thrifty as hers, she had grown up knowing that one didn't get something new until the old was long past dying.

The car rattled to life and she was able to shift it into gear and reverse out of her parking space. She rushed a little because Michael was waiting on her to leave in front of him. He obviously wasn't going anywhere until she was safely out of the parking garage.

In other men, that would irritate her. But for some reason, when Michael Attracelli acted this way, it gave her a warm, glowing feeling inside her when he cared enough to spend a few extra minutes making sure she was safe.

Chapter 4

The week went by slowly for Darci after that night. She refused to admit to herself that she was waiting expectantly for Michael's call. But by Thursday, she was jumping each time the phone rang so she accepted that she was on tenterhooks in anticipation of his call. She told herself she was only waiting to hear about his decision on the proposal and not for any other reason.

She waited each day for some word from Jim on ATI's decision. The date for submitting interest in the project was coming closer and she was worried that she hadn't convinced Michael that ATI could do the job.

It was Friday afternoon when her phone rang. Unfortunately, it had been ringing off the hook all morning with vendors or team mates asking her technical questions. So she didn't bother to look away from her computer screen when she picked up the receiver this time. Since it was a single ring, she knew it was someone inside the company. "Darcy," was all she said. A double ring indicated an outside call.

"Darcy, its Michael. Can you come up here?" he asked.

She almost dropped the phone when she heard his voice and her heartbeat doubled instantly. "Absolutely," she said, hoping he didn't hear the breathlessness in her voice.

She didn't waste any time. Darcy immediately got up from her chair and rushed down the hallway to the elevators. Less than five minutes after his phone call, she was standing inside Donna's office. "Mr. Attracelli asked me to come up," Darcy explained to Michael's assistant a little breathlessly.

"Oh, just call him Michael," Donna said, smiling and waiving aside Darcy's formality. "And you can go on inside. He's waiting for you."

Darcy looked down at her flat-front khaki slacks and cream, turtle-neck sweater. She hadn't dressed up today since she didn't have any meetings scheduled. Now that she was about to face a vice president, and a gorgeous one at that, she was kicking herself for her inclination to dress casually this morning. She'd anticipated just working on code all day or answering questions from others. She should have been wearing a business suit, she told herself. If her idea was going to be rejected, she at least wanted to be wearing business armor in the form of a nice suit.

"You asked me to come up?" she asked tentatively after knocking softly on the door.

"Come on in," Michael said and pushed some papers aside. "I just wanted to let you know that we're giving you the green light. Here's your budget and you'll need to give me a weekly status, more often as we get closer to the client presentation," he said, handing her a piece of paper.

Darcy's eyes were as round as saucers as she looked at the enormous amount of money they were allocating for the project. "I didn't' ask for this much," she said, scanning the items listed.

"I know. There were a few items I added. I made some alterations to your ideas, but the crux of the idea is still yours," he said.

"What did you change?" she asked, only slightly concerned at this point.

Michael indicated that she should sit down in the chair behind her. Darcy sat down and tried to scan the items but had forgotten her glasses, assuming her idea was going to be turned down. So she couldn't read the papers very well. "I added additional people, three to be exact. You'll need them to do the data builds towards the end but they'll need to be on board early on so they can set the data tables up to their specifications. I also added some new computers with additional RAM. Otherwise, you'll be processing at a slower rate. With the amount of data you'll be handling, you'll need the additional power."

He went down a list of other items and Darcy's mind started spinning. He had added so much she didn't know what to do with all the information.

When he was finished going through her budget, he put it to the side and looked at her. "So are you ready to start working on this? We'll need you to ramp up quickly. You'll be able to hire anyone you need in the company but there's a list of recommended people from human resources on the last page. They are qualified and are available with minor project shuffling. There are also a few that are not currently on a project so they would be available to start with you immediately."

She quickly turned to the last page and squinted down the list of fuzzy looking names. "I guess so," she said absently. Then his words hit her and she looked up sharply at him. "What do you mean? I'm not running this effort. Jim will be doing that. I'll just be on the project for technical advice."

Michael shook his head and stood up, coming around to the front of his desk to lean against it. "Nope. This is your baby. You thought it up; you put in the effort so far. You get to run it. Besides, Jim is already overloaded with other tasks."

"But I can't do this all by myself," she said, her eyes wide. She hated showing anyone a weakness, but she couldn't let ATI lose this much money based only on her speculation. She wasn't qualified to take on a task this big.

His eyes softened as he looked at her worried expression. "Yes you can," he said gently. "If you have any questions, you can come to me for help," he said. He glanced down at his watch. "Unfortunately, I have a meeting in five minutes. work up your initial thoughts, then get back to me in a few hours. where you should go from there. Can you meet me back here at four o'clock?" How about if you I'll let you know

He walked back around his desk and pulled on his jacket.

"I don't know if I'm really the best person for this job," she said, standing up with him but her eyes were pleading for him to understand that she was not the right candidate to run an effort like this.

Michael stopped directly in front of her. His eyes were gentle but firm when he looked at her. "You'll be fine. I'll get you through this. I've asked around and heard some great things about your work. Besides, you're the only one that has the knowledge and conviction to do this type of work. And I believe you can guide a team with your vision and enthusiasm and win the project."

Darcy looked up at his reassuring eyes and relaxed. If he had faith in her, shouldn't she?

"Don't tell me you're afraid," he asked, a smile forming as he took in the obvious concern on her face. "You're not afraid of anything but living," he said.

With those words, he left the office, leaving Darcy standing in the middle of the room with her mouth hanging open.

"I'll see you back here at four," he called out to her from the hallway. And then he was gone.

Darcy stood outside his office at four that afternoon, seething with frustration. She wasn't afraid of living! She was waived in by Donna who was shutting down her computer. "Go on in. He's expecting you. Would you remind him that I'm leaving early today?" she asked.

Darcy nodded and stormed through the doorway. Over the past six hours, she had convinced herself that he wasn't as sexy as she'd remembered. And that he wasn't as tall or exciting. He was just a mean, patronizing man who thought he had all the answers and could shove his opinion on anyone else. He wasn't all he was cracked up to be, she told herself as her feet carried her quickly into his office.

Unfortunately, when she pushed the door open wider and forged to the middle of the office, she felt like she was hit with a ton of bricks by his presence all over again. He really was one of the most attractive, vital and sexy man and his sharp eyes took in everything, stopping her in her tracks as she watched him talk on the phone.

She stood there for a moment and regrouped. Okay, she told herself, he was super sexy and probably one of the most interesting man that she'd ever met. No, she wasn't being honest with herself. He was the most attractive man she'd ever met. But she was only twenty eight. She was young and there were lots of men she hadn't met yet.

He hung up the phone and turned to her. "Ready?" he asked. He took in her slim khaki slacks and cream, turtle-neck sweater, trying to keep his eyes off her breasts that were outlined by the soft fabric. Her eyes were a fiery green and her hair was pulled back by a clip at her nape, the curls laying against her shoulder and falling over her right breast. She flipped it behind her before she sat down and he was disappointed, liking the mahogany tresses where they were.

"Sure," she said and handed him a sheaf of papers. "Here are my thoughts on execution," she said tightly.

"Have a seat," he said, indicating the chairs in front of his desk.

Darcy sat down and stared back at him, daring him to find anything wrong with her ideas.

He read through the pages, calling out points and making suggestions, changing an approach in some cases. Darcy lost her anger and scribbled notes all over the pages, wishing she could contradict his comments but he was right in almost every case and she kicked herself for not thinking of the issues before he did.

After two hours of back and forth discussions, Michael finally pushed the papers aside and sat back in his chair. "Okay, want to discuss why you were so angry when you first came in here?"

Darcy was still reeling from the ideas he wanted incorporated. So the change in topics took her a moment to assimilate. "I'm sorry?"

Michael leaned back and crossed his arms over his chest. "When you first came in?" he reminded her. "You seemed as if you were hot for a fight," he continued.

"I wanted to know what you meant by your last comment," she said.

He smiled, already knowing that was what had bothered her. "About being afraid of living?" he asked.

Darcy nodded.

"Well, why don't you tell me what your plans were for tonight?"

She looked confused, not sure how her evening plans were relevant to their discussion, but answered him anyway. "I was going to work on this briefing."

"Point made," and he raised his finger, ticking off an imaginary point in the air. Darcy's brows drew together in frustration and confusion. "I don't understand."

"You stay inside your office, afraid of going out and finding something more interesting to do. You might actually find it, you know," he said.

She bristled at his comment, not liking how he was painting her personality. "I like my job," she said defensively. "I can't believe you of all people would be criticizing me for working long hours."

"ATI wants your mind, not your life. My personal philosophy is that everyone should work to live, not live to work. I like my job too, otherwise, I'd do something else. But I'm not going to dedicate every waking hour to doing it," he said. "Besides," he continued, "I've found that employees are more effective when they have outside interests. It keeps the creative juices flowing," he explained.

"I have outside interests," she said, lifting her chin defiantly.

"What are they?" he challenged. He liked the way she didn't bow down to him. There were very few people who had the courage to defy or challenge him but he suspected this woman would do it just on general purposes. That thought made him smile in anticipation.

"I can't think of any off the top of my head," she said after a moment's hesitation, "but I do have outside interests."

Michael laughed, delighted with her spirit. "Prove it," he said.

"Excuse me?"

"I said, prove it."

"How?"

"Come out to dinner with me tonight and don't talk about work in any way," he said.

"What?" She was terrified at the idea of spending time with him outside the office. The idea sent her into a panic. It was one thing to see him in the office where work was a barrier. But in a private setting? She started trembling at the idea.

"You heard me. Can't do it, can you?" he said, leaning forward on his elbows.

She had to immediately rise to the challenge, but didn't understand why. "Of course I can," she said without hesitation.

"Good," he countered. "Then let's go," he said and stood up.

"I'm sorry?" she asked standing up automatically when he did then scrambling to catch the papers that were falling off her lap.

"Dinner? No shop talk?" he said, then leaned over his desk again. "Need to back out and head back to the safety of your office?"

"No!" Darcy said, but wasn't sure exactly what she was signing up for.

"Great! Then let's go."

He was already walking towards the door and Darcy had to run to catch up with him, clasping the papers to her chest to hold onto them. She followed him out, still confused about how it happened that she was now going to dinner with him.

But they were riding down the elevator to her office so she could get her coat and purse and, a few minutes later, they were in his car, driving out of the parking garage heading to who knows where. Darcy stared out the window and tried to come up with something to break the silence.

"How long have you been doing this kind of work?" she asked.

Michael smiled in the darkness of the car. "That's work related. Got another question?" He easily shifted gears on the powerful car, turning through the streets of Washington, D.C. and navigating around the rush hour traffic.

Darcy fumed but she wasn't' going to let him prove his point. "Why don't you have plans for tonight?"

"I do. I'm having dinner with you," he said and braked at a light, turning his head to face her as he waited for her next question.

"Yes, but that was by chance," she said as he turned the corner and drove through the streets of Washington, D.C. "Apparently you didn't have plans before fifteen minutes ago."

"If you say so," he said, concentrating on traffic as he merged into the late rush hour mess trying to get out of the city. A moment later, he pulled up to a posh restaurant and handed the keys to the waiting valet. He came around to her side of the car and guided her into the restaurant with a hand in the small of her back.

"Good evening, Mr. Attracelli. This way," the maitre'd said as soon as they walked through the doors.

They were led to a table in the far corner of the restaurant looking out onto a colorful courtyard. The waiter arrived and Michael ordered a bottle of red wine and then they were alone. Michael laid down his menu on the table, folded his hands and looked at her.

Darcy floundered, trying to understand what he wanted from her. "You're waiting for me to come up with some topic of conversation that doesn't have to do with work, aren't you?" she asked, suddenly nervous.

Michael just nodded, a challenging smile on his face.

She placed her menu on the table and folded her hands on top of it, wondering what she could possibly talk about with this dynamic man. Darcy chewed her lower lip and concentrated. What did normal people talk about at dinner? She couldn't remember the last time she'd gone out with people outside of work. "Well, I don't know what to talk about because I don't really know you very well. What types of hobbies do you have?"

She could see the admiration in his eyes. "I love to ski and my family all goes out to Colorado at least once a year over the holidays. I also love different types of sports, golf and tennis especially."

"I love tennis," she exclaimed, latching onto the one common interest. She smiled as if she'd won a prize.

"When was the last time you played?" he asked and he was disappointed when her smile immediately disappeared.

The worry was back. "I can't remember."

"Do you ski?"

Darcy shook her head. "I always wanted to but never got around to it."

"Why not?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "Can't discuss it," she laughed.

"Ah. Okay, move on to the next question," he said, waiving the wine steward on to serve instead of tasting the wine first.

Darcy took a sip of wine and savored the wonderful taste. She usually drank beer simply because it was cheaper and she didn't know how to choose wines. But she preferred a good red wine that was crisp and full bodied. "Oh, this is nice," she said, closing her eyes as the liquid melted down her throat.

Michael's throat clenched and his stomach muscles tightened as he watched the pleasure on her face. He wanted to be the one to put that pleasure there, not some damn wine. He mentally shook himself and re-focused on her face. He knew he had to play this right, otherwise, she'd run the other way as fast as she could. He wanted to reach across and kiss her luscious lips, taste the wine....He was holding onto his control by sheer willpower.

And then she smiled.

She wasn't playing fair, he thought. She was breaking all the rules by flashing those dimples. Then she took another sip of wine and had to look like he'd just given her nectar from heaven. His mind went blank again.

She was so gorgeous, he just wanted to sit there and watch all her facial features. She'd never be able to play poker, he thought. Everything she was feeling was right there on her face. He remembered playing poker with his two brothers Gus and Thomas and Thomas' wife, Victoria, last weekend. Victoria was the only woman he knew who could play a good round of poker. Michael and his brothers occasionally got together to play poker but none of his older brothers' wives had ever been interested until Victoria entered their game. Thomas had warned everyone not to take Victoria's prim, sweet demeanor seriously when they played but no one had listened. Victoria had cleaned them all out, that night. He laughed at the idea of Darcy playing poker. Was she like Victoria? Or would her emotions be all over her face, like they were now?

His mind thought back to the moment when he watched her walk into his office tonight. Boy, she'd been mad. And she was stunning when she was mad, all fire and energy radiating from her tiny figure. He'd had to get off the phone immediately, not even remembering who he was talking to when he'd noticed her standing in the middle of his office, brimming with pent up frustration.

Darcy wracked her brain for a different topic. She latched on to the only personal item she knew about him. "I know you have several siblings. How many?"

Michael grimaced. "Too many sometimes," he laughed. "I have three older brothers, one younger and a younger sister."

"Wow! What was it like growing up in a household like that?"

"Fun, most of the time."

"Why not all the time?"

"I'm guessing you're an only child?" at her nod, he continued. "Well, with four brothers and a little sister, things can get a little crazy." He told her stories about competing for toys when he was younger and girls when he was older. She laughed when he described the lengths he had to go through to keep his toys safe from his brothers who constantly tried to steal them from him.

"What are their names?" she asked.

"Sal is the oldest and he's married to Laci, a lawyer who fights for the underdog usually. They have a little boy and are about to have their second child. Then there's Thomas and his wife Victoria. They have twin boys and Victoria is pregnant again with their second set of twins. The next in line is Giuseppe but everyone calls him Gus. We have no idea why my parents placed the horror of that name on him but don't feel sorry for him. He's married to his new wife who is also pregnant with her first child. I'm the next in line and the youngest brother is Carlo who isn't married yet. The youngest in the family is Antonia. She was the first to get married and is very happy with her husband Brett Hancock. They have two children, a little girl and a boy."

"Wow! That sounds like a huge family." Darcy couldn't even begin to recite all the names again. There were too many. And she'd lost count of the children after the first few he mentioned.

"I also had an older sister, Sophia. But she died in college."

"I'm sorry," she said, sensing that it had been a terrible tragedy for his family that still hadn't healed.

"What was it like growing up as an only child?" he asked, changing the subject from a painful time in his life.

Darcy shrugged. "Quiet. My parents loved to read. And we didn't have a television. My parents hated TV thinking it was a waste of time to watch it."

"Do you have one now?"

She grinned in a self-deprecating way. "I have one, but I haven't taken it out of the box. I got it when I graduated from college and got my first apartment. It was sort of a defiant move on my part. I decided I was going to watch television every night for hours in rebellion for a lifetime of missing all the television shows, hearing about them at school and feeling left out because I couldn't relate to what the other kids were talking about."

"How was it defiant?"

"Well, it was only an attempt at being defiant. I never told my parents about buying it. They would have been upset with me."

Michael threw back his head and laughed. "I guess the silent rebellions are usually the most effective, huh?"

"Not really," she grimaced. "I would need to view it for it to have been a serious rebellion."

He chuckled but nodded his head in agreement. "So why haven't you taken it out of the box?" he asked.

"Well, initially, I was waiting until I bought my first house. It didn't really fit into my apartment since the rooms were too small. But then I bought my current house and couldn't find a place for it. Each place I tried, it just looked bulky and awkward. The shelves were already filled up with books or boxes of books so I just kept pushing it from one corner to another. Eventually it got pushed into a closet and I forgot about it."

"So you still don't watch television?"

"Nope. And I don't miss it anymore."

"You don't hear the others talking about the shows in the kitchens?"

"Sure I do. I'm just grateful I didn't waste my time watching the silly shows," she grinned cheekily. "Have you heard of some of those shows on now?"

They talked for hours and Darcy couldn't remember any other time she had felt so free to talk about whatever came to mind. Later that night when she was climbing into bed, she realized that she wasn't able to talk to her parents the way she talked to Michael. They were too cerebral and wanted only topics they considered "enlightening" or mentally "uplifting". With Michael, she could talk about anything, even if the subject was completely irrelevant or outlandish. Occasionally he was just as far fetched which made her feel good about her outrageous thoughts.

Darcy woke up Saturday morning and wondered how she was going to fill her day. Remembering Michael's comments from the previous evening, she made a commitment not to work. Unfortunately, she had no idea what to do otherwise. She stood in the middle of her family room in wool socks and a sweatshirt, her usual sleeping attire, and wondered what normal people did on the weekends.

She thought about her response when Michael had asked her if she liked to ski. She was now embarrassed that she'd never taken the time to do anything fun or adventurous.

Darcy made a pot of coffee and sipped the steaming brew while contemplating the lack of adventure in her life. She sat down in her well-worn, armchair, the only chair in her family room, and propped her feet up on one of the boxes of books she still hadn't unpacked from her move several years ago.

As the coffee woke her up, she contemplated her life, what she'd done and where she'd gone. anywhere. school. Their social studies teacher had given them an assignment to draw a map of the world with all the countries. She and her friend had spent hours coloring in all the countries of the world. They had poured over books, discovering facts about each culture and dreaming about the day when they would travel around the world to exotic and romantic places.

Or, more to the point, the fact that she hadn't really done anything or gone

Darcy remembered a conversation she'd had with a friend of hers in high

Looking around her house, she tried to remember the last time she'd taken a vacation. She'd been working for six years since she'd graduated from college and she'd only been on a few weekend trips to nearby states. She'd been to Maryland and West Virginia, but that was to see college football games. Darcy suspected that she'd be hard pressed to consider those romantic or exotic.

Sipping her coffee, she accepted that she was only twenty-eight but she hadn't really done anything adventurous or crazy yet. Was she missing something? Was there another life out there that she should be living? Darcy genuinely loved her job, but she looked out the window of her kitchen and saw the trees for the first time since moving into her house and knew that she was missing a lot in life.

Over her second cup of coffee, she sat down in her kitchen at the folding table and chair that she used to eat her meals on and made a list of all the things she'd always wanted to do, but never taken the time. It was difficult at first, but once she started, the list went on and on. At the top, she had sky diving, scuba diving, snorkeling, hang gliding, riding a motorcycle, dancing, rock climbing, running a marathon... and towards the bottom, she had items such as pottery, ballet, gourmet cooking, gardening and horseback riding.

After two hours, she had a list three pages long. What should she do first? She was looking out the window and saw a couple walking along the sidewalk, holding hands. A lump formed in her chest and she realized another item to add to her list. With shaking fingers, she wrote "Fall in Love" at the bottom. Then she pinned the list up onto her refrigerator.

Looking around, she wondered where she should start. Sighing deeply, she knew the answer even though she didn't want to do it. She had to organize her house, buy new furniture and make it a more inviting environment.

She walked out of her kitchen and into the small family room. There were two pieces of furniture; her beaten up old armchair that was now faded and had strings coming out the corners, several springs broken and the fabric was so faded, the pattern was no longer recognizable. There was also a small coffee table with so many scrapes it could barely be classified as whole anymore. The rest of the space was taken up by stacks of books and boxes she'd never unpacked. Why hadn't she ever seen how awful this place looked?

As soon as she asked herself the question, she knew the answer. She wasn't ever here long enough to see her home. She worked too many hours.

Darcy was ashamed that she'd been living in this house for over three years and had never finished unpacking. There were boxes all over the room. Some of them still in the middle like the one she'd absently propped her feet up on while sipping her coffee earlier.

"Well, it is time to finish unpacking," she said out loud. She changed into jeans and an old tee shirt, tied her hair back into a pony tail and started in the family room. Picking up the boxes one by one, she hefted them up and down the stairs to the basement storage room that was, ironically, empty. put most of the books onto the bookcases. her small family room and was amazed by how much potential the room had. Her house was an old cottage style, two bedrooms with a kitchen, one small bathroom and this bright, airy family room that had wonderful windows on two sides. The floors were all hardwood made of a dark wood that glowed warmly. On the far wall was a white, brick fireplace that she'd never used.

By reorganizing the shelves, she was able to

At the end of four hours, she looked around

Surveying the area, she wondered what her next step should be. It had to be something that made her want to stay out of the office and possibly create a more homelike environment here. "Shopping," she said, knowing that buying new furniture was the only solution in this case. search of new furniture. have to start somewhere. needed a better looking home. She let out a groan at the idea of going from store to store in

She had never been very good at decorating. But she would If she wasn't going to spend her whole life in the office, she

Darcy showered and changed into a clean pair of jeans, a sweater and pair of tennis shoes. Since she was going to be wandering around furniture stores, she would need to be comfortable.

Three hours later, she was frustrated and discouraged. She'd walked through three different furniture stores and hadn't been able to make a decision about anything. She sat down on a bench and felt her determination slipping. Work was much easier, she thought.

"Why aren't you at the office?" a deep voice asked from behind her.

Darcy was so startled she jumped up off the bench and whirled around, wondering who had asked that. Then she saw him. He was only three feet away wearing jeans and a green sweater over a white tee-shirt and looking sexier than any man had a right to. "What are you doing here?" she asked, forgetting to even greet him.

Michael walked over to the bench and sat down. "I was driving by and saw you sitting here looking dejected. I thought it was probably because you missed me," he winked at her, "so I decided to cheer you up."

Darcy's breath caught in her throat. He was teasing her about missing him. Since he'd been on her mind all morning, he was too close to the mark for her peace of mind.

"What do you mean? I'm cheerful," she said and pasted a smile on her face. It didn't reach her eyes and he could tell that it was forced.

Michael shook his head and reached out to take her hand. He pulled her down next to him and turned so he was facing her. "What's wrong?" he asked.

Darcy considered lying, not sure she wanted someone as confident as he was to know she wasn't even able to make a decision on furniture for her house. But when no other plausible explanation came to mind, she decided to confess. "I need help."

Michael's eyebrows went up at her dejected tone of voice and admission of a weakness. "Okay, that's a start. Help with what?"

Taking a deep breath, she explained. can't seem to decide on what would be overwhelming. I'm about to give up." "I need new furniture for my house but I

right. The whole process seems too

He was cheered by her request, flattered even that she would confide in him. He also liked sitting next to her, smelling the fresh scent of her hair and looking down into her pretty green eyes even if they looked like they were about to spill over to tears. "Don't give up. This is progress. Normally you'd be at the office now, wouldn't you?"

At her nod, he continued. "What type of furniture do you like?"

"Comfortable furniture," she stated flatly. That much she knew.

Nodding, he went on. "That eliminates a lot of stores. What was wrong with this one?" he asked, waiving to the large furniture store they were sitting in front of.

She glanced up at the giant store that had housed an enormous amount of furniture. "Nothing. There were just too many choices. Everything seems nice."

"But you just don't want to be stuck with something you might not like in a week so you don't choose anything, huh?"

Darcy didn't like the sound of that but knew it was the truth. "Basically, yes."

"Come on," he said and took her hand, dragging her towards the doors she'd just exited. "Surely there's something in here you like."

They went through the store and he pulled her down onto every chair and sofa they came across. At first, Darcy was flustered when he sat down on the sofas with her. He was too close for her to concentrate on what he was saying. At times, they were so close, their shoulders and arms were touching. During those moments, she wasn't sure what color the sofa was, or how soft the stuffing felt. All she knew was that he smelled wonderful and he had too many muscles for one man.

After an hour, she had selected two overstuffed chairs, a sofa and a glass coffee table. "Make sure they are delivered this afternoon," Michael said to the salesclerk drooling over the large sale.

Darcy's head was spinning, and it wasn't because of her new purchases. Michael was pulling her along, hand in hand to his car. And she liked it way too much.

"I think you need a cup of coffee and then on for a new kitchen table," he said, glancing down at the list of furniture Darcy had written up before leaving her house.

Three hours later, she pulled up to her house, Michael behind her and a delivery truck behind him. The delivery men moved her new family room furniture into place, and then left quickly.

"Look at this!" she said excitedly. "It is wonderful," she said and almost danced around in her excitement.

Michael sat down on the sofa and stretched out, enjoying her excitement and the fact that he'd helped bring it to her. "See? I told you life was more fun than work," he replied. "Now you have to make me dinner because I don't have the energy to do anything else."

Darcy bit her lip. She thought about the contents of her refrigerator and knew there wasn't much in there. Smiling, she walked over to the fireplace and leaned against the mantle. the inside. steaming vegetables that are delicious and al dente?" "Let me see. How about freshly baked bread, crusty on the outside, soft on Tomato sauce with savory spices, two kinds of cheese melting all over and

Michael's mouth was already watering, but not from her description of the food. His body was on fire for her because of the way she looked as she described it. Darcy's eyes were half closed and her body was coiling with tension as she thought about the possible meal. She looked like she was in the throes of passion and every cell in her was anticipating his next touch. Michael grew hard as he thought about that possibility. Clearing his throat, he nodded. "Sounds great."

Darcy laughed and gracefully walked over to the phone. She dialed a number from memory and a moment later, spoke to the person who answered the other end. "Hey Joe, Can you deliver my usual but make it an extra large?"

Michael threw back his head and laughed. Pizza. Delivery pizza at that.

Darcy put on a jazz CD and they feasted on pizza and red wine. Michael was a die hard republican and Darcy a democrat. So they argued about the issues ranging from capital punishment to education as well as everything in between.

They laughed and argued and Darcy learned again how nice it was to talk about anything that occurred to her. No matter what she said, Michael took her seriously or allowed her to be silly, tossing back wild or ridiculous ideas himself.

Darcy was laughing at something he said and her head fell backwards. When she looked back up, he was staring at her oddly. The moment grew and she licked her lips, wondering what it would be like to be kissed by his firm lips. She noticed him staring at her mouth and her own opened slightly. The silence was heavy and laiden with tension. She glanced up into his eyes, then back down at her wine glass, not wanting him to find out how much she wanted him to kiss her, afraid the need would be in her eyes.

"I'd better leave," Michael said, feeling an overwhelming need to kiss her. He didn't want to act on that need, afraid he'd scare her away. He also reminded himself that she worked for ATI and he was a vice president. It wasn't a good thing to force himself on an employee. He stood up and stretched, wanting to pull her into his arms. Her cheeks were rosy from the wine and the laughter. She looked especially lovely tonight since she was relaxed and laughing instead of feisty and concentrating on work issues.

Darcy glanced at the clock and gasped. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was so late." She jumped up and grabbed his wine glass, putting them into the sink. He followed behind her with the empty pizza box. The kitchen was small, just large enough for one person to move around while the other sat at the table. With two people moving, and one as large as Michael, the space seemed even smaller.

"Sorry, I was going to throw this away for you," he said, looking down into her eyes. He slid between her body and the table, holding the box above her head.

"No problem," she said, her voice barely a whisper. She couldn't think while their bodies touched. Her breasts rubbed against his chest as he made his way across the small space. Darcy moved out of the kitchen quickly, not wanting to be trapped by his large and incredibly male body again.

Darcy walked him to the front door, her knees shaking from the contact in the kitchen. "Well, I guess I'll see you at the office on Monday," she said, opening the front door.

Michael hesitated. He knew he should leave. But he wanted to kiss her, had been dying to kiss her ever since she's started describing the pizza hours ago. Hell, who was he kidding? He'd wanted to kiss her ever since she'd walked into his office last week, scared but defiant while presenting her ideas to him. He'd instantly wanted to take her into his arms and kiss the fear away, promising that he could make things better for her.

He looked out the door into the darkness, knew that he should leave her alone. He was her employer and kissing her would cause all sorts of complications professionally. Besides being morally wrong, it was probably legally wrong of him to kiss her. But staring at her full lips as they trembled slightly, it dawned on him that she was waiting for him to kiss her. With that knowledge, all sense of professionalism slipped out the door.

Michael grabbed the front door and pushed it shut, an action which surprised Darcy enough to have her stop looking at the floor and up at his face.

With a groan, Michael pulled Darcy into his arms and gently kissed her lips.

With the first tentative touch of his lips against hers, Darcy closed her eyes and let the feelings crash over her. His lips started off soft and tender, but when she didn't pull away, he tightened his hold on her arms and increased the pressure, asking for, and then demanding entrance to her mouth. She gasped at the latent passion and he took that opportunity to deepen the kiss.

His tongue mated with hers and she was helpless to follow his lead. He was holding her head, his fingers tangling in her long, brown hair. Darcy leaned into him, unable to support herself as the kiss took over. Unable to think, she just let herself feel. The desire was quick in coming, had been simmering under the surface all evening long.

Darcy let her arms creep up his chest, reveling in the muscles underneath the soft sweater that sprang to life as soon as she touched them. He pulled her more tightly against him and she could feel the evidence of his desire against her stomach. Darcy whimpered and let her arms go all the way around his neck, her fingers carefully touching his hair as it curled over her fingers.

Michael wanted to lift her up into his arms and carry her off to her bedroom to make love to her for the rest of the night. He couldn't believe how much he wanted this tiny woman in such a short time. The more he got to know her, the more intense his need for her became.

Michael shifted and had her back against the wall, freeing up his hands to explore her, touch her. He absorbed her gasp when his fingers touched bare skin under her sweater. He didn't dare move again until he felt her relax again under his fingers. He wanted her desperately but he knew that if he moved too quickly, she would run just like a scared rabbit.

Reminding himself of that thought, he pulled back and looked at her. The look in her eyes told him she was just as affected by their kiss as he was. And he also remembered that she was an employee and he shouldn't be doing this.

"I'd better go," he said suddenly.

Darcy's eyes opened and she nodded. "Okay," she said and smiled shakily. "Thanks for your help this afternoon."

Michael smiled. "My pleasure," he replied and pulled the door open. He disappeared into the night a moment later.

Monday morning, Darcy was in the office bright and early. She felt completely refreshed after staying away from the office for the whole weekend. She was ready to dive in and was plowing through her workload, getting more done than she ever thought possible.

A knock on the door about mid morning startled her. And she was even more shocked to see Michael standing there.

"Good morning," she said, a small, shy smile on her face.

Michael smiled back then shoved his hands into his pockets. "I needed to talk to you."

Darcy put her pen down and leaned back in her chair. "Okay. What about?" she asked.

Michael watched her, wondering if she hated him as much as she should. He had taken advantage of her this past weekend and he hated himself for it. He'd come down to her office apologize but looking at her, he didn't really want to. He wanted to take her into his arms and kiss her until her lips were soft and her eyes were filled with passion again.

He sighed and ran a hand through his hair, pushing those thoughts aside. They were counter productive to what he had to do.

Michael turned away, recognizing the wariness enter her eyes and taking it to mean he really had overstepped himself this weekend at her house. Clearing his throat, he tried to come up with a way to apologize. "About Saturday night," he started, 'I wanted to say that I'm sorry for...." He couldn't finish the sentence because he wasn't really sorry. He wouldn't give back that kiss for anything. But he had been out of line. "I mean, I shouldn't have done that and I am sorry for that," he said awkwardly.

Darcy listened to him stammer out an apology for one of the most exciting moments of her life. He was sorry for kissing her? "I don't really understand," she said, picking up her pen again and crossing her arms over her chest in a protective measure.

Michael sighed. "I stepped out of bounds that night. It won't happen again. Can you forgive me?" he asked, looking at her lovely, confused face hopefully.

Darcy felt like her heart had turned to ice. He regretted kissing her! She felt like a fool. Well, what could she expect? She was an employee, not a supermodel or an actress which was the kind of woman he probably dated. wealthy, he could have just about any woman he wanted. insecure workaholic like her?

He was so gorgeous and

Why would he want an

She'd known he was out of her league but now he was coming right out and saying it. She shook herself mentally and faced him, not wanting him to see how hurt she was over his apology. "Listen, it was a nice night but you don't have to worry about anything. It's over, right?" she said and picked up the papers she'd been working on. She pretended to start working again but felt herself breaking in two as he continued to stare down at her.

"Darcy," he began, but was unable to find the words to finish.

"Yes?" she asked, looking up inquiringly. "Was there something else?"

Michael sighed. "No. I'm sorry to have bothered you. Let me know if you have any problems with the proposal. I'm at your disposal."

With that he left her office and disappeared down the hallway.

Darcy stood up on shaking legs and closed the door. She would not cry, she told herself. She just needed a few minutes alone to compose herself.

She had been wondering how she would react to seeing him again in the office and now she knew.

Well, that's that! She picked up her briefcase and pulled her list of activities out. Darcy decided it was time to get on with her life and stop existing. She'd made a list of things she'd always wanted to do and now was the perfect time to start doing some of them. She would start on those immediately, she thought. Clicking onto the internet, she searched the web and found a scuba diving class that would start in three days. She called the school and asked if there were any openings. When she was told there were, she signed up on the spot and paid by credit card.

She thought about something that wasn't on her list but that she knew needed to happen. Darcy clicked around and found exactly what she was looking for. Calling the dealership, she arranged to test drive a brand new, fire engine red roadster convertible. It was almost lunchtime so she picked up her purse and headed down the hallway.

"Hey Darcy, do you want to join us for lunch?" Jim called as soon as she saw him. If Michael hadn't been standing in the small group of people, Darcy might have agreed. But he just stood there, watching her with a blank look on his face so she smiled and pressed the call button for the elevator. "Sorry, Jim. I have other plans," she called back and was grateful the elevator doors opened up immediately so she could step inside and disappear from Michael's view.

Two hours later, Darcy walked back into the office. She tossed her new keys into her purse and almost skipped down the hallway back to her office. She was now the proud owner of a brand new roadster. Gone was her sensible, brown, nondescript sedan she'd bought ten years ago. She shuddered at how her bank account had been depleted in the past week since she'd just bought new furniture for her whole house and now a new car. But she didn't regret her purchases in any way. She felt revived!

Sitting back at her desk, she reviewed her list again. Was there anything else she could be doing? She crossed off motor cycle driving. She figured that driving her new little car would be just as fun and somewhat less dangerous.

Darcy ran her finger down the list, trying to figure out what she could do in addition to the scuba lessons. Gourmet cooking lessons? She remembered Saturday night and the fact that she didn't have anything in her refrigerator except for milk to go on her cereal and some ketchup. There might have been some olives as well, but she wasn't' sure.

A few more clicks on the computer and she came across a community center that had a host of hobby classes. Within ten minutes, she'd signed up for a basic cooking class, a pottery class and a horseback riding class. The cooking class was Monday night, pottery Tuesday, Scuba diving was Thursday nights and horseback riding on Saturday mornings.

Was that enough? Would that qualify for "living" in Michael's mind, she wondered.

She pushed that thought aside and looked at her computer. "Oh no!" she gasped. She was late for a meeting, which normally wouldn't be much of a problem, but since she was leading it, she needed to hurry to the conference room.

"I'm sorry I'm late everyone," she said as she took the only seat available. "Okay, let's see where we are on this proposal," she started. Darcy forced herself to concentrate on what the people were saying but each time someone walked by the doorway, she tensed, wondering if Michael was still on the hall. The hour dragged by and at the end of it, she felt as if someone had put a sleeping pill in her coffee.

The following two weeks were hectic but extremely satisfying. Darcy threw herself back into her work schedule. Half of her wished she'd never met Michael. His kiss had ignited something inside her that no other man had ever stirred. She thought about him constantly, wondering what he was doing. Each morning, she dressed carefully in anticipation of running into him in the hallway somewhere.

She'd dated other men before. Many in fact. But none had ever gotten into her head like he had. She'd always been very careful about what she said around them. None had made her laugh the way Michael had when he told her funny stories. None challenged her as he'd constantly done ever since their first meeting. None of her previous boyfriends had ever made her look at her life and help her to understand that she wanted so much more out of it than she was currently getting.

The worst part, and she'd never realized this before, was that she'd never thought about any of her previous boyfriends when they weren't around. Once the date was over, she'd gone on with her business until the next time they called. They had always been a separate part of her life, one she didn't want to interfere with other aspects. In fact, phone calls from them had only irritated her.

With Michael, she didn't have a choice. He'd already interfered with every aspect of her life. His words made her think and those thoughts had produced actions. In that way, she was very happy to have met him.

She loved her cooking class. In the very first class the teacher had guided them through the basics of cooking such as measurements and the science behind the food. The idea that there was actually math and chemistry involved in cooking had piqued her technical mind and she'd thrown herself into the process whole heartedly, loving every minute and each new discovery.

Unfortunately, after her first pottery class, she decided that she hated working with the medium. She didn't like the feel of the clay inside her fingers and thought the whole business was too messy for her tastes. But she persevered through the lessons thinking that there had to be some redeeming value to the pursuit if so many other people liked it.

She started cooking meals at home on the nights she didn't have a class and was thrilled with the results. She found that she loved trying new ingredients and savoring their results. Some of her trials were a success and those she brought into the office to share, since she always made too much for just one person. But others were a whopping failure. Those she just laughed off and tossed into the garbage. She'd had no idea that cooking could be so much fun and so interesting.

The best class of all was definitely the scuba diving classes. She wished she had done this years ago. She had always loved swimming but had never taken it any further than just hanging out at the pool with her friends during the summer months off between grade school Scuba diving was a wonderful experience and she was eager to try out her new skills in a real life setting instead of just in the university's large pool. She was a little nervous about the mechanics of the gear, but as the classes progressed, she became more confident that she could handle herself under the sea.

The absolute worst class so far was horseback riding. But she knew it was great exercise so she pushed her way through that as well. Unfortunately, she only took the class once a week on Saturday. So each Monday, she hobbled into work, enduring the jokes from her coworkers that she looked like a little old lady. After the first few classes, she realized that the pain was not getting any better and knew she'd have to work on getting in better shape.

Darcy joined a gym and started working out on the nights she wasn't taking a class. She worked with one of the instructors initially to get a good, well-rounded work out. The first few work outs were difficult. But after the first week, she could definitely feel a difference in her energy.

Although she was expanding her horizons with her new classes and exercises, her workload did not diminish at all. This was another area in which Michael had been proven correct. Because she had a creative outlet to balance her technical side, she came into work each day refreshed and challenged. She felt she was able to handle her deadlines. Sometimes, as deadlines approached, she felt worn out but that didn't slow her down. She had too much living to make up for.

Darcy had been living off of about four hours of sleep for the whole week when Michael decided to call a meeting to get up to speed on the status of the current proposals across ATI. It was Friday afternoon and she was exhausted and resentful that he would call a meeting so late on a Friday afternoon. Didn't he have anything better to do? She wanted to yell at him to go out and get a life, but she didn't have the courage.

As everyone settled down, she pulled her reports together and tried to become as inconspicuous as possible in the back of the conference room. She hoped he wouldn't remember that she was in the room so she could slip away afterwards unnoticed.

Michael went through all of the proposals in progress, asking questions and handing out recommendations on how to proceed if necessary.

When he came to hers, Darcy sat up slightly, but didn't acknowledge him in any other way. He asked questions of her and offered some advice, but otherwise, congratulated her on being on the right track. The meeting adjourned and Darcy bolted for the door, furious with herself for her accelerated heart rate simply because he talked to her and said she was doing a good job.

"Darcy, I need to talk to you," Michael said. His words were muffled by the others who were shuffling out the door, but Darcy heard him. She considered ignoring him but reminded herself that he was a vice president and the brother of the CEO to boot. So she turned around and came back into the room. He would probably just follow her to her office. She'd rather be in the large conference room rather than her small office. Michael's personality and the fact that he was so tall and muscular just filled up all the available space.

"How are you doing?" he asked, his eyes thoughtful.

She shrugged. "I'm fine, how are you?" she asked, ignoring the curiosity in his question and looked down at her papers.

"You look tired. Are you working late nights again?"

Defiantly, she shook her head. "It has been a rough week on the proposal effort but you just said things were on the right track."

"I'm impressed with the progress so far. I know you'll do a great job and will win the work. I'm talking about the circles under your eyes though. It is one thing to win a proposal but lose a ...valuable employee," he said.

Darcy wondered a moment about the pause before 'valuable employee' but then brushed it aside. She didn't want to think about him caring for her in any way other than professionally. She got burned with those kinds of wishful thoughts before.

"Darcy," Jim interrupted, poking his head into the conference room, "there's a problem with the server and they need your help."

Darcy noted the urgency in his tone. "I'd better go," she said to Michael, wishing she had the courage to tell him what a cad he was and that she never wanted to talk to him again. But she couldn't do that and keep her job so she retreated behind a facade of professionalism.

"Do you need help?" Michael asked. "I don't have anything scheduled for the afternoon," he offered.

"I'm sure we can handle it," she said and rushed out of the conference room.

She made her way to the lab and resolved the crisis temporarily. But biting her lip, she wondered for how long. Apparently, a corrupted file got into the server. She wasn't sure how much of the work her team had been doing for the past month was lost. This wasn't her area of expertise. Briefly, she considered going to Michael and asking for his advice. She was sure he'd be able to figure this out quickly. But since she'd just rebuffed his offer of help, she didn't want to go to him, tail between her legs and tell him that she now needed him.

Back in her office, she called several colleagues, asking for their assistance. Two of them came up and took a look at the data, then told her they weren't sure how much damage was done or how to fix the problem. Both recommended that she contact Michael for assistance.

Darcy bit her tongue each time someone made that recommendation. She was determined to solve this problem herself. She dug into the systems and tried to figure it out on her own, working until almost midnight Friday night. By that time, she thought she had stabilized the server and shut it down for the night.

Saturday morning, she immensely for the first time. having the same problems she was having and they were all able to joke about it together. Because of her exercising over the past week, she wasn't as sore as she usually was either.

went to her horseback riding class and enjoyed it

There were others in her class that morning that were

Unfortunately, the server crashed again that afternoon and Darcy spent the rest if the weekend trying to fix the problem herself.

Monday morning, she arrived in her office to a summons from Michael on her voice mail. He did not sound happy. Riding up the elevators to the executive floor felt like she was riding to a death sentence. Her feet dragged as she walked up to his secretary's desk.

Donna smiled but Darcy could see the pity in her eyes. "Go on in, Darcy. He's been waiting for you all morning," she said and her tone promised that Michael was not happy about something. Could he have found out about the server? She was the only one who had been working here all weekend. Surely he couldn't know about that. Darcy resolved that she'd have to tell him. She accepted that she needed his help now. She was all out of ideas and didn't know of anyone else to turn to for questions.

Darcy pulled her shoulders back and marched into Michael's office with her head held high, ready for whatever he wanted to deal to her.

"What the hell were you thinking?" he demanded as soon as she walked through his door. "Did you know that the server crashed on Friday?"

"Yes, but I thought I'd been able to fix things that night," she said defensively.

"Well apparently, you thought wrong. Why didn't you call me? You called both Jimmy and Ben. They both recommended that you call me. Why didn't' you?" he asked, almost yelling. He went over to slam his door shut. "Do you have any idea how much data you might have lost if they hadn't called me this morning? There's a virus eating away at the server that is connected to the LAN."

Darcy's face paled. She had gone through everything she could think of to figure out the problem but a virus had never occurred to her.

"I see from the look on your face that you weren't even aware of the problem, much less how to fix it."

Darcy just shook her head. "I'm sorry." "Why didn't you call me?" he asked, his voice softening slightly, but his hands were still on his hips as he stood in front of her.

"Because I'd already told you on Friday that I could take care of it."

Michael shook his head. "And independent little woman that you are, you spent the whole weekend her trying to fix it didn't you?"

Darcy didn't respond.

Michael looked at her despondent face but was too frustrated with her. "So what's your solution? Since you don't need my help, what are you going to do in order to save thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours of work?" he asked, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against his desk.

Darcy thought frantically but she couldn't come up with a solution. "I don't know," she said finally, defeated.

He moved closer to her and she could see the anger in his dark, blue eyes. "Well, here's an idea. Why don't you get back downstairs, copy all the files and get back up here? I'm taking over the problem as of right now and you're going to help me find the bug."

"If you could just show me...."

"No," he snapped as soon as she started speaking. "We're not playing by your rules anymore," he snapped. "Friday, I would have given you some tips. It might be too late already so get your reports, and get back up here," he said ominously.

Darcy only nodded, not arguing anymore. She had no idea how long this would take, but any amount of time spent in his company was too long. Even now, she was forgetting that he had regretted kissing her. She was remembering how wonderful it had been to be in his arms and wanted that feeling again. Her body was turning traitor on her and she didn't know how to stop it.

She turned on her heel and left his office, closing the door softly then almost running down the hallway to the elevators. Back in her office, she fought the tears and pressed the buttons that would generate the reports he'd demanded.

Thirty minutes later, she was back upstairs, her arms piled high with reports. She knocked on his door and he looked up immediately. "We'll work in the conference room where we can spread the data out," he said, and pointed to a connecting doorway.

Darcy walked into the conference room and started spreading out the reports. Michael came in and sat down in the seat right next to her and took several reports. She flinched when his arm brushed against hers. He glanced at her, but then looked down at the report. "Okay, here we go. We're looking for any kind of aberrant..." he explained the details that might indicate that a virus had gotten through and how it had happened. Darcy nodded and took another report, this time from a pile on the other side of her, not wanting to risk touching him again.

They worked through the morning and found several of the details but still had not determined how the virus had entered the server. He snapped at her several times when she looked through the documents and missed the items they were looking for. Unfortunately, her mind was not on the files and she knew it. Her mind was on his broad shoulders and intense blue eyes. She was fascinated by his intelligence as well.

"Darcy, concentrate. Here are two that need to be highlighted."

Darcy grabbed the papers back and highlighted the lines of code that were incorrect. "Sorry."'

Eating lunch at the conference room table, she pushed through the files and finally found what they were looking for. "Is this it?" she asked, pointing to the code that seemed suspicious.

Michael bent over her, his arm propped on the back of her chair. He was so close, she could feel the warmth emanating from his body and smell his spicy aftershave. She tried to move away, but she was trapped on the other side by the conference room table.

"That's it!" he said. "Good job."

Darcy was elated. All she wanted to do was get out of there and head back to her office. Now that they knew what the problem was, how it got onto the server, it should be a simple process to get everything cleaned up.

He moved away from her and took the pages. "Here's what we need to do now," and he rattled of a list of instructions that would enable them to save their data. "How about dinner to celebrate?" he asked, tossing the report back onto the conference room table.

Darcy glanced down at her watch. "I can't. I need to get all this done," she said, indicating his list of instructions, "and then I have something to do this evening."

"What are you doing?" he asked, moving closer.

Darcy didn't want to tell him that she had a pottery class. For some reason, it sounded too artsy to admit to someone as masculine as he was. Even now, with his sleeves rolled up and his tie loose around his neck, he looked sexy. "Um, it's just something I'm working on."

One eyebrow went up. "Sounds secretive." Darcy smiled slightly. "You're the one who told me I should get out of the office more."

"Date?" he asked. Michael tried to sound casual, but his jaw clenched at the idea of anyone but him touching her, kissing her. He had no right to be feeling this way, which only made him more frustrated.

"Not really," she said, wondering about the spark in his eyes.

"Not really? But you won't tell me what you have planned."

Darcy got mad at this point. "Look, you're the one who told me to get out and live more. I'm just following your instructions. So if you'll excuse me, I have a lot of work to do and need to get it done as quickly as possible."

With that, she picked up her reports and left the conference room as quickly as possible.

Back in her office, she dumped the reports on her desk and fell into her chair, thankful it was there because she wasn't sure her legs would hold her any longer since they were shaking so violently.

Darcy rushed through his instructions, pressed the "Enter" button on her computer and held her breath. "Wow!" she said, amazed at how quickly the server rebooted. She ran a series of tests and there appeared to be no bad effects from the virus. All the data was still available. She sat back in her chair and breathed a sigh of relief. That meant no more long days sitting beside Michael, she thought. For some reason, the thought depressed her instead of making her feel better.

Tuesday, Darcy was working through some problems when her phone rang. She looked at her watch and noted that it was almost five o'clock. She wanted to wrap things up quickly so she could get to her cooking class. They were making quiche tonight, the details of which Darcy thought were fascinating. "Darcy Madison," she answered automatically as she clicked open another e-mail message.

"Were you going to follow up with me on the virus issue?" Michael asked, deceptively quiet.

Darcy could feel the anger through the phone. She didn't answer fast enough for him she guessed because he answered for her. "Obviously not if your silence now and over the past twenty four hours is any indication. Get up here," he said and hung up the phone.

Darcy's hand shook as she put the receiver back in the cradle. She stood up slowly and made her way to the executive offices.

His secretary's desk was empty already so she went to the open doorway and knocked. "You called?" she asked, trying to keep the sarcasm out of her voice.

"Come on in," he said and tossed the papers back down onto his desk.

Darcy was self-conscious since he watched her walk across the room to stand in front of his desk. For some reason, it felt like she was a recalcitrant kid stepping into the principal's office. "What's up?" she asked cheerfully.

"Why don't you tell me?" he asked, his hands on his hips.

Darcy rubbed her hands along her slacks, wondering how much detail he wanted to hear. "Well, your solution worked, thank you very much for the assistance. Right now, we're working on the build solution and I have several people with some great ideas on how we would accomplish that."

Michael nodded. "And what are their ideas?" he asked and took a seat, indicating that she should do the same.

They spent over an hour going over the team's ideas. It was moving closer to six o'clock and Darcy started to glance at her watch.

"Do you have some place to go?" he asked angrily, his eyes narrowing at her impatience.

Darcy smiled slightly, trying to ease his anger. "Actually, I do."

He raised one eyebrow at her lack of details. "And is this a secret appointment as well or can you share?"

Darcy bit her lip. She wanted to share with him but didn't want to admit how pathetic she was in the kitchen. He seemed so well versed in everything so far, the idea of learning how to make a quiche might sound a little silly to him. "Um, well...I'm not sure you'd be very interested," she said evasively.

Michael stood up and came around his desk. "You'd be surprised. Why don't you try me?"

Darcy pushed herself deeper into the chair, wishing she could push it all back somehow. With Michael standing directly in front of her, she felt trapped and intimidated.

"I don't think that would be a very good idea," she said and stood up quickly.

Michael pushed a hand through his hair. "Probably not," he muttered. "What did you say?" she asked, one hand on the door.

"Nothing," he muttered. "Be back up here each day to give me a status," he said and went back to reading the papers on his desk.

Darcy stared at him for a moment, but then left the office.

Michael watched her leave, admiring the graceful swing of her hips in her elegant, black slacks and gritted his teeth. Her hair was tucked up into a French twist today and she looked very sophisticated but in a soft, feminine way. There were women who pushed all their femininity out of their wardrobe in order to appear professional. But Darcy's waist was too tiny and her breasts too luscious to go for the tough look. She was just too sweet and soft looking, he thought.

He knew he was acting like an ass but he couldn't stop himself. If the only way he could see her was to demand a daily status of her project, then he was going to do it. There was no other way he could think of to get her to talk to him and he couldn't think of any legitimate way he could talk to her without the rest of the company wondering what he was doing down on her floor each day.

Who the hell was she seeing, he wondered for the millionth time? She had definitely changed in the past month. She had even changed the way she dressed. She wore more feminine clothes, prettier, more flattering. The white silk shirt and pearls paired with the high waisted black slacks enhanced her figure in a way that had made him reel with desire when she'd first walked into his office this afternoon. He'd had only a taste of what she felt like that night but now he wanted more.

Making quiche during class that night turned out to be so much fun, Darcy went home and cooked another one with different ingredients. She brought both of her trials into the office the following day and put them into the kitchen for everyone to sample. One was gone by mid morning and Darcy was flattered. The second had one slice left when she went and got coffee an hour later. Unfortunately, Jim was talking to Michael and both stopped by the kitchen for coffee refills just as she was about to leave.

"Hey Michael, you've got to try this quiche Darcy made last night. It's great!" Jim said, offering the last piece to the younger man.

Michael's glance snapped back to Darcy's face and noted the blush creeping along her cheekbones. He took the offered fork and tasted a bite of the quiche. "It's great," he said flatly. "I'll see you at four this afternoon," he snapped and left the kitchen, tossing the plastic spoon into the trashcan on the way out.

Darcy stood there for a moment embarrassed. His brusque tone made her think he was only being polite about her quiche and she was crushed.

Jim cleared his throat. "Darcy, it really is great. Ignore him. He hasn't been himself lately. I've known him for years and I've never seen him so irritated about everything under the sun."

Darcy smiled wanly. "Well, I've only known him for about five weeks and that's all I've gotten from him," she replied. She didn't count the weekend when they were friends. That weekend was ruined by his regret over their final, parting kiss.

Darcy went back to her office and slumped into her chair. "He is not going to get me down," she told herself. She mentally reviewed her list and made a snap decision. She searched the internet and found what she was looking for.

"I'd like to make a reservation for Saturday afternoon," she said, when her call was picked up.

Darcy waived to Jim who walked into her office and sat down in one of her office chairs. "Yes, that would be fine," she continued. "Do I need to bring anything?" she asked.

She hung up a moment later and smiled at Jim. "Okay, I was told to get a life."

"What's next on your agenda?" he asked, laughing at her excitement. He knew she was taking cooking, pottery, scuba diving and horseback riding classes and thought it was great. He'd definitely seen a change in her over the past few weeks.

"Sky diving," she said, giddy and terrified at the same time.

Jim's eyes widened. "What?" he exclaimed, leaning forward. "You're kidding, right?"

"You heard me. I'm going sky diving this weekend."

"You mean actually jump out of a plane, thousands of feet from the earth?" he asked, horrified at the idea. "What made you decide to do something crazy like that?"

"Michael said I worked too much and that I was afraid of life. Well, does that sound like someone who is afraid to live?" she challenged.

Jim shook his head, "It sounds like someone out for a death wish." He chuckled when her whole statement sunk in. "Michael told you to get a life?"

Darcy nodded her head and laughed but waived his concerns about her safety aside. "Don't worry. I won't be doing it by myself. I'm doing it tandem with an instructor."

"Um, could you explain that to an old man whose kids are already grown up and out of the house? I'm not really up on all the new lingo."

Darcy laughed at his confusion but explained what she was going to do. "It means I'll be strapped to an instructor during the jump. I don't really want to learn how to sky dive. I just want to experience the activity. The instructor will be pulling the parachute cords and will know what to do if the parachute doesn't open"

"You mean the instructor will know how to pray that the two of you turn into a giant rubber ball and bounce instead of being crushed by the solid rock?"

Darcy bit her lip at his description. She wanted to laugh but his words were too terrifying. "Stop, you'll make me lose my nerve. I really want to do this," she said.

"I don't get it." Jim said, still shaking his head. "The idea of falling to earth with only strings and fabric to slow me down just doesn't appeal to my sense of adventure. A hot tub," he said pointing a finger into the air, "well, now that's another issue. Add a cold beer and a beautiful blond and I'm all over that scene. But then I'm too old so I guess I'll never understand the pursuit of fear and danger as a hobby," he said and chuckled. He was walking out of her office when he stopped and turned back to her. "Michael really told you that you were afraid of living?"

"Yep. And he was right."

"So now you're going to defy death and jump out of a plane?"

"I hope I'm only experiencing life the way it should be lived," she said, laughing at his description.

"You're not nervous at all about jumping out of a plane?"

Darcy shuddered. "Of course I'm nervous. But I'm not going to let it stop me. I've been afraid most of my life. I'm trying not to be afraid anymore."

Jim still didn't get it. "Well, can you update all your files before you leave on Friday night? And we'll open an ad in the papers for your replacement. Hopefully we can get some people in to interview on Monday."

"Jim, stop it," Darcy said, laughing at his teasing. "It's not going to be that bad," she said, as much for herself as for Jim.

He shook his head and left the office.

By Friday, she was terrified but determined. She had been to Michael's office two more times where he criticized her approach. She defended her ideas, sometimes loudly and was able to convince him that she had things under control, but it took all her will power to keep herself from hitting him during those two days. He was so obstinate and ornery, she was muttering to herself Friday afternoon as she made her way back down to her office.

Jim was in the hallway and heard her mutterings. "What's going on?" he asked.

"That man!" she said, the word becoming a curse.

Jim looked behind him, then back to her face when he didn't see anyone following her from the elevators. "Can you narrow that down a little?" he asked.

"Michael Attracelli!" she exclaimed. "He's driving me nuts. He questions everything I do."

Jim nodded his head in agreement. "Yeah, he can be a bear sometimes."

"Uh!" Darcy wanted to yell. "He thinks I'm afraid of life," she muttered, slapping the reports onto her desk. "I'll show him," she gritted out, forgetting that Jim was still in her office. She was shoving papers and files around her desk, slamming them on top of each other in her frustration. "I'm not giving in to his intimidation. I'm going to win that damn contract and then I'll shove life back down his throat."

"Darcy, are you okay?" Jim asked, leaning against her doorframe.

Darcy looked up and blinked, looking like she just realized who he was. She smiled brittely, "Of course, I'm okay. Why wouldn't I be okay? Just because your boss thinks I'm an idiot and completely inept, doesn't mean that everything isn't just peachy wonderful!"

Jim's eyes were wide by the time she finished. "Okay. I'm going to back out of the room now," he joked. But Darcy was already turning off her computer and slamming files into her bag to take home.

Jim strolled into Michael's office a few minutes later. staring out the window at the Washington, D.C. skyline. thoughts?" Jim asked.

He observed Michael "Can I interrupt your

Michael turned around quickly. "Of course. What's up Jim?" Michael asked then sifted through the papers on his desk.

"What's going on with Darcy?" Jim asked casually.

Michael sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. "Nothing. Why do you ask?"

Jim took a seat. "Well, I was just down in her office and she was using your name as if it were a four letter word."

Michael laughed but there was no humor in it. "I can imagine."

"Did you know that she's going sky diving tomorrow?"

Michael was instantly alert. "No. Where did you hear that?"

"From the source. She's determined to prove to you that she's living her life or something along those lines. Does any of that mean anything to you?"

"That woman is going to be the death of me!" he said under his breath. "She's driving me crazy."

Jim knew better to respond and kept silent but his eyebrows were raised and his curiosity was peaked. There was definitely something going on between Michael and Darcy and, personally, he was thrilled. He couldn't think of two people better suited for each other, although he wasn't sure if they would admit it.

Michael dragged his hands through his hair then picked up the phone. Jim quietly left the office as Michael started calling all his buddies in an effort to find out where Darcy was going sky diving. Jim wondered why Michael didn't just call Darcy to find out, but figured it probably had something to do with why Darcy was furious.

Saturday morning dawned with bright blue skies and no winds. Darcy sighed, wishing it were raining so she didn't have to jump today. Now that her anger had burned itself out, she was terrified to jump. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad, she told herself as she sipped her coffee that morning.

She went to her horseback riding class earlier in the morning. Initially, she considered skipping because of her nervousness. After considering her options, she decided to go ahead and attend the class, knowing she'd need something to take her mind off the anticipation of jumping out of a plane and falling to the earth with only thin silk slowing her down. Unfortunately, she had a difficult time in her class. They were practicing galloping and she had a little trouble controlling her horse which made her nervous. The horse fed off her anxiety and acted skittish, stomping around and not accepting her commands immediately.

She had a one o'clock jump but was told to be at the local airport two hours before hand to get suited up and receive instructions. She arrived on time and was glad for it. The others who were scheduled to jump that day were excited and she was able to lose some of her anxiety.

It was nearly time to load into the plane. She had a funny feeling and couldn't figure out what it was. She looked back towards the airport and her breath caught in her throat. She had a hard time swallowing when she noticed Michael walking directly towards the airplane. He was suited up in a jump suit and was carrying a parachute suspiciously similar to the kind other instructors had who would be jumping in tandem. Michael walked directly up to her. He just stared down at her for a moment.

"Hello, Darcy. Ready to jump?"

"What are you talking about?" she gasped.

"I'm jumping with you," he said.

Dave, her instructor came up behind them and shook Michael's hand. "Good to see you again. It's been a long time. You remember everything?"

Michael shook the other man's hand and nodded. "Absolutely."

Dave grinned and turned to Darcy. "You're in good hands. This guy is one of the best," and he walked off to partner up the other jumpers for the run.

Michael grinned down at her again. "Ready?" he asked.

"I'm not jumping with you," she gasped, already backing up, afraid of being this close to the man. She couldn't imagine what it would be like to be strapped to him for the jump.

"Good, you're crazy to try something like this," he said and took her arm to guide her off the airfield.

"I'm not leaving. But I'm not jumping with you."

"If you're jumping, you're doing it with me." He said sternly.

"No, I'm not," she said and crossed her arms over her chest, her face grimly determined.

"Darcy, if you're going to do this, you're jumping with me," and he picked her up and threw her over his shoulder, to the delight and laughter of the other occupants of the plane.

He put her down on one of the benches inside the plane and Darcy fumed at his high-handedness. If the doors hadn't closed at that moment, she would have shoved her way out and gotten off the plane. Michael sat down next to her, and all her anger over the jump dissipated and was replaced by other emotions that were just as strong and overwhelming as she felt his heat coursing through the jump suits, heating her skin and making her breathless.

A few minutes later, the plane took off down the runway. Darcy just sat there, fuming, determined to land with the plane. She didn't really want to jump now anyway. She was terrified and wanted to have both her feet on the ground. And the idea of doing it strapped to Michael's body, well, she couldn't even contemplate that.

They had reached jumping altitude and the jump instructor was hooking up the first pair to jump. Michael stood up and pulled Darcy to her feet. By this time, she was too scared to even protest. When Michael checked her straps, tightening some and pulling on the buckles, she just allowed him.

The next thing she knew, she was strapped to the front of Michael, her goggles were pulled down over her eyes and they were given the go ahead to jump. Darcy wanted to scream no, but by the time she had the insight to do so, she was falling out of the airplane and a scream tore through her whole body. She had never been so terrified in all her life and she held onto the only solid object, which happened to be Michael's thighs behind her.

Darcy ran out of breath and had to gasp, but then, the falling turned into floating. Darcy looked up at the sky, trying to figure out what was happening. Michael's canopy was opened and they were floating slowly down to earth.

"You can breathe now," Michael was saying.

Darcy looked around her. They were still thousands of feet above the earth and a breeze was wafting through the air, but it was a gentle breeze. She took a breath slowly, fearful that any movement might topple them back into the free fall they'd just experienced. Once that breath didn't produce any ill effects, she took another. Then another, and another. Then she realized what flying was all about. She'd watched birds float along the air currents and now she was doing the same thing. She shouted with joy, then held on more tightly to Michael as her shout bounced them together.

Michael was thrilled with her joy and not immune to the thrill of sky diving himself. He was ecstatic that he could share the experience with Darcy and reassured her of her safety. "Don't worry, I'll get you down to the ground safely. Just enjoy the view," he was saying through his laughter.

"Oh, Michael. How wonderful!" she replied. "I can't believe I've never done this before."

"Listen," he said, close to her ear.

She stopped talking and laughing in order to listen. It was silent. The noises of the earth were non-existent at this altitude. She couldn't hear the traffic or the birds. It was perfectly silent.

"Wow!" she said softly, awed by the experience.

"Exactly," he agreed. "Amazing, isn't it?" She only nodded in response as the tree tops came into focus below her feet.

The earth came closer and closer and she felt Michael tugging on the canopy strings as he guided them safely down to earth. Michael landed and took the brunt of the impact since Darcy was so much shorter than he was. He un-strapped them and Darcy was able to move away.

She looked around and smiled, grateful to be safely back on land, but thrilled beyond words by what she had just experienced. As soon as she turned around, she saw Michael gathering up his chute.

"Thank you," she said.

Michael stopped and stared at her, the hunger in his eyes prominent. "You're welcome," he said softly.

Without warning, Darcy threw herself into his arms, kissing him with all the pent up energy she had been storing up over the past few weeks. In the back of her mind, she knew it was the adrenaline kicking in, but she didn't care. She kissed him with all the passion she had.

Throwing her body into his toppled both of them to the ground and Michael took the brunt of the fall. Then he rolled over, putting her beneath him as the passion that was always just below the surface reared up and took over his self control. If she was going to throw herself at him, he was going to take it. One couldn't deny a starving man a meal and he'd never been one to turn away a beautiful woman, especially one that had been driving him to distraction for weeks.

The kiss deepened and her mouth opened for his. Michael's tongue instantly entered and started the mating ritual, throwing Darcy into confusion, her body arching upwards to feel more of him, wanting to touch him and let these sensations wash over her.

He heard the jeep in the distance but denied the reality the sound demanded. It wasn't until Michael heard his friend's chuckling that he knew he would have to stop kissing Darcy and that fact made him want to stand up and punch Jim out of pure frustration.

He finally tore his mouth away from her sweet lips and looked down at her, liking the way her eyes were still misty with the desire he knew she was feeling.

"Shut up, Jim," Michael said as he stood up and reached down to offer a hand to Darcy.

That just made Jim laughed harder and Michael turned so Darcy couldn't see him. "I'm sorry for embarrassing you. I promise, he is always a jerk," he said softly.

Darcy nodded; wishing the color in her cheeks would fade. "I'm fine," she said and smiled for his benefit. But her hands were still shaking and her knees were weak. She was sure it wasn't because she'd just fallen fifteen thousand feet to the ground.

"You two need a ride back to the airport?" Jim asked.

Michael picked up his chute and packed it into the holding bag until it could be properly folded for the next jump. He silently handed Darcy into the back seat of the jeep, then got in beside her. "Get moving," he finally said when they were all settled.

The jeep went through the various landing sites, picking up the other jumpers before heading back to the airport which was surprisingly close to where she and Michael had landed. The other jumpers were a little farther away, but all were within walking distance.

They changed out of their jump suits and Michael walked Darcy over to her car. They stood facing each other, wondering what to say after their afternoon experience.

"I think I should be getting home," Darcy said, looking down at the gravel in the parking lot. The sun was beating down on them and she had to squint when she looked up at him. "Thank you for helping me today," she said.

Michael smiled ruefully. "I wish you'd told me you were going to do this."

"How did you find out, by the way?" she asked, suddenly curious.

"Jim McNabb stopped by my office yesterday. He mentioned it."

"But how did you know which school I'd be jumping with?"

"I did a little research. And I also know Jim so I was able to figure it out pretty quickly," he explained, putting his hands into the pockets of his jeans.

Darcy smiled. "Well, thank you again," she said. She wasn't sure what else to say. She felt awkward just standing in the parking lot, staring at him. "I guess I'd better get home."

"You've already said that," Michael replied, smiling. He took a step closer. "Darcy, I know the kiss out there was only the adrenaline. You don't need to be embarrassed."

Darcy sucked in her breath. He thought it was only because of the jump? The whole day had been one earth shattering experience after another and now he was excusing their mind blowing kiss as simple aftermath? She straightened away from her car, furious now that he would dismiss something so easily that had moved her dramatically.

"Yes, well. Thank you again for everything," she said tightly.

"Darcy?" he said, stepping back as she pushed him out of her way so she could unlock her car door. "

"Goodbye, Michael," she said and snapped the car door shut.

Michael watched her drive away and started to get angry himself. "She dismissed me!" he said, as her car disappeared in the dust from the dirt road leading to the airport. "And what the hell is she driving?" he asked to the empty parking lot as he realized she had sped away in a cute, red roadster that fit her personality perfectly. The small, zippy car was definitely Darcy, he thought as he slammed the door to his Jaguar shut and turned the key in the ignition. "Why the hell is she mad at me? I'm trying to be a gentleman!"

Michael drove down the road after her. He suspected that she would drive straight home and he was correct. He saw her car in the driveway a half hour later. He rang the doorbell, daring her to not answer the door.

Darcy opened the door with a polite small on her face. But as soon as she realized who was standing in front of her door, the smile disappeared and she tried to push the door close.

"Whose car are you driving?" he demanded as he easily pushed the door opened and walked inside. He ignored the furious expression on her face as he turned to face, her. He wasn't leaving until she told him what he wanted to know.

She closed the door behind him, not wanting her neighbors to witness the fight that she could tell was brewing between the two of them. "Whose do you think it is?" she asked, not sure what was on his mind but not caring either. This man confused her too much.

He loomed over her before replying, "Possibly your new boyfriend's?"

She inhaled sharply, instantly offended about what he thought of her morals. "You think I kiss one man and then drive away in another man's car? Who the hell do you think you are? No one makes those kinds of accusations about me!" she stated, poking him in the chest with her finger.

He wasn't backing down until she explained everything to his satisfaction. "Just answer the question," he said, just as furious. Her comment made sense but he was beyond thinking rationally. The woman was driving him nuts.

"Mine," she said, leaning against the open doorway and crossed her arms over her chest. "I bought it five weeks ago."

Michael stopped and looked at the furious woman standing in front of him. He was just about to demand more information when the smell of something delicious cooking entered his consciousness. "What's that smell?"

Darcy stood up straighter and backed up a step. She wasn't confident enough about her cooking skills to admit that she was cooking something despite the fact that the smell throughout her house made it obvious.

When she didn't answer him quickly enough, he stepped around her and started walking to the kitchen. "Where are you going?" she demanded as he walked through her house to the kitchen.

"To find out what smells so good," he said.

"It is just a casserole I'm trying out. Nothing special," she said, her heart racing in fear of what he might think of her cooking. She remembered the last time he tried her cooking and hadn't liked it. After today, she wasn't sure she could withstand any criticism. Especially from him. She genuinely wanted to impress him but wasn't sure why. Darcy ran out in front of him, placing her body between him and her kitchen in an attempt to keep him from snooping into her cooking.

"You mean you have food in your house?" he asked with astonishment, then picked her up and placed her beside him and out of his path to the kitchen.

Darcy stood where he had placed her for a moment, shocked. Had he really just picked her up and moved her out of his way? She wanted to laugh out loud for some reason. No man had ever felt so at ease with her, so familiar that he would do something like that. She felt a warm glow form somewhere inside her despite the realization that she shouldn't let him man-handle her like that.

Then she saw him about to open the refrigerator. "Please don't do that," she called out, racing for the oven. "Please," she whispered.

"What's in the oven?" he asked sharply. He looked around the kitchen. "Where's the romantic place settings?"

Michael tried to tamp down the feeling of rage. She was having another man over for dinner!

Then he saw the list on the refrigerator. He normally didn't read other people's refrigerator lists, but the 'sky diving' line caught his attention. He pulled it out from under the magnet and started reading the lists. "What's this about?" he asked, curious.

Darcy tried to pull the list out of his hands but he just lifted it higher and, since he was so tall, she couldn't reach it. In a whispered voice, she explained, "That's my to-do list. I'm going to do every single thing on that list, thanks to your advice."

Michael read all the items, raising his eyebrows at some, smiling slightly at others. It wasn't until he came to the last item that his rage reappeared. "Who is he Darcy?"

Darcy was taken aback. "Who is who?"

He turned the list around, pointing to the last item on the list. "Who's they guy? Who are you cooking for? What's all this about?" he waived his arms at her cozy kitchen filled with new furniture and curtains and the smell of something wonderful cooking in the oven.

Darcy squinted as she read the last item. "What's wrong with my list?" She read the words, wishing she had her glasses. Then she remembered what she'd written. 'fall in love' was the last thing she'd added. Her face turned red and she glanced down at the tile floor. "That's just something I added on a lark," she whispered.

He didn't believe her. "Who is he? Don't you know office romances are frowned upon?" he said, moving closer.

His words sparked a fire in her eyes. "Is that why you keep kissing me?" she asked, pushing against his chest again. She wanted to hit him but was afraid she'd hurt herself more than she'd hurt him. He was so covered with muscles her measly punches would just bounce off him. "Is that why you keep butting into my business?"

"You bring the remains of your last date into the office, you're always leaving the office at night so you can rush off to some secret place, you have a new car, you're trying all these new things and putting yourself in danger and now you're cooking a romantic dinner on a Saturday night. Who is he, Darcy? Give me his name."

She crossed her hands over her chest and stood her ground, not willing to be intimidated by his anger or his superior height. "I'm not giving you anything. I have no idea what you're talking about. I haven't had a date in months."

"Then why were you cooking quiche the other night? Where do you go every night after work? What are you cooking tonight?"

Darcy didn't want to admit she was cooking for herself. It was too embarrassing knowing that he probably had beautiful women throwing themselves at him while she cooked large meals, just to bring them in for her co-workers. "I don't answer to you," she said, tossing her head back to stare up at him.

"Oh, yeah?" he said softly, taking a step closer. "Yeah!" she repeated, standing her ground and trying to convince herself that she wasn't nervous.

"Well, you'd better change your attitude because you definitely do report to me. I can make it a direct report if you're not careful," he said, moving closer.

"I'm not afraid of you," she said, but even she could hear the quiver in her voice.

"Who is he Darcy?" he demanded quietly.

His face wouldn't give an inch and Darcy slowly lost the battle of wills. "No one," she whispered.

She saw the surprise on his face, then the disbelief. "Don't believe me. What do I care?" she said and stepped around him as the buzzer went off.

Putting on her oven mitts, she opened the oven door and then gasped. "Oh no!" she said and stepped back as the cloud of black smoke filled the small kitchen. A moment later, the smoke detector in the kitchen went off, followed by three others as the smoke slowly filled the house.

"Open the windows!" she called to Michael who was already moving to shut off the smoke alarms.

Once all the windows in the house were opened and there was silence again, Darcy looked at the charred remains of her souffle. "What happened?" she asked, discouraged by her first complete cooking failure.

Michael came back into the kitchen after turning off the smoke detectors. He walked up beside her and stared at the black casserole dish. "Hmmm...what was it supposed to be?" he asked, happy now that whatever she had been cooking for some other man was ruined.

Darcy shrugged and tried to appear non-challant as she tried to hide the tears welling up behind her eyes. "Cheese souffle," she said softly.

Michael glanced over at Darcy and noticed the tears she refused to let fall. "Is he that important?" he asked, swallowing the lump that formed in his throat and the rage that threatened to overwhelm him.

Darcy picked up the casserole dish and set it in the sink, letting water pour over the mess. "You keep referring to someone but I'm not sure why. Who do you think I'm cooking for?"

"That's what I'd like to know." Her shoulders slumped and she leaned against the counter. "No one. I made a cheese souffle just to see if I could do it. Obviously I can't yet."

Michael watched her delicate shoulders as they shook with the effort to control her emotions. He wanted to wrap his arms around her and kiss away this discouragement, but he knew she was off limits to him. He couldn't help being around her though. "Can I take you out to dinner to make up for it?" he asked.

Darcy laughed. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Why?"

"Because you'll only kiss me again, then remember what a mistake it is to get involved with an employee and will insult me again."

"What if I promise not to kiss you again?" he asked, a crooked smile on his face.

Darcy eyed him with suspicion. "Can I hold you to it?" she asked, hoping he'd say no, wanting desperately to be held in his strong arms, to feel his muscular body against hers and wonder what it would be like to make love with him.

"Yes," he laughed. "Come on," he said and put an arm around her shoulders. He held her coat while she put it on, then led her out to his car, tucking her into the passenger seat. As he tucked her into his car, he felt a huge amount of relief flow over him now that he was with her for the evening. He'd somehow find a way to keep his hands off her.

He took her out to a small, Italian restaurant and he told her stories about different jumps he'd been on. She shuddered at some of his close calls. It was late when he drove her home. He walked her to her door and stood several feet away while she unlocked the door.

"Good night," she called back to him, wishing he would renege on his promise. But he simply waived to her from her walkway with a smile as she closed the door. Darcy watched him walk to his car and drive away, the thought that he was too much of a gentleman crossed her mind.

The next month passed in a blur. Darcy was determined to get Michael off her mind. She worked long hours and signed up for more classes. On the weekends, she was either in her office plowing through the administrative forms and reports she was now required to submit, or she left the city, pushing herself harder to find something to take the place of Michael's kisses and the feelings they generated. But nothing seemed to work. She went on a mountain climbing weekend with a beginner's class and found that she didn't like having her knees, elbows and even her face scraped up by the hard rock and, even worse, her body hanging precariously from a cliff for hours at a time.

Michael had his weekly status meeting on Friday and, thankfully, most of the cuts had healed by that time. There was only a red mark across her right cheek to indicate something might be wrong. She sat by the door and escaped quickly once the meeting was over. She didn't want to talk to him until she had figured out how to get him out of her system.

She went on a hiking trip one weekend with a group of novelist hikers. It was fine except for the evenings when she was laying in her tent wondering what kinds of bugs and snakes might be around at this time of the year. She hoped that they were mostly in hibernation or dead by now. She shivered through the whole night and was never so grateful to be in her own bed by Sunday evening. She loved having a soft pillow under her head instead of a rock and blankets keeping her warm instead of the awful "mummy" sleeping bag she'd bought for the camping trip.

Another weekend, she took a motor cycle driving class. Originally, she had crossed off the idea of motorcycle driving but she'd run across an advertisement that seemed interesting, so she tried it. The large parking lot was filled with ten other students renting one of the motor cycles the school offered as they turned corners, sped up, slowed down and went through the various mechanics of driving a motor cycle. Darcy wasn't thrilled with the experience but in the last hour, she was tired and irritated at having to control such a large piece of equipment with only her legs and arms. So she wasn't paying enough attention and, as she took a sharp corner, fell down hard, scraping her arm from her shoulder all the way down to her wrist.

"Are you okay?" the instructor asked, rushing over to her side, several other students not far behind him. The big, burly man with no hair on his head and lots of hair covering his face picked up the motorcycle she'd been assigned for the day and examined her arm. "That's a pretty nasty scrape," he announced.

Darcy looked down at her arm that was now bleeding from her shoulder down to her elbow and then again from her wrist over her hand and had to agree with him. She would have used the word horrifying instead of "nasty" but she wasn't going to argue with him. Her arm hurt too much and she was too tired. "Yes, I guess you're right," she agreed.

"Come on over to my truck and we'll get that cleaned up. I'll put a bandage on it as well."

"Thanks," she said. The instructor asked one of the other students to bring her motorcycle over to the truck and he helped Darcy.

The instructor cleaned and bandaged her arm, covering it with white gauze all the way up to her shoulder. She felt, and looked, like she was wearing a cast.

By Monday morning, she felt better and tried to go without the gauze but by mid afternoon, her shirt had rubbed the newly formed scabs away and she started bleeding again. She was in her office examining the damage, her sleeve rolled all the way up to her shoulder.

"Darcy, I wanted to discuss the status of...What the hell happened to you?" Michael said, walking into her office and looking up from the papers he was reviewing.

Darcy jumped and knocked her aching arm against her computer monitor, then grimaced in pain. "Ouch!"

Michael dropped his papers onto her desk and firmly grabbed her arm. "What did you do?"

"I fell!"

"Onto what?" he demanded, pushing her sleeve up higher so he could see how bad the damage was. "A gravel pit?"

"The street. Please don't do that!" she said, trying to pull her arm away. But he held her firmly and continued to look at her arm.

"From what? A motorcycle?"

The look in her eyes answered his question for her. "Why were you driving a motor cycle?" he yelled, furious.

"Why not?" she yelled back, not willing to defend her actions to the man she was desperately trying to work out of her system.

"Because it's dangerous as hell!"

"So is jumping out of planes but you do it all the time," she replied.

"That's different. I know what I'm doing."

"Well, I was trying to learn. I was in a class." The heat went out of her argument when she continued. She just didn't have the energy to remain angry with him. "But it was a long class, I was tired and I made a mistake," she said defensively. "Are you going to tell me you never got hurt when you were doing all the dangerous stuff you mentioned? I won't believe you if you do."

He didn't respond to her query about his accidents. "You're going to see the nurse," he said and pulled her along behind him.

"No, Michael. Please don't drag me to the nurse," her eyes pleading with him.

"Why not? That's what they are here for." "I know, but I don't want to waste their time." She honestly didn't think the nurses would be able to do much to help her. "Besides, they need to be on standby for real emergencies. I am okay. Really." And she tried rolling down her sleeve.

He noticed the small red spots on her shirt. "No you're not. You're bleeding on your shirt. Come on, you need to get bandaged up." He took her hand and started pulling her out of her office.

"Michael please don't," she said, pulling back.

He turned around and faced her, exasperated with her obstinacy. "Look, you're going down there one way or another. Or I'll make an appointment with my doctor. Whichever you'd prefer."

"I'll go get something at the drug store now," she said.

"You're being silly and you can't drive like that." He reached for her phone and dialed a number. "Melissa, can you have someone send up some large bandages? I'm in Darcy Anderson's office."

He hung up the phone a moment later and turned to face her again. "Is that okay with you?"

Darcy nodded and sat down in her chair. "You wanted to talk to me about something?" she asked, hoping to change the subject.

They discussed the status of the servers holding the data for her project. Michael had some suggestions to speed up the process. A few minutes later, the nurse delivered a huge bag of bandages, then quickly left. Michael continued to talk to her while he wrapped her arm with the soft gauze, creating another cast that was even bigger than the one the motor cycle instructor had designed.

"Does that feel better?" he asked softly as he tied a knot on the last piece.

He was too close to her. She could smell his aftershave lotion, see the golden flecks in his eyes and noticed how closely he shaved. When she looked up, she had forgotten the question. "Oh! Yes. It's great. Thank you," she said and stood up to put some space between them.

"Now explain to me why you wanted to learn to drive motor cycles," he asked, leaning against her desk and crossing his arms over his chest.

"Just to see if I liked it," she said, not having the courage to admit the real reason.

"And do you?" "Not really," she said, lifting her bandaged arm.

"What happened with your face last week?"

Darcy blushed. "It had a run in with a rock."

One eyebrow went up with her response. "Where was the rock?"

"On the side of a mountain."

There was a moment of silence before Michael let out a deep breath. "What were you doing on the side of a mountain?"

"What's with this interrogation?" she bristled. "I am not accountable to you. What I do in my spare time is my own business."

Michael pushed a hand through his hair. "I know. I'm sorry." After taking a deep breath, he asked, "So do you like driving motorcycles and climbing rocks?"

She shook her head.

"Good," and he stood up and walked out of her office, leaving her confused and irritated.

Michael went back to his office and tried to concentrate. After reading the same paragraph four times, he gave up. He stood up and glanced out the window. Something Darcy had said that Saturday night had been sticking in his mind. He kept wanting to ask her about it, wondering what she'd meant.

She'd said something about being offended each time he apologized for kissing her. What did she mean? He tossed her words around in his head, but each time he started to hope that she'd meant she liked him kissing her, he stopped. The idea was too tempting. She was an employee and there were rules against these kinds of actions for a reason. He had to adhere to them for her sake.

In frustration, Michael called up an old girlfriend. He needed to do something to get his mind off Darcy's luscious body and incredibly sensuous lips.

Darcy woke up early on Sunday morning, her body too sore to let her sleep in. Her horseback riding lessons were to blame again. She stretched as she waited for the coffee to brew. Walking to the front door in just her sweatshirt and socks, she picked up the newspaper that was already sitting on her doorstep. She'd signed up for the Sunday newspaper and intended to read the whole thing instead of getting it off the internet and reading it from her computer.

She poured herself a cup of coffee, sat down in her new chair and pulled her glasses on, getting ready to relax and enjoy the sunshine as it filtered through the now bare trees into her family room.

Darcy couldn't read the whole thing but skimmed through the articles. The Sunday newspaper was huge and had so many extra features she wasn't interested in but she had to go through several pages to find out if she wanted to read a particular section.

She went through the front section, then the real estate, tossing it aside as unnecessary since she now loved her home. The comics were cute but only a few interested her. She was reading through the newspaper's magazine, a glossy section that had tidbits of what was happening in Washington, D.C. There was an antiques mart that was open only on the weekends. She tossed around the idea of going through the aisles for a while today.

Her eyes were caught on some people that were attending the opening night of the ballet. She liked the women's dresses and looked more closely, remembering that the ATI annual ball was coming up soon. She usually didn't attend but she thought it might be a good idea this year.

Her glance was caught by a particularly handsome group of people and she recognized the president of ATI standing in the center of the picture with, what the caption explained, was his wife Laci Anderson. Darcy looked more closely and her breath caught in her throat.

"That jerk!" she said and tossed the paper aside.

"How could he!" she thought.

She picked up the paper again and read the caption below Michael's picture. "Michael Attracelli escorting Alicia Ainsley to the premier."

She read through the small paragraph and found out that apparently Alicia and Michael had once been an item. There was a great deal of speculation as to why they were now appearing in public again.

Darcy tossed the article aside then picked it up and shredded it. With all the little pieces, she tossed the remains into the garbage, then dumped the coffee grinds onto the top. "That's what I think of you're beautiful new girlfriend," Darcy said, furious beyond belief that he would date someone as shallow as Alicia Ainsley was reputed to be.

Darcy pulled on a pair of jeans and her shoes, then walked through the streets of her neighborhood trying to come to terms with what she had read in the newspaper.

Obviously Michael was not walking around the hallways of ATI, afraid of running into her. Darcy told herself she needed to stop doing the reverse. So what if she ran into Michael? There had never been anything between the two of them. Except for two mind-blowing kisses, she corrected. Kisses Michael kept excusing for some reason.

Well, they were amazing to her but since he had obviously moved on, they weren't as life altering to him. Thinking back to both those times, she had been overly emotional and probably tired. Maybe the kisses weren't the result of amazing chemistry between the two of them. Maybe it was a simple case of emotions and fatigue taking over and making more of the situation than there really was.

Either way, she needed to get over him and accept that he had already done so.

She walked back to her house and made dozens of cookies. She didn't really like eating cookies. Darcy liked more gooey desserts. But cookies kept her mind occupied and her hands moving so she couldn't think about Michael and his new love.

The rest of the week went by without incident. Darcy avoided Michael to the point of bailing out of a meeting he called and sending her deputy. She felt like a coward, but couldn't help herself.

Thursday night after her scuba diving class, she reviewed her list and thought about what she should do next. There wasn't anything on the list that she was sure would wipe out all thoughts of Michael. She wanted to live, but this was too painful, she thought as she climbed into bed. She was better off before, when she worked all the time and didn't know how exciting things could be. She even liked their fights which was ridiculous.

She set her list down on her bedside table and turned off the light, sighing deeply and thinking she needed to get out and meet other men. Maybe it was only a matter of replacing Michael's memory with someone else.

Friday afternoon, she was working on a particularly difficult section of code. She was biting her lower lip when Jim came in and sat down in one of her chairs. "So what kind of death defying plans do you have this weekend?" he joked.

Darcy let her eyes slide away from her computer screen reluctantly. "Bungee jumping," she joked and skimmed through the next few lines of code, trying to find the problem. If she had looked up, she would have seen Jim's face drain of color. "Would you recommend adding another server to generate the next set of reports? Or do you think the current server can handle the load?"

It took several moments for Jim to respond. Darcy looked over to him and smiled. "Are you feeling well?" she asked, noting that he looked a little green.

Jim didn't answer her question regarding his health. "Were you kidding about the bungee jumping?" he asked, almost paralyzed with the idea of her jumping off anything with only a rubber band to hold her legs and keep her from crashing.

Darcy laughed. "You know I never joke, don't you Jim? But what should I do about the server?" she asked, turning back to her computer screen.

"I think you need to talk to Michael."

Darcy grimaced but her heart started beating faster just at the mention of his name. "Why? I didn't think it would be such an issue to request an additional server. Do you think he needs to be in the loop?"

Jim shook his head and his palm slapped his forehead. "You really are clueless, aren't you?"

That gained Darcy's full attention and she turned to face Jim. "What do you mean? What am I missing?"

Jim got up out of the chair. "Like I said, you need to talk to Michael." And he walked out of the office.

Darcy considered Jim's advice for only a few moments before picking up the phone. Jim obviously had a reason for telling her to talk to Michael even if that motive was transparent to her at the moment.

"Hi, Donna. It's Darcy Madison. Can you put me on Michael's calendar? I've been advised to talk to him about an issue."

Donna didn't hesitate before answering. "He's available right now if you have the time," she said.

Darcy wasn't sure if she was ready to talk to him right now but decided she might as well get it over with. "Okay, I'll be up in a few minutes," she said and hung up the phone.

She made her way slowly to the executive floor, examining the pictures on the walls as she made her way towards Michael's office. She knew she was stalling.

"What's up?" Michael said as soon as she stepped into Donna's office. It seemed like he was waiting for her but she was sure he was too busy to just stand around in his secretary's office.

She followed him into his office and sat down on the sofa across from him. "Well, Jim told me I should get your advice on how to deal with a server." She went into the details of her dilemma and they talked about it for a few minutes. She explained how she wanted to approach the issue and Michael agreed.

He looked at her oddly. "Was that the only thing you wanted to talk to me about?" he asked.

Darcy got the impression he wanted her to say something else, but wasn't sure what he wanted to hear. She knew what she wanted to say. Darcy desperately wanted to ask him to put his ethics aside, ignore company policy about dating employees and make love to her. But she nodded her head instead. "I thought it was a minor issue, but he insisted that I needed to talk to you," she replied.

After Darcy left, Michael dialed up Jim's number. "Jim, Darcy just left my office," he said and Jim immediately started laughing.

"I'll bet she asked you about a server issue, didn't she?"

"Yep. What's that about?"

Jim laughed even harder. "Did you happen to ask her what her plans were for the weekend?"

Michael's stomach muscles tightened. "No," he said. "What's she doing?" he asked, terrified of Jim's answer.

"Bungee jumping."

There was silence on both ends as Michael absorbs the information.

"Was she kidding?"

"I don't know."

Michael let out a few choice words and hung up the phone without saying goodbye to Jim. "Donna, find out where the company plane is and get it back here as soon as possible," he called, grabbing his coat and keys.

A moment later, Donna came into Michael's office. "The plane is on its way back from New York. It should be here in an hour."

"Thanks. What do I have on my calendar for tomorrow?" he asked, turning off his computer and grabbing some papers from his desk.

"You have your nine o'clock with Sal and a lunch appointment with the sales group."

"Anything else?" he asked as he walked out the door.

"That's it. I'll cancel them," she said to his retreating back.

"Good idea."

Michael drove home and packed a bag then turned around and drove back to the office. It was already six o'clock when he parked his car next to Darcy's Miata, thankful that she hadn't already left.

As he rode up the elevator, he considered what he was about to do. There could be serious repercussions but he was willing to take the chance. He had to. Nothing else he'd done to get the woman out of his mind had worked so he might as well tackle the problem from a new angle: headfirst. Walking into his brother's office, he dialed Darcy's number. "Darcy, I'll be down in about ten minutes. Can you wait for me?" he asked.

Sal leaned back in his chair and listened to his younger brother's frustrated tone of voice as he ordered someone to wait for him. The conversation was obviously not going the way Michael wanted it to go. Michael had to argue and finally command whoever this "Darcy" person was to stay in her office until he got there.

Once he had the woman's agreement, he hung up and turned to Sal.

"Sal, I just wanted you to know that I'm about to do something potentially stupid."

Sal nodded his head in acceptance of Michael's statement. "I'm guessing that has something to do with the woman who is trying to leave the building before you get to her office?"

"Right. So I don't have much time."

Sal nodded again. He knew his brother well enough. This was not just another female. This one was significant. And if his brother's features were anything to go by, Sal understood what he was going through. He had experienced it with Laci just a couple of years ago. "Okay, do you need any help?"

Michael's shoulders visibly relaxed and his features softened to a grin. He knew he had his brother's support and that was important to him. "I don't think so, but I'll let you know if I do."

"Good luck. Where are you going?"

"Grand Caymen," Michael called back, already halfway out the door.

"I'll call the housekeeper and ask her to get things stocked up," Sal called out.

Michael was at the elevators when he heard his brother's comment and was grateful for Sal. Michael hadn't thought to call ahead. He knew Darcy was probably packing everything up and heading out as fast as possible in order to avoid him, but he also knew it was a futile attempt. He was going to get her to slow down even if it was against her will.

Michael thought back to the few kisses they had shared and the passion that flamed to life the moment they touched. He shook his head, knowing she was going to put up a fight. But he was going to enjoy the battles, he thought with relish.

He got off the elevator just as Darcy was turning off her light and throwing her briefcase, heavily laden with files, over her shoulder. "Just in time," Michael said.

Darcy visibly jumped when she heard his deep voice.

"Wow! I just got off the phone with you a minute ago."

"I know. I also remember telling you to stay put," he said and took her heavy bag off her shoulder and carrying it himself.

She tried to grab her bag back but he just threw it over the opposite shoulder, out of her reach. "I didn't want to. I'm tired and I want to go home. I've worked enough for two weeks and I just want to relax."

"Good. That's exactly what I had in mind," he said and guided her into the elevator.

Darcy stepped back several steps, instantly wary. "What do you mean?"

Michael pressed the button to take them down to the parking garage. "Trust me," he said, knowing she wouldn't and caught her suspicious look out of the corner of his eye.

He took her bag and stored it in her trunk but as soon as she tried to get into her car, he directed her to the passenger seat of his Jaguar. "Michael, I am not getting into that car until you tell me where we're going."

In response, Michael took her in his arms and kissed her thoroughly. Darcy was so dazed, she fell into the passenger seat and watched him come around to the driver's side. "Why did you do that?" she asked as he put the car into reverse.

"It seemed expedient."

"Ah," was all she could say.

They drove along the Potomac River to the airport but didn't park in the regular parking garages. Michael pulled up along a hangar, stopped the car, then came around to her side of the car to open the door, holding out a hand to help her out.

"Michael, what are we doing here?" she asked.

"Get your purse," he said.

Darcy reached down and got her purse just as a private jet taxied down the runway, stopping about one hundred feet from their parked car.

"This way," he said and put a hand to the small of her back, guiding her across the tarmac.

"Michael, please tell me what is going on," she said.

Michael just ignored her and walked a few paces ahead of her to speak to someone getting out of the plane. The man must have been the pilot since he was dressed in a formal uniform. He nodded and got back into the plane and Michael waived her over to the stairs.

"Come on, we're ready," he said.

Darcy followed him, wondering who was inside.

As soon as she stepped into the cabin, the door shut. "You'd better get your seatbelt on," Michael said, guiding her over to a large, white leather chair that looked like it should be in a luxurious living room instead of a private plane.

"Michael, what is going on?" she demanded, stomping her foot.

Michael got up and came over to her. "I'm kidnapping you," he said and kissed her again. This time, he didn't release her immediately. He pulled her closer, his hands gently resting on her waist as he slowly tasted her lips, nibbling on the lower lip. Darcy gasped at the desire that he seemed to instantly ignite within her and Michael took advantage of that moment, pulling her closer and invading her mouth with his. He gave no quarter as he kissed her senseless.

Darcy hung onto his shoulders since they were the only solid thing in her world at the moment. Her mind could not focus, could only feel and respond as Michael deepened the kiss, asking for more as soon as he retreated. Her fingers slid into his hair reveling in the softness of his locks. Every other part of him was rock hard. She could feel his chest pressing against her breast, his thighs as they pushed against her legs. Darcy didn't want the kiss to end and held on tightly when he lifted her into his arms and carried her over to the couch.

She wasn't aware of the plane taking off or even when it reached cruising altitude. All she knew was that Michael was finally kissing her. And this time it was different. She knew there was no holding back now.

Long minutes later, he pulled back and looked at her passion glazed eyes and nodded his approval. "That's better," he murmured.

Darcy shook her head, trying to make sense out of his comment and her surroundings. "Better than what?" she asked.

"Better than seeing you in a hospital bed or with some other scrape or broken bones on Monday morning," he said, groaning as he put his head against her forehead.

"What are you talking about? I told you I didn't like rock climbing or driving a motor cycle."

Michael groaned. "Jim mentioned something about bungee jumping."

Darcy looked startled. "Bungee jumping?"

She threw back her head and laughed at his nod. "That was a joke!"

Michael smiled but he was relieved to hear her say that. "He mentioned that as a possibility. But you've been driving me nuts for weeks wondering what you were going to try next. So I decided to have an easy weekend by kidnapping you and taking you to Grand Caymen."

Darcy stiffened. "Grand Caymen?"

"Do you have something against Grand Caymen?"

"No, but I have work to do," she said, panicking.

"No, you're going to spend the weekend in a sexy bikini right beside me. There's an ocean or a pool, take your pick."

Darcy couldn't think of anything more delicious than spending a weekend right next to him, bathing in the sun and relaxing. But she had experienced his kisses already and knew how hard it was getting him out of her mind. Spending a whole weekend in paradise...she didn't know if she could overcome that when they returned to regular life. There was the lovely Alicia as well. She didn't like the idea of him being with the other woman last weekend, then off to Grand Caymen with her this weekend. Who would be next weekend?

"Michael, I really have a lot of work to do," she said and stood up, not sure where she was going to go since the plane was thirty thousand feet over the Atlantic Ocean. But she moved to the opposite end of the plane. And since it was a very large private jet, there was plenty of space.

Michael leaned back in his seat and watched her. She was worried about something but he was sure he could overcome her fears and work through them. She needed to trust him first though. Although he knew kidnapping her wasn't the best way to start off that kind of trust.

He'd take it slow and teach her that he wasn't such a bad guy. The Caribbean sun, lots of wine and sunshine and he knew he could get her to tell him what her fears were. And he'd work them out. Now that he'd gotten through the issue of workplace romances, he felt sure he could overcome anything she placed as obstacles between them.

Pushing that thought aside, he stood up and went to the small refrigerator. "What can I get you to drink?" he asked.

Darcy's hands were fisted at her sides as she watched his strong body bend over to get the wine. "I don't want anything to drink. I want you to turn this plane around and take me back home." She was not going to go to Grand Caymen with him, she told herself. What she was going to do to avoid that, she wasn't exactly sure. He pretty much held all the cards in his hand at the moment.

Michael shook his head. "No you don't. You're just afraid of me."

Darcy gasped. She wasn't afraid of him, she was terrified. Terrified of being hurt by him, more to the point. But she didn't want him to know that. "I'm not afraid of you! Why would I be afraid of you?"

"I don't know," he said as he opened a bottle of water and took a long swallow. "You shouldn't be. I don't bite," he grinned, showing lots of teeth. "At least not where it would show, anyway."

She knew her face flamed red, but she was too confused. "I don't have any clothes, makeup, hair brush," she said, grasping at anything that might convince him to turn around.

Michael walked over to her and stood for a moment, looking at her face. "I think you'd look just lovely with nothing on at all."

Darcy's heart dropped down to her stomach at his comment. "No," she said, but it came out as more of a whisper.

Michael nodded.

Thankfully, in Darcy's opinion, the phone rang right at that moment. Michael moved over to lift the receiver and talk to whoever was on the other end of the line.

Darcy took that reprieve to calm herself down. It was Thursday night, she was only missing one day of work. He'd only said the weekend. Surely she could avoid him for three days, couldn't she? She could demand her own hotel room and could even slip out and get her own meals. This wouldn't be a problem, she convinced herself.

Michael was on the phone for a while and Darcy picked up a magazine, pretending to skim the articles. She listened with half an ear as someone discussed a hardware issue with Michael. She was struck again by how intelligent he was. He had creative solutions for so many problems. It was no wonder he was at the head of his field. His position had nothing to do with his family relations.

As soon as he put the phone down, it rang again. Michael sent her an apologetic look and picked it up again. It was a short conversation this time and as soon as he hung up, he came over to sit next to her. "That was the pilot. He says we'll be landing shortly."

"In Washington?" she asked. The flight seemed to short for the plane to have reached Grand Caymen already.

Michael chuckled as he reached an arm around her. "What are you doing?" she squeaked, his arm brushing her breast and creating havoc with her hormones.

"Relax. I'm buckling your seatbelt," he said. "You're awfully jumpy. I wonder why?"

"You would be too if you'd just been kidnapped. I have to resolve some pretty big issues on the project.

supposed to cancel them?

I also had meetings scheduled for tomorrow and how am I

I don't even have my laptop."

"There's no LAN drop on the beach, so your laptop would be useless" he chuckled and leaned closer. "I promise to keep you entertained."

Darcy pulled back. "You don't have to do that," she said breathlessly.

"You're going to have to stop doing that, you know."

"Doing what?" she whispered, looking into his eyes, hypnotized.

"Pulling away from me. It won't do any good."

"Who's good are we talking about?"

"Both of ours," he replied, his eyes staring at her lips.

"Not mine," she quipped. "You're lying. Right now, you want desperately for me to kiss you."

"No," she whispered.

"Yes. You do. I can feel it in your heart beat that's racing," he said and lifted her hand where his finger was resting over her pulse. "And I can see it in your eyes. I can sense it in the tenseness of your body. Admit it, you want me just as much as I want you. We've been denying it for over two months. I don't know how much longer I can hold off, Darcy."

Darcy had stopped breathing long moments ago and just stared at his face. It was like he was making love to her with his eyes and she could just stare, transfixed.

The wheels landing on tarmac broke the spell and Darcy inhaled sharply. "I guess we're here," she said, laughing nervously.

The plane came to a stop and Michael unbuckled his belt, then held out a hand to help her up.

The door to the plane was already opening and a stairwell had been settled against the plane. Darcy stepped out onto the first step and stopped, just staring at the beauty around her.

Most airports were filled with other planes, baggage trucks, fuel trucks, and various other handlers. But this appeared to be a smaller airport where the runway ended at the side of the ocean. Only fifty feet away, she looked out onto the spectacular view of the ocean beating against the rocks, palm trees swaying softly in the breeze and hibiscus flowers blooming profusely along the fence line. The color was amazing and breathtaking.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" Michael said close to her ear.

She could only nod, words still not coming to her.

Michael led her over to a jeep that was waiting next to the plane. They hopped in and he drove them to a small town. There, he stopped at a tiny restaurant that had only four tables to offer. A woman who turned out to be the owner rushed out to greet Michael, hugging him and pulling out a chair for the two of them at one of the tables.

"You sit here, young man," she said, her accent making the words sound melodic. "Where you been all this time? I haven't seen you in, well, I can't remember the last time I saw you," she said and jabbed him in the arm.

"Ah, well, I've been a little busy but we're here to slow down and came here first. Our plane just touched down about a half hour ago."

"Good boy," she said. "You know who's gonna take care of you, don't you?" she said and smiled, her dark skin making her teeth look extremely white. Her eyes danced as she talked, showing that she had a good soul with lots of humor.

Her name was Mia and, as soon as she had them all settled, she told them what they were going to eat today. "You are gonna love my fish today," she said and waived her arms up high. "It smells so good I almost don't want to give it up."

She disappeared behind a door and reappeared moments later with two tall frosty glasses filled with drinks.

"What's this?" Darcy asked when the woman disappeared again.

"I don't know. I never know what Mia's serving. But it's always good," he said and took a long sip of the icy beverage.

Darcy took a sip and started coughing instantly. "Whoa! A little rum, huh?" she said, but took another sip. This one went down more easily. The third sip actually tasted great. Darcy was feeling very mellow by the time their dinner arrived, steaming fish freshly broiled with some sort of cream sauce that smelled spicy.

They ate and drank, then watched the sun set over the water, not really talking about anything.

When Darcy yawned, Michael picked up her hand and kissed the palm. "Ready for a swim? That will wake you up just enough to make you sleep well tonight."

Darcy laughed. "I don't have a bathing suit, remember?"

"That shouldn't be a problem. I have a solution for everything. You just need to tell me your problem," he said and pulled her up out of the seat. He dropped some currency onto the table and called out their thanks to Mia. She appeared from behind the door with two more steaming plates of shrimp for another table and winked to them. "You two have a good time and stop by to see me. You tell me how good he is in bed, you hear?" Mia said to Darcy.

Darcy couldn't believe what the woman had said and her face flamed beat red as the other patrons smiled or laughed, nodding.

Michael laughed along with them and hugged her embarrassed face to his chest. "I'll have her stop by for a play by play, will that be good?" he called back to Mia.

"That would be perfect," she said and laughed at him rolling his eyes.

"What hotel are we staying at?" she asked as they climbed back into the jeep. "Why do you think we're staying a hotel?"

Darcy shrugged. "I just assumed," she said and watched the lights as they caught the blooms on the side of the road in the darkness.

"I think you'll find the accommodations are adequate," he said and five minutes later, he turned into a gated driveway. The gate opened automatically as soon as he drove up to it then swung closed after they'd driven through. The driveway led to a huge, pink, stucco house with lush plants growing right up to the side. It was as if the house were nestled inside a carefully groomed jungle.

The lights were on and the door was unlocked when he led her through the house. "This is beautiful," she said, taking in the marble floors and sliding glass doors that allowed an unencumbered view of the patio, pool and, farther out, ocean waves crashing against the white sand beach.

He led her through the house and showed her to a pretty room with a flowered bed spread and white whicker furniture. "Will this do?" he asked.

"I think so," she said, standing in the middle of the airy room. She had a perfect view of the pool with the lights surrounding it, the large round globes shimmering on the ocean beyond. "Is there a bathroom?" she asked, wondering what she would wear to sleep in that night.

"The second door on the right," he said, nodding to a door on the wall.

"Okay. Thanks."

"Would you like to go for a swim?" he asked, walking into the room and opened the sliding glass door to let the sound of the surf come through the room.

"I don't think so," she said but the air was hot and sticky and the idea of cooling off in the quiet water sounded heavenly.

Michael laughed softly. "You really need to learn how to lie better than that," he said and opened a closet, then pulled out a black bathing suit a moment later. "This might fit. If not, there are probably others.

Darcy had never felt so much rage rush through her body when he familiarly pulled out the bathing suit. "I don't think I want to wear one of your girl friend's bathing suits," she said and turned around intending to walk out of the room.

Michael's laughter stopped her short of the door. "You're incredibly gorgeous when you're angry. Did I ever mention that?" he said and walked up behind her, taking her in his arms and kissing her neck. Despite her fury, she shivered as his lips caressed the sensitive skin.

"The bathing suit belongs to my sister. She's a little shorter than you are, but I think the size is about the same.

Darcy's body relaxed and she turned around, unable to look at his face. She just stared at the buttons on his shirt front. "Oh. In that case, I guess a swim would be nice."

The rumbling in his chest indicated that he appreciated her jealously. "I'll change into a suit myself and will meet you outside in a few minutes."

Left alone, Darcy quickly changed into the borrowed suit and looked at her reflection in the mirror. The top part was a little large but it just allowed extra coverage, which was fine with her.

She stepped out onto the patio and glanced up just in time to see Michael stepping out from the room next door. She held her breath as she watched him walk towards her dressed only in a bathing suit. She had known he was muscular, but seeing him almost naked was definitely worthy of a sculpture. His arms and stomach muscles were well defined and he had a light sprinkling of hair across his massive chest. The stomach muscles were fascinating indeed and she let her gaze wander downward, his strong, muscled thighs and calves indicated a great deal of exercise.

"Do I pass inspection?" he asked and Darcy's face flooded with color. She hadn't realized she was being so obvious in her perusal of his body but obviously he had noticed.

His deep chuckled was accompanied by a light hug. "It's okay. I like it." He grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the moonlit pool. "Come on, let's cool off a little."

He tossed two towels onto a chaise lounger then walked to the edge of the pool. With a swift movement, he dove into the water, appearing moments later in the middle of the large, rectangular pool. "Come on in. The water isn't cold. I promise," he said and dove under to swim back to where she was standing.

Darcy knew he would probably pull her in so she dove over his head just as his hands touched the edge of the pool.

The water felt wonderful and instantly cooled her down but Michael hadn't been lying about the water temperature. The Caribbean sun had warmed the water to a nice, refreshing temperature. She emerged from her dive and floated on her back, gazing up at the stars or the moon, anything to keep her eyes off the stunningly gorgeous man swimming laps on one side of the pool.

Michael swam twenty laps in a short period of time, then dove under the water, emerging right next to her, surprising her so much that she splashed water onto her face. "I didn't see you coming up next to me," she said, gasping for air.

"Of course you didn't since you are avoiding any kind of eye contact."

"I'm not avoiding eye contact," she said defensively. "I just like looking at the moon."

"Okay, without looking up, is it a full moon or a partial moon?"

Darcy was stumped and flustered since he was walking towards her slowly, swishing the water around both of them with his hands. He looked rakish with his hair messed up from the water and Darcy's hand itched to smooth it back down so he didn't look so inviting.

"Umm..." she said, licking her lips and taking a step back. She needed space so she could think. Her mind wandered off into dangerous places when he was this close. "Partial," she replied.

"You guessed," he said and moved closer.

With each step he took towards her, she took another back. She knew he was going to kiss her and she needed to avoid that.

"You're beautiful," he said softly, changing the subject.

Darcy's throat was tight so she could barely whisper, "Thank you."

"I'm going to kiss you," he said and he calculated that there were only a few more steps before she ran into the side of the pool and couldn't retreat anymore.

"Please don't," she croaked out.

"I have to. I've wanted to ever since we stopped kissing on the plane."

"No."

"Give in to the inevitable," he said as her back touched the tiles of the pool. He took the last step, eliminating all but an inch of space between their bodies. He looked down at her face, seeing the desire he felt reflected in her face, but he also noted the fear and uncertainty. That was the only thing holding him back from making love to her tonight. He didn't want any fear in her eyes or any uncertainty between them. He wanted her to be just as sure of that moment as he knew he already was.

Michael bent down and gently touched her lips with his then pulled away slightly. "Yes."

Darcy shook her head but her eyes were closed and her face was waiting for his next kiss.

Michael put his hands on her hips and lifted her up so she was sitting on the side of the pool. Her face was now even with his. He moved between her legs, then pulled her hips so they were flush against his torso. "Yes," he said again and kissed her, his lips gently persuading her to participate instead of just receive.

The second touch of his lips was too unsatisfactory for Darcy. She needed more, so much more. She sighed against his mouth and wrapped her arms around his neck, her body giving him the permission her mind could not articulate.

At her silent permission, his lips took hers in a passionate kiss, his tongue sliding between her lips, tangling with hers. He pulled her closer and felt her nipples harden against his chest and he almost lost his control.

Darcy had never experienced these kinds of feelings. She'd date men in the past but had never been kissed to the point where she lost all sense of time and place. She wanted more but couldn't tell either of them what that was.

Moving her arms away from his neck, she reached down to touch his shoulders, reveling in the strength and power in them. She loved the feel of the muscles in his arms and thrilled when they tensed at her touch. She wanted to touch all of him but didn't dare.

Michael slowly pulled down the strap to her bathing suit, revealing one, perfect breast to his eyes and touch. He swallowed Darcy's whimper of pleasure when his thumb flicked over the already taut nipple. Tearing his mouth away from hers, he kissed her neck, her ear, nibbling along her shoulder blade. The other strap came down as well and he feasted his eyes on her bare breasts, barely able to think as the pleasure coursed through him.

Darcy moved, unable to endure his gaze on her breasts. She wanted to feel him, but her bathing suit was trapping her arms to her sides. She started to lift her arms out, but he held them there. "You can't touch me anymore. I only have so much control left and your touch will send me over the edge," he groaned. "No, don't pull back just yet. I promise I'll stop when you tell me to," he said and leaned down to take her nipple in his mouth. He prayed he was telling her the truth and would actually be able to stop when she called a halt to their foreplay.

Darcy gasped and leaned back, giving him greater access to her breast while at the same time needing the pleasure-pain to end. He wouldn't give in to her need though. She was helpless as he lathed first one nipple, then moving to the other while his hand massaged the first. Her breathing was labored but her legs wouldn't release their hold from around his waist.

"Please!" she begged.

"Please what?" Michael asked, moving his mouth back to her neck. "Please make love to you? Tell me what you want," he told her, taking her ear lobe between his teach. "Tell me what you want."

Darcy shook her head, trying to say the words, to define what she needed. "I don't know."

Michael pulled back and slipped the straps back onto her shoulders. She looked confused and he relented slightly, coming back for one more kiss. "I want you Darcy. But I want you to want me just as badly, with no regrets and no recriminations. Until you can come to me with certainty, I won't go any further."

He took a step back and put one hand on each side of her, leaning against the tiles of the pool. "Can you say that you want to make love with me yet?"

She couldn't speak but shook her head. She didn't know what she wanted, but knew she wasn't ready for that step.

Michael sighed. "I'm willing to wait for you. I'm that sure that you'll eventually see how incredible it will be between the two of us. But you need to walk away now. I want you too much at this moment."

His eyes watched her, challenging her to stay and finish what they'd started. But Darcy quickly pulled her legs up, the fear back in her eyes as she quickly walked down the patio and into her room.

Darcy had trouble sleeping that night. She tossed and turned, listening to Michael as he swam laps in the pool, wishing she could dive back in and cool off herself. He swam for over an hour and she heard him walk into the room next to hers. The walls were too sturdy though so she couldn't hear him moving around and wasn't sure when he got into bed.

She didn't fall asleep until nearly dawn so when she felt someone nudging her, she was still exhausted and half asleep, thinking she was still dreaming. In her dreams, Michael was making love to her on the beach, the hot sun was beating down on them and she was pulling him into her arms. But he kept pulling away despite her pleas for him to make love to her.

Michael groaned as he pulled her arms down from around his neck. He called out to her, desperate for her to wake up and understand what she was doing to him. If she was still willing, he'd be more than happy to continue. "Darcy, wake up," he said, halflaughingly. His body was already throbbing painfully with the desire her gorgeous, sleep-warmed body was producing in him.

Darcy's eyes slowly opened and she noticed Michel sitting on the side of her bed, grinning.

"Good morning," he said, his smile widening as he watched her eyes clear of the dream. He almost regretted waking her up now. She looked so sexy, he wanted to pull her back into his arms.

As soon as she was able to focus and realize where she was, Darcy immediately pulled the sheet up higher and tugged it over her exposed leg.

"That won't do you much good. I've already seen your sexy legs," he chuckled and slipped a hand underneath the sheet to caress her calf.

Frantic to avoid his touch that her body instantly craved, Darcy scooted up against the headboard, keeping the sheet over her chest. She was only wearing a tee-shirt and her underwear. "That was different," she said weakly.

"How so?" he asked, leaning forward so he was only inches away from her face. "You look beautiful in the morning. You're hair is all messed and you look sleepy eyed. It looks like you've just made love." His eyes scanned her features, "Very sexy," he said softly. "I wish I'd put that look on your face."

Darcy inhaled and pushed a hand through her tousled hair, her fingers confirming his words. It was a tangled mass of curls.

Michael stood up suddenly and she was given a good view of his muscular legs where his khaki shorts ended. "But that's for later. I was thinking we could go shopping today and get you some new clothes," he said, and grabbed her arms to pull her up to a standing position. "I'd love to dress you up in sexy sun dresses and a skimpy bikini," his deep voice said as he pushed her gently towards the bathroom. hour. If you're not ready by then, I'll come looking for you." door when he turned back to look at her. "Try to not be ready, okay?" he teased. "Breakfast is in a half

His hand rested on the

Darcy showered and put on her clothes from the previous day, wishing she had clean underwear. She liked the idea of buying some cooler clothes. If she was going to be trapped in paradise with a sexy, dynamic man, she preferred to do it in nice, summery clothes.

She walked out of her room and had to search the large, beautiful house for Michael. She finally found him sitting on the patio that overlooked the ocean. Breakfast was set up on a shaded balcony, the heat from the sun already strong. There was a small banquet of fruits as well as eggs, toast, bacon, sausage and strong, hot coffee. "Who made all this?" she asked, astonished that there was so much food for only two people. "You didn't get up early to fix me breakfast, did you?"

Michael laughed at her worried expression. "If it would convince you of my heartfelt respect for you and lower your inhibitions, then yes. I would do it." And he laughed at her shy expression. "But fortunately for your stomach and my appetite, there's a great cook and housekeeper that prepared this meal and any others that you might desire."

"Oh," she said and sat down with a plate full of fruit and eggs. Sipping her coffee, she stared out at the ocean. "Who's house is this? I don't' have rich enough friends."

"The house belongs to me and my brothers and sister. We share it together, sometimes coming down all together. But it's here whenever someone needs a break." He leaned forward, "And as for wealthy friends, don't I count? I can probably provide for your every need."

"No, you can't," she laughed. "Besides, I don't like wealthy men."

He shook his head. "You like me, though."

Darcy jumped out of her chair only moments before he reached for her. "You're going to get hot coffee spilled on you if you're not careful," she said, finding him even more irresistible when he was in a playful mood. "Don't you have work to do?" she asked, sitting down on the opposite side of the table from him and pulling her plate over.

"My only work is to get you out of those clothes," he winked at her wary expression before continuing, "and into something more appropriate for this kind of weather."

"Well, you don't need to buy me clothes. I can buy my own, but I'd love to go shopping. You can just drop me off somewhere if you'd rather not hang out in a ladies dress shop."

"No way," he said, shaking his head. "I don't trust you. You wont' get the right things. You need my advice."

Darcy laughed at his serious expression. "You're going to give me advice on clothing?"

"Yep," he assured her. "And if you'd hurry up, we can get started. You need a hat and sunglasses first," he noted since she was squinting into the sunny ocean.

He took her to a small boutique where she was handed several beautiful, flowery dresses that flowed around her legs and arms like a soft breeze. She had a hard time deciding which to buy and finally Michael just told the saleswoman to send all of them to an address on a card and pulled her out of the store.

The next store was filled with shorts, shirts and bathing suits. He took her through the racks and piled her arms full of summer clothes, then led her to a dressing room with instructions to hand him anything that fit. She started with the shorts and shirts and found three outfits that she liked. She didn't hand them out though because she was sure he was going to pay for them.

Once she'd settled on the shorts, she moved on to the bathing suits he had chosen for her. But her jaw dropped when she picked up the first skimpy bikini.

"What's going on in there?" he called over the partition.

"Nothing," she said, holding up the bathing suit in front of her.

"Hand me out the clothes or I'm coming in after them," he warned.

Since she was standing in the small room in only her bra and underwear, she tossed the outfits she'd already chosen over the top of the door. "I'll pay for them though. You don't have to buy me clothes."

"I don't see any bathing suits in these. What's wrong with the ones I handed to you? Do you need more choices?"

"No!" she called out. "No more choices. These won't work either."

"What's wrong with them?" he asked, chuckling.

Darcy grimaced. "You know exactly what is wrong with them."

Michael laughed. "I'll look and see if there is anything more conservative," he said and she heard his foot steps fade away.

Out of curiosity, she tried on the first bikini. It covered all the essentials, but just barely, she thought turning to see if it covered her derriere.

Darcy jumped a foot when she heard Michael's whistle. "That's a keeper," he said and handed her several others, his eyes skimming her figure in the skimpy bathing suit.

She looked down at the new set of bathing suits and laughed despite her embarrassment with Michael seeing her in the bathing suit. "Michael, these are worse than the first batch you handed me."

He just grinned wolfishly. "Depends on your point of view," and he looked down her figure in the scanty material, "And there is no view in that one that is bad, let me just say that right now."

Darcy rolled her eyes and pulled the door shut, ignoring his laughter.

She chose the least revealing of the bathing suits he'd handed her, not sure if she could actually wear them in public, or even around him in private. There was always the bathing suit she'd worn last night, but then her cheeks filled with color at how easily that one had not kept her covered.

She pushed the thought aside and gathered up her purse, hanging the leftover bathing suits and clothes on the rack outside the room. Fully dressed again, she looked around for Michael. He was already standing at the cash register, handing the sales clerk a credit card.

"You're going to need one of those," he said and handed her a large, floppy hat and sunglasses. "We have one more stop before you're finished shopping. Why don't you change into one of these outfits, putting a bathing suit on underneath and we can go snorkeling after lunch."

"What other stop do I have?" she asked, overwhelmed at the idea of more shopping. They'd been at it for almost two hours and that was about her limit.

As they headed back to the dressing room, he leaned over to whisper in her ear. "You need underwear. Pretty little lace nothings that will tempt me to find out what you're wearing, then drive me crazy in my attempts to get them off you so we can finish making love."

Darcy's heartbeat sped up once again and all the longings from the previous night came back to make her body throb in anticipation. "Michael..."

"I know," he said as he placed his hands on her waist, "you're feeling the same things I am. But let's just have a fun day. We'll relax, enjoy the sunshine and water and then have dinner under the stars tonight. Will that work?"

Darcy didn't have the courage to ask him if he'd make another effort at kissing her amongst those plans. She knew he would. And her body came alive with the anticipation.

He pushed her into a dressing room and handed her the bikini and a pair of shorts and shirt.

Their next stop was just as frazzling. Michael took her to a beautiful lesure shop and started going through the racks and drawers. When he found one he liked, he turned to her and asked her what size she wore. Darcy couldn't answer, she was so embarrassed, But the salesperson just smiled indulgently and offered advice on Darcy's bra size. He handed her lacy bras with panties to match, then gently pushed her into a dressing room to try them on.

Darcy tried them on and was amazed at how sexy she felt with just a simple change in underwear. She usually wore simple cotton bras and panties, not having a need for anything enticing. The only words to describe the frilly items was decadent, she thought.

She came out of the dressing room, her face still flaming and handed all the items to the sales clerk. "I'll be back to make a selection," she said, then turned to Michael and, with one finger in the middle of his chest, marched him out of the store. "I know I need to buy underwear but I'm drawing the line here. You're not going to see, or even disagree with anything purchased in here, nor are you going to pay for my under things." And the door shut on his smiling, if shocked face.

Darcy then walked back to the sales clerk who smiled at her. "Good job!" she said. "A woman needs some sort of privacy."

"I agree," then Darcy picked out the sexiest underwear she could find, not really understanding her decision but not questioning it either. She was chalking it up to her new efforts at living her life instead of just existing in the world.

Fifteen minutes later, she had her purchases wrapped and bagged. She found Michael sipping a soda and leaning against the railing of the decking that fronted all the shops. "I'm ready," she said and he handed her a cold soda.

"Ready for what?" he asked, a huge grin on his face.

"Food. You must feed me now."

"Are you wearing that bikini?" he asked, leaning forward in a mock attempt to see down her polo shirt.

Darcy laughed but stepped back so he didn't have a chance. "You're awful."

"Just hopeful," he replied with a shrug and an unrepentant grin.

He put an arm around her shoulders and guided her down the wooden walkway to a restaurant. They grabbed a sandwich from a small cafe and headed back to the house. She was surprised to find all the dresses delivered and hanging in her room. She dropped off her other bags and met Michael on the patio. Michael guided her to a boat dock that she hadn't seen previously.

Within minutes, they were skimming across the water, Darcy holding onto her newly purchased hat and sunglasses and thrilling at the feeling of freedom the boat ride provided. her fill. wanted to make love with him. Would it be so bad, experiencing that kind of thrill with him? Would she be able to survive once he moved on to his next woman? A picture of Michael and the lovely, tall, supermodel Alicia Ainsley popped into her mind. She didn't like the image at all.

She was sitting behind Michael as he drove the boat and she felt free to look

Just looking at him made her want him to touch her, kiss her, and yes, she

She thought about a future without him and her heart ached. But what would that future be like without knowing his touch? Would she regret not experiencing the magic of his love making?

She'd probably have to find another job. She couldn't work in the same building, knowing what she did and how she felt about him and not be able to talk to him, be with him and laugh with him. But for some reason, the idea of not working for ATI didn't seem as awful as it did only a few short weeks ago. Maybe it was the fact that she had started living her life, and the idea of making love to Michael overrode the fear of working for another company.

She considered that thought for a long time. She never would meet another man as wonderful and attractive as Michael. She knew that with every fiber of her being. Would she be able to find love and happiness with someone else? Probably not. Would she be able to find some sort of satisfaction? Possibly.

For some reason the thought of kids popped into her mind. She had never thought about having a family before. It wasn't that she didn't want a family. It was just that she'd never taken time away from work to consider the possibility. But watching Michael as he maneuvered the boat into a small cove, she realized that she did want a family. Desperately, in fact.

That thought created such a longing inside her that she pushed the idea away. It was such an impossibility she couldn't even consider it. Michael was a free spirit with an incredible intelligence about him. He didn't need to settle for one woman, especially one like her who was terrified of life and what might pop up in the future if it didn't have to do with a computer.

The engine stopped suddenly and she blinked when he turned around to watch her. "Ready?" he asked.

Darcy pushed all thoughts about the future out of her mind. This weekend she'd learn to live with whatever life gave her and she'd deal with the future one day at a time. Smiling up at him, she stood up and tossed off her hat. "Ready," she said, bending to take off her shorts.

Michael watched her strip off her street clothes, down to her bathing suit. She was wearing the bathing suit he'd admired in the store and, although he'd encouraged her to put it back on, he hadn't known what effect it would have on his body when they were alone in a secluded, romantic environment.

It was torture.

"Where's the equipment?" she asked, her hands on her hips. She glanced up and realized that he was staring at her. If she had caught that kind of look yesterday, she would have felt shy and tried to cover herself. But her pep talk on the way out here changed her mind. She allowed him a full view of her figure clad only in the skimpy bathing suit. His look made her feel pretty and sexy and wanted. She didn't have the courage to walk over to him, but she wanted to. She wanted him to put his hands on her, letting them move over her body just as his eyes were now doing.

"Michael?" she prompted a moment later.

His eyes returned to her face and they held there for a long moment. He watched her, noted the look she returned and relief flooded through him. Gone was the fear and uncertainty. The only thing showing through those magnificent eyes was shyness and desire.

Michael wanted to make love to her right then and there, but knew the boat would be uncomfortable and awkward. The only option was to snorkel, he told himself. "Right," he said and glanced around the boat, getting his bearings.

He walked over to a hidden compartment and lifted the lid. He then handed her a set of goggles and snorkel, flippers and a towel.

They both fell in backwards into the crystal clear waters of the cove and instantly entered another world. Michael had taken them to a small coral reef with dazzling fish diving in and out of the plants and coral. There were fish of every color, shape and size. They swam through the underwater world, finding treasures in each little crack and crevice. They were careful not to touch anything for fear of hurting the live animals attached to the reef.

They swam and explored for almost three hours. By that time, Darcy had to call a halt to their excursion out of exhaustion. They headed back to the house and Michael promised to take her to another spot the next day. "Could we go scuba diving?" she asked. "I have a beginner's certification so I have to go with a master diver, but if you're up for it, I'd love to show you," she said.

She watched his face and laughed. "Okay, so you're a master diver, huh?" At his nod she continued. "Well, then you can take me! I've been taking classes every Thursday night for the past month and really enjoy it."

"That's what you've been doing on Thursday nights?" he asked, surprised and relieved.

"Sure, what did you think?"

Her look warned him not to mention his previous accusation that she was dating someone else. He held up his hands in his defense. "Well, you've got to give me some credit. I'd never have guessed you were working towards a diving certificate."

They rode back in the boat in silence. When they reached the dock and secured the boat, Darcy couldn't control her yawning any longer. "I think I'd better take a nap. I didn't sleep well last night," she admitted.

He moved closer to her. "Would you like me to join you?"

Darcy laughed at his hopeful expression. "No. I don't think I'd get my nap if you did."

He thought about her response for a moment before nodding his head. "Well, you didn't' turn me down flat so I feel encouraged."

"You don't need any more encouragement," she murmured as she walked up the dock to the house. He heard her and smacked her bottom playfully. glanced back only to shake her head at his arrogant expression.

She took off her wet clothes and showered the ocean salt off. Darcy yelped and

Once she was dry, she was so tired, she could barely make it to the bed. She discarded the towel and climbed between the sheets. Within moments, she was sound asleep.

Darcy woke to someone knocking on her door. She was disoriented at first, but called out permission to come in once she realized where she was. The door opened and Michael walked in with a tray in his arms. It was filled with a large glass of ice tea and some fruit. "I didn't want you to sleep too long. I hope you aren't angry. If you sleep any more you'll have trouble sleeping tonight," he said as he placed the tray on the dresser.

He then turned and looked at her, his eyes instantly going to the sheet. "You're not wearing anything, are you?" he groaned.

Darcy glanced down and pulled the sheet higher against her. "No. I'm not," she said, still slightly disoriented from too long of a nap.

Michael walked over to the bed, leaned down and gave her a hard kiss. "Get dressed. I'm taking you out to dinner and then we're going dancing," he said then immediately left the room.

Darcy smiled and a bubble of excitement surged within her. She decided that she was going to make love with him tonight. The decision made, she jumped up from the bed and rushed over to the closet to decide which dress she was going to wear. She chose a flowered red dress that wrapped around her torso, hugging her breasts and waist, then flaring out around her hips. The skirt ended just above her knees. Michael had chosen some strappy sandals to go with them and she pulled her hair high up on her head.

With a touch of lipstick, mascara and powder, she was ready to spend another exciting evening with Michael. She hoped this one would end differently from the previous one. She knew she was going to do everything within her power to make sure it did.

The evening was everything she had hoped for and more. Michael took her to a restaurant that had tables sitting out on a large dock that floated on the water. They were served a pile of steaming shrimp with five different sauces. She sipped her wine and enjoyed listening to the music and the surf. She laughed as Michael plied her with wine and shrimp and antagonizing her on subjects he knew would get a rise out of her.

She loved all of it.

Once they finished dinner, he pulled her into his arms and guided her out onto the already full dance floor. "I've been staring at you in that dress all evening and you look sexy as hell," he said and wrapped his arms around her waist, moving against her body in a rhythmic way, swaying to the beat of the music.

"Are you really ready? Or were you talking about something else?" he whispered once a slow song started.

"I'm ready," she whispered back, looking right into his eyes to show him that she was, in fact, ready to take the next step.

Michael didn't stop dancing as she'd thought he would. He took her hands and pulled them up to his shoulders, placing them where he wanted them. Darcy took that as permission to touch him and she let her fingers slide along his neck, testing the softness of his hair, feeling his body move against hers.

The ride back in the jeep was refreshing. Michael held her hand whenever he wasn't shifting gears and each time he took it again, their clasped hands moved higher along her thigh.

As soon as the door closed behind them at the house, he picked her up and carried her into his bedroom, kicking the bedroom door closed with one foot. "I can't believe this is finally happening," he said, his voice rough.

He didn't undress her immediately. He kissed her gently, long and thoroughly. He tried to move slowly, stretch out the anticipation, but as soon as she touched his shoulders, the passion that had been suppressed for weeks flared up and took over. Now that she was ready, he couldn't seem to slow down. All the control his body was capable of had been expended already and he needed to bury himself inside her. He was hard and aching for her.

Michael untied the bow at her waist which was the only thing holding her dress on. With the strings unwrapped, the dress floated away from her body to reveal sexy, white lace bra and panties. The bra barely covered her nipples and Michael trailed a finger from her collar bone down to the V between her breasts, then up the edge of the lace, almost, but not touching, her taut nipple pushing to be freed from the minimal confines of the lace.

The dress fell from her shoulders with a gentle push, pooling around her feet. Darcy felt decadent standing in her lace underwear and high heeled sandals, but it was a delicious feeling.

Michael reached behind her, kissing her lips as he released the clasp on her bra. The lace fell away as quietly as the dress. Darcy tried not to be shy. His heated stare as he looked at her made her proud. She could tell he liked what he saw.

"You're perfect," he said and his hand reached up to hold her breasts. He stepped back and tore off his shirt, tossing it to the side. He then reached down and took off his slacks and shoes, not caring that they landed in a heap beside his shirt. "I can't wait much longer Darcy," he said. "Please touch me," he begged.

Darcy needed no other prodding. She reached up and put both hands against his chest, her fingers slipping through the hair. She looked up and he kissed her, hard and passionately. Slipping one arm under her knees, he picked her up and carried her to his bed, laying her gently in the middle. He then reached up and pulled off her shoes and panties.

Darcy gasped when he slid his naked body against hers, the contact shocking her with its intensity. He reached for her, kissing her once again while his hands moved down to cup her breasts again. His mouth followed and as soon as he took one aching nipple inside the heat of his mouth, she cried out, arching against him. Her legs wrapped around his waist in an effort to be as close to him as possible. His free arm pulled her leg higher, and her hips were pressed against his erection.

"I need you," he said and slipped a finger inside her warmth.

Darcy's hips moved automatically towards his hand, seeking more. "You're teasing me," she cried out.

"I know. You're so hot for me." Michael pulled his finger out and replaced it with what they both wanted. He rolled over on top of her, grabbing her hands and pulling them above her hands. "You feel so good, Darcy," he said and she could see the sweat forming on his forehead in his effort to move slowly. But she didn't' want that. She needed him to move faster, her body craving what only his could provide. "Michael, stop teasing. Make love to me," she said.

He needed no further instruction. He moved inside her, rhythmically taking them from one plane to the next. When he realized he was going to come, he reached down between their bodies and helped her along so they reached a climax together, gasping as their pleasure took over.

Darcy cried out her fulfillment and wrapped her arms and legs around his body while he drove into her, filling her and taking her over the edge.

A long time later, once their breathing had subsided, Michael lifted his head from its position against her neck. He slowly kissed her jaw, nibbled her ear lobe.

A tear trickled down her face and caught him off guard. "Darcy?" he asked, worried now. "What's wrong? You aren't' regretting this now, are you?"

In answer to his question, she reached up and took his face in her hands to pull him down for a kiss. She'd never been aggressive sexually, but something about Michael made her bold.

"I guess not," he said, chuckling and pulling her on top of him. Her upper body was draped across his chest and he pulled her hair out of the pins, playing with the long strands.

"I think I need a shower," she said drowsily.

"That's not necessary," he said and stood up with her in his arms.

"What do you mean?" she asked, not sure what he had in mind.

"There's a better way to cool off," he said and walked out to the pool.

"Michael, we're naked," she said, looking around for the servants she had yet to see.

"The housekeeper and cook are only here in the mornings. They've been long gone," he said as he walked down the steps of the pool. The water slowly surrounded them both and she enjoyed the coolness of the water.

She swam away from him, feeling naughty as they skinny dipped in the pool.

"I'm going to make love to you again, Darcy,"

She glided away from him, suddenly self-conscious as she watched the heat in his eyes. But he followed her, picking her up and carried her to one of the chaise lounges surrounding the pool.

"Michael!" she cried as he slid down her body. Their bodies joined and she arched her hips, eagerly meeting him in their second round. "Please!" she begged him and he increased the tempo, guiding both of them to a more intense orgasm than the one they'd shared before.

Darcy stretched her arms high above her head, glorying in the feeling of satisfaction that warmed her soul. Rolling over to her side, she watched the sun shimmer off the pool and considered her altered reality.

But only for a moment since Michael felt her movement and pulled her back. They had made love three more times during the night. Each time seemed to eclipse the previous experience. So as soon as he touched her back, her body instantly came alive with anticipation. Darcy eagerly rolled back to face him and his passion.

The sun was high up in the sky by the time they showered and dressed. He took her scuba diving on Saturday but in a different location this time. They saw different kinds of fish, larger ones that weren't able to get through the reef they visited yesterday. There were also several types of stingrays and even a sea turtle.

That night, they went dancing again, this time making it to the second song and beyond. Michael was a very good dancer and he led her through the moves with ease and confidence. His abilities encouraged her to relax and follow his lead and she was able to enjoy herself more than any other time dancing.

Sunday was a lazy day. They swam in the pool, snorkeled in the house's cove and slept in the afternoon. Darcy was depressed when they boarded the plane back to Washington, D.C. It was almost midnight when Michael kissed her at her doorway. "You're not going to do anything crazy again this week, are you?"

Darcy could barely keep her eyes open but she was able to laugh. "If it means you'll carry me off for another long weekend to a romantic site, then I'll definitely come up with something by Wednesday."

"You're going to be the death of me, you know that?" he said and hugged her. "Good night. I'll call you in the morning."

Darcy closed her door on that promise and fell into her bed, sleeping for nine hours straight. She was late getting into work the next morning. She missed her first meeting and the day went downhill from there.

Her computer broke down and had to have the hard drive replaced, which wasn't such an awful issue since she religiously backed up all her files. But after getting in late, she lost over half the day trying to get her computer back on line.

Her afternoon went smoothly enough, but she had to leave early in order to make it to her evening class, only to be told once she was there that the teacher was sick. All the students had been notified earlier in the day. Darcy called her voice mail and, sure enough, there was the message that the class would need to be canceled but since she'd been so busy, she hadn't taken the time to listen to her messages.

Once she thought about the situation, she was relieved because there was also a message from Michael letting her know that he was thinking about her and he was sorry to have missed her.

As soon as she walked into her house, she dialed his home phone number, crossing her fingers in the hopes that he was there and would pick up so she could talk to him. She didn't really have anything to say, but she wanted to hear his voice.

Unfortunately, he wasn't home so she was only able to leave him a return message. She went to sleep that night frustrated and discouraged. By midnight, she promised herself that she would call him first thing in the morning before the day became too hectic.

Darcy breezed into her office, prepared to pick up the phone before she even started her computer. But when she entered her office, there was a message on her computer screen letting her know that the potential client for the proposal she was working on was sitting in the lobby waiting for her.

She didn't understand the reasons why he was there, but she quickly made her way to the lobby where all visitors waited until their escort arrived to take them into the building.

"Mr. Finch?" she said politely as soon as she stepped off the elevators. "I'm Darcy Anderson. How can I help you?" she asked.

She watched as the man stood up and was instantly on her guard, but she couldn't define why. The man was about her height but with dull, gray eyes that seemed a little too shifty for her taste. He had thinning black hair with a bald spot in the middle of his forehead. His glasses were thick, with old fashioned frames that fit his face poorly, one side being slightly higher than the other. His clothes dated back to before the seventies since everything was polyester - and wide. He even wore bell bottomed slacks. The man was a comedy routine, she thought as she extended her hand in greeting.

Mr. Finch took her hand and Darcy immediately wanted to pull her hand away. His hand was soft and sweaty and disgusted her. "I heard you were bidding on the work we are offering. I wanted to come by for a preliminary look at your ideas if that's okay with you," he said.

Darcy knew that this was not outside the bounds of his rights as the head of the committee that would be deciding the final bid. But usually they called ahead and arranged for a meeting, with the whole committee and all the project team. But she hid her astonishment and smiled, "I'd be happy to show you our solution, as long as you understand that this is only a preliminary version. It will be much hardier closer to the due date," she explained, and pressed the button for the elevator.

They entered the elevator and stepped inside. Again, she had the feeling that something about this man was not quite right. Darcy was instantly wary. He stood very close to her and, she wasn't sure, but suspected, that the man sniffed her. He was standing slightly behind her so she couldn't see what he was doing, but it sounded strange.

Darcy stepped back so she was next to him in the elevator and turned to face him. "I hope you'll like our ideas. The team has been putting in a lot of effort to come up with a viable solution for your department."

He smiled patronizingly. "I saw an article you had written about a year ago on this type of software problem. You're picture was flattering."

Darcy froze, hearing warning bells go off in her head. "I've written several articles. Which one did you read?"

"I can't remember the name of it, but I was interested because of your picture next to the headline. You're a very beautiful woman, Darcy. May I call you Darcy?"

The elevator doors opened up and she led him down the hallway to their lab, not answering the man's question. Instead, she directed his attention on the computers her proposal team was working on and the code they were writing for her ideas. She went through the whole process and how they were anticipating their solution to work. Darcy spent an hour going over the details with him, introducing him to the various team members and support staff.

"Is there anything else I can show you?" she asked.

Mr. Finch shook his head. "No, that was a very interesting tour. I know you're busy, so I'll be on my way," he said and they stepped back into the elevators so Darcy could escort him back to the lobby.

She shook his hand as he left the building, then went directly to the bathroom to wash her hands, feeling dirty somehow.

A few hours later, Jim walked into her office. "Boy, I don't know how to tell you this," Jim said, his face looking grim.

Darcy turned from her computer screen and braced herself. "Go ahead and give it to me," she said, laying her hands flat onto her desk. "Bad news is always easier to take quickly."

"Kind of like taking off a band-aid, huh?" he laughed. When Darcy didn't smile, he continued. "I just got this memo," he said and handed her the paper.

Darcy skimmed the contents then inhaled sharply when she reached the last paragraph. "They can't do that!"

"They can and they did," Jim replied, his lips forming a thin line of frustration. "Can you make their new deadline?" he said, referring to the proposal deadline that had been moved up two months.

"I just spoke to Finch this morning. He didn't give any indication that this would be happening."

"Norman Finch?" Jim asked, surprised. "The head of the approval committee?" At Darcy's nod he shook his head, "That's pretty unusual. Why didn't they make an appointment?"

Darcy sat back in her chair and blew wisps of hair out of her face in frustration. "I don't know. He didn't seem like a very savory character either."

"Hmm, not a very happy situation on your first try at a major proposal. Sorry Darcy. This has never happened in my experience."

She grimaced before replying. "Well, I like to blaze new trails, don't I?"

Jim laughed as he stood up to leave her office. "Well, let me know what resources you need to make the new deadline. There are a few people on the bench who might be able to help you," he said, referring to the people who had finished one project and were waiting to be put onto another.

Darcy shook her head. "Thanks Jim but at this point, it would take more time and energy to get someone up to speed than it would to just do the job ourselves."

It was almost seven o'clock when Darcy looked up again. This time it was to see Michael walking through her office door. "I just heard," he said, his mouth showing his frustration. "What do you need to finish the proposal? Is it possible?"

Darcy leaned back into her chair, her back muscles groaning in frustration after having been bent over the computer screen for so many hours without relief. "I don't know," she said, rubbing her temples. "I know we can do it but I'm not sure if anyone will have a marriage or know their kids afterwards."

"Do you need to dump the proposal? Is it too tight of a deadline? It won't do any good if we win the work but everyone quits from burnout. There won't be anyone around to do the job if we win."

Darcy nodded and put her head in her hands, leaning her elbows against her desk. "I know, Michael, but we don't have the time to teach anyone the code. What should I do?"

Michael sat down in the chair across from her desk. "Drop it," he said without hesitation. "No one will think worse of you. This is a deadline no one could make. You're already farther ahead in the proposal process than a normal team would be but pushing them this much harder would be too much strain on anyone."

She hated the words he was saying. Her heart sank at the idea. "Would you drop it?"

Michael hesitated for only a moment and that gave her his answer. "Well then I don't think I will either," she said and her shoulders straightened in determination. "I'll ask the team tomorrow and see what they want to do."

"Why don't you ask them now? They're all still working away. I just dropped in to get the pulse with all of you."

"Don't you trust me Michael?"

"Yes," he said without hesitation. "But in this case, I think you are over your head."

"Why do you say that?" she said, wanting to break down in tears. She didn't though. She remained firm in her resolve to see this proposal through even if she had to do the work herself.

"Because already things are happening on the project that have never happened before. The fact that this Finch guy stopped by unannounced raises a huge red flag in my mind. And I think you're ignoring that flag. You're going on sheer determination to win the work and prove something to someone, maybe yourself, but it doesn't matter. Something isn't right."

Darcy felt betrayed. "I can handle this. I promise." She didn't know that her eyes were flashing fire at him but she knew that she was furious at his lack of trust in her abilities.

Michael watched her for a long moment. With a deep sigh, he stood up. "Okay, against my better judgment, I'm going to let the proposal continue contingent upon the team determining that they can get the proposal ready two months ahead of schedule. If they want to drop it, ATI will drop it without prejudice against anyone involved. They'll all be reassigned to new projects or proposal efforts. Understand?"

Darcy nodded, her relief showing in her eyes. "Fine."

"Having said that, I doubt you'll have the time to go out and get a bite to eat will you?"

"Thanks, Michael, but I think my priority should be talking to the team."

Michael nodded and left. Darcy wanted to call him back and ask him to stay or to take her out of there. But she was too angry with him right now.

The next morning, she presented the situation to the team members who were working in the computer lab. She didn't varnish the issues, stating them as plainly as possible. When she was done, the whole proposal team unanimously agreed to continue. They were frustrated over the new deadline but as soon as they all agreed to meet it, they immediately started brainstorming on how to accomplish the remaining portions of the application. Darcy was proud of how they threw themselves into the effort with zeal. Darcy was proud of all of them. Over the next month, they worked long hours and almost every weekend.

She met Michael whenever they were both available. Michael worked long hours and had to travel occasionally. But when he was in town, she made a point of cutting out of work as early as possible. Sometimes that wasn't until eight or nine o'clock at night. On those days, she'd meet him at her place or his and they would make dinner or make love, which ever was more important at the moment, then fall into bed, wrapped in each other's arms.

Michael never complained about her long hours and she worked hard to not complain when he had to go out of town. She missed him terribly though. She loved coming home at the end of the day and talking to him, going through her progress on the proposal and hearing about his day.

Wednesday afternoon, a month before the proposal was due, she received another call from Mr. Finch. She had almost gotten him out of her mind during the long, arduous days but when she heard his voice on the other end of the line, she cringed. "Yes, Mr. Finch. How can I help you?"

"I was wondering if you'd meet me for lunch," he asked without preamble.

Darcy wasn't sure how to respond. "I'm not sure..." "It would be to discuss your progress on the proposal. I'd like to get an update," he interrupted before she could deny his request.

With reservation, she accepted a meeting for later that day. She wrote down the place and time he wanted to go and hung up. She stared at the phone for a moment, wondering what was going through that man's head. She didn't like the way he was working. The fact that he'd met her for lunch the last time and didn't mention anything about the adjusted deadline made her wonder about his ethics. Instead of worrying, she immediately went in to Jim's office to ask his opinion and for advice on how to handle her newest lunch appointment. Unfortunately, Jim was putting on his suit jacket when she walked into his office, obviously on his way out when she walked into his office.

"What's up, Darcy? Can it wait? I'm about to meet a client for lunch," he said, straightening his tie.

"I got another call from Mr. Finch."

That stopped Jim in his tracks. "Is he here?" he asked.

"No, he wants me to meet him for lunch."

Jim slid his arm through the sleeve of his jacket, then straightened the collar before replying. "I guess that's okay. I would mention this to Michael though. He might not like the idea."

"That's a good idea. I'm not sure about this guy," she said, letting Jim hear her suspicions.

"No, he's not really playing by the rules. Is there anyone you can take with you?"

Darcy shook her head. "The only people who could go are the tech leads but they've been working so many hours, they basically come into the office in jeans and rumpled tee-shirts. They don't have time to press their clothes lately."

Jim chuckled at the picture she painted. "You've got a dedicated team, but they haven't given you much to help with for your lunch meeting, huh?"

"Any other ideas?"

"Not really. But definitely let Michael know about today's meeting."

Darcy nodded and went back to her office to call Michael. They had been leaving voice mail messages for each other for the past few days, but had so far missed each other. And she missed him. Missed him painfully.

Unfortunately, he was out again but his secretary promised that he would be back in the office by three that afternoon. That was too late to ask his advice on her lunch appointment so she decided to risk it anyway. She left a message, telling Michael what was happening, then grabbed her purse and left, already leaving a few minutes later than she should have.

Darcy arrived at the restaurant only five minutes late but Mr. Finch was not impressed. He was pacing the hostess area and scowled at her as she opened the door. Darcy threw him her biggest smile and stuck out her hand to shake his. "Mr. Finch, I apologize for my tardiness. I had to inform my superiors about this meeting and had a little trouble getting in touch with them."

"Well, as far as I'm concerned, I should be considered your highest superior if you want to stand a chance at winning this work," he snapped.

"You're right," she said, taken aback by his anger but trying to make the best of the situation. "This is my first effort and I didn't show you the proper respect. Please let me fix that situation. Can I buy you lunch?"

He seemed slightly appeased. "Well, I should be furious," he hesitated and looked around to see who was near them, "but you're a beautiful woman and I'm a reasonable man. I guess you're in high demand everywhere. I forgive you this time," he said and put a hand in the small of her back. "Just don't let it happen again."

She didn't like the way he was touching her but couldn't move fast enough to get away from him. The hostess led the way to their table and Mr. Finch ordered a bottle of wine. "You'll have to pay for that yourself. You can't buy me anything over twenty-five dollars and since you're buying lunch, you'll already have to get the bill for the food," he said smugly.

Darcy didn't want wine, afraid it would slow her down this afternoon. But she smiled and took notes, trying to get a grip on what this man was trying to pull. What he was saying was obviously illegal, but she didn't want to argue with him in a restaurant.

Once their food was ordered, Darcy took out some papers and demonstrated their progress over the past month, describing the solution she was proposing in greater detail. "I have the financial numbers for you as well, but they are only preliminary."

"I don't want to discuss financials at this point. We're looking for a solution that will work and if we have to spend more to get it, that's what we'll do," he said, straightening his polyester, baby-blue tie. "Our agency only wants the best."

Darcy smiled yet again, ignoring the pain in her cheeks from the continuous forced grin. "Well, hopefully our solution will fit your needs," she said professionally, putting her credit card on top of the bill.

His smile was greasy and he put his hand on top of hers over the bill and her credit card. "I'm sure you'll fit the bill, Darcy. You're definitely correct in all the right places."

She immediately pulled her hand out from under his and sat back in her chair. Darcy didn't squirm although she wanted to jump up and run or at least rush to the ladies' room and wash his touch off her hand. His comment, coupled with the look in his eyes, made her think he was referring to her rather than the proposal and solution she was suggesting.

She pointedly looked at her watch. "I need to get back to the office, Mr. Finch. Do you have any other questions for me?"

Norman Finch's eyes flashed but the moment of anger was gone instantly. "Not right now. I'll be in touch," he said and, without another word or a thank you for his lunch, the short man walked quickly out of the restaurant.

Back at the office, Darcy immediately phoned Michael to get his opinion on the encounter. But he was out again. She left him another voice mail, wanting to ask if he would come over for dinner at her house tonight.

Michael phoned her back later that afternoon, but she missed his call. She'd been in the computer lab, getting an update but her spirits picked up when he accepted dinner at her place.

She got home late, close to eight o'clock and almost fell onto the floor when she got Michael's message that he had to cancel for the night. Something had come up and he needed to fly out of town for the night. He apologized and gave her the phone number of his hotel.

Darcy was too depressed at the idea of not seeing him that night. She couldn't call him. She was afraid she would cry out her feelings for him over the phone. Although she and Michael spent as much time together as possible, she didn't think he was ready to handle her emotional breakdown. She wasn't sure she could handle them right now.

Instead, she crawled into bed without making any dinner for herself. She was asleep by the time her head hit the pillow.

It was finally Friday afternoon and Darcy was exhausted and depressed. She had only spoken to Michael by answering machines all week, she had run into a wall on her proposal that she couldn't figure out a way around and she was tired of working all the time. All she wanted to do is go home, crawl into bed and cry herself to sleep.

She drove home fighting tears. She unlocked her door to the ringing of her telephone and ran to pick it up. Her efforts were rewarded with Michael's deep voice at the other end. "You sound breathless, you must have been thinking about me," he laughed.

Darcy fell onto her sofa, cradling the phone between her neck and shoulder as she pulled off her shoes, her toes in pain after her long day at work. "Oh, I'm so glad you called."

"That's a nice greeting," he said. "What are you doing?" he asked.

"Holding my keys in one hand and the phone in the other. I just walked into the house. What are you doing?"

"I'm turning the corner on your street. Have you eaten?"

Darcy hadn't eaten anything since breakfast this morning and she realized she was starving. "Not yet."

"I have a hot pizza right next to me with extra cheese, sausage and black olives. Are you interested?"

"Speed up!" she laughed.

"I'm in the driveway now."

Darcy hung up the phone, ignored her bags instead of putting them by her desk as she usually did and hurried to the still open doorway. She was in time to see Michael's headlights turn down her driveway. Her stomach did flip flops as she watched him get out of his Jaguar, then duck back in to pull out the extra large pizza box. "Who else did you invite?" she laughed as she took in the huge amount of pizza.

He kissed her as he entered the room, hard and quick. "Absolutely no one. But I'm starving. So move out of the way, woman. Get some plates and something to drink."

Darcy closed the door behind him and smiled, glad he was so confident. She loved the way he walked into a room and the world seemed to heighten with excitement and her body came alive.

Darcy was halfway to the kitchen when he called back to her, "Wait!"

She stopped and turned, her eyes wide.

He put the pizza down on the coffee table and walked to where she stood. "I need this," he said and bent down to give her a long, drugging kiss. "The last one wasn't what I had in mind so I needed to rectify the situation." He bent down and kissed her again, his mouth moving over hers in an erotic fashion that instantly had her senses on alert.

Darcy was ready for much more than that but he pulled away. "Now you can get the drinks," he said and patted her bottom in a teasing fashion.

She smiled as she turned back to the kitchen, rummaging around in the pantry for something to drink. She found the bottle of red wine she had gotten about three weeks ago, thinking she'd share it with Michael that week.

Michael had built a fire in the fireplace and was opening the box of pizza when she walked back in with wine glasses, plates and napkins.

They ate pizza, sipped wine and watched the flames in the fireplace, neither one talking much as they both savored the peacefulness of the evening.

When they were finished, Michael pulled her into his arms and made love to her right there on the carpet in front of the fireplace. Darcy had never experienced so much romance in her life. Later, Michael carried her to her bedroom and made love to her again before curling up beside her to fall asleep.

Darcy woke the next morning and knew something was not quite the way she was used to. She looked around her bedroom and all the furnishings were still in their usual place, but something was different.

And then the bed moved. Michael pulled her against his naked body and started nuzzling her neck. "Mmmm, I haven't slept that well in a month," he said and trailed a hand down her hip.

Darcy wanted to agree with him, but she was already breathless with his touch and wanted to roll over to return the caress. But he wouldn't let her move. "No, I want you just like this," he said and moved restlessly against her backside. Darcy caught her breath and leaned back, wanting his touch. He didn't disappoint as he reached around her and took her breast in her hand, making Darcy whimper in pleasure.

"I want you, Darcy." He moved slightly and entered her. Darcy was so aroused she could barely think. She wanted him deeper and moved herself against him, reaching around behind her so she could touch him.

When he knew he was about to come, he reached around her and found her apex, caressing her in a way that instantly brought her along with his climax and she cried out her release.

Long minutes later, she looked at the clock, frustrated that they had to get out of bed. But he surprised her with his next question. "What are you doing today?" he asked.

Darcy sighed. "Working," she replied, not wanting to face the office yet again. "Not today," he said. "You've been working too hard. You need a break to refresh yourself."

She rolled over to face him. "I do, huh?"

"Yep. That's the boss talking too. Consider it a direct order."

She laughed at his stern expression. "Okay, so how to you recommend meeting the proposal deadline?"

He looked at her eyes, framed by long, dark lashes and her sexy dimples. "Do you trust me?" he asked.

Darcy laughed, "No," she said without hesitation. "The last time I trusted you, I was flown down to a tropical island and seduced."

"And look how that turned out?" he grinned and pulled her on top of him so she was straddling his hips.

"Well, it definitely has it's benefits," she chuckled.

"I know, despite your cruel words to the contrary, that you really do trust me," he said and pulled her off the bed and into the shower. "So I have plans for today. And we can't discuss work at all."

Darcy showered and pulled on a pair of jeans, a tee-shirt and an oversized shirt then went out to discover Michael was cooking her breakfast. He'd found bacon and eggs and some juice. She walked in just as the toaster popped out toast and Michael began buttering it.

"So what are we doing today?" she asked, sitting down at the table and taking a sip of juice.

"Can't tell you" he said, shaking his head and placing a plate of food in front of her piled high. "It's a surprise," he continued and sat down with his own plate with double the amount of food.

He rushed her through breakfast and drove them to a park filled with ramps and hills. She wasn't sure what it was for until a teenage boy zoomed by them on a skateboard. "Oh no!" she said, backing up and heading back to his car. "I'm not trying one of those. My arm just recently healed from the motorcycle attempt."

"Come on," he said and grabbed her hand and pulled her back to a rental office. "You'll love it. I promise. And we won't go on the advanced ramps. There are plenty of beginner ramps over there," he said, pointing to a less dramatic area of the skateboard park. Darcy eyed the area with curiosity. There were several people learning how to skateboard and they seemed to be having fun.

"Okay," she said, relieved that she wouldn't be the only novice in the park. "But one scrape and I'm outta here," she warned.

"Deal," he agreed.

They rented skateboards and Michael showed her how to get started. Darcy picked it up easily and she was soon gliding down the asphalt along with several other beginners and loving it. Michael was right. The sport was too engaging to think about anything except where to aim the skateboard. They practiced all afternoon, stopping for hot dogs and a soda late in the day.

He brought her to his house that night and grilled them steaks on the patio while she made a salad. They played scrabble after dinner and she accused him of cheating on a word but refused to challenge him, he looked too confident.

"Good morning," Michael said against her ear.

Darcy stretched and rolled over to face him. "Good morning," she smiled.

"You're voracious sexual appetite has made me miss church this morning."

Darcy's eyes widened but she rolled over in his arms, bracing her hands against his chest, her fingers tangling in the light mat of hair. "My appetite?" she asked and snuggled closer to his naked body. "I don't remember things that way. I seem to remember a very hungry male who wouldn't let me sleep until dawn. What was it, five times?" she asked, curling up and almost purring like a kitten.

"Well your penance is that you have to spend the rest of the day with me and not talk about work."

"Deal," she said, willing to spend any time she could with him despite the pressures of the deadline looming.

"And you have to come to lunch with me," he demanded, his fingers sliding through her long, brown hair.

She yawned and pulled the rest of her hair out from underneath her shoulder. "I don't see a problem in that."

"With my family," he said and stood up, pulling her along with him into the shower. He didn't give her a chance to react, just kept pulling her towards the bathroom. Darcy pulled back but he wouldn't release her hands. "I see a problem."

"No you don't. You're just making up a problem where none exists. And you look incredibly sexy trying to fight with me naked, I might add."

Darcy shook his hand loose and grabbed his shirt from the floor, grimacing as she tried to button it up but realized that the buttons were missing. "See? You were savage last night," he said, indicating the loss of buttons since she had torn his shirt off him in the heat of their mutual passion.

Darcy blushed but moved to the next button. "I can't have lunch with your family."

"Why not?"

"Well, first of all, isn't your oldest brother the chief executive officer of ATI?"

"Yes, but what does that have to do with lunch?"

"Won't he be there?"

Michael shrugged, "We'll be at his house."

"I can't go there," she said flatly.

He pulled her close and kissed her forehead. "You don't have to worry about Sal, I promise. He'll be too busy chasing after his son Adam who will most likely be stealing toys from his cousins, Dennis and Josh, both of whom are two years old and fully embracing their 'two-ness'," he explained. "Besides, Sal's not the mean one. That's Thomas. If you're going to be scared of any of my brothers, it should definitely be Thomas," Michael teased.

Darcy argued against going to lunch with him for the next two hours. She was still arguing with him when he opened the door to Sal's house and she was immediately immersed in chaos. Michael had told her he had five nieces and nephews but she knew he was lying. There were at least thirty children running and playing in this mansion Michael had grown up in. As soon as the door was opened, Michael introduced her to the family and a wriggling toddler was promptly dropped into her arms. Darcy stared at the handsome boy and he stared back at her. As soon as he realized she wasn't going to bite, the boy broke into a toothy grin and reached up to touch her hair. "Pretty," he said.

Darcy fell in love. His name was Max and he had curly, dark black hair and angelic blue eyes that twinkled when he laughed, which was often. As soon as his mother, a stunningly gorgeous woman with dark, curly black hair just like her son, sat down next to her, he dove onto her stomach, wrapping tiny, dimpled arms around her neck, then turning back to face Darcy.

"Pretty," he repeated to his mother, Antonia, the youngest of the Attracelli clan and the only sister.

Antonia smiled at Darcy. "Yes, she is. Are you being nice to her?"

The little boy smiled and shook his head. Darcy laughed and the boy threw himself back into her arms and jumped up, "Go," he said, pointing to the kitchen where he knew lunch was being made.

"Oh, no you don't, young man. I know you want to eat potato chips and you'll spoil your lunch if you do. Ignore him, Darcy. He's not hungry, just charming," she said and stood up to kiss his head and go in search of her four year old daughter Emma who had just started screaming bloody murder in some other part of the house.

Darcy shook her head. "You're momma said no chips. Is there something else in the kitchen that you'd like?"

Max smiled and repeated, "Chips."

Darcy laughed. "No chips," she repeated.

Max looked around and spotted an ally. "Adam!" and he wriggled off Darcy's lap in pursuit of his cousin who was the same age. Adam was Sal's only child and just as darling as the others but with an air of authority about him even at the tender age of two. He must have inherited that trait since he was just like his father who was the head of the family and a major international company.

The first thing Max did was take the truck out of Adam's hands which caused a tussle between the two boys. Darcy, alarmed, got up immediately and asked them nicely to stop fighting. The boys didn't even glance her way. The only thing that stopped them was Adam's father coming in to pick each of them up, carrying one boy under each of his arms, then carried them to two separate dining room chairs for a time-out.

Sal smiled at her as he came back from putting them in time-out. "Darcy, you're well meaning but way too nice. Separation is the only answer at this age," he said and put an arm around her shoulder to guide her into the kitchen where five men were busy making sandwiches, a giant bowl of salad and bowls of chips for the family lunch. "How about if you have a seat over at the table and make sure Victoria doesn't get up for any reason? She seems to think she's going to hold off on giving birth to my two nieces for another five weeks." Sal looked directly at Victoria when he said, "She needs to stay off her feet if that's a possibility."

Victoria grabbed another carrot and took a big chomp. "I know," she said, the frustration over her inability to move easily around the house obvious in her voice. Thomas, her husband came over to put his hands on her extremely large stomach. "Sal, your just jealous because you're so far behind us."

"I don't think we'll ever catch up," Sal said and his eyes softened when his wife, Laci walked into the kitchen with Max and Adam wriggling under each arm.

"Did you forget something?" she said, blowing wisps of hair out of her face.

Sal rolled his eyes and rushed over to grab his son and his nephew. "You two were told to sit," he said and put both of them on the counter and stood in front of them. "You too, Laci," he said and pointed to Laci's sister, Victoria, who was munching on a celery stick now.

Laci fell into a chair next to Victoria and propped her head onto her hands. "I don't know how you do it," she said.

"I didn't do it," she said, glaring at her husband as he sliced cucumbers. "I was an innocent bystander in this situation," she cried.

Thomas laughed. "I don't remember things that way," he said and winked at his wife.

Darcy swallowed the lump in her throat as she caught Michael's eye. This family obviously loved each other very much. Being an only child, she had never experienced this kind of camaraderie.

Michael noticed the fleeting sad look in Darcy's eyes and became concerned. He didn't want her overwhelmed by his family. But there wasn't any other way to react. Hell, he was overwhelmed by all of them sometimes.

He walked over to her and grabbed her hands. "Come on, I haven't shown you around the house," he said.

He led her down the long hallway and into the library at the opposite end. It was quiet in the wood paneled, two story room with wall to wall bookcases. There was a staircase and a balcony to get to the books on the second floor and ladders to get to the books on the higher shelves.

"Are you okay?" Michael asked, looking into her eyes to try and gauge her ability to deal with his family.

"Of course! Why?"

"You didn't look okay back there. I know they can all be a lot to take in sometimes, but they mean well."

"They're wonderful," she replied, touched that he was concerned about her opinion of his family. "You've told me stories about growing up with all of them. I can imagine how terrorized you were."

"Yep. Sal and Thomas were always taking my bottles, or so my mother and father told me."

She eyed his large, muscular frame with amusement. "You look deprived," she laughed.

There was another giggle as well but this one seemed to be coming from a corner of the room.

Michael rolled his eyes. "Emma? Are you hiding somewhere in here?" he called out in a booming voice.

"Yes," came the small, laughing voice.

"Are you looking at a book?"

"Sort of," she replied. She appeared a moment later carrying a large atlas. "Daddy told me this was a map, but it looks like a book."

Michael sighed. "Why don't we take it to your daddy and have him explained it to you."

The little girl shook her head. "I can't."

Michael bent down to the child's eye level. "Okay, out with it. What did you do wrong?"

"I didn't push my brother if that's what you think," she said defensively, her eyes sliding to the floor.

Darcy smothered a laugh. Michael wasn't' so nice. "Emma, did you push Max?"

The little girl shook her head and pressed her lips together.

"Emma?" Michael said, his tone warning her to tell the truth.

Emma looked down back up at her uncle, willing him to understand her side of the story. In a dramatic stance, her shoulders drooped, as she nodded her head. But she instantly regrouped, "But it was an accident! I promise. And he's okay. It isn't like I really hurt him or anything," she explained, the words running together in her rush to get her side of the story understood.

"And you ran away from your momma?" Michael guessed the rest of the story.

Emma hesitated to answer that damming question. "You don't understand! She was going to put me in time out."

Michael shook his head, not showing any mercy to the small girl's plight. "Emma, I bet your mommy is looking all over the place for you and is very worried. Why don't you go to the kitchen and tell your daddy what happened. He'll help you."

Emma thought about that plan for a moment. After considering it, her face brightened. "Daddy won't put me in time out. He's a push over. Momma said so," she exclaimed, cheered by the idea of escaping her punishment. She dropped the atlas where she stood and ran out of the library.

Michael stood up and turned back to Darcy. "Sorry about that."

"You're very good with kids," she said, wondering for the first time if he ever planned on having a family.

"I love them. They're really great."

"It shows."

Michael smiled his appreciation for her compliment. "Me, Carlo and Gus fight over who gets to babysit the little guys whenever we're in town. Unfortunately, my siblings don't leave their kids with us often enough."

Darcy laughed at the idea of the three tall, strong men fighting over who won the job of putting the tiny people to bed at night. "That's hard to imagine," she said softly.

"Why? It's a lot of fun. Why don't you come the next time? with just one or two. And you get to know them better as individuals. together, they kind of go into mass craziness."

It isn't so crazy

When they are

"Is that how many kids you'd like to have, one or two?" she asked spontaneously, moving away from him and glancing around the room. She was feigning disinterest in the answer, but she knew however he replied was vitally important to her. She wanted several children but hadn't really thought about how many. Being an only child, she knew she wanted more than just one. Darcy had missed having siblings growing up, despite the terrorizing her friends had talked about at the hands of their brothers and sisters.

"I'm willing to practice as much as you need," he said and leaned over her shoulder to nibble on her earlobe.

Darcy instantly shivered and leaned into the caress. She was probably making too much of this conversation. She didn't want to worry about this now anyway. It was Sunday afternoon, she had a busy week ahead of her. Darcy just wanted to relax and enjoy the day without any worries.

"I don't think you're up to the challenge," she said and turned in his arms.

Michael grabbed her and growled in her ear. "Not up to the challenge?" He lifted her onto the desk and leaned over her. "I'll show you who's up to what," he said and nibbled on her neck. They had just leaned over, Michael seriously kissing her when they were interrupted yet again.

"Uncle Michael!" a little voice yelled from the hallway.

Michael sighed and leaned his forehead against her shoulder. "Sometimes it is difficult being part of a large family," he groaned.

Darcy laughed and stood up, pulling down her shirt right before two small boys peeked around the door to the library. "Hi Uncle Michael," one of the boys said, articulating his words with painful precision.

"Uncle Mike!" the other one said and started running, intending to throw his tiny body into Michael's arms.

Michael bent down and picked up the first, then second boy, laughed as they threw their little arms around his neck. "Josh, Dennis, I'd like you to meet a friend of mine. This is Darcy," he said.

Both boys moved closer to Michael but looked at her, wondering if they should accept her as a safe person or not.

"Michael? Are you down here with the maniacs?" a deeper, older male voice called out.

"Yep. They're here, Thomas," Michael called back.

Thomas appeared around the doorway and smiled as he realized his two boys were safe in their uncle's arms. "Okay you two. You had a good nap, but it is time to terrorize someone else," he said, taking both under an arm and hauling them out of the library. "You guys continue whatever it was you were up to before these hellions interrupted," he said.

Darcy couldn't see Thomas' face but heard the smile in his voice and she blushed. As soon as Michael stepped closer to her, she jumped away. "No way, buddy. Everyone knows what you are up to in here. Finish this tour so they won't think we're making out. Or worse," she said and jumped back again as he reached for her again.

Michael sighed deeply. "If they all know what we're doing, why don't we just do it so we don't disappoint them," he said, wriggling his eyebrows.

Darcy screeched when he grabbed her by the waist. "No way. I want to see the rest of this mansion you called home. So lead the way."

Michael saw the seriousness in her tone and relented. "Okay, for now. And just because you're embarrassed."

"So if I wasn't embarrassed, you'd have your wicked way with me?"

"Absolutely," he said. "But this way, I can get you out of the library and show you the upstairs bedrooms. Mine's the best," he said and pulled her towards the stairway.

Darcy laughed but pulled him in the other direction. "What's down this hallway?" she asked, feigning curiosity.

Michael followed her along, explaining the different rooms and some memories they contained. And with each room, he could explain who he was fighting with and over what issue. Or girl, she revised.

They worked their way outdoors and he held her hand as they walked across the patio and down a long grassy area surrounded on both sides by perfectly manicured hedges. He led her toward a wall of tall hedges that immediately swallowed them into their depths.

"Michael, what is this?" she asked as he led her down one hedge corridor and then another. "Please tell me this isn't a maze of some sort."

"Of course it is," he said and turned to face her after another turn. "And now that we're alone..." he said and pulled her into his arms.

Darcy hesitated for only a moment. She suspected that they were deep into the maze and no one would be able to find them in here. So she stepped into his arms and lifted her face to his kiss.

With his hands on her waist, he eased his fingers under her shirt and felt her warm skin. As soon as he touched her, he breathed in her gasp and reveled at how sensitive she was to his touch. "You're beautiful, Darcy," he said and deepened the kiss.

Darcy lost her mind yet again, wanting only to be held by this man, to make love to him until she couldn't think anymore. Only Michael could make her feel that way. She groaned as one hand moved to touch a lace covered breast and she held onto his broad shoulders, wanting to lay down on the grass and make love right there.

"Michael," two female voices called. with the grill."

"You're brothers say they need your help

Michael let his head fall backwards. here?" he whispered.

"How the hell did they know we were in

Darcy gritted her teeth and leaned her head against his muscular chest.

"I'll bet Thomas and Sal sent them out here," Michael said and pulled his hands out from under her shirt. "Come on. home and make love to you properly. suggested we come to lunch today." Let's get this lunch over with so I can take you

I'm not sure what I was thinking about when I

Darcy giggled at his frustration but she was feeling the same way. She liked his family but now she wanted to be alone and finish what he'd started.

He pulled her out of the maze quickly. Despite his attempts to eat and run, he was considerate of his family's feelings and they spent a couple more hours playing with the kids. Once all the children were asleep for their afternoon nap, Darcy and Michael sat and talked with the adults. Darcy didn't talk much but was content to just listen to the others discuss their week. She liked the way they all spoke about their frustrations, even Sal, the oldest who she initially thought would be the typical head of the family, listened and contributed to the conversation. She realized that he genuinely respected his brothers' and sister's opinions on all subjects.

Monday morning came too quickly for Darcy but as soon as she walked into the building, she felt stronger and better than she had on Friday afternoon. She quickly fixed the server issue and several other minor crises that came up after that. She was amazed at how easy the problems were solved since she was refreshed from her weekend. It was already four o'clock in the afternoon and she wasn't as tense as she usually was.

Then the phone call came.

"Darcy Madison, ATI," she answered the phone absently.

"Darcy! Good to hear your voice again. What are your plans for tonight?" Norman Finch asked, his whiny voice coming across the phone lines.

Darcy instantly was alert and she had to struggle to be polite to the irritating man. "Me and my team are working tonight. You moved up the deadline to next week so we're all burning the midnight oil to make our demonstration shine."

"Well, meet me for breakfast tomorrow morning then and I'll help you with that," he said. He gave her an address to a restaurant and then hung up.

Darcy didn't understand what was going on but she wrote down the instructions. As soon as she hung up the phone, she dialed Jim's number. He wasn't available, so she dialed Micahel's. But as soon as she finished the last number, she got an e-mail from him saying he had to go out of town tonight and would call her as soon as he got back. She hung up the phone and sighed. What harm could a simple breakfast have?

Darcy dressed carefully the next morning. She was tired, having worked until almost midnight the night before so she could prepare some slides for Mr. Finch to review this morning. And she wasn't really in the mood to deal with some man who she suspected had an ulterior motive.

The restaurant was quiet when she arrived but there were other patrons having business meetings. She made sure she was early so Mr. Finch wouldn't be irritated again. But as soon as he walked through the doors, she knew there was going to be trouble. He looked around the lobby and didn't immediately see her and his brow furrowed in irritation.

"Mr. Finch?" she said, stepping out from behind a chair that must have been blocking his view of her.

He startled and threw his hands up in the air, ready to run. When he realized who it was, it took him several moments to compose himself, and slick his hair back over his balding head.

"Darcy! I didn't see you when I first walked in. I thought you were going to keep me waiting again. I'm a very busy man and don't have time for that, you know," he said, admonishing her again for the previous lunch issue despite her being on time for this meeting.

Biting her tongue on a caustic reply, she said simply, "You're right, Mr. Finch. And I apologize again. That was inexcusable of me. I promise I won't waste your time in the future. I believe our table is ready if you're hungry."

"Well, at least you're here now. Let's eat. I'm haven't had my morning coffee yet so I'm afraid I'm a bit of a grouch."

Darcy didn't reply to that comment but followed him to the table. She considered him a grouch all the time, but she knew he wouldn't appreciate her opinion of his personality. The hostess handed them both menus and she hid behind hers for a moment, trying to gain a little more time.

The waitress came and poured each of them hot coffee and they put in their orders. Norman filled up his coffee with four, large teaspoons of sugar. The coffee spilled over the side as he stirred the sugar in his cup. As soon as the waitress went away, Norman Finch moved his chair closer to Darcy's. "Well? Tell me about the progress you've been making."

Darcy pulled out the slides she'd been working on the previous evening and started to show him the details of their progress. "Well, we're almost there," she said and winced as the man moved closer still with the pretense of looking at the slides even though she handed him a set for his own viewing and didn't need to look at hers. She stressed the flexibility of their application and how much stronger the files would be when set up with her system versus the normal operating system.

Norman didn't seem very interested in her explanation and she wracked her brain to remember something that might pique his curiosity and want to go with their solution over the competitions.

Thankfully, their breakfast came quickly and she was able to move away slightly in the guise of needing some elbow room to eat. But he still leaned closer to her.

By the end of breakfast, his elbow was constantly touching hers no matter how much room she gave him. Finally, she snapped. "Mr. Finch, I just can't work this closely with another person. I need a little more space to think."

At first his eyes showed his surprise at her outburst but after several moments where he vascilated between irritation and humor, Norman Finch chose the latter and just smiled in an odd and patronizing way. He patted her hands condescendingly and said, "I understand. I feel the same way about you. Meet me for dinner tonight and we'll discuss what to do about it."

Without another word, he inefficiently wiped his mouth and stood up, immediately leaving the restaurant with scrambled egg on one side of his mouth. Darcy stared at his retreating back as if he were some sort of slimy lizard that had come up out of nowhere, wreaked havoc, then disappeared without a word.

He wanted her to meet him for dinner? Was he nuts? He barely looked at any of the slides she'd worked on late last night. That man had to be up to something and she didn't like where she suspected his actions were going. He was definitely barking up the wrong tree if she thought he could get anywhere with her.

She paid the bill and smiled gratefully to the waitress, leaving her a big tip for getting their food to the table quickly and making sure that the irritating man always had a full cup of coffee. While she gathered up her slides and headed over to the office, she wondered about his last comment. What did he mean when he'd said he 'understood'? She was wary about what he thought he understood about her feelings. Either he was completely misunderstanding, which meant he knew how disgusting she thought of him, or it was the exact opposite and he was now under the impression that she was somehow attracted to the small man.

Heading back to the office, she was determined to talk to Michael and make sure someone else accompanied her on this dinner meeting with her potential client.

As soon as she walked into her office, several team members approached her with both problems and solutions. Some weren't sure which direction to take on the user interface. Others just wanted reassurance that they were still on track to meet the deadline for the end of the proposal. She worked with her team to finalize the presentations to the committee, putting the idea of dinner with Mr. Finch out of her mind.

Darcy was due to meet him at seven that night. She left a voice mail for both Michael and Jim but as the hour approached and neither of them called her back, she grew slightly concerned that she'd have to meet the man alone.

She didn't bother going home to change clothes, nor did she create more slides since he'd barely glanced at the previous information over breakfast. She wasn't going to waste her time if all he was going to do was eat or make irritating innuendos. She also didn't want him to think she was dressing up for him in any way. That might lead to ideas she was not willing to put into the man's mind if they weren't already there. Her brown slacks and cream colored sweater were professional and comfortable so she didn't even feel the need to change for herself.

She walked into the restaurant and found him sitting at the bar drinking a martini. There was already an empty glass beside the one he was sipping. She wondered how many he'd had already. They were potent drinks and could make people do silly things or think ideas that were better left to a fantasy world. She wondered what a drunk Norman Finch was like. She didn't think it would be a pretty sight.

"Good evening Mr. Finch," she said and sat down on the stool next to him, dropping her purse on the floor next to the bar stool. He had changed into a different suit, but it was just as awful as the one he'd worn earlier in the day although this one was made of brown polyester instead of the navy blue with light blue shirt underneath. The one major difference was that he was not wearing a tie tonight.

"Ah, Darcy. I'm glad to see you," he said and signaled to the bar tender. "What would you like to drink?"

Smiling to the bartender, she ordered a gingerale.

Norman didn't like her drink preference and it showed on his face. "Aren't you going to drink? It's after hours."

"For some maybe. But your committee moved up the deadline for presentations. I now have three days to finish. So I'll fill you in, answer any additional questions you have after this morning's breakfast meeting and then I have to head back to the office to help my team," she explained.

Norman didn't like that answer very much. "Why don't we just put work aside for a while. You're always so business-like. Just relax for one night and talk to me. I'd like to get to know you on a personal level," he said, reaching out and trying to touch her hand. But the bartender set her soda down right at that moment so she was able to escape his touch by lifting her glass to her mouth.

She took a long sip, stalling for time in an effort to figure out how to react in this sticky situation. It was exactly what she had suspected but that didn't make the situation any easier. Putting her glass down onto the bar napkin, she turned to him and smiled professionally. "I'm sorry, I make it a policy to never socialize with clients," she said, looking him straight in the eye, "and especially not potential clients. It just isn't ethical."

Norman's eyes squinted. "Maybe you should change your policy," he said threateningly. "It doesn't seem like a very good policy to maintain, under the current circumstances."

Darcy wanted clarification before she threw her drink on him. "What exactly are you asking for, Mr. Finch?" She didn't raise her voice and tried to keep the revulsion from her face.

He tried to hide some of his anger before answering her. "I'm a single man. You're a single woman. We're both attractive. Why don't we get together and ease each other's loneliness?" he said and ran a finger over her forearm. "I can tell you're lonely. Anyone who works the kind of hours you do probably just doesn't have anyone to come home to."

Darcy pulled her arm back quickly. "That's not an option," she said, trying to keep the anger and the disgust out of her voice.

"Change the options!" Norman snapped.

Darcy's eyes narrowed at his sharp tone and his meaning. "Mr. Finch, I don't mix my business and personal life. It sounds suspiciously like you are blackmailing me. Nothing is worth losing my personal integrity."

He leaned forward and Darcy could smell the alcohol on his breath. He'd been drinking more than just the two martinis apparently. "Even if it jeapordizes your chances at winning the project?" he snapped.

Darcy inhaled sharply. "I think you should spell out exactly what you are implying so there is no miscommunication here," Darcy said, sitting up straighter on the bar stool.

Norman's mouth pursed in frustration. "Don't be naive. You know exactly how this thing works. You want the project, it would mean a big promotion for you in your company. I'm a lonely man in need of the attentions of a beautiful woman. We can help each other." He tried to reach for her hand again but Darcy was having nothing of that. She pulled her hand out of his reach yet again, ignoring the look of fury on his face.

"So, what you're saying is that if I sleep with you, I automatically win the contract with your agency. If I don't follow through, I lose. Is there any miscommunication with that summary, Norman?"

Norman obviously didn't like things put so bluntly. His face turned an ugly shade of red. But he didn't relent. "If you need it put in crass terms like that, then yes. I think that about sums up the issue here."

Darcy dug through her purse to find her wallet so she could throw down a few dollars, just enough to cover her soda and a tip for the bartender who was conspicuously staying away from their area of the bar. She wasn't going to spring for Norman's drinks again. After putting her purse on her shoulder, she stood up and face the man threatening her with sexual harassment. "Mr. Finch, I think this conversation is over. Please don't suggest anything so vile to me again."

Darcy turned and left the bar, not looking back to see what reaction her words had on the foul man. She was shaking by the time she got into her car. She had to wait about five minutes before she could drive back to the office. The only thing that got her moving was the thought that Norman Finch might come out of the restaurant and see her in her car, shaking.

Once she was back at her desk though, the emotions came crashing down upon her. She looked around at all the reports and papers that documented weeks of work by her and her team. She now knew it was all for nothing. They would surely lose the contract now. And regardless of the legality of Norman Finch's sexual harassment, the result would be the same. The disgusting man would ensure that another company won the work.

The tears burst out of her, enveloping her in a cocoon of misery. The emotions wracked her body, shaking her shoulders as she bent over her desk. The tears dropped onto the report laying in the middle of her desk, smudging the words. But Darcy didn't care. She didn't care about anything right now. Everything she had been working on for the past three months was ruined because of an evil little man with so little belief in himself he had to blackmail women to be with him.

All the work and hours! Her whole team would be devastated. They had spent so much time away from their homes, their families. It wasn't fair that they now were out of the competition. Should she tell them? Or should she just let them continue to work, not knowing that they had no chance of winning the contract? She'd have to tell them. They had a right to know.

She would have to report him. It was the right thing to do even though it wouldn't do any good. And it would make her look like she was crying over not winning the contract. It didn't matter. Someone had to stand up and fight against that kind of evil or he'd do it to the next woman he thought he could intimidate.

She had to face her team and tell them the news. Getting control of herself first, she stood up and wiped her face, applying a bit more powder in an effort to camouflage the effects of her outburst. When she thought she was somewhat presentable, she stood up and walked down the hallway to the lab where the rest of the team was still working, despite the fact that it was past eight o'clock at night.

As soon as she stepped in, everyone stopped working and looked up. They all knew she'd gone to meet their potential client and were anxious to hear what had happened. By the looks on their faces, she could tell that they understood something very bad had happened.

"I have some bad news," she said.

Billy, one of the lead techies on the project, slumped down in his seat and swiveled around. "They are moving the deadline up another day and we have to finish by tomorrow morning," he joked.

Darcy smiled and waited for the laughter to die down.

"Not exactly," she said when it was quiet again. "As you all know, I met Norman Finch for dinner tonight. He'd requested the meeting after our breakfast meeting this morning and..."

"He made a pass at you," Rick, another team member said, and his body was instantly tense. "You turned him down flat, didn't you?" he asked and it was more of a statement than a question.

Darcy took a deep breath before explaining. "He didn't really make a pass, but he made a statement that if I didn't commit to his agenda, we would lose the contract."

"And his agenda had something unsavory in it," Billy clarified.

"Correct," Darcy confirmed.

There was a long period of silence as all ten members absorbed the reality of her statement. Darcy stood in front of the group of men and women, waiting for their response, not knowing what they would say. They would be disappointed of course. Some would be angry. Some might even be angry at her. She braced herself for their anger and frustration.

"We'll do it anyway," Rick said, standing up and turning to face the rest of the team who were slumped in their chairs as they took in the news.

Instantly, nine other heads nodded their agreement. They all sat up slightly in their chairs.

Darcy looked up and tried to assimilate what they were saying. Of all the responses, this was the last one she'd expected. There was no anger directed towards her. Her whole team was rallying behind her, ready to forge ahead despite their setback.

"We should go in there Friday and show them that you can't be intimidated," Beth said, another team member and she appeared to be angry but for Darcy's sake.

The rest of the team moved closer together, their chairs rolling into a circle where they could start brainstorming. Phrases like, "best presentation ever" and "kick some Finch butt" were thrown around the circle.

Darcy stood outside the circle and was humbled by their immediate and unconditional support. This was a group of people who had devoted the last three months of their lives, ignored their spouses, gone home for dinner with the family only to turn around and come back to work once their children were in bed and refused social invitations all for an effort that they now realized was doomed and yet they were still rallying around her and the proposal.

Taking a deep breath, she grabbed a chair and entered the conversation wanting to remain a part of this phenomenal group of professionals. They were well on their way to creating a system that would rival the competitors but now, freed from constraints by guaranteed failure, their creative juices started flowing. They came up with ideas they knew would be rejected but were brilliant in Darcy's opinion.

They all worked until midnight, tossing around ideas in the computer lab, calling out suggestions to each other once one person got stuck. Each time a milestone was met, the group high fived a member, then tumbled onto the next task, mindlessly pursuing the fulfillment of the challenge.

Darcy went home and fell into bed, wishing she could call Michael. But she didn't want him to know what was going on. She was ashamed and afraid he would blame her. And she didn't want him to know because he would probably shut down the proposal effort. In her mind, the team deserved to finish the project and present their ideas to the committee.

She woke at five the next morning, showered and changed then drove back to the office. She was the first one in the lab and reviewed the status from the work done the previous night. By seven o'clock that morning, more members of the team were stumbling in, coffee in hand as they stared bleary eyed at their computer screens, trying to wake up.

The team continued to work non-stop. She ordered food brought in, good food and not just pizza and made sure there was gourmet coffee in the coffee pot instead of the usual grind the company paid for. Lunch and dinner for whoever wanted it was provided. She made sure no one would be penalized for leaving the lab but not a single member of the team left until the job was completed.

Darcy got several messages from Michael asking her to call him but she ignored them all. She didn't want to know if he'd found out about Norman Finch. He'd have to search her out if he knew. Just the thought of that scene made her angry. Michael definitely wouldn't understand how important it was for these people. In her sleep deprived state, she made him out to be a monster who was only after the profit and loss of a particular effort. Rationally, she knew that he was being enormously supportive. All of his messages were very nice and understanding. He knew her presentation was on Friday and was trying to give her the space she needed to get the job done. Unfortunately, no matter how nice he sounded on the messages, she still thought of him as the enemy and she had to complete the task before he got wind of anything that had happened three nights ago.

All she wanted was to prove that their presentation, their solution, was the best. So she ignored Michael, refusing to see him, ignoring his summonses and generally pushing herself harder than she'd ever worked before. She didn't want to hear his lectures on balance so she didn't even leave him a voice mail telling him she'd call him back later.

It was Thursday night, after midnight. Two of the team members had fallen asleep on their computer having been in the lab since five o'clock that morning without any breaks. They were due to present to the committee at nine the next morning.

Darcy walked over to the sleeping members and gently shook them awake. "Go home, guys. We need to be bright eyed and bushy tailed tomorrow," she joked, wondering how she was going to get any sleep at all.

They stumbled out of the lab and everyone went home. Darcy fell into bed and stared up at the ceiling, the presentation she and her other team members had worked on going through her mind. Had she done everything possible to win this contract? Were there any glitches in the system that might mess up the demonstration in the morning? Did everyone understand their part of the presentation? Did they bring their notes home so they'd be available in time? The potential problems sifted through her mind over and over and she was unable to relax enough to fall asleep.

The following morning, the team assembled in the lobby of the agency, presentation boards, laptops and brochures detailing their proposed solution in hand. They all smiled grimly when they saw Darcy walk up. She wore a blue suit with a pencil slim skirt and a white silk blouse underneath. Even her shoes were professional, with moderate but elegant three inch heels.

After weeks of seeing each other in only jeans and polo shirts or rumpled teeshirts, it was almost laughable to see everyone dressed up in their professional suits, crisply pressed and starched, ties perfectly knotted. Two of the team members who had sported beards for the past three months were now cleanly shaved. Darcy almost didn't recognize them when she walked up to the group.

She walked up to the assembled group of nervous professionals. After looking at each of their faces, she said simply, "Let's do it."

But no one moved. As if in a dream, they all turned and watch one more person come forward. "Good morning Darcy," Michael said, his deep voice coming across her tired body like a soothing balm. "I understand you guys have been burning the midnight oil to get things finished up," he said, staring at her eyes. "You look tired."

Darcy looked down at the floor. She didn't want his energy now. She wanted to spill everything to him, tell him how Norman Finch had spoiled their efforts and that this was a futile exercise. But she knew he'd be angry. And that made her angry. So she avoided looking him in the eye. She smiled encouragingly at her team. "Well, let's get this over with, huh?" she said and the rest of the team nodded in response.

The twelve of them entered the elevators and assembled outside the room they were scheduled to present in. When they were called in to present their idea, Norman was front and center. Darcy tried to ignore him, but her eyes accidentally slid to his and she caught his smirk.

Ignoring the small man, she persevered through the briefing and her team rallied behind her. They had energy and enthusiasm. They also knew their stuff. Each question posed to them was answered quickly, professionally and, in some cases, with a nice bit of humor to break the tension. Even Michael stepped up and answered several questions, his charm and wit immediately coming through as he demonstrated how he had risen to the lofty rank of vice president so quickly.

When they were finished two hours later, everyone left and breathed a sigh of relief. Out on the street, Darcy smiled at the group, still unable to meet Michael's eyes. "Okay guys. You did a great job. Go home, get some sleep, take tomorrow off," she joked since the next day was Saturday, "and be with your significant others. I'll see you on Tuesday. We should hear something by mid afternoon Tuesday. I'll let you know the minute the news comes through."

The team that had shown such energy, cohesion and enthusiasm only minutes before while presenting to the committee, nodded their heads and drifted silently away. Darcy watched them go and wanted to cry.

"What's going on?" Michael asked softly behind her.

It took her a moment to get herself together before she could turn around and answer him. Taking a deep breath, she faced him but was still unable to look him in the eye, afraid of the condemnation she'd see there. "They are just tired," she lied. "So am I. I really need to get home and get some sleep. I didn't get any sleep at all last night. That's after three nights of less than four hours. I'm beyond tired, actually," she said weakly.

Michael watched her eyes and noticed that she wouldn't look at him. "There's something wrong. Why can't you tell me about it?" he asked and took a step closer to her.

Darcy's body leaned towards him and she allowed herself a few brief moments of his strength, his arms closed over her shoulders and she sniffed into his shirt.

She knew she should tell him but she just couldn't. Something held her back. "I promise, I'll tell you everything once I can pull myself together. We've all been working extremely hard."

"I know," he sighed and ran a hand over her hair. It settled on her slim, shaking shoulders. He wished she trusted him enough to confide in him. "I've heard you guys have been putting in twenty hour days for the past three days, and only slightly less prior to that."

She stepped back and nodded. "They are a great team. You'll need to find something great for them to work on now that the proposal is done. They deserve anything you can give them."

He allowed her to step back and put his hands in his pockets. Darcy noted the grim look in his eyes and something inside her shriveled up.

She left him standing on the sidewalk without another word, but her heart was breaking. He must know what had happened. Someone had told him, she was sure. And now he wouldn't want anything to do with her. She was soiled goods even though she hadn't let Norman touch her in any way besides that one minor touch that last evening.

She was being irrational again. There was no way she was going to know what he was thinking until she talked to him. Making up scenes in her head about what he may or may not be thinking was counter productive, she told herself as she started her car and drove away. She needed to think about this whole issue once she'd had a good night's sleep. Or several good night's of sleep, she corrected.

It was too much to deal with. She drove home with tears streaming down her face. She walked into her house, took off her shoes and dove into her bed without bothering to take off the rest of her clothes. She was too tired, both physically and mentally.

Saturday morning, she woke up to sunshine streaming down onto her face. She rolled over and tried to understand why she was so depressed. Then the events from the day before hit her and she pulled her head under her pillow, wishing she could turn back time or at least ignore the future.

Unfortunately, the phone started ringing.

"Hello?" she said, not pulling her head out from under the pillow.

"Good morning, Darcy," an odd voice replied.

Darcy couldn't identify the voice initially. "Yes?"

"This is Norman. I was calling to say that I'm giving you another chance. You can reconsider your position," he said smugly.

Darcy sat up in her bed, shocked and disgusted. "I'm sorry?"

Norman Finch chuckled. "I thought that might grab your interest."

"My interest?" Darcy replied, getting angrier by the moment.

"Yes. I wanted you to know that I want you enough to let you have a second chance."

"I don't think..."

"Tutt, tutt, Darcy. Don't be so quick to reject what I'm offering. I can make or break your career, you know."

"My career?"

"Yes. I can make sure you either win the contract or don't. And if you don't, I'll make sure everyone knows that the reason you didn't win it was because you made a pass at me."

Darcy was speechless for about five seconds. Then the anger that had been simmering just under the surface flared up. She jumped out of bed, landing on the scuffed hardwood floor in her stockings and grabbed the phone so she could pace as she talked. "Let me get this straight so I can make the appropriate decision based on all the facts," she said, trying to keep her tone even.

"That's a smart girl," Norman replied and Darcy gritted her teeth as she imagined the disgusting little man sitting back in his vinyl covered chair in his greasy kitchen.

"You're willing to ignore my recent rejection of you and award ATI the contract on the condition that I sleep with you. But if I don't sleep with you, I will not only lose the contract, but you'll go around telling everyone that I was willing to purchase the contract, so to speak, on my back in your bedroom. Did I miss anything?"

There was a slight hesitation before he responded. "Well, yes. I guess that about sums it up."

"Neither is a very attractive option, I have to warn you. But I think I'll stick with my previous rejection. We have a very good solution that we can build for you. If you want to go with an inferior product, I can't help you. And I'm willing to let my reputation speak for myself."

"You're not thinking this through very clearly, Darcy. I have your CEO's phone number on speed dial and I'm willing to call him up immediately to complain about you. You've bought me breakfast, lunch and dinner. And didn't you say this was your first proposal? or break you."

Sounds a little suspicious, doesn't it?

Don't blow it. Like I said, I can make

Darcy wanted to slam down the phone, she was so repulsed. "Mr. Finch, this is sexual harassment. If you persist in going down that path, I'll fight you on it."

"Is that your final word on this issue?" he said, his words clipped and angry.

Darcy didn't bother to reply. She simply hung up the phone. But then she crumbled to the floor, the tears starting over again. She wanted to fight him. She hated the man and he deserved to be prosecuted. But she just didn't have the energy at this time to deal with the awful man.

She took off her suit and tossed it in the closet, knowing it would have to go to the dry cleaners before it had a chance of surviving another wearing. Sleeping in work clothes wasn't the best way to present a professional image.

She showered and put on a fluffy, yellow robe and some thick socks. She padded into the kitchen and forced herself to make a pot of coffee. She contemplated making breakfast, but her stomach wasn't up to the task of eating, so she discarded the idea.

Once the coffee was made, she sat down at her kitchen table and sipped it, letting the hot fluid seep into her bones as she considered what her next move should be.

Should she call Michael? Would he believe her? A tear slipped down her cheek as she rejected that idea. He didn't know her well enough to believe her instead of a client, especially a client that held the controls to so much money.

Besides, Michael thought she was too involved in work. He might actually believe that she would sleep with a man just to win a contract. That thought horrified her. Would he really believe something like that of her? She pushed the idea away but it kept coming back to her. She remembered his comment several months ago about how she was "afraid of living". Would he hear Norman Finch's accusations and think the worst? What else could he believe? She hadn't told him her side yesterday when she'd had the chance. Why would he believe her now?

She was crushed by the thought but pulled herself up and out of her depression. If he was going to think that, then she couldn't stop him. All day Saturday, she cleaned her house in order to get her mind off her work situation. She scrubbed the kitchen floor, took out all her pots and pans, then reorganized everything. She cleaned out her closet and separated her clothes, constantly forcing her mind to make decisions. The moment she stopped thinking about the next item to clean or organize, her mind drifted to Michael and what he must think of her now and she started to break down again.

By Saturday night, she was exhausted. Darcy didn't do much for the rest of the weekend. She slept and ate, watched movies on the television and ignored the rest of the world. The phone rang several times, but she refused to answer it. She turned down the volume on her answering machine so she couldn't hear whoever was leaving her messages.

Since it was a three day weekend for the proposal team, she stayed away from the office on Monday. Originally, she had planned on coming in and doing a debriefing with Jim and some others in upper management. She called into Jim's voice mail and canceled the meeting instead. She didn't want to have to explain anything yet.

By Tuesday morning, she'd come to the conclusion that she'd have to resign from her job. ATI was a great company, but who would believe her over a potential client? She could move to another state, somewhere that didn't have connections to this area. She didn't have to work here, she could go anywhere.

Darcy dressed carefully for work that day. And before leaving, she sat down at her computer and wrote a few lines for a resignation letter. It wasn't fancy. It was only three lines that stated she appreciated all the opportunities ATI had given her over the past few years but that she was searching out new challenges.

She walked into the office, keeping her head down. She didn't want to run into anyone who might ask her about the presentation the previous week. She went directly to Jim's office, hoping she could talk to him before anyone else. Unfortunately, he wasn't in there. She made her way to her own office and put her purse in her desk but kept her letter of resignation in her hand. With shaking fingers, she reached for the phone, intending to call Jim to leave him a voice mail asking for a meeting at the earliest possible time.

But as soon as her hand touched the receiver, the phone rang. She picked it up tentatively. "Hello?"

"Darcy, could you come up here?" Michael said. His voice was terse and she gripped the receiver.

"Of course," she said, and hung up.

He didn't sound angry in any way, but he had to have heard the news about the win already. The announcement was scheduled to come out an hour before hand. She should have been available to hear the announcement, being the lead for the proposal. But she'd procrastinated and now she was probably in trouble for that as well.

"Oh, well. I might as well get this over with," she said and forced her shaking legs to stand her up and move out of her office.

The ride up to the executive floor was excruciating. She watched the lights indicating the floors the elevator passed and it felt like a countdown to her execution.

Michael was waiting for her outside his office, so she didn't even have a moment to take a deep breath. Sal was waiting in Michael's office as was Jim. "What's going on?" she asked, terrified now that the moment was at hand.

"Why don't you tell us?" Jim replied.

Darcy didn't understand how he could be so jovial, but she'd never seen Jim in any other type of mood, so she guessed it wasn't too unusual.

Darcy handed her letter of resignation to him, since he was technically her direct supervisor although he acted more like a mentor than anything else.

Jim read the letter then looked up at her, his eyes wide. "Are you serious?"

Darcy just nodded her head, looking down at the floor.

"What's going on?" Michael asked and took the offered piece of paper from Jim.

A moment later, there was a terse, "No."

Darcy flinched and she looked up to see Michael tossing her letter into the trash. "We have a lot of work to do and you're in charge. So start talking."

She didn't know what to say. "I'm leaving," she said finally and shrugged her shoulders. Darcy turned and headed towards the door. But Michael grabbed her arm and sighed. "Jim, Sal, can I talk to Darcy privately?"

Sal nodded and followed Jim out. "We still need to resolve the Finch issue, Michael," Sal said and pulled the door closed behind him.

Once they were alone, Michael turned to face her. Crossing his arms over his chest, he asked, "Want to tell me what's going on?"

Darcy shrugged. "I didn't do it, you know."

"You didn't?"

"No. Absolutely not."

"Then who did?"

She was confused by that. She thought she heard a smile in his voice but she didn't think this was a laughing matter. "What do you mean? Finch initiated it, I rejected it."

Michael was completely confused now. "You rejected the contract?"

Darcy shook her head. "What are you talking about? I rejected Finch."

"I know you did. But you still won the contract. So why are you thinking to leave? I won't let you, you know."

Darcy had to take a step back, her hand reaching out behind her to grab a chair so she could steady herself. "We won?" she whispered and her eyes widened in shock.

Michael laughed. "Yes. Didn't you hear?"

She shook her head. "No. I just got into work."

"Well, I guess that's acceptable since you've been putting in eighteen or twenty hour days for the past week or two. But what's this about Finch?"

For the first time in four days, Darcy felt her heart lighten. "You mean we won There's been a formal the contract? You weren't joking or anything? We really won? announcement and everything?"

Michael put his hands on his hips and shook his head. said?"

"Isn't that what I just

Looking around the office, she smiled. "Wow!"

"In fact, they said that it was a unanimous decision among the committee members."

"Really?" Darcy asked, doubtful of that information. "Even Norman Finch?"

Michael shook his head. "Norman Finch was removed from the committee on Friday afternoon. He was fired and is facing charges of embezzlement, among several others."

Darcy just stood there staring at Michael for a long moment. Then one word sunk in. "Did you say this all happened on Friday?"

"Yes. Why?"

"That slimy, disgusting, lying little...."

"Who are you talking about?" Michael said moving closer to her and taking each of her hands within his.

"Norman Finch!"

"Ah! He got to you didn't he?"

"No. He tried to. He told me we'd lose the contract if I didn't sleep with him."

"And you turned him down flat."

"Of course!"

"I know," Michael said and laughed at her disgruntled expression. "So why didn't you answer my calls all weekend?"

The anger drained out of her and she turned away from him. "Because I didn't know if you'd believe me or not."

"You're kidding!"

She shook her head.

He spun her around and grabbed her upper arms. "Darcy, what kind of person do you think I am?"

"I know you're a good and honorable man. But we've only known each other for a few months."

"And don't you think that I've realized one or two things about you? For instance, that you wouldn't sleep with anyone to get ahead in the business world?" He rolled his eyes and hugged her. "Good grief, if you were going to do that, I would have had a much easier time of getting you into bed than I did. I've never had to kidnap someone until I met you. You're the last person I would assume slept her way to the top, much to my chagrin."

Darcy laughed. "Well, when you put it that way."

"Speaking of which, what are we going to do about the fact that you've ignored me all weekend when we could have been in bed together, satisfying each other's very lusty appetites?" he said and bent down to nibble her neck and earlobe.

Darcy backed up out of his reach but he just took a step forward, the look in his eyes revealed his intentions and they weren't professional in nature. "Michael, don't," she laughed. "Anyone could walk in right now."

His husky laugh followed her as she stepped around the coffee table. "Well, here's how I see it. I'm going to try and get the woman who just won a multi million dollar contract to sleep with me. What do you think the odds are on that happening?" he said and reached out to grab her around the waist. But she jumped back out of his reach at the last moment.

"Pretty slim," she laughed, but her whole body was tingling with anticipation.

"You think so?" he asked, backing her up against a chair and reaching for her again.

But she twisted at the last moment and escaped him. "Michael, you can't do this here," she laughed, despite her seriousness.

"Oh, but I can," he said, his eyes promising the passion she wanted so much. "And you ignored me all weekend when you should have been in my bed, making love to me and teaching me about you."

"That sounds lovely, but I don't think this is the time to start that," she said, her voice a whisper as she listened to his words, wanting them to be reality as well.

"Why not? You've worked hard, I'm the boss, I can demand that you and your team take a few days off to celebrate," he shrugged.

"That wouldn't be right."

"I decide what's right," he said and reached out to grab her again, this time his arm snaked around her waist and lifted her up against his body. "And you are definitely right, Darcy," he said a moment before his mouth covered hers.

Darcy didn't want to fight the urge any longer. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she pulled her body as close to his as she could get, reveling in the feel of his strong length against her own, softer body.

But she jumped back when she heard another deep voice. "Um, Michael, I hate to interrupt, but we really need to get Darcy down to sign the contracts," Sal said, the laughter evident in his voice.

Darcy's face instantly bloomed with color and she wriggled down to the floor, straightening her clothes as she hid behind Michael's tall form. "Bad timing, big brother," Michael said, sighing but he turned around to face him. "What did you need?"

"Well, besides a wedding invitation, we need to sign the contracts. The agency brought them over."

"If you'll leave us alone for another five minutes, you'll get both," Michael said.

Sal winked, "Good luck."

Darcy was still looking down at the floor when the door closed behind Sal.

"Am I going to need it?" Michael asked softly.

"What do you mean?"

He walked up behind her and put his arms around her waist. "Well, my big brother doesn't condone office romances. He thinks they are bad for business. I tend to agree with him."

Darcy sucked in her breath, not understanding what Michael was trying to say. "Do you think we should stop seeing each other."

"Just the opposite," he chuckled. "I think we should see more of each other."

Darcy turned around in his arms. "I'm not sure I understand."

He lifted her up so she was sitting on the desk behind her. "Well," he started, and slid one hand up her stocking clad leg, ignoring her hand that tried to stop him since he could see the passion flare up in her eyes as they watched him, "I don't think he would mind if I played a little hanky panky in my office with my fiance."

Darcy gasped and slapped his hand away, pushing at his chest. "You never mentioned a fiance, Michael Attracelli. I never would have had anything to do with you if I'd known you were engaged."

Michael's deep laughter caught her off guard. "I don't think this is anything to laugh about. Please excuse me, I really need to get out of here."

By that time, he was laughing so hard, he almost didn't catch her hand when she pushed past him. But the tears in her eyes that were about to spill onto her cheeks stopped his laughter. "Darcy, are you so oblivious to the way I feel about you? I can assure you, I know that you are in love with me. Why can't you see the same thing about me?"

Darcy blinked, letting his words form in her mind. "You know I'm in love with you?"

"Yes. Ever since I kidnapped you to Grand Caymen."

Pushing her chin up, she said defensively, "Don't worry. I won't bother you with my feelings. I really need to go now."

He let her take three more steps before his next words stopped her. "I love you too."

She turned around to face him, not sure she'd heard him correctly. "What did you say?"

"I said, I love you."

He just stood there in the middle of his office and waited. It took her a long time before she let the truth sink in. But once it did, her face cleared up and a smile broke out of her misery. "I love you, Michael," and she threw herself into his arms.

"Thank goodness you've finally realized it," he said and caught her tightly to him, holding her close. "So you'll marry me? It's the only way Sal will let us kiss whenever we want to in the office," he joked.

Darcy pulled back and looked at his handsome face. "Well, if that's the only way, I guess I'll have to, huh?"

Michael leaned down and gently kissed her smiling lips. "The only way, I guarantee it."

Epilogue

Darcy yawned as she entered the kitchen. It was Sunday morning and everyone was gathering at their house for lunch after church instead of Sal's house for a change. Sal's wife, Laci, was in the hospital giving birth to her second child. Both she and Sal had gone to the hospital late that night and no one had received any news yet so obviously the baby had not yet been born.

Laci picked up the paper that was sitting on the table and yawned again, thinking she might need to rest before everyone came over for lunch. She'd been working hard on another proposal and was unusually wiped out this time.

"How are you today?" Michael asked as he came in and kissed her cheek before taking the seat next to her.

Darcy smothered another yawn. "I'm fine," she said, knowing she didn't look it.

"You didn't get enough sleep. Why don't you skip church today and rest? You've been putting in too many hours at the office," he said and took a sip of coffee.

Darcy ignored the queasiness that settled over her at the smell of Michael's coffee. "I'll be okay," she said and looked at the headlines of the newspaper. She was glad to read that Norman Finch was sentenced to ten years in prison for embezzlement. He was also facing civil charges for sexual harassment. Darcy was scheduled to testify in another woman's case later in the week. "I see Norman is right where he belongs," she said and pushed her fruit away from her, not liking the smell of that either.

"I'm glad the women are speaking out against him," Michael said. "But I'm more concerned with you. Are you going to eat anything this morning" he asked, putting down his paper and watching her.

"I'm not really hungry," she said, grimacing at the idea of eating.

Michael didn't say anything as he noted the changes in her face and body. He knew her intimately and wondered if she had noticed anything different about herself lately. He doubted it. Darcy was one of the most intelligent women he knew when it came to computers and technical solutions. But when it came to self realization, she was usually dumbfounded. He counted backwards and realized that she was about five weeks late on her monthly cycles. He smiled at what that meant. They'd been married for less than a year but it had been a passionate and wonderful year. Since both of them had wanted children immediately, they hadn't been using any birth control.

He decided he needed to ease her into the idea of her pregnancy. He wasn't sure how she was going to take the news. He leaned forward and took her hand in his. "Darcy, remember last night when you didn't want me to touch your breasts?"

She nodded, but didn't look up from the article she was reading. "I'm sorry, did that bother you?"

"Not at all," he replied. "But you don't want to eat anything, my coffee is turning your face green and you're so exhausted that you fall asleep around seven o'clock each night."

Darcy looked up and frowned. "I'm sorry. Have I been a bore lately?"

Michael shook his head, knowing that he'd have to state the issue plainly instead of letting her guess it herself. He pulled her over onto his lap and nuzzled her neck, enjoying how she immediately wriggled in his arms, wanting more. "Darcy, I think you're pregnant," he whispered.

She went instantly still. Looking up at him, her eyes were as wide as saucers. "No, I'm just tired," she said and stood up.

Michael reacted instantly by reaching out and grabbing his fainting wife before she fell to the ceramic floor of the breakfast room. Shaking his head, he carried her into the family room and laid her down on the sofa, then got a cold wash cloth to help revive her.

Darcy looked up and didn't know how she'd gotten to the family room. She looked directly into her handsome husband's face. "Michael, what's going on?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper as she took in the family room ceiling.

Michael pulled her up to a sitting position gently. "Darcy, I'm pretty sure you're pregnant," he sighed, pulling her hair back away from her face.

She didn't say anything for a long time, just stared at his face. The previous conversation in the breakfast room was coming back to her now. "Are you sure?" she asked, a smile starting to form on her face.

Micahel threw back his head and laughed. He'd never get used to the transformation of her image when she smiled. He loved those dimples! "No, I'm not sure. I think you should take a pregnancy test and then we'll be sure."

Darcy blushed, wondering if she'd ever get used to how wonderful he made her feel. She knew he was right. It answered so many questions she'd had about what was happening to her body lately. "What if I am pregnant. Will you be happy?"

Michael kissed her hard. "I'll be ecstatic!"

She sighed into his mouth. "Good. I want a little boy just like you," she said, a feeling of wonder falling over them.

"First of all, it is going to be a little girl, just like you with glowing green eyes and a complete lack of how beautiful and wonderful she is. And second, you'd better hope it isn't a little boy like me. I weighed ten pounds when I was born and I was never little. None of my brothers were. Even my sister, who weighs about one hundred and ten pounds now wasn't little when she was born."

Darcy shook her head. "No use scaring me. I know you'll be right beside me. I can get through anything with you there."

Michael kissed her. He felt the same way.

