Chapter 1

The lightning slashed across the black sky and Zarah grabbed hold of the wet railing, bracing herself for the next ocean wave. It came just as the thunder erupted with vibrations that she could actually feel and she bowed her head, praying that the wave wasn't too large this time. The freezing cold rain was driving down onto the deck of the ship hard, feeling like needles against her skin and she couldn't understand why her long sleeved shirt wasn't protecting her more effectively. How had she gotten into this mess? How was she going to get out of it?

The wave of water crashed but it knocked her against the wooden railing of the ship. She had to ignore the pain tearing through her side, forcing her mind to focus on just surviving the storm. There was a door off to the side and she rushed towards it but it was locked! She tried to grab hold of the wheel of the ship, tried to steer out of this insane storm, but the waves and current were too strong and the downpour from the heavens made it difficult to see more than a couple of feet in front of her. The moment she tried to steer, the current ripped the wheel out of her hands, hurting her fingers. Looking around, she peered through the darkness, desperate to find something to protect her from this storm.

It was her own fault, she thought as she tripped her way towards the bow of the ship, wishing her legs would move faster. She had known that this storm was coming and she hadn't done anything to avoid it. There were so many things she could have done to steer around this storm but she'd just sailed along, pretending it wasn't coming.

Suddenly, she tripped and looked down, surprised by the coarse ropes that were wrapped around her ankles and the scrapes along her legs where the rough wood of the deck had torn her wet skin. How had she missed those huge rolls of ropes? Why hadn't she walked around them?

Another wave was coming. More lightning slashed and the thunder boomed but she ignored those problems. The thing she feared the most was almost upon her and she told herself that the wave was the worst. She could deal with the thunder because it wouldn't hurt her while the lightening was too far away at this point. The wave! She had to get out of the way! She had to find shelter or the wave would take her out to sea! Run faster! She tried to dash to safety but the rope was still tangled up around her legs, holding her back. Her numb fingers couldn't unravel the rope from around her ankles and she kept glancing at the wave then to the rope that was now knotted to her legs. Panic filled her chest as she watched the wall of water build higher, the fear that she would be washed off the deck and drowned at sea terrified her. The wave was coming closer, closer....her fingers ripped at the knots but nothing would unravel them and the wave was almost upon her now!

Someone was coming! More lightning but it didn't illuminate the man's face. He was terrifying. Large and dark, coming directly towards her. Why wasn't he affected by the storm? He seemed dry and he stepped over the ropes, not getting tangled up even though they were everywhere.

The wave! She could see the swell in the distance. It was coming faster! She had to find something to hold onto!

But it was too late. The swell rushed over the top of the ship and she hadn't made it to the railing yet. She had nothing to hang onto and she felt the water wash over her, taking her with it out to sea.

And then it was all gone. Zarah sat up in bed, gasping for breath as her mind shifted away from the nightmare, trying to orient herself to the present and wakefulness. She looked around, confused because the storm...it had been so real! She squinted her eyes trying to figure out where she was and what had just happened. Her breathing was heavy as reality slowly returned. "It was just a dream," she told herself, trying to calm her racing heartbeat and orient herself to her bedroom. Just a dream.

The doorbell rang.

She looked around, seeing the blanket wrapped around her ankles and she sighed, taking in deep, cleansing breaths to try and release the nightmare from her sluggish mind. She'd taken a nap after her last exam and now it was early evening.

The doorbell rang again, sounding more insistent.

Zarah looked at her watch and gasped. "Rashid!" she whispered and hurried out of her bedroom and over to the apartment door. Looking out through the peep hole, she saw her older brother, Rashid, and his wife, Sidra, standing outside. Rashid looked impatient as he reached for the doorbell again while Sidra simply looked concerned. Zarah wondered how long the two of them had been there but didn't take the time to figure it out. The dream had muddled her mind and gave her an odd sense of time so she just pulled open the door and threw herself into her brother's arms.

"Rashid! It's so good to see you!"

She felt safe and secure in her brother's strong arms. As sheik of her country, she knew he was extremely busy but he always made time for her, evidenced by the fact that he flew all the way to New York just to take her out to dinner. After hugging her brother, she spied her sister-in-law and grinned broadly. "Sidra, you look stunning, as usual," she said as she put her hands on her sister-in-law's growing stomach. "How far along is he?"

Sidra smiled and touched her stomach as well. "She," Sidra replied, emphasizing the feminine pronoun, "is about five months along. We're in the twenty-fourth week and she's really starting to prance around."

"Come in!" Zarah laughed. "I'm sorry, but I sincerely hope that this one is another boy. Believe me, you do not want to have a baby girl. Can you imagine Rashid with a girl? He'd never let her out of the palace!" She glanced at her older brother who was looking down at her with exasperation. "Trust me, I know. It took me years of arguing just to get him to let me go to school."

"But you're finished," Rashid announced emphatically. "And you're ready to come home. I'm very proud of you," he said and kissed her on the top of Zarah's head.

Zarah bit her lower lip, wondering when it would be a good time to bring up her suggestion regarding her future to her older brother. She knew what Rashid expected of her. She was to be married, become the wife of an important ally of Tasain, her home. Rashid was a very powerful man and she could help him by marrying someone who could give him support in either the region or on the international scene.

But she didn't want to go home. She didn't want to become some man's trophy wife or his political asset. Her older sister Isla had accepted her role as a female in their country but Zarah had always rebelled against their place. She wanted something more.

Although she had to admit that Isla was extremely happy with her current place. She was expecting their second child any day now and was still madly in love with her husband after several years of marriage.

Sidra noticed Zarah's forlorn expression and glanced at her husband but he seemed to be more interested in his baby sister's apartment. He was currently surveying the small space filled with well worn furniture, chipped plates on the shelves above the counter and a bookshelf that was propped up by broken pieces of wood to ensure that it didn't topple over from the weight of all the books lining its shelves.

"Is this where you've been living all this time, Zarah?" he asked, his voice coming out as harsh and disapproving.

Zarah looked around and beamed with pride. "Yes. It's been a great place to stay while I've been at school. My friends and I have had some great times here."

Sidra laughed softly and put her hand in Rashid's, squeezing to give him warning. "It looks like a fabulous apartment for a college student. Very comfortable and conducive to great study time. Doesn't it?" she asked her glowering husband who obviously didn't approve of his baby sister living in anything lower than the fabulously decorated condominium he'd bought for her several years ago.

Zarah seemed to glow with Sidra's approval and Rashid quickly caught on. "Yes. I'm sure it's favorable to a great deal of concentration." He sighed and put his arm around his wife. "Do you still have time for dinner tonight?" he asked, refusing to look at the tiny apartment and the contents that might be better off in a trash heap that in his baby sister's apartment. She was a princess! She shouldn't be living in a closet and wearing a tee shirt and jeans, regardless of her student status. Besides, her exams were now over, her thesis paper had been approved with high praise from her professors and she should be packing up to move back home.

Zarah nodded eagerly. "For you? I'm always available for dinner. Let me go change."

Rashid watched carefully as his sister walked through one of two other doors in the apartment. Sidra watched him watching her and her concern grew. As soon as Zarah had disappeared behind her bedroom door, she turned to face him, her eyes looking up into his concerned features. "What's wrong?" she asked, placing a gentle hand on his chest to get his attention.

Rashid looked down into his beautiful wife's face and sighed. "She's going to fight it."

Sidra nodded, sadness growing in her eyes because she didn't want her husband to go through the confrontation she knew was brewing with his baby sister. "I know." She put a hand to his cheek to comfort him and he covered her hand with his larger one.

"She can't."

"She will." She smiled gently, praying that it wouldn't tear him up too harshly. He was strong and knew how to handle his family. And she'd be there for him the whole way.

He pulled her closer and gently hugged her, mindful of her protruding stomach. "Any ideas on how to change her mind?"

Sidra laughed and hugged him back. "Personally, I wouldn't even try. But I didn't grow up in Tasain so I'm not as close to the culture as she is."

"She knows what her role is. We can't fight it."

She stood up on tip toe and kissed his jaw. "Do you have a groom in mind?"

Rashid shook his head. "Several men have asked for her. But I haven't responded. I wanted to put the names to her and let her decide."

Sidra glanced over at the closed door. "And what if she rejects all of them?"

His face hardened. "Then I'll choose the one that can protect her the best."

She knew that was coming, but it still made her heart ache that he would have to make that kind of a decision. Sidra didn't fully understand his position, but she trusted him to do the right thing.

Inside her bedroom, Zarah leaned against the door, her stomach churning with the conversation her brother and sister-in-law were having on the other side of the paper thin door. Several men had already asked for her? Who were they? And how long did she have to decide? Would Rashid take her preferences into consideration? Or would he choose the one he wanted even after she'd met all of them?

She had so many friends from classes and various activities, all of them were dating and having a grand old time. She'd been on a few dates, but no man had piqued her interest so far. She supposed that she couldn't imagine being with a man who wasn't as strong and powerful as her father was, or her brother currently is. They were both physically imposing men with a brilliant intelligence and a great sense of humor. The men she'd met here in New York were smaller and shorter than her father and brother by several inches and none had the muscles she was used to in a man. Having been raised in the palace, surrounded by body guards and her brother or father, she had high standards for men and so far, none that she'd met had lived up to those expectations.

And now her brother was going to sell her off to any man who could protect her adequately? What exactly did that mean? She could protect herself! She didn't need a man to do that. She was strong, capable, intelligent! She could damn well make it through this world on her own.

Opening her closet, she surveyed the clothes hanging to one side. There were two sides to her wardrobe. The majority of the clothes were jeans and tee-shirts, things she could wear to class and blend in with the rest of the student population. The other side had less outfits, but they were still just as useful. Hanging to the back and covered with plastic covers were her "princess" clothes. They were designed and tailored especially for her, with matching accessories and shoes. She pulled out a soft, purple dress from this side of her closet, grabbing the shoe box which contained the appropriate shoes. She had to keep them in boxes because of the dust that accumulated due to the lack of use. It wasn't very often that her brother would come to New York to visit with her. More often, she flew home for significant events and she had other clothes there which she could wear for those occasions.

It took her less than ten minutes to change into the sophisticated dress, slip on her purple, Prada shoes and wind her long, black hair into a twist at the base of her neck. Adding a pair of diamond earrings, a bit of lipstick and she was set. At the last minute, she added mascara and powder, but only because Rashid would expect her to look nothing less than her best when they were out in public. There was always the risk of the press when they were outside of Tasain and she didn't want to embarrass her brother by looking even slightly dowdy. She also knew that the cameras tended to make her look pale and sickly if she didn't have just a small touch of makeup on and she'd rather not have the paparazzi assuming she was falling ill with a deathly disease and all the silly speculations that came with that conjecture.

As they sat down to an elegant dinner at the exclusive, beautifully decorated restaurant, Rashid glanced at his baby sister carefully. She really was a stunningly beautiful woman. He hadn't realized that she'd grown up so well, but looking at her across the table, he was impressed with how she held herself, the dignified way she moved, the inherent grace of her stature.

Where was the immature girl who had argued passionately to be allowed to attend university? Who had thrown a temper tantrum when he'd refused? He remembered Zarah storming out of his office several years ago, slamming the door in her wake when he'd refused to allow her to leave the security of the palace to attend a school thousands of miles away. Gone was that girl and in her place was a sophisticated, elegant woman and, despite his previous objections to her wishes, he was very proud of all that she'd accomplished and how she presented herself.

He wasn't even sure how she'd finally convinced him in the end, but here she was. Not only had she completed her undergraduate work, but she had a Masters of Business Administration from Columbia University. Not a small accomplishment since Columbia was an extremely good school.

"So what are you planning to do now that you're finished with school?" Sidra asked as soon as the wine was served.

Rashid glared at his wife, wondering what she was up to. They had just been discussing the offers he'd received for her hand in marriage. That was the only option for Zarah and Sidra knew it. Putting ideas into her head that there were alternatives was not helpful.

Unfortunately, Sidra didn't look back at him so she didn't see his irritation.

Zarah glanced from Sidra to her brother, then back again. Could it be this easy? Had Sidra knowingly provided the needed opening? Zarah wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. She took the presented opportunity and ran with it before the window closed with Rashid rejecting any other possibilities. "I was actually considering various options," she started to say and looked over at her brother, trying to gauge his reaction. "Now that I have my degree," she said carefully, "I think the best way to be an asset to my future husband is to get some experience in the business world." She saw Rashid open his mouth and knew he was going to reject the idea for the more traditional marriage route so she spoke quickly. "I know that, whoever I marry, will have many business interests. It would be much better if I could speak intelligently with my husband and help him through the multi-faceted issues he will probably be facing."

She couldn't believe she was speaking such ridiculous tripe! Helping her husband? Good grief, let the man figure out his own problems. She intended to have several of her own to work through so the old coot would be on his own. Nor could she imagine even wanting to hear about some old man's problems, much less caring and hoping to advise him.

But she had to play to the audience and Rashid wanted her safely married off to someone who could 'protect her'. She didn't even want to contemplate what that might mean in terms of men. Old and fat with a protective detail surrounding him, and her, came to mind. She hated the idea. All of her freedom to come and go and explore the world would be eliminated simply because some disgusting old man wanted to protect his property, namely his wife and children.

"I don't think..." Rashid started to say but Zarah interrupted him again.

"I'd like to be able to converse intelligently at meals with his guests. Right now, I have business theories in my mind but no practical knowledge. Could you imagine me spouting off about some random economic theory to a world leader when they've already dismissed that idea for their country?" She added a forced shiver of 'revulsion' for affect and kept her eyes on Rashid. She'd glanced at Sidra during her little speech and saw the amusement. Sidra knew exactly what was going on. But did she approve? Being an American, maybe Sidra could add her influence to her brother's decision.

"Enough!" Rashid commanded. His voice wasn't loud, but it was adamant. "Zarah, you know..."

Sidra laid a hand on his arm and he stopped instantly. Looking at her, he shook his head and sighed heavily. "Let's have a relaxing dinner and discuss your future another time."

Zarah glanced at Sidra to thank her, but her heart was sinking in her chest because she knew it was only a matter of time before Rashid laid down the law and denied her the opportunity to find a job. All she could do was take the time to come up with another argument for delaying what was probably the inevitable. But the longer she delayed, the stronger the possibility that she'd find someone that would suit her better. And she'd be stronger as well. The more she learned, the better off she would be in her marriage. She didn't want to be a doormat. She wanted to be respected and needed.

Just as any other woman wanted.

The meal was uneventful but delicious. Zarah hadn't forgotten that one of the perks of being Rashid's sister was the delicious food. He had a fabulous chef in the palace and, since she'd never needed to learn to cook, she relied on salads a great deal of the time while at school. It was hard to mess up raw vegetables, she knew. At least they were healthy if not creative or interesting. Besides, there were so many other things she wanted to do and cooking was way down on the list so bland food was acceptable most of the time.

As Rashid dropped her off, walking her up to her apartment, he looked down at her with concern in his eyes. "We still need to talk about your marriage, Zarah."

Zarah looked away, her heart sinking even further and she had to fight back the tears that formed in her eyes. "I know."

"I'll meet you for breakfast tomorrow at my hotel. Sidra won't be able to stop the conversation then. Do you understand?" he asked carefully.

Zarah took a deep breath and nodded, her head bowed with frustration.

Rashid wished that he could help her feel better about her future but he didn't know what to say, what words would help her. They'd discuss it in the morning, he told himself and kissed her head before walking out the door. He shook his head in amazement that she enjoyed living in such a hovel. As he stepped into the limousine beside an exhausted Sidra, he pulled out his phone and issued a curt order, ensuring that two men watched her apartment at all times going forward.

"Why does she need a body guard now?" Sidra asked as she leaned her head against his shoulder and closed her eyes, her pregnancy making her sleepy a lot of the time.

Rashid took her hand and pulled her closer to him, wrapping his arms around her. "I didn't know she wasn't living in a gated community with adequate security around her. That was the type of apartment I'd selected for her when she'd started this whole college debacle so how she ended up here is a mystery. What was wrong with the condominium I bought for her years ago?"

Sidra laughed softly and kissed his shoulder. "I've never heard anyone refer to a person getting an education as a debacle before." It didn't matter how many years they'd been married, she was still amazed by some of his sexist attitudes.

"You know what I mean," he grumbled and pulled her closer. "She shouldn't be living like that. She doesn't understand the danger she's in by living so unguarded."

"But you do and you're here to fix it, eh?"

"Don't joke, Sidra. She's a princess and the world isn't as kind as you would like to think it is."

"I'm sorry," she sighed and snuggled against him. "But she's also a woman and an independent one at that."

"The men I've considered for her to marry will take that into consideration." At least he hoped so, but he didn't say that to his wife. He knew there were certain things that riled her up, with that crazy American independent attitude of hers. Sometimes he really didn't understand her, but he always appreciated her gentleness of spirit and kindness towards the world.

Sidra didn't respond, but she couldn't help but worry about her sister-in-law who wasn't much younger than she was. She could definitely imagine how she would feel if someone told her that she couldn't work anymore because it had happened when she'd married Rashid. As an interior designer by education and profession, it had been hard to let that go but there hadn't been any hesitation. She loved Rashid too much and if it were a choice between her career and him, she'd choose him any day. Oh, he let her redecorate the palace when the mood struck her but she couldn't offer her services to other clients. She didn't mind though because she had Rashid and her sons, and hopefully a daughter on the way.

Sidra strongly prayed that one of the men Rashid had lined up as possible grooms might tempt Zarah and be an interesting possibility for a husband. Unfortunately, she didn't hold out much hope of that after living in the palace for so many years and meeting some of the men who came through to speak with Rashid. They were just as stubborn and opinionated as he was which didn't bode well for her young sister-in-law's independent mindset.

Chapter 2

"What's wrong?" Zarah's best friend, Suzanne, asked as she sat down in the chair next to Zarah in the coffee shop they frequented in between classes. "I would think you'd be on cloud nine with excitement now that classes are over and graduation is two days away."

Zarah took a sip of her green chai tea and grimaced, not at the flavor but because she had to face her future and it didn't appear to be very exciting. "I have to get married."

Suzanne's eyebrows went up in surprise. That was the last thing she had been expecting to hear from her friend. "Since I know this can't be a pregnancy crisis because you don't date any of the guys around here, I'm guessing it has to do with your position as your big brother's very protected baby sister. Is this one of those royal things that continue to baffle me and the rest of our group?"

Zarah smiled slightly at her friend's reference to her position in the Tasain royal family but she nodded. Very few people knew who she was, but Suzanne and a few others knew. They were a circle of friends who she cared for a great deal and had confided in over the years. As expected, they'd all been interested to learn more about her and her country, but thankfully they hadn't changed the way they treated her. Her secret had been kept between them the whole time and she was extremely grateful to have friends she could trust so implicitly. "Yes, one of those 'royal things'," she teased with a soft laugh as she lifted her tea for another sip.

Because of her breakfast with her brother, she was much more aware of her surroundings. Zarah wasn't sure she appreciated that though. Whereas before, she went about New York as she pleased, unconcerned with who she might run into or any possible threats. But her brother had reinforced the issues she could be facing by being so unprotected and unconcerned with where she went and who she spoke with. It was a bit intimidating but she was trying to shake it off so she could get back to that carefree living for her last few days of freedom before she became an engaged woman.

"Who is the guy?" Suzanne asked and opened the top of her cappuccino so she could sprinkle some chocolate powder on top of the foam, making the coffee slightly more decadent.

Zarah sighed and glanced down at her tea. "I don't know yet." She sighed heavily and turned her cup around nervously. "At least I get several to choose from and my brother isn't just giving me one option. I met Rashid for breakfast this morning and he told me about some of them, their backgrounds and titles and such. He has set up a series of lunches and dinners with the men who have asked to marry me. It's sort of a blitz dating session spread out over the next several days." Zarah looked down at her tea, warming her hands with the heated beverage more than drinking it since her stomach still didn't feel very good after her breakfast meeting. There was just something disturbing about knowing she'll be married to a stranger in the very near future that diminished her appetite.

Suzanne's eyes widened in surprised. "More than one choice? That's hopeful, right? How many are there?"

Zarah felt grim. Just the thought of talking to all those strangers, knowing that she would be assessing them for a role she didn't want, and they would probably be judging her as well, the whole process was daunting and mortifying. "I think there are ten of them but I'm not positive. I stopped listening after a while because they all sounded so....boring." There were princes of other royal families, one aristocrat from an Italian family and the rest were wealthy businessmen that simply wanted a connection to Rashid. Okay, probably all of them wanted the connection to Rashid and she couldn't blame them, but that didn't mean she had to like it.

"Yikes," Suzanne cringed. "That's a lot of meals to endure with men who might be creepy." She looked at the foam on top of her coffee and grabbed a wooden stir stick, mixing the foam and chocolate into her beverage. "But that seems like a large group of men. At least it isn't two or three, right?"

Zarah shrugged, unconvinced that the size of the potential grooms would help her get through this selection process. "Yes. There's at least a large selection pool." She looked over at her friend, her eyes wide with the possible issues facing her. "But what if I don't like any of them?"

"Then don't marry any of them. Come to Willingham with me and work with me and my family for a little while until you feel up to facing your responsibilities again." Suzanne had a different view of the possibilities.

Zarah looked over at her friend, shaking her head as she immediately dismissed the suggestion. It was completely out of the question. There was no way she could outright defy her brother. Argue with him yes. Disregard an order? No. "I couldn't just leave."

"Why not?"

Suzanne said that as if it were an obvious solution but she had no idea of the chaos that kind of action would cause. "Because my brother would be furious."

"And?" She continued to look at Zarah with wide eyes, still not understanding the culture of Tasain and the way families were all connected through marriage and alliances. It wasn't just her family because her brother was the ruler. It was done all over the country. Business was conducted, agreements finalized and partnerships formed with familial alliances that started with a marriage. It might be antiquated, but it made things work in her country.

Zarah tried to explain this to Suzanne, but she was at a loss herself. In the end, she shook her head. "I just couldn't do it."

Suzanne shrugged and took a sip of her coffee. "Okay then, go ahead and meet these guys, test the waters, but don't reject my offer too quickly. Worst case, you get out into the world and get a little work experience, reassure your brother that you're safe every once in a while, but put your foot down and don't let him push you into a marriage that you'll hate. Stand up for yourself," Suzanne urged. "Think of all the other women in the world who pushed for change in various areas of their culture and risked so much. You could help be the transformation in Tasain and help women all over the country by not marrying a man hand selected by your brother."

Zarah considered her friend's comments but knew she wouldn't do anything so outrageous. Rashid would find her anyway and Zarah didn't want to contemplate her brother's fury when that happened. They sipped their drinks and discussed their graduation which was just around the corner. Eventually, they were joined by their other friends who were also graduating and, for a little while, Zarah was able to ignore her impending nuptials as her friends laughed and joked about their futures and the end of classes.

The laughter was completely gone three days later while Zarah sat in the elegant restaurant, her hands resting under the table as she waited for the first groom candidate to arrive. Rashid had set up lunch meetings over the next two weeks with each of the potential grooms.

The first one was already fifteen minutes late. She was just about to stand up to leave when she heard a commotion at the entrance. And there he stood, surveying the room with a pompous, overbearing attitude. He was short, she thought initially. This man couldn't be taller than she was and as he approached her table she had to smother her laughter at his enormous entourage. There were probably ten people all trying to follow him, each one attempting to look important and efficient.

She stood up as he arrived at her table and she smothered a groan when she realized that she was at least an inch taller than this man even without her heels. With the shoes she'd selected today, she was about three inches taller than he was and the initial greeting was awkward. He had a very thin frame, narrow shoulders and obviously prized his black goatee since he smoothed it down with his thumb and index finger as he stood in front of Zarah, looking her up and down as if she were some sort of prize horse.

"You are very beautiful," the man said as he took her hand and kissed her knuckles. "We will make great babies together and you will give me many sons."

Zarah gasped and pulled her hand away, bowing her head and hoping he thought she was being deferential, while she tried desperately hard to smother her laughter.

"Your Highness," she replied once she had her amusement under control. "You flatter me with your confidence."

Zarah wasn't sure what she ate that day, or any of the next seven meals while the men her brother had lined up for her regaled her with stories of their business prowess, their power, their affluence. One even bragged that he would only have to assassinate eleven of his brothers so that he could inherit his father's throne. She couldn't believe that man was so brazen about the deaths of his brothers, but since he was a short, skinny, irritating man who probably had very little power, she ignored his bragging and ended the lunch meeting as quickly as possible. As she left the restaurant after that one, she sent her brother a message that said only, "Are you kidding me?!"

By Friday afternoon, two weeks after her dinner with Rashid, she knocked on Suzanne's apartment door and flounced onto the couch as soon as her friend answered the knock. "Tell me about Willingham," she said with a fear that she was doing something monumentally stupid, but also a determination to avoid every last one of the men she'd met so far. None were even remotely interesting and several were outright demeaning of her in particular and women in general.

Suzanne's apartment looked exactly like hers; filled with boxes as they both worked to pack up their possessions in anticipation of moving on to the next phase of their lives.

Suzanne's surprise that Zarah was considering tossing it all aside was quickly overcome by her excitement in having her friend come along for an adventure. She plopped down on the worn out sofa next to Zarah and enthusiastically clapped her hands. "Well, it's a very small village outside of Reading so we're just over an hour east of London. We could get an apartment together if you'd like? There are several available that I've looked at but there's a two bedroom overlooking the main streets of the town so it would be right in the center of everything." She looked at her friend cautiously, "But understand that being in the center of the action is dramatically different than what you might be used to. It's a small village inhabited by sleepy residents who like their way of life slow and friendly."

Zarah smiled enthusiastically and nodded in understanding. "It sounds perfect. I can't imagine a better place to hang out for a year while I figure out what to do about Rashid's need to marry me off and get him to reconsider. Maybe if I show him that I'm serious about finding another path for myself, he'll let me choose my own husband in my own time."

Zarah had considered her options carefully, but was still nervous about following this plan of action. Could she really follow through with what she desperately wanted to do? The risks were terrifying, but the possibility of marrying one of the men she'd met so far was equally bad. She still had three more candidates to meet, but she didn't want to waste any more of her time if the previous seven were any indication of her brother's selection criteria. She was dumbfounded that her brother would think any of the candidates so far were even remotely attractive.

Taking a deep breath, she continued on with her planning. "What would I do for a job?"

Suzanne shrugged her shoulders. "You could work in one of the little shops. I know my mother's friend Mary is looking to hire someone at her dress shop. Her last assistant just flew the coup but Mary really is a wonderful person. She's not the most organized though so beware." Suzanne looked at her cautiously. "Some might even label Mary as chaotic so be warned. She's also the only place to get a nice dress or outfit in all of Willingham so she pretty much has the market cornered. Women have to drive at least a half hour to get to the next mall."

If she'd thought about it, Zarah would have laughed at the idea of spending six years in school only to turn around and work as a dress shop assistant. But the alternative wasn't just bad, it was creepy and disgusting. None of the men she'd met so far were worth her time of day, although they'd all arrogantly thought they were prizes that she should be excited to win for herself.

She thought about the possibility for less than a minute before she decided to take the leap. "Let's do it," Zarah announced before she backed out and ran back home to the security of what she was familiar with instead of daring to fly out on her own.

Suzanne looked surprised. "Are you serious? You really want to work in a dress shop and run away from all those delicious, sexy and thrilling men who are vying for your hand in marriage?"

Zarah rolled her eyes. "Those weren't men. They were rodents," she commented. Zarah sprang up from Suzanne's sofa, filled with renewed energy and a strong purpose to take control of her life even if it meant defying her brother as she'd never done before. "Okay. So if I'm going to do this, we need to work quickly. The apartment will have to be in your name, but I'll pay half the rent. I'll pay you for the first year up front so that I don't leave a paper trail." She paced back and forth in her friend's small apartment while Suzanne continued packing. Zarah worked through the details, considering storage of her possessions, moving her clothes across the Atlantic...hiding any trace of her actions that might lead Rashid to finding her before she was ready to return.

What she would do at the end of this little adventure, she wasn't sure, but she was going to have some time for herself anyway. She'd figure out her future once it arrived. And in the meantime, she could avoid all romantic entanglements, get some work experience, show Rashid that she was fully capable of living on her own and maybe he would relent on needing to find a man who could 'protect' her.

The next several days passed quickly as Zarah closed out several lingering issues in New York. She packed up all of her clothes in a cardboard box, shipped them to Suzanne's residence and paid for the postage in cash so it couldn't be traced. She gave all of her furniture and kitchen items to The Salvation Army, including dishes and cookware but shipped her bedding and other things she would need in another cardboard box, amazed that her life would fit into two large boxes. Zarah felt no regret in rescheduling any lunches Rashid set up for her. Within one week of making the decision, she and Suzanne were booked on a flight to London and standing at the gate, ready to board. It would also be the first time she'd flown on a commercial plane and in economy no less! She was thrilled with being treated just like a normal traveler and Suzanne was laughing it up.

"I have a phone call to make," she whispered to Suzanne about five minutes before they were scheduled to board.

Suzanne gave Zarah's hand a squeeze of encouragement. She knew what Zarah was going to do and understood it was going to be a difficult phone conversation.

Zarah took out her cell phone and dialed her brother's private cell phone number, praying he wasn't in a meeting so he could take her call. She could just imagine calling him now and he was in an important meeting. It would be hard to pull her courage back up to make the phone call once again. When he answered, she brightened, but her stomach was in knots.

"Why have you missed so many meetings?" he asked as soon as he answered. No greeting, no questions about her day, just the question in an angry tone of voice that didn't bode well.

Zarah bit her lip and closed her eyes. "I'm not meeting any more men."

"Then you've chosen one already?" he asked, the surprise evident in his voice. And was there a hint of relief?

Zarah closed her eyes and moved to a different location as more people swarmed around the airport terminal, preparing to board their flight. "No. None of them piqued my interest."

There was a slight pause as her brother absorbed her reply. She imagined seeing his face, the look in his eyes confused at first, then turning hard and impatient when the answer didn't immediately come to him. "Perhaps you should explain yourself, Zarah," he said sternly.

She took a deep breath, then dove into her plan. "I'm not marrying any of them Rashid. I'm going to be fine and I don't want you to worry, but I'm taking a year off to work. I want a bit of professional experience so I'm going to go out into the world and live on my own for a while. I'm sorry and please don't worry about me."

"Zarah..." Rashid started off, but she interrupted him once again.

"No, Rashid. I'm not going to follow the expected path. I don't want to get married yet. I want to live my life on my own terms. That's not unheard of and people do it all the time. I know you'll try and find me, but please don't. I'm going to be perfectly safe. I'll check in with you weekly so you know that I'm okay. I've also formed a backup plan, just in case something does happen to me. A friend of mine has your contact information in case anything goes wrong or if I don't check in with her daily. She'll contact you immediately and give you location information if I find myself in any trouble. Goodbye."

"Don't you dare hang up," she heard her brother say but she didn't hear the next sentence, she simply pressed the end button, then turned off her phone and took out the battery so he couldn't track her with the GPS located in the phone.

Boarding for her flight was announced and she took a deep breath, linked her arms with Suzanne and walked onto the flight which would take her into a new life. She wasn't sure how long she'd be allowed to live this life, but she was going to learn as much from it as possible.

"What did your brother say when you gave him the news?" Suzanne asked as the plane took off.

Zarah cringed at the memory of her conversation with Rashid. "He's probably pretty furious right now. But I didn't give him a chance to talk. I was too afraid he'd say something that would scare me and I'd come running home with my tail between my legs so I hung up on him. People just don't do that to Rashid so no matter what, even if I came home right now, he'd still be livid. Hopefully he'll be calmer next week when I touch base with him, but probably not."

Suzanne nodded knowingly. "That's probably the best move, but I agree that he will be furious when you call him next weekend to reassure him."

"Hopefully I'll be fully engaged in my new life and he won't have as much influence on me. Right now, I'm pretty terrified of what's to come."

Suzanne shook her head and squeezed her friend's arm. "Don't think of it like that. I'll be with you the whole time. What you need to focus on is finding the kind of guy you want to marry, or more specifically, the fun you'll have working with Mary." She settled back in her seat and pushed her chair back so it was more comfortable, showing Zarah how to do it since she'd only been on private jets with more luxury. "So tell me about the guy you picture in your mind when you think of the kind of man you want to marry."

Zarah's mind instantly pictured the man from her dreams. Or nightmare? She wasn't sure what it was, but she'd been having that dream almost every night for the past few weeks. The dream always ended the same way, with the wave starting to crash down over the top of her, but just as she was about to panic, the faceless stranger's strong arm reached down and she was able to grab his hand, holding onto him for safety. It was such a strange dream and it scared her that it was so consistent. The ship and the storm were always the same. The man came out of the same door each time and as soon as she saw him, she knew that she was going to be okay.

It frustrated her that she was waiting for the man to save her in her dreams. Did that mean she wasn't capable of saving herself? Wasn't that what this whole adventure was about? She wanted to prove that she could make it in the world without a man's protection but subconsciously, was she telling herself that she needed a man in her life to protect her?

Ridiculous, she told herself firmly. That was just what she was used to. Her father or Rashid had protected her all her life so she was simply afraid of what was to come. Her mind was merely telling her that she needed to break free from those protections and find her own way in the storm. Which was exactly what she was doing now as the plane traveled over the Atlantic, taking her to a strange and very different life.

"Strong," she finally said in response to Suzanne's question, because there was no getting around the fact that she probably wouldn't be attracted to a man who wasn't physically fit. "And intelligent. Probably ambitious as well. I can't abide a stupid or lazy man."

"Well, those three go without saying," Suzanne scoffed. "There's a guy in the village who is a super hunk. He's the only aristocrat I've ever known and he's very sophisticated, if you like that kind of thing in a man."

Zarah turned to face her friend with a curious expression. "Why do you say it like that?" she asked.

"Like what?" Suzanne asked as she pulled her magazine out of her extra large purse.

"I don't know....Like aristocrats are a different type of human being. Or are you saying you'd never date him for some reason?"

Suzanne snorted and shook her head. "I'm not in that league," she rolled her eyes as if to say she wouldn't even try for this mystery man. "Besides, he has so many women coming through his bedroom and I'd rather not share."

"Oh, he's one of those men, huh?"

"Yep," Suzanne confirmed. "Definitely a 'player'." She looked up from her magazine, staring off into space for a moment. "There's some secret about him though. I've never been able to find out what it was."

"Why do you think there's a dark secret?"

Suzanne thought about that for a moment, not exactly sure how to respond. It was just a gut feeling she'd had for several years. "Because the older villagers protect him, treat him like he's....I don't know really. I can't explain it exactly, but you'll understand once you meet him and see the older people in action around him."

"He sounds like a spoiled brat." Zarah had seen too many aristocrats who thought they were still feudal lords who could treat people like dirt.

Suzanne instantly shook her head. "It isn't anything like that," she countered. "In fact, just the opposite. The villagers protect him in some sort of odd way, but he also looks out for them. I've heard it rumored that he owns most of the town but none of the shop owners pay rent. Or if they do, the rent is so ridiculously low that it doesn't make any sense."

"Because this guy owns everything he gives them a break on their rent?" She laughed and looked at Suzanne with knowing eyes. "He's making up the difference somewhere else. I would put money on that!"

Suzanne considered that for a moment. "I don't think so. Wait until you meet him. You'll understand. Once you see them all in action, you'll have to agree that there's a deep, dark secret."

"Skeletons in the closet, type of secret?"

Suzanne thought about that, then shrugged her shoulders. "Anything is possible."

Zarah laughed. "He sounds like a strange sort of man. I'll steer clear," she said as she pulled out her book and flipped to the page she'd left off previously.

Suzanne looked at her beautiful friend and started to worry. There was no doubt that the man in question was a mystery. But he was also gorgeous, wealthy, charming and made women stop and stare when he walked down the street. Even the older ladies tittered with interest when he showed them even the smallest bit of attention. Since he always flirted with the blue and grey haired set, there was a great deal of giggling and blushing happening whenever he showed up.

Zarah was beautiful in an exotic, enticing way. Would 'The Duke', as everyone in the village referred to him normally, try to entice Zarah into his bed as well?

She thought of the man she'd met a few times and then shook her head. The Duke never flirted seriously with any of the younger women from the village. He seemed to have very strict rules about dating someone he might run into when he came to his country home for a visit. He would flirt outrageously with anyone over fifty while the younger women were treated with painful politeness, but he never flirted with any of them. No, Derrick Huntington, Duke of Waren was always the ultimate gentleman with women their age. Zarah was safe from his charms.

Chapter 3

Zarah almost danced down the street to the dress shop. She'd been living here in Willingham for six months now. It had been a wonderful six months too. Mary was a fun-loving boss with a wicked sense of humor and a gentle heart who loved to meddle in people's personal business, but always with the best intentions and never maliciously.

She was also so disorganized she could barely figure out what should be in her current inventory. Zarah had created a new inventory system, straightened out the financials so that Mary understood her profit margins better. She'd also brought in different designers but nothing too upscale because this was a sleepy little town, so the new designs were conservative, interesting and not too edgy which created a buzz around the town. The result was a one hundred and fifty percent increase in sales over the past six months for Mary.

Adding to Zarah's happiness was that other businesses around the village were asking her to consult for them. They all wanted her to work her business magic for their shops as well. Zarah was more than excited to take on clients and she worked around Mary's schedule so that she could go over the business details with the other shop owners, coming up with creative ways to increase both their revenue and profit margins. She'd already suggested several changes to the florist and the copy shop down the street and the coffee shop owner and restaurant owner were both waiting for her to help them.

Zarah loved her new life. She and Suzanne had a small, two bedroom apartment where her friend cooked their meals and Zarah cleaned up afterwards. She even enjoyed cleaning! It was very satisfying to restore order from the chaos of Suzanne's excellent cooking. She'd never tell her brother that she liked cleaning. She could just imagine the look of horror on his face if she mentioned that part of her life to him. Rashid was an excellent ruler, but had very specific ideas about what was appropriate for his sisters.

This morning, she opened the shop for the morning, pulled up the shade for the window and ensured that the cash register was set and ready to go. As the morning hours passed by slowly and quietly, she built a new spreadsheet that would better calculate the return on investment for some additional advertising she was going to recommend to Mary. She was concentrating on the strategy when she heard the bells over the door ring and in walked a beautiful blond with a cloud of heavy perfume.

"Good morning," Zarah greeted the new client, holding her breath as the woman came closer because the scent was so strong and cloying.

The blond walked in a bit more, examining the dresses on display and then pulling her hand away with disgust, as if she'd gotten some dust on her perfectly manicured hand from the fabric. "Its afternoon," the woman stated with disdain, walking through the clothes and obviously finding the quality lacking. "Do you have anything more interesting?" she asked, a slight accent to her words that Zarah couldn't exactly place.

Mary walked in the door behind the woman and stopped in her tracks, realized what was happening and rolled her eyes as she hung her sweater up on a hook behind the door. Zarah noticed Mary's grimace and maintained a straight face, but it wasn't easy. "Can you tell me a little bit about what you're looking for? Is there a special event that's coming in the future and you'd like a distinctive dress to wear? Or do you want to change your look?" Zarah asked, wondering if the woman would take the subtle hint and just leave. Zarah didn't like snobs and this woman was a top of the line, pretentious snob who could hurt Mary's feelings with the way she looked at the clothes her boss had carefully selected for her usual clientele.

The blond shook her head and waved that away, oblivious to Zarah's comment about changing her look and continued through the racks of clothes. "No. Nothing like that. I just like shopping. I suppose I need to purchase something from each of these tedious village shops today. I suppose some accessories wouldn't be too poor quality."

Zarah ignored the woman's insult and focused on making a sale despite the woman's irritating attitude. She stepped back and surveyed the woman's figure. She was painfully thin with small breasts and a gaunt expression that had a great deal of makeup which seemed to be hiding poor skin.

Zarah really didn't think there was anything in the store that would suit the woman but she thought hard. Most of their styles were more suited to a rounder figure since that was their client base. The women in the village weren't interested in keeping up with the fashions from Paris or Milan and they definitely wouldn't starve themselves to fit into those looks. The dresses Zarah had convinced Mary to keep in stock were more down to earth, things that would appeal to the village women but with a small bit of an edge to spark curiosity and draw people in.

Zarah picked up a red wrap dress that generally flattered all figures, although it might make this blond woman appear a bit emaciated. "How about something like this?" she suggested and draped the fabric over her arm. "The deep V would show off your fabulous curves while the silk fabric clings alluringly to the body, making a man just want to pounce."

The woman fingered the fabric and shook her head with an obvious sneer to her upper lip. "No. You're wrong. This wouldn't suit my figure at all. What else do you have?"

The bells over the door rang once again and Zarah turned to smile at the newcomer, grateful to have someone else to focus on besides this blond scarecrow. But her smile froze on her face as her eyes took in the tall, broad shouldered man stepping through the door. His dark eyes quickly took in the interior of the shop and settled on Zarah, making her heart race and her body tingle with awareness. His dark hair and dark eyes would have looked sinister, but the amusement in his eyes softened the devilish darkness.

He was very tall, almost needing to duck low to enter through the door. Goodness, could he actually be taller than her brother?

Zarah felt trapped, like a rabbit attempting to duck back down into its hole, sensing a predatory threat but unable to move because of some unknown force. She tried desperately hard to break the eye contact, but he wouldn't allow it, forcing her to continue to stare and Zarah felt like a prisoner, captured and enslaved.

"Darling!" the woman exclaimed. "What are you doing in here? This is a woman's domain!" she teased and floated over to the tall man, draping herself against his left side. It was the first smile she'd shown since entering the store and Zarah wasn't fooled by the Cheshire-like look she passed back in Zarah's direction. The blond woman was staking her claim, showing Zarah that this tall, fascinating man was her property. The look she tossed over her shoulder screamed "Back Off!" loudly and clearly.

The man looked down and Zarah took a deep breath now that she'd been freed. She turned away, eager to avoid that kind of intensity once again. She didn't like feeling that powerless and put extra space between him and herself. Even going so far as to step behind the counter so that she had a barrier to help her. She didn't care at all that she might appear weak. She needed a moment to get her racing heartbeat back to normal and clear her mind after that look.

Derrick glanced down at Elise, irritated by her falsetto voice and possessive attitude, not to mention her pretense about coming in to meet her. He knew she was playing games and wasn't going to participate. "You told me to meet you in here," he said by way of an explanation as to why he'd come into the shop.

The woman laughed and looked over her shoulder. "Silly me! I wasn't sure how long I would be in here and forgot what I'd said." She pulled herself away slightly and turned back to Zarah. "Would you be a dear and wrap up that red dress? I think you're absolutely right. The dress would be perfect!"

Zarah raised her eyebrows slightly, wondering what was going on. She heard Mary come out of the store room and gasp.

"Good morning, Your Grace," she said warmly and moved forward. "What brings you down to our sleepy little town today?" She was bustling about the store, moving this and that to better show the merchandise.

Derrick smiled warmly at the motherly woman who was full of life and always had a kind word for everyone. He walked over and gave her a warm hug, kissing her hand and winking at her. "Elise wanted to shop so I took her out for a bit while I visited with Gerald."

Zarah didn't understand that comment. The man had business with Gerald? He was the coffee shop owner about five doors down. Why would this man need to talk with a coffee shop owner?

She was wrapping up the dress and a wicked thought occurred to her. 'Elise' was obviously trying to impress this man with her common-folk appeal. Maybe Zarah could convince her to purchase a few other items. She smiled evilly at the possibility.

Turning to the blond with what she hoped was an innocent expression, she said, "You know, there are a few other items that might appeal to someone of your stature." Zarah turned to a blue dress, playing to the woman's vanity as well as her desire to show the male stranger that she was more than willing to support local shops. "But I'm not sure if they would be up to the design standards you're obviously used to."

Elise looked on uncertainly, obviously not sure how to avoid this trap. Her eyes narrowed as she turned away from the tall man. "Please, I'm eager to see anything your little store might have available. I love finding new, interesting places to shop and tell my friends about."

Zarah picked up three other dresses, each one honestly might look good on the woman but Zarah suspected that, since they didn't have a designer label, they would be considered inferior and unworthy. "How about this one?" she suggested, showing Elise one dress after another that were cute, but probably not the sophisticated style Elise normally purchased. Elise bought every one of them, still trying to show her man how she could support the local economy and blend in with the villagers.

Zarah didn't mind playing to Elise's idiocy. She was going to make the sale even if the woman brought the dresses back the next day. It was only a little difficult to concentrate with that man watching her the whole time. Mary and the man chatted off in the corner, but the whole time Zarah spoke with Elise, she could feel the man's eyes on her back, watching her intently.

By the time the couple had left, he was no longer hiding his amusement. Zarah had packed up all the dresses carefully, complimenting Elise the whole time and chatting her up to find out more about what the woman did and why she was here. There were ten dresses along with all the accessories packed up and ready for Elise by the time she finally left the store.

As soon as they were out of ear shot, Mary turned to Zarah with a look that told her the store owner knew exactly what had just transpired. "You have an evil streak in you that I'd never witnessed before," she said. Both of them then burst out laughing at how silly Elise had been in her effort to impress the man with her little spending spree. Anyone who had witnessed the past half hour would have noticed Elise's exasperation every time Derrick turned away.

"Who was he?" Zarah asked.

Mary stopped laughing and stared at Zarah. "Are you serious?"

She shook her head as she folded several of the sweaters on the table by the front door. "No. I've never seen him before."

Mary moved to Zarah's right hand side and helped her fold as well, neatening up the stacks for about the fiftieth time. "His name is Derrick Huntington. He's the Duke of Waren. His family used to own all of this land. He still owns most of it, but he's not at all like those others in the aristocracy. He's a very nice gentleman." She looked at Zarah out of the corner of her eye. "And he was looking at you like you were going to be his next meal!"

Zarah scoffed at that, realizing that the illustrious Duke of Waren was the man Suzanne had told her about on the plane so many months ago. "Don't be ridiculous! He wasn't doing anything of the sort. He was watching Elise make a fool of herself and I was just next to her leading her down that idiotic path."

Mary was already shaking her head. "Oh, yes he was! And let me tell you, the exquisite Elise is not going to get that coveted engagement ring if those heated looks he was passing your way are any indication. She was definitely working the angle of the benevolent lady of the manor but you, my dear, are in his sights!"

Zarah waved that aside. She didn't want to have anything to do with the Duke of Huntington. He had a look about him that made her uncomfortable and she had vowed that she wouldn't spend her limited days of freedom being unnerved.

The following Saturday, she borrowed Suzanne's car and did her usual jaunt out of the village. Each weekend, she drove twenty to thirty miles in one direction or another. She knew that eventually, Rashid would triangulate her position, but she didn't want him to find her too quickly. She made sure to not go north or south very often and headed into London as often as possible, stopping at different areas before turning on her cell phone and calling her brother. She knew he was tracing her call but was careful to only check in with him and not have a long conversation. These calls were just to reassure him that she was okay and safe.

The whole drive into the city, she forced her mind to stop thinking about the Duke of Huntington. She'd even dreamt about that obnoxious man for some reason. She should have been grateful it wasn't that horrible nightmare, but when she'd woken up tingling and out of breath, feeling frustrated and out of sorts, she decided that the nightmare was probably a better choice. At least for her peace of mind.

This time, she drove into Hounslow, a city outside of London, before she made her call.

His tone immediately told her that he was out of patience with her absence. "Zarah! This is getting old. Just tell me where you are so I can send someone to protect you," he said after picking up on the first ring.

Zarah ignored his command to tell her where she was. He gave her the same order in various ways each weekend and she'd learned to expect it, to brace herself for the authority in his voice and ignore the tone so she could move on to reassuring him that she was safe enough. "How are you doing Rashid?" she asked, pretending he hadn't given the expected order.

"I'm furious that you're playing this ridiculous game! Now get home and we'll talk about this! You've made your point."

Zarah knew that there wouldn't be any talking. At least not on her side. As soon as she landed in Tasain, Rashid would simply lay down the law and order her to marry whatever man he'd selected. Her opinion would no longer be taken into consideration.

She was having too much fun as a working woman to follow that path. "I think I'll hang out a little while longer," she replied, keeping an eye on her watch. She knew that it takes approximately two minutes to triangulate a phone call and she needed to be out of the area before Rashid's security forces could track her down. Even if she waited too long, she knew he still had to get his guards to her location, but she didn't want to give him that much information.

His next words proved that he was tracking her calls, trying to pin down her location. "Why do you like London so much? Is there something there that is more important that your responsibilities here at home?"

She was angry at this. "Are you referring to my responsibilities to procreate the next generation of leaders? Or my responsibility to represent my husband at stupid functions that I don't want to attend simply because I'm his ridiculous arm candy?" She took a deep breath to calm down and glanced at her watch. "No Rashid. I'm not coming home. Not yet, anyway."

His response was swift and furious. "You're disobeying me, Zarah! And that's not acceptable."

She'd never spoken to him in this manner and she should have expected his vehement response, but it was still a surprise. She gripped the cell phone tightly, closing her eyes to keep herself calm and not lose her temper. "You're not listening to me, Rashid. And I find that unacceptable." She and Rashid had rarely fought growing up because anytime she would lose her temper, he would only be amused. He'd been so much older than she was and she'd worshiped him. So this argument now wasn't in character and she knew Rashid was struggling to figure out how to handle his baby sister.

There was a long pause and Rashid finally said, "You know Sidra gave birth to a baby girl last month. Do you think you'll ever come home and see Tiala? She's beautiful."

Zarah closed her eyes and fought the tears. When she could speak once again, she said, "Please send Sidra my love and I can't wait to meet your baby girl."

"Any idea when that might be?" he asked, the air waves vibrating with his unspoken anger.

Zara shook her head. "I don't know."

Another long pause and then she heard his heavy sigh of frustration. "Will you call again next week?"

Zarah nodded, biting her lower lip to keep herself from crying. "I've called every week just so you know I'm safe. Next week won't be any different."

"And are you safe?"

"Of course. I told you that I'm fine."

"Okay. Until next week then," he said, knowing she was going to click off soon. Their two minutes were almost over.

"Thank you. Give my love to Isla and everyone else, okay?"

"You come home and do that yourself," he ordered.

"Goodbye, Rashid," she said and clicked off. There were still several seconds they could have talked, but what was the point? He'd still admonish her for going her own way and she was firm in her refusal to bow to his wishes. Each conversation was a standoff and she wished he could just be happy for her and know that she was fine.

She wandered down the picturesque pathway, not really paying much attention to the summer birds or the sunshine filtering through the leaves overhead. A squirrel darted in front of her and ran up a tree, but all she could see was her brother's furious face and how disappointed he was with her current actions.

Derrick watched the woman he'd been researching ever since his former girlfriend had walked out of Mary's shop with so many dresses. He'd already been fascinated with her dark, mysterious beauty but watching her work Elise's snobbishness not to mention her pointless and transparent attempts to prove to him that she would fit in easily with his world, Derrick couldn't help but be impressed. This woman had played Elise perfectly and been unrepentant.

She was wearing a straight, black skirt and matched it with a simple, red cotton shirt. On any other woman, the outfit would look either plain or dowdy. On Zarah, the outfit took on a peasant look that complimented her lush figure, giving him an excellent view of her enticing bottom as well as those lush, full breasts pushing against the red fabric.

He listened to her conversation, uncaring that he was eavesdropping on a private phone call. The more he saw this woman, the more he wanted to know about her. She fascinated him in ways that no other woman had ever done.

"Running away from something?" a deep voice called out softly.

Zarah glanced up, startled, and looked around. The Duke of Huntington was leaning against an old tree, obviously having overheard her conversation. She was rattled, not so much by his question, but by the instant reaction her body had with his presence. That deep, rough voice added to the frisson...and those eyes! She felt like he knew everything about her and that knowledge was all shining through those intelligent, green eyes.

He looked magnificent in his dark, dress slacks and tailored white shirt. She could see the muscles in his arms because he'd rolled the cuffs up to compensate for the heat of the summer morning that was already hot and humid. His green silk tie was still perfectly knotted around his neck though and she wondered what it would be like to loosen that tie and unbutton his shirt, her fingers itching to discover what lay underneath.

Zarah quickly looked down and made sure that her cell phone was shut off and the battery out before turning back to the man. "That was a private conversation." Why was she feeling so defensive and belligerent all of a sudden? It must be because of the dream she'd had last night. He'd featured so prominently and she'd felt things in that dream that just didn't seem right! It was almost embarrassing what they'd done in her dream.

He pushed away from the tree upon which he'd been leaning. "And obviously a contentious one. Are you okay?"

Zarah sighed and shook her head, straightening her shoulders to help her feel more confident. "Why is it that men seem to think that women can't take care of themselves?" she asked angrily, not sure why she was reacting so poorly when the man was only showing a kindness. Maybe it was the arrogant way he was standing or the intent look in his eyes that seemed to strike her as obnoxious, but there was just something about this man that irritated her. Or maybe it was just the fact that he'd obviously overheard her conversation and hadn't been gentlemanly enough to give her some privacy.

He shrugged and winked at her. "Maybe it's the caveman instinct within the male species. Or perhaps we just want ownership over all that we see. Was that your boyfriend you were fighting with?"

She stiffened, worried about what she might have said that could reveal her identity. She didn't know this man and couldn't be sure that he would keep her secret if he ever found out who she was. Men tended to stick together so she could easily see this man finding out that she was the missing Tasain Princess and call Rashid, just for brownie points. "Can I do something for you?" she asked, ignoring his comment about her conversation with Rashid, wanting to change the subject quickly.

He moved out from the more shadowed area produced by the overhanging tree branches and came to stand closer to her, towering over her and looking down at her with those enigmatic eyes. "I want you to come work for me," he said, completely surprising Zarah.

She stood there for a long moment, letting his words sink into her mind. She said them over and over again, trying to process what he meant but they still didn't make any sense. "Excuse me?" she asked as politely as possible, but between her conversation with her brother and the way this man made her feel, she wasn't sure if the words came out very nicely.

He watched those beautiful brown eyes cloud up with confusion and suspicion. She was different, he realized. Most of the women he ran into were doing anything they could to gain his attention but this slender beauty was going out of her way to avoid him. Not only was he more than interested, but he was definitely ready for a challenge. He wanted her. And he'd just figured out a way to move her into his sphere so that he could spend more time with her. He'd just figured out her secret and he wasn't above manipulating her desires to get what he wanted.

He'd been keeping tabs on her subtly with the villagers. He hadn't spent much time there since her arrival, but he was suspicious of anyone who arrived that might harm those good people. He hadn't been able to get much information on her background, but he'd asked the people she worked with and had found that she was creative, smart and intelligent, not to mention she was eager to help them out. After looking into her suggestions, he was grateful to her for how she was helping the various business owners.

But her eagerness to help and her well-thought out suggestions gave him deep insight into her business mind. She wanted a business challenge. He could see it in her eyes and understood that desperate need to prove something. He'd created massive success in business by figuring out what people wanted and giving it to them. He was a master at channeling their desires so that they meshed with his own plans for his various companies, tying everything together so that everyone came out a winner. This woman wanted to prove something to the person she'd been arguing with.

That was fine with him. He wanted her, he'd give her a business challenge that would give her the proof she needed and he would have her in his bed. A win-win situation for everyone involved, he suspected.

"You heard me. I've been looking into your work. You've increased the revenues for several of the business owners in the village. I want you to expand your efforts."

Zarah wasn't sure how he knew so much about her work, but it was disconcerting. She preferred flying under the radar, not attracting attention. Especially the attention of powerful, dangerous men like The Duke of Waren. "I don't think..."

"Can't handle the pressure?" he challenged before she could hear him out, trying to subvert her objections before they could form in her mind.

Zarah wasn't sure how to handle him at all. She wanted to run away and hide from him, but that knowing look in his eyes held her feet where she stood. This man was daring her to accept his challenge. "What sort of work are you talking about?" she asked suspiciously, a part of her urging her to run away as fast as possible. Unfortunately, there was another part of her that was too fascinated by him. There was something about him that pulled her closer, making her remember that embarrassing dream.

"Nothing illegal," he laughed, amused by the suspicion on those chocolate eyes. Anyone who knew him understood that he would never be like his father. Everything he did, all that he accomplished, was by sheer grit and determination. His father had earned millions by ignoring the law. Derrick had been disgusted at his tactics and had succeeded exponentially beyond his father's meager earnings and he'd done it all legally and ethically. He was sometimes brutal in his tactics, but that was business and he didn't pass up an opportunity when he discovered someone else's weakness.

She didn't join in his amusement. "That still leaves a great deal of unscrupulous work."

He knew he couldn't simply tell her that he operated within the law and with a strict work ethic. He'd have to prove it, allay her suspicions by letting her see for herself how he worked. And he wouldn't mind at all working closely with this lovely woman. Very closely. "Let me buy you lunch and we'll talk about it."

Zarah continued to watch him warily. "Why would I want to work for you?"

"Because you're interested in the challenge I can give you," he said, coming closer. "And because you want to prove to whoever was on the other end of that phone that you're not some silly little female who needs protecting. You didn't answer my question. Ex-husband? Boyfriend? Father?"

Zarah's whole body stiffened. How could this man know so many things about her in such a short conversation? "I don't think..." she started to say, but he interrupted her.

"Don't you even want to know what the job is before you turn it down?" he asked, one eyebrow raised but the rest of his features were flat and expressionless. "Or was I wrong and you're not strong enough to work for me? I only hire the best, most competent personnel for my organizations. Do you not fit into that category?" He almost laughed at the change in her expression after tossing out that challenge.

Zarah considered him for a long moment, narrowing her eyes as she watched him carefully. She might be afraid of him, but there was also something about him that was stimulating. There was something in the way he looked down at her that made her want to show him that she wasn't afraid of him.

Or maybe she just wanted to prove to herself that she wasn't afraid of him?

That possibility had her chin jutting out and she looked up at him with grim determination. "Okay. What's the position? And just so you know," she said before he started to give her any details, "I'm perfectly happy exactly where I am. Mary is a wonderful person to work for."

He smiled slightly and shook his head, rejecting her claim. "No you're not. You're content. There's a difference between happy and content."

Her shoulders felt like they were going to snap from the tension this irritating man generated within her. "And you know me so well because...?" she prompted, raising one eyebrow inquiringly, hoping to put him in his place for being so contradictory.

His strong, sexy mouth curved upwards into a half smile. "Let's just say I believe we might have similar priorities."

She considered that for a moment, then nodded. She couldn't deny that she was interested. She could at least hear him out. Listening didn't imply any kind of acceptance or commitment.

"Okay. Let's talk." It was better now that he'd told her that he was of a like mind. What he could possibly think would be a challenge for her, she had no idea. Rumors about this man's business acumen flew through the village like a constant sand storm, one amazing story topping the other and the residents loved to boast about his financial successes as if they were their own. So maybe he had something in mind that would push her business skills a bit beyond what she was currently doing for the shop owners.

She'd never acknowledge that she wasn't happy though. He had no idea how happy she was to not be preparing for a wedding to a stranger.

"Lunch. I'm starving," he said and took her arm. He turned her around, then put his hand at the small of her back, burning a hole in her cotton shirt and making her want to run several steps ahead of him so he would have to remove his hand. But she instinctively knew she couldn't outrun this man; neither literally nor figuratively. She walked beside him, pretending that his touch didn't bother her, that it wasn't making her stomach do flips or her heart race as if she'd just run a marathon.

He led her to a small cafe that looked out over the pretty lake area with colorful umbrellas that provided shade from the bright sunshine. A waitress arrived immediately and took their drink orders and Zarah only blushed a little when she ordered lemonade instead of something stronger. He ordered an ale of some brand she didn't recognize.

Trying to get back to business and keep him away from asking any more personal questions, she turned to face him as soon as the waitress had left to get their drinks. "So what's this job you think I could do for you?" she prompted.

He sat back, his sunglasses now covering his eyes so any insight she might have had by that pathway was now gone, hidden behind the dark lenses.

He considered asking her about the phone call again, curious to find out everything he could about her. Instinctively, he knew that she would shut down if he asked her anything personal. She was too tense at the moment, too defensive. He'd have to get her to trust him before he could gain any additional insight into the Zarah he wanted to know intimately.

Sticking to business and his plan to keep her close to him, he outlined his idea. "Right now, you're working for Mary in the dress shop but I also know that you're helping with Gerald and Eloise and several others have approached you for advice as well."

How did he know this? She had spoken with a few of the shop owners, thinking that they were private conversations. Obviously, the other shop owners were spreading the news about Mary's successes. "So?"

He couldn't stop his amusement at her belligerent tone. She really was a prickly little thing. "So....I want you to take over the whole village."

Zarah stared at him, stunned by his comment. Furthermore, it really irritated her that he'd stumped her by that bizarre statement. Was he always this outrageous?

"Excuse me? I'm not sure I really understand."

He almost laughed out loud as he watched her bristle with irritation and confusion. "I want you to do for the village the same thing you did for Mary, but on a larger scale. I want a village training seminar for inventory control, business efficiencies, organizational tricks. And in two months, I want everyone to participate in a festival that will bring in tourists from other areas, increase the sales and town recognition. Every shop owner should be encouraged to participate, offering some sort of selection from their inventories but you'll need to arrange a marketing plan that will draw people into the village for the festival. The marketing has to be significant enough to lure people to the shops and markets, but not so big that the town can't handle the crowds." He carefully watched her face, trying to gauge if he was putting too much responsibility on her slim shoulders or if she was up for the challenge.

Zarah considered the idea in her mind, tossing and turning the possibilities. A festival was a fantastic idea. It would showcase the various shop owners, bring in tourists for the day and give the town some much needed advertising. She liked where he was going with this idea and wished she'd come up with the inspiration herself.

If she could pull it off, the interest would draw visitors into the village from the neighboring communities, increasing the business flow and raising the revenues for everyone involved. She quickly started coming up with marketing options, merchandising possibilities and investment ideas. "Who will pay for the event?" she asked cautiously, trying to hide her enthusiasm.

The waitress came back and placed their drinks on the table and Zarah was frustrated with her interruption. She ordered a salad quickly, hoping to get rid of her so she could ask more questions. She actually wiggled impatiently in her chair while Derrick asked the waitress about the various sandwiches available, then finally made a decision which sent the woman away again.

While he discussed the menu with the waitress, out of the corner of his eye Derrick watched Zarah's excitement create a soft color that crept into her soft cheeks. She really was a beautiful woman, even more so when she was energized. He was amused that she was trying to hide her eagerness from him, but impressed that she hadn't run screaming from their table.

He ordered a Rueben sandwich and smiled to the waitress before turning back to Zarah to answer her question. "I will pay for everything." He leaned back and waited for her next question. He'd thought this through carefully but he still needed to lure her into the plan and make sure she was capable, and that she wasn't taking on more than she should. As he watched her eyes light up though, he was reassured that she was both eager and competent. Especially with the questions she started asking.

Zarah was surprised at his generosity. He was going to pay for the entire event? Why? That was a shocking statement. She'd been expecting him to say that the village had a fund for such projects or that the shop owners should contribute a certain amount. But for this man to pay for the entire event, it was unheard of.

"Why would you do that? You're talking about a large outlay of money for an event that you won't have any benefit from. It doesn't make sense."

He waved that aside. "My reasons are my own but rest assured, I don't do anything that doesn't benefit me in some way. Are you in?"

She watched him, trying to figure out his motivation. It was so out of character with what she had experienced from other aristocrats and powerful people that she knew there had to be a hidden agenda. But as she watched his face, sunglasses hiding his eyes, she suspected that she wouldn't ever really understand this man and why he was proposing something so outrageous. "Why me?" she finally asked, trying to determine why he'd approached her for this proposition instead of one of the more entrenched villagers, someone who knew more of the contacts and might do things in a different manner than a stranger who didn't have many contacts outside of their small community.

"Because you've been here six months and already everyone has embraced you. You are capable and intelligent, and I believe you have the skills to accomplish the task with huge success." He paused to let his words sink in.

His comments caused a warm glow to burst in her heart. It was a small validation that she was making a difference in someone's life and that her choice to come here instead of heading back home to a stranger groom was a good one. "There are many people who are helping the villagers."

He acknowledged her comment with a slight bow of his head. "Yes, but none that have the same level of skill and creativity married to a strong intellect like you have."

Zarah blushed from the compliment and looked away. She wasn't certain what she would be getting into, but the possibility was too enticing to turn down. "Okay. I'm in, but can we shift the date?"

A warm sense of satisfaction formed in his stomach. He'd done it, captured this beauty's interest and created a way for her to stop avoiding him. He didn't consider himself successful with her yet, but soon.

"No. It has to happen in two months' time. Any earlier and the heat of the summer hasn't abated. Any later and the kids will be starting back to school for the fall term and the shop keepers won't have the time to dedicate to a festival of this size, nor will the outsiders have the time to visit. It should be three days long, starting on a Friday evening and running through Sunday, late afternoon. You'll need to report to me on the progress each week and give me a status on any issues and progress the following week will bring. I want to know details on both the business classes as well as the festival. Give me total counts on how many of the shop keepers are attending the classes, talk to the ones that aren't attending and let me know why they're skipping them. Get feedback on the classes and make sure they're up to speed with the villager's skill level."

Their meals arrived at that point and Zarah contemplated her salad while her head churned with questions. Could she really do this? And what about the weekly meetings with this man? She didn't like him and, because she didn't understand him, she didn't trust him. Not one little bit, but she also knew how important a festival like this could be to both the villagers and the surrounding communities. The boost to the economy could be enormous. "I still don't understand why you want me to do this," she finally said, picking at her lettuce absently, not really hungry as issues and challenges popped into her mind.

Derrick looked across the table at the beautiful young woman. He could tell she was enticed by the option but that she was afraid of him as well as afraid of failure. In this case though, he wouldn't allow her to fail. He'd been buying up businesses and either selling them off or fixing them ever since his father had passed away fifteen years ago. He knew just by looking at a financial statement when a company was doomed or if it could survive, as well as how to fix it. He had a gift for sizing up people and knowing what made them tick which is how he'd gotten so far in business. But this woman intrigued him on a different level.

He definitely could have chosen someone else for the task of building up the village economy and branding the village as a go-to place for quaint shops and tourists, but he suspected this woman would do an exceptional job because of some hidden agenda that he was still trying to discover, and because he would put all of his resources into ensuring the village's success. The people in that town deserved that and so much more.

Unfortunately, they didn't even realize that they were in a downward trend and he couldn't seem to convince any of them to change their business models to stop that trend. He'd seen it coming for the past few years but none of them would allow him to help, eschewing his offers to improve their profits or even hiring a town manager. All they saw when he spoke to them was a badly beaten little boy hiding from a tyrannical father and not the competent business man he'd grown into.

But Derrick wouldn't allow them to avoid the problems any longer. They needed to take control of their future and this slender beauty was the only person so far who had been able to break them out of their ruts.

Instead of giving her the village history, he said simply, "You got Mary to come out of the technological Ice Age. Anyone who can do that is definitely ready to tackle this project." He picked up his sandwich, "Now eat and tell me the things that are initially going through your mind."

Zarah took a small bite of her salad, but in truth, she was too excited to eat anything. The ideas were zipping through her mind and she was eager to get back to her apartment and start writing down her thoughts.

As they ate, she tossed out thoughts and he discussed possible obstacles and she was impressed with how he worked her ideas into a more concrete opportunity. She had to give him credit. As they talked, she suspected that all of those rumors about his business acumen weren't exaggerated on little bit. She definitely wouldn't mind his help on this project. He seemed to have vast information and ideas on how to implement things more effectively.

Chapter 4

Two weeks into the project, she wished she'd turned Derrick down flat!

She stood outside his house, a massive manor home on the edge of the village surrounded by beautiful trees and stunning landscaping. Right now, all the roses were in bloom and the vibrant colors were shocking against the castle-like edifice. There were turrets and crenellated ramparts in various places and one could easily tell how the building had changed throughout history by the various additions with slightly different styles. But the overall effect was both lovely and impressive. If she hadn't grown up in a palace, she might be intimidated by the view. As it was, she knew how much money it took to care for a place like this and she couldn't believe that the man only resided here part of the year. It looked like a place out of a fairy tale and she'd decided that, if she ever owned something like this, she'd never leave it.

She'd been inside twice on previous visits with Derrick and was amazed by the interior as much as the outer beauty. There were all the modern conveniences such as central air conditioning and heating, with none of the downsides to castle life such as cold and drafty rooms or dark corridors. The rooms were filled with light because of state of the art windows which had been installed recently, but Derrick had kept the renovations in line with the building's character. Everything flowed perfectly. Last week, she'd walked through the hallways to Derrick's office and peered into the various rooms she'd passed, wishing she could have done more than just a peek. She wanted to go into each room and explore the amazing architecture, the design features as well as the ancient artifacts that hung on the walls.

His home was a fascinating place and she couldn't believe she was jealous that he got to live here whenever he chose. She knew he also had a place in London and someone in the coffee shop had mentioned he had some residences in other parts of the world but an argument ensued as to where those residences were. Zarah had almost laughed at how many homes the people thought he had in different cities.

Today she stood out on the street, looking at the castle from underneath a large oak tree. The problem with entering the edifice had nothing to do with the actual building, but everything to do with the owner himself. During last week's meeting, she'd found herself staring at his mouth as he spoke, her mind wandering and wondering what it would be like to be kissed by those firm lips. And his shoulders looked so strong, so muscular! She wanted to feel what was underneath his tailored shirt. She'd never been so brazen around a man before and had definitely never thought things like that with any of the men her brother had set her up with.

She was actually embarrassed by how her thoughts had strayed to sexual fantasies around the man. If he ever suspected that she was thinking things like that, she'd never be able to show her face around him again!

Looking up at the house, she thought about him sitting behind that massive desk, his eyes alert and focused on whatever he was working on. The man had an intense level of concentration and she admired him for it, while at the same time, was irritated that he didn't feel the same things for her that she felt for him.

What would he do if she walked into his office and started taking off her clothes? She shook her head at the idea, but couldn't shake the image of making love with him on that massive desk. Or even just breaking his concentration by distracting him.

Her fingers were unconsciously fiddling with the buttons on her blouse, smiling at the idea of unbuttoning just one button to see if he would notice. Would he try to take a peek as she was always doing with him? Or would he be irritated by her attempt to flirt with him? He was always so serious when he was with the women in the village who were her age. He definitely gave off the vibe that he would not get into any kind of relationship with someone in the village.

In the end, she kept her shirt buttoned, not having the courage to actually follow through on her mind's desire to catch his attention.

What was she thinking?! She tore her hand away from her blouse, blushing at her rampant sexual thoughts. She couldn't believe that she wanted the man to be attracted to her. He was completely the wrong kind of man for her and she should be thankful that he wasn't interested.

Good grief! She'd really veered off course on this one!

Not only was he not interested in her, but even if he were, Rashid would never approve of him as a husband. Although, it was a known fact around the village that the current Duke of Huntington was not the marrying kind so thoughts of marriage were a ridiculous waste of time. He was a bonafide, tried and true bachelor. Too many women had ventured down the path of trying to get the man to the altar. In fact, she'd been sitting in the coffee shop a few days ago listening to a conversation at the nearest table where a group of elderly ladies were intently discussing all the 'fancy' women that had decorated the man's arm. All the women, including the most recent Elise, never lasted more than a couple of months at the most, and only for a weekend fling if they were truly unlucky. The Duke of Huntington, it was declared, would never marry because he enjoyed playing the field so much.

Zarah suspected that they all knew why he was like that, but no one would mention the man's background to her. Anytime she tried to bring it up, they quickly dismissed the subject as just vicious gossip, which was ironic since so many of the villagers relished recounting all of the Duke's lady loves that had prowled the village streets over time. Apparently, the ladies he brought home for a weekend fling were fair game for gossip and speculation while the Duke himself was protected, with no one saying a mean or disrespectful comment about him. In fact, just the opposite. Anytime she asked about his mistresses, they changed the subject to 'what a fine man The Duke was' or relating all the philanthropic activities Derrick participated in or sponsored. It was almost as if they were trying their hand at matchmaking, which was ridiculous since they'd just been discussing his playboy reputation.

Right now, she simply wanted to avoid him. He was dangerous and no one ever accused her of being stupid. Reckless and rebellious sometimes, but never stupid. One didn't put a hand into the mouth of a hungry lion and expect to come out unscathed, she told herself and forced her feet to finish the walk up the drive to the house.

Her hand was actually shaking when she lifted it to knock on the massive wooden door. The booming noise from the black, cast iron knocker reminded Zarah of the man himself. He was huge and dark, sinister almost because of his secret past that no one would discuss. There were sides to him that the darkness hid but when he spoke, it attracted everyone's attention.

The door was quickly answered but not by the housekeeper who had answered the door last week. Instead, Derrick stood there, looking down at her with those mysterious, green eyes, causing her knees to start shaking as well as her hand. In fact, her whole body was trembling with awareness and something that made her stomach clench with tension.

"So you decided to brave the lion's den, eh?" he asked with that irritating amusement that always seemed to be lurking in his green eyes.

"Excuse me?" she asked, her breath just a bit too breathless for her peace of mind. And the analogy had come so close to what she'd been thinking a moment ago. Could he read minds as well?

Derrick noticed her dilated eyes and her rapid breathing. All the signs were there and he wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her until she admitted that she wanted him just as much as he wanted her. She was driving him crazy with this hands-off attitude but he had a plan to break through that facade and find the real woman underneath.

"I saw you standing at the end of the drive. I knew you were debating whether to come the rest of the way to the house or run for the hills."

She shook her head, trying to appear confident and professional when she felt neither. If she'd known he was watching her, she might actually have run for the hills. Or at least a bush! "I....well..."

"I don't blame you. Come on in," he said and put a hand to her back and led her through the house to the back where his office was located. "How about a brandy?" he suggested. "Or a glass of wine?"

She shivered with the need to turn around so that his hand was on her stomach instead of her back. It felt so warm and strong...what would it feel like against her bare skin?

She shuddered as she stepped away, wishing she could suppress this unwanted desire for a man who was definitely not for her. "No, thank you," she replied and sat down on the chair he'd indicated. Alcohol definitely wasn't something she wanted to add into this mix. She was already confused enough as it was.

"So why didn't you want to come inside?" he asked as he handed her a glass of white wine despite her rejection of the offered beverage.

Her eyes glanced at the wine while her hand accepted it, wondering why she couldn't be strong and just tell him no. "I did..." She took a sip of the cool, refreshing wine, enjoying the burst of taste on her tongue.

"You didn't. So tell me what was going through your mind? Not enough progress on the festival?"

She blinked and shook her head. Business! This man wanted to discuss business and she had to get her mind in gear before she embarrassed both of them. "No, everything is fine. We're actually ahead of schedule."

"Then it must be because you're afraid of me."

Zarah looked up at the tall man and wanted desperately to cut him down a peg. She looked up at his arrogant face and everything in her wanted to prove to him that she wasn't affected by his nearness. "Excuse me?"

Derrick laughed. "I'm a tough task master, I know. But bear with me and we'll make a great team."

That was so far and yet, so close, to what she'd been thinking it was scary. She took a sip of wine, wondering how he'd known. She couldn't look him in the eyes so she glanced down at her notes. "I have a PowerPoint presentation to show you if you'd like to review it. I've documented our progress to date. We have all the shop owners involved in the festival. It's now just a matter of narrowing down their merchandise. They want to offer too much instead of just a sample of what they normally sell."

"You're right," he said and took the seat next to her instead of moving back behind the desk which would have made her much more comfortable. "Stick to two or three items that represent their stores. Let the visitors come back another time to get a broader experience."

She glanced over at him, then at the large desk. "Wouldn't you be more comfortable behind your desk?" she spat out before she could stop herself.

Derrick's eyebrow went up and he watched her carefully. "Would you be more comfortable if I were over there?" he asked her softly.

Zarah knew that the question was wrong even as she spoke the words but she couldn't take them back, and she wished she could be more casual. But sitting next to him, the heat of his body so close she could actually feel it emanating from him and into her cold, nervous fingers and arm. "I'm fine," she whispered and handed him the papers she'd printed out for him.

"It will be easier if we share," he said and leaned closer to her. "That way I can see what you're pointing to."

Zarah tried to take a deep breath, to calm her racing nerves and focus, but it was very hard when he was this close. She wanted to scoot her chair away slightly, but knew that would be too revealing. So she plunged into her notes, going through the presentation as thoroughly as possible.

They went through the other details Zarah had compiled but she was intensely aware of the large man moving closer to her. She lost her concentration several times when he pointed to something on her papers for clarification. She had to pull back slightly and gather her thoughts during those moments. She wanted to be professional about this situation, but he was making it very difficult.

"I guess that's all for today," she said as soon as they'd finished the last slide of her presentation. She quickly pulled the papers together and started stuffing them into her file folder.

"I've had my housekeeper make dinner. I hope you're hungry," he said as he stood up, taking her hand in his and pulling her along.

Zarah tried to pull her hand out of his larger one, but he simply looked down at her and held her more firmly. "Don't be afraid of me," he said, those dark, brown eyes watching her carefully, studying her face as if he could see into her soul.

Zarah blushed and relaxed her hand. "I'm not afraid of you," she lied.

One side of his mouth lifted with amusement. "Of course you are. But I promise not to hurt you."

Zarah wasn't sure she wanted that promise. How could he guarantee something like that? He didn't know anything about her and she suspected there was a secret to his past that could rise up to hurt both of them.

Besides, she only had five and a half more months here before she had to return home. And that was only if her brother didn't find her first.

He ignored her reluctance and simply tucked her hand into the crook of his arm and covered her fingers with his other hand, leading her down a stone hallway lit with electric wall sconces that Zarah suspected had been lit by torches or candles at one point. "Where are you from?" he asked as he opened an old, wooden door with black iron hinges. It didn't even creak, which irritated Zarah for some reason.

"I'm from the Middle East," she said evasively.

He laughed softly as he held a chair out for her beside a pretty, linen covered table set beside one of the windows in a large, plant filled solarium. "I had already guessed that. But which country?"

He sat down opposite her and a servant instantly walked in and placed two plates in front of both of them. There was a delicious salad with crisp greens and what she suspected was goat cheese and a salmon fillet with what looked like a lemon sauce.

"This looks wonderful," she said and picked up her fork.

"You're avoiding the question," he commented. "I wonder why." He picked up his own fork and sampled the salmon. "Do you have a horrible, dark secret that would be revealed if you told me where you were born?"

She had to laugh because he was exactly on the mark. "Yes. If I dared to tell you anything, you'd know so much about me that you'd run screaming to the hills," she quipped, tossing his original comment to her right back at him. Her heart warmed when he threw back his head and laughed, his gaze admiring her quit wit.

Unfortunately, her comment probably wasn't far from the truth. If she told him where she was from, he could do an internet search on the country. Possibly the first hit would be the official government site with the royal family portrait on the front page, and her right in the middle between her older siblings.

She smiled cheekily across the table at him. "So where are you from? And tell me your darkest secrets and then I'll share mine."

He laughed and shook his head. "I can't imagine someone as young and lovely as you having any horrible secrets."

She shook her head. "And now you're evading my question."

"You didn't ask a question. You offered a proposal."

"And you're still avoiding telling me about your past." She tilted her head as she watched him. "Why are you so mysterious?"

"There's nothing mysterious about me, I'm afraid. I grew up in this house, my father was the 10th Duke of Waren and I'm the 11th. I went through all the appropriate steps through school..."

"Which are?" she asked when he didn't elaborate.

"Attended the correct schools, horseback riding, golfing, tennis lessons. Anything that an old, aristocratic family should do, my father had me schooled to do."

"Sounds a like a poor, little rich boy story coming along," she teased.

When his eyes darkened, she knew that she'd hit a sore spot. "I'm sorry," she said immediately. "That was cruel of me. I know better than most that having privilege doesn't always equate to happiness."

The vulnerability she'd glimpsed was immediately gone and in its place was that sharp, instantaneous intelligence that never failed to make her nervous when he was pointing it in her direction. "So you grew up in a wealthy family as well?"

She thought of the palace where she'd grown up, spent all of her tutoring time until she'd left for Columbia University for college. "You could say I was pretty well off."

"I'm guessing that means that you were a snotty, bratty teenager who flitted from party to party just to irritate daddy. So what happened to turn you into the intelligent, successful woman you are now?" He grinned evilly as he said, "And please tell me you have a whole series of tattoos and body piercings from your rebellious stage."

She had to laugh while she shook her head. "I'm so sorry but no, I never got any tattoos."

"Not even a little butterfly on your incredibly cute bottom?" he asked hopefully.

Still laughing, she shook her head again. "Not even a butterfly tattoo and no piercings except for my ears."

He sighed as if disappointed. "I supposed it would be a shame to mar that perfect skin."

She almost dropped her fork with his words. Her smile vanished and she looked up into his eyes then gasped. He wasn't looking at her as if the comment were innocent. The heat coming at her from that look almost singed her whole body. She saw the intent, the need that was probably reflected right back at him because her stomach flipped once again and her skin felt as if it were on fire. Her eyes glanced down, noticing his hands and her mind instantly conjured up the image of those large, tanned hands on her skin, touching her everywhere. It wasn't hard to imagine since her mind took her there every night when she fell asleep.

He took a bite of his salmon, which thankfully released her from that visual image that had captured her so completely. She glanced down at her own food and took a bite, but she couldn't taste anything else. She was trapped, thinking of his hands and what they might feel like.

She knew that they discussed other things, but as he walked her to the front door, she couldn't remember any of it.

"Zarah, I want you to remember one thing," he said, his deep voice sending shivers along her body.

She was already shaking, wishing she could just run out of his house and into the heat of the summer evening. She needed space and fresh air, or at least air that wasn't filled with this man's spicy, male scent.

She turned to face him but was too overwhelmed by his nearness to look him directly in the eye. She wasn't sure what she might do if she got close, so she maintained a distance of several feet, even placing her hand on the handle of the door to open it quickly once he'd told her whatever it was he needed her to remember.

"What's that?" she asked, worried about what she was feeling and how she could overcome this sense of lust that filled her whenever she was around him.

"This," he replied and stepped forward, eliminating all the distance between them and pulling her closer, so there was absolutely no space between their bodies. His hand dove into her hair and tilted her head back, and before Zarah understood what he was about to do, his mouth covered hers, his tongue invading her mouth and kissing her passionately and deeply.

Zarah was still for all of one second before she shuddered violently, then wrapped her arms around his neck. She didn't even realize what she was doing but her body understood. Need eclipsed common sense and she kissed him back, imitating anything he did to her, unknowingly increasing the lust within both of them with her actions.

Derrick wished she had just pushed him away but her soft sighs and her even softer body pressing against his made his body react. The arm that was wrapped around her waist pulled her closer and he angled her head to the side so he could deepen the kiss, his tongue diving into her mouth, tasting her sweetness over and over again. Each time he felt her soft, velvety tongue against his, he wanted more. Nibbling on her lower lip, then pressing her for deeper contact. He tried to pull away, to step back and give her space but as soon as he relaxed his hold, she whimpered and he pulled her closer once again.

Someone was knocking on the front door, the loud banging of the iron door knocker reverberating in the stone foyer finally got through to his brain. He pulled back and looked down at her lovely features. She looked like she'd just been thoroughly kissed and he smiled at the realization that whoever was behind that door would know exactly what they had been doing.

That was an odd reaction he thought as he bent low for one more gentle taste. He released her and watched with fascination as her eyes fluttered open and she sucked in a deep gulp of air to try and steady herself.

He couldn't believe that he actually wanted the person on the other side of the door to see Zarah like this. He was generally a very private person, not wanting the villagers to gossip about him anymore than possible. He understood that they lived in a sleepy little town and anything that happened in their area to break the monotony was fair game for gossip, which he worked hard to minimize.

But he wanted his stamp of ownership on Zarah. He wanted the villagers to know that he'd staked a claim and she was his. There were several other men in the village he knew were trying to gain her attention, but as soon as she left his house looking so thoroughly kissed, they would all know that he was going to win.

He frowned as she picked up her purse and opened the door with a shaky hand. He didn't like the idea of her leaving like this. She looked too off-balance. Okay, a part of him liked that, wanted to make her even more off balance. But another part of him worried that she wouldn't be aware enough of her surroundings to be careful.

"Zarah, I'm going to drive you back to Mary's place. Just let me get my keys," he said and was about to close the door, ignoring the man smiling on the other side of the threshold.

"No!" she gasped and held up her shaking hand. She realized that she'd just made both men freeze with the vehemence of her tone and took a deep, calming breath. With a forced smile, she said, "Thank you very much for dinner. And I appreciate the offer for a ride back, but it's not very far at all and I'd rather....I need to....I just...." She almost ran out the door, stumbling down the steps and hurrying away from Derrick as fast as her feet would carry her.

Chapter 5

Zarah ran almost the whole way back to Mary's store, slamming the door after she was inside, then rushed to the store room. She didn't even care that Mary and two other ladies were in the store, she just needed a moment to collect herself.

She went to the farthest point in the room where it was dark and quiet and slowly sank down onto one of the old chairs that were stored in the room for no apparent reason. In the dark and quiet space, she took several deep breaths, bending down and putting her head between her legs. She slowly breathed in and out, filling her lungs with air that had not a single particle that smelled like Derrick. She didn't even care that it smelled stuffy and dusty as long as it didn't have that intoxicating male scent.

She estimated that it took her about fifteen minutes to recover from Derrick's kiss. The more she thought about it, the sillier she felt. She'd rushed out of his door earlier like she'd just been beaten instead of experiencing the man's kiss. She couldn't imagine what Derrick thought of her now. Probably some ridiculous virgin who had never really been kissed by a man.

Okay, so that was true, she told herself. Well, she'd been kissed. She'd dated other men and at the end of the night, they'd moved in and kissed her.

But nothing like that!

She'd never walked away from any of their kisses feeling like she'd just been struck by lightning. They had always been pleasant interludes, but nothing she would get excited about. Some were actually boring.

Derrick's kiss was not boring. She could apply several adjectives to the way she was feeling right now, but bored didn't even make it to the bottom of the list.

Frazzled. That one would be at the top. Excited? No, she couldn't describe what she was feeling right now as excited. That was too calm of a word.

She really wasn't sure what she was feeling right now besides completely confused.

What did the man have in mind? Was he just after an affair? Did she want to fall into bed with an infamous lothario?

Well, yes....she did want to fall in bed with him.

But she wouldn't!

No, she had too much pride for that. She needed to keep her head about her because having sex with Derrick would be disastrous. Just look at her reaction from just a kiss! Good grief, she couldn't even contemplate what she would be like after sex with the man. She'd have to be committed!

She chuckled to herself, remembering the look on his face when she'd rushed out of his front door, so eager to escape his embrace that she almost tripped down his stairs.

She'd have to play that up, she thought silently. Regrettably, she couldn't let Derrick know that he'd affected her so deeply. She didn't want him thinking that she was his for the taking. She'd have to be strong and professional about this situation. Derrick was a fabulous lover. She was innocent in that area. Therefore, she needed to laugh off the evening's kiss and pretend that it wasn't so incredibly....mid blowing.

Deciding her course of action, she took one more deep breath, then stood up and walked out of the store room. Mary was alone now, folding the sweaters on the front table that continuously became messy because of people picking them up to take a look at them.

"That must have been some meeting with our famous, part-time resident," Mary said without looking up from the pile of sweaters.

Zarah groaned silently and quickly tried to cover up her mistake at letting Mary see how affected she'd been when she'd come back.

"Not really. Derrick's a very smart man. He has some great ideas. I just needed to figure out how to implement them before I forgot about them."

Mary looked over at the pretty woman who was trying to appear casual as she shifted the sizes on a rack of dresses. Apparently, Zarah was completely unaware that she was instead mixing up the styles instead of sorting them so they were organized. Mary had to stifle her laughter at the sweet woman's attempt to hide what was going on. Everyone in the village was watching and eager to see what happened between these two. Zarah was light and happiness, new ideas and energy whereas the other women they'd seen their Duke with were darkness and not very refined. Oh, they might have titles or wealth, but not a single one could match Zarah's poise and grace, not to mention her soft, sultry beauty. They were harsh and brittle, rail thin to the point of emaciation with bones sticking out in the wrong places. Zarah was soft everywhere, including that tender heart of hers.

Everyone saw it. And the current favorite topic of conversation was why Zarah didn't embrace the attention of the Duke. He was different with her. And all of them hoped that Zarah would be different, that she would heal their Duke's damaged heart. Mary suspected that the Duke thought his heart was broken beyond repair, that he was a man without a soul after all the horrible things his father put him through and did to him. But Mary could see the kindness and generosity that was obvious when he spoke with anyone. The Duke wasn't broken. Damaged a bit but nothing a tender touch like Zarah's couldn't finally heal.

"Those classes you're teaching are fabulous," Mary said, pretending to change the subject. "Betty thinks you should give more of them once the festival is finished. She even suggested that maybe we could have a Christmas Festival as well, along the same lines as this Summer Festival but with a Christmas theme," she explained, the last part a bit obvious, but Mary wanted to try and entice Zarah to start talking. And more importantly, to think about staying beyond the year she keeps mentioning. Mary wanted Zarah to think of Willingham as her home, not as some stop over. And she wanted the Duke to marry her and have a fairy tale wedding with everyone in the village attending and smiling over what they'd accomplished with these two.

Zarah's hand stilled on a blue dress with a gold chain circling the hangar. "I think a Christmas Festival would be a great idea."

Mary sighed with happiness. "Great! I'll let her know that you'll bring all the lessons learned to the table for that event so we can do it up better than this one!"

Zarah heard the words and knew that something wasn't right about what Mary was saying, but it took several minutes before she could grasp their meaning. Mary was almost to the door of the store room when Zarah called back to her. "I can't organize that one, Mary."

Mary turned with a surprised look. "But you're doing such a wonderful job organizing this one," she stated with encouragement.

"I appreciate that. As well as the vote of confidence that I can recreate the effort over the winter season. But I won't be here this winter. I told my brother I would be home in a year. I only have five more months with all of you." Zarah was more depressed at that realization than she'd ever thought she could be. She didn't want to leave this village. She suddenly realized that she genuinely loved these people. She'd come in as a stranger to everyone but now they all felt as if they were her aunts and uncles, cousins and long, lost friends.

She turned away, her eyes suddenly filling with tears and she wiped them away angrily. She should be excited to return home and see her nieces and nephews, not to mention Rashid and Sidra. She missed her sister so much it almost hurt and even Isla's husband, Hussan, had turned out to be a great guy. But this village with all its warm, gentle inhabitants, felt more like home than anything she'd ever thought of. Even the palace where she'd grown up and spent most of her life didn't feel this warm and welcoming.

"Well then," Mary said with an upbeat tone. "We have five months to change your mind then, don't we?" she said and disappeared into the back before Zarah could argue with her.

There wasn't anything Zarah could say anyway. She had five months before she had to return to Rashid and face her future. She had five months of freedom.

And she wasn't going to waste them being sad, she told herself sternly. She had five month and she could do so much in that time!

Chapter 6

Zarah wiped the sheen of sweat from her forehead and trudged on, stepping over the long grass and avoiding any of the daisies that popped up throughout the field. She needed to view this field Derrick had suggested for the site. He'd offered the field on the other side of the village for additional parking and Zarah had to agree that it was ideal for the task. The trees were wide enough apart to allow for rows of parking and it was far enough away from the village so it wouldn't cause traffic problems. Derrick had even offered to pay for a shuttle bus service so that people could park here and ride comfortably to the village, making access easier.

Unfortunately, it was a painfully hot day and she'd worn long pants thinking to keep the bugs off. There was little shade but she still needed to measure three more areas to make sure that they would fit in with the parking regulations she'd found online.

She was walking through the last of the trees when she came to an abrupt stop. Right in front of her was the most perfect pond, almost a small lake, with willow trees hanging their long branches down to the water and day lilies as well as pussy willows basking in the hot, afternoon sunshine along the banks. On one side, there was a field of daisies smiling into the sunshine and on the other, a dock that was ideal for swimming.

Quickly, she slipped her shoes off and traipsed out to the end of the dock. She rolled her khaki slacks up and sat down, letting her feet dangle into the water. It felt heavenly! The cool water was the perfect temperature to refresh the body down but not so frigid that it would create a problem.

Wouldn't it be nice to just jump in? To feel the water surround her and pull all the miserable heat out of her body? She loved swimming and had done it almost every day growing up. She loved being out in the sunshine with the water swishing around her body, making her feel decadent and free from restrictions.

Zarah bit her lower lip, looking around at the surrounding area. There wasn't anyone near this pond and she couldn't even hear the traffic from the main road from this distance. It was pretty far back from everything.

She looked around again, then stared into the cool, dark water. Could she do it?

Shaking her head, she sighed and scooted closer to the edge. Sticking her feet into the water was just fine, she told herself.

The lower her leg got into the water, the more tempting it was to just slide her slacks and blouse off and slip into the water.

What an outrageous idea, she thought with relish. It was such a quiet afternoon, surely no one would be walking by here, would they? It was far enough from the main road so people wouldn't casually walk by and completely hidden with trees. She couldn't even hear the traffic sounds from this distance.

Deciding to be brave and crazy, she stood up and shimmied out of her slacks, folding them neatly to the side. She unbuttoned her blouse and did the same, then stood standing at the end of the dock while she looked down into the inviting water.

Her eyes drifted up briefly to check the surroundings before she took the risk and jumped into the alluring, enticing water. As her hot body was enveloped by the cool, refreshing water, she was thrilled at how daring this was. She couldn't believe that she was actually skinny dipping!

Well, not completely. She was still wearing her bra and underwear, but she felt decadent and so refreshed. The cool water completely renewed her energy level that had been depleted by the hot sunshine and tedious task of ensuring enough parking for the anticipated festival crowds. She swam out across the tiny lake, her arms and legs taking her through the water quickly. She went back and forth, enjoying the invigorating exercise and the sunshine on the top of her head. When she was finally out of breath, she swam over to the dock and pulled herself up the ladder, then laid down on the hot wooden slats, letting the sun and the wood warm her up.

She was almost asleep when she heard the voice and her sluggish mind went into overdrive.

Derrick was leaning against an old, oak tree while he watched the bathing beauty sun herself on his dock. He couldn't count the number of times he'd escaped to this little lake, feeling the water pull away all of the tension from his sore muscles. He came here often in the early mornings to cool down after one of his workouts and did exactly the same thing she was currently doing. Although he generally took off everything whereas this little lady thought she was being demure by leaving on those transparent pieces of nothing. Her bra and underwear left little to the imagination and as he walked down the soft grass to the dock, he took in her dark pink nipples and the enticing curve of her hip, her slender waist and that luscious V at the juncture of her thighs that was pulling him towards her like a magnet.

"You're going to get burned," Derrick said as he crouched down low. He was only a few inches from her and she still hadn't heard him approach.

As soon as he spoke though, she jumped up, immediately trying to cover herself as her head swung around to see who had discovered her brief time in the sunshine.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded, one arm covering her breasts while the other hand tried to cover that V that he wanted so desperately to explore with his hands and his mouth.

Derrick smiled slightly, his eyes traveling down her long, slender neck to view those lovely breasts that were too large for her arm to adequately hide from his experienced eyes. "I came down here to do exactly what you're doing," he replied and stood up. His fingers moved to the bottom of his shirt and he quickly pulled it off, tossing it to the side so that it landed on top of her own clothes.

She watched her clothes become buried by his larger ones and was fascinated despite her brain telling her to look away. When he was almost naked, she snapped out of her focus on his rapidly appearing dark skin and shook her head. "You can't do that!" she gasped, but then her eyes feasted on his bare chest, amazed at the rippling muscles and tanned skin. She licked her lips, her mind going blank.

"Why not? It's my lake. I wanted to swim but feel free to join me."

She shook her head, more in automatic mode versus an actual understanding of what he was saying. "Can't," she said, then gasped when his hands moved to the buttons of his khaki shorts. "Stop!" she cried out.

Derrick stopped and looked at her beautiful face, almost chuckling at the blush that stole across her high cheekbones. Damn, he wanted to kiss that mouth again, to feel that full, lower lip and taste her nectar. But not just her mouth. He wanted to taste all of her. He was fascinated by this woman and wanted to figure out what could be so alluring about this particular woman that he couldn't seem to get her out of his mind.

At first, he'd thought it was just the chase. She didn't run after him like the other women he'd had in his life. They were aggressive, knowing what they wanted and determined to get it. He'd give them his attention, for as long as they amused him, but none had reached the level of fascination that this woman achieved in so short a time. Ever since she'd arrived at the village he'd heard stories about her. He'd been busy at the time with a takeover, but as soon as he was able to get away, he had come to town to investigate. Elise had been a good excuse, but the moment he'd laid eyes on this fascinating creature, he hadn't been able to let her go.

And after the kiss the other day, he'd been dreaming about her, waking up hard and aching, desperate to have her in his bed so he could finally rid himself of his obsession with her. She smelled good, she looked incredible, and now that he'd seen almost all of her, he was more determined than ever to get her into his bed and have his way with her.

"Don't what?" he asked softly, even though he knew exactly what she was telling him. He continued to unbutton his shorts, noting that her eyes never left his hands. When he pulled the zipper down, she watched, her breath catching in her throat. He normally swam completely naked, but because she appeared so nervous, he left his boxers on for her benefit, even though there was no way to hide her affect on him. Nor was he even trying to hide. He wanted her to know what she did to him. He wanted her to think about it, to fantasize about it and know that she turned him on like no other woman ever had. "Swim with me?" he suggested and moved towards her, towards the end of the dock.

"No, I really can't," she said and stepped back a step.

"You should be careful," he warned, seeing that she was less than a foot away from the end of the dock and still backing up.

He tried to reach out and grab her, to stop her from falling, but she jerked away, only adding more force to her backwards momentum. In the end, he tried to be the gentleman as much as the situation would allow by grabbing her waist. Although he couldn't stop her from falling, at least he could twist enough so that he fell into the water first, taking the brunt of the splash while his arms wrapped around her waist to hold her steady.

Even as the water enveloped their bodies, his mind couldn't help but notice how amazing she felt pressed against him. And then he had to focus on keeping them above water. Even that he didn't mind because the water swirled around them and he pulled her against him while they came up for air, her tiny hands on his shoulders and the water plastering that sexy lingerie against her breasts once again.

This time, there wasn't any way for him to be gentlemanly about the situation. Those breasts were just too perfect and he was only a man. He couldn't keep his eyes from looking nor his hands from moving up her waist to her rib cage. He was finally able to stop them there, but as he pulled her against him, he couldn't hide his body's reaction.

Zarah wished that she could have acted appropriately and pulled her hands away. But instead of pushing against his shoulders so she could make more space between their bodies, her arms found their way around his neck, her fingers tangling in the hair at the nape of his neck, testing the texture and feeling the softness. She was amazed at how incredibly strong he looked. Then his hands moved to her waist, sliding up and down her back and she shifted her stomach closer to his, the water lapping against her heated body that only increased in temperature when his hands moved around, his thumbs stopped along the outside of her rib cage.

"You're beautiful," Derrick said, wanting to press her softness against his chest, but knowing he had to take things slowly. She was skittish, he knew. He suspected that she hadn't had very many lovers in her past but he wasn't going to let this beauty go. He wanted her and he knew that she felt the same way towards him.

She didn't respond to his compliment, too interested in looking at all of that bare skin that was right in front of her. "It's pretty hot today," she finally said while her fingers moved through his hair. Without hesitation, they moved across his shoulders, feeling the muscles, reveling in his strength.

"Yes. And getting hotter." He watched as her mouth opened just slightly while her fingers, that light, tentative touch, drove him crazy. He wanted her hands on his chest, against his skin. She was like a drug that he hadn't realized he needed until she was standing right in front of him like this. "Touch me," he commanded, and then his arm lifted, taking her hand from his shoulder to his chest.

Zarah loved the way the light sprinkling of hair on his chest tickled her palm, making her feel as if she were going up in flames with the need to touch him further. She moved her hand along his skin, testing the various textures and noting that his heart was pounding in his chest. Did she do that to him? He certainly had that kind of an impact on her, she thought as her legs brushed against his underneath the water.

Derrick couldn't take the fluttering movements any longer. With a groan, he pulled her against him, his mouth crushing hers in a kiss that stopped all time as he tasted that mouth, the sweet, taunting mouth that had been disturbing his dreams lately.

She felt incredibly soft and tasted even better! As his mouth devoured hers, his hands shifted along her soft, satiny skin. She drove him even more wild by those sexy sounds she made with each new place he touched. When he cupped her breast, her head pulled away and he looked down into her bright, surprised gaze. He was going to take his hand way, but then she surprised him even more when she went right back into his arms, her legs wrapping around his waist and her hand reaching down to guide his hand once again to her breast. When his thumb rubbed over her hardened nipple, she stiffened slightly, then pressed herself against him even more, rubbing her stomach against his erection, whimpering with a need that almost matched his own.

Derrick took a deep breath, his hand moving of its own volition to cup her perfect breasts, thrilled when her head fell backwards as the need struck her. He knew how she felt. Every time she rubbed against his erection it was hard for him to remind himself to take things slowly. All he wanted to do was pull her out of the water and make love to her on the dock.

He lifted her higher, kissing her again, tasting that sweetness that he found only with her. She kissed him back, her tongue moving against his and his hand moved the strap of her bra, lowering it so that his hand could touch her breast without the hindrance of the fabric.

"Come back to the house with me," he growled, lifting her higher so that his mouth could cover her breast, his tongue flicking against her nipple and sucking the ripe mound, hearing her gasps of surprise and making him painfully hard.

"Can't," she whispered, shaking her head for emphasis.

"Why not?" he asked as his hand skimmed up her back, bringing her breast closer.

"We're not meant for each other." She sighed as she said those words, her eyes closed and her back arching as if to offer her breast to Derrick. He took the offering, but a part of his mind was trying to figure out what she was taking about.

He lowered her back down and looked at her passion glazed eyes. "Zarah, we're going to make love. It's either going to be here or at my place. Make your decision." He was trying to get through to her, but he might have missed his window.

Zarah focused her eyes on his handsome features, reveling in the feel of his arms wrapped around her as she floated in the water against his strong body. He was trying to tell her something, but she couldn't really figure it out. All she wanted was for him to continue to make her feel so incredibly wonderful. She loved the way his hands and mouth fell on her body and wanted to understand why he had stopped.

He kissed her gently and pulled her towards the dock. "Let's go," he said and started to lift her upwards.

"Wait!" she gasped and looked at him with wide, anxious eyes. "We really can't do this," she whispered, her hands fisting on his shoulders to keep herself from touching him further. "I can't do this."

"We're already halfway through doing 'it'," he growled sarcastically. "I just don't want to finish 'it' here in the lake. I want you in my bed so I can explore every inch of you and hear you scream out when you climax in my arms."

Zarah shuddered, wondering how she was going to fight against that image. She hesitated, wanting so much to feel him doing things to her and exploring him just as he'd just told her he wanted to do to her. But the reality was, she had to focus on the future, on what she came here to do. Losing her virginity to Derrick would be wonderful, but she'd be ashamed in the morning.

"I really need to go," she said and swum back out of his arms, putting distance as well as the cool water between them.

Derrick swam over so that he was between her and the ladder, stopping her but not touching her. If he reached out and felt that incredible softness again, he wasn't sure he could stop a second time. "So what just happened? You were ready for this to happen and then something changed your mind. I completely respect that, but I need to understand what you're thinking."

Zarah wasn't exactly sure herself. She just didn't feel right about this. Grasping at straws she said, "We barely know each other. We don't know what makes each other tick or how to communicate effectively with each other."

"We were communicating quite well before you put a stop to us."

Zarah blushed and looked away, treading water while he stood on the bottom of the lake. "Look, we met each other for the first time just a few weeks ago. At htat time, you were seeing someone else. So you've got to understand that this is a huge turnaround for you. Whatever happened to Elise anyway? And why do you think we'll be any different?"

"Elise is gone."

"But why? And if you aren't willing to talk about your past relationships, why would you want to start another one so soon?"

"Just accept that Elise isn't in the picture any longer."

Zarah sighed and shook her head. "Derrick, this is just too crazy."

He looked at her carefully, then finally nodded his head. "Okay. This is moving too fast for you," he replied with grim resignation. "So we'll go slower."

That wasn't really what she meant, but she would accept his interpretation if she could just get out of the lake and hide for a little while, cool her body down from his lovemaking.

"I need to get back to Mary's shop. I promised to take over for the evening shift."

Derrick's smile was slow in coming, but Zarah's body froze with reaction. She didn't have long to wait for an interpretation of his amusement. "No problem. I'll see you later then." He pushed off and swam several feet away from the ladder, giving her a clear path to the exit.

Zarah waited another moment, but when he just turned around and stood there, she wasn't sure what he was going to do.

Derrick raised his eyebrows, urging her to continue.

"Aren't you going to turn around so I can get out of the water?" she asked, biting her lower lip because she wasn't sure how she could get out otherwise.

"Now why would I turn around and miss such a beautiful view?"

Zarah's temper snapped. "Couldn't you just be a gentleman once in a while?"

He laughed and shook his head. "I tried to be a gentleman when you fell into the water. Look where that got us? All hot and bothered and wanting each other, needing that fulfillment that you're denying us." He let those words sink in before he said, "At least for now."

She couldn't believe what he was saying. He was going to watch her while she ascended that ladder? How obnoxious!

She looked over at the bank of the water, wondering if she could get out that way, but his words stopped her cold. "I wouldn't advise that way out," he said with that deep voice filled with amusement and anticipation. "The snakes lie in wait for the birds who come down for a drink by the edge of the river, not to mention the rodents and other animals that need to cool down."

Zarah's worried eyes went from the edge of the water with all the vegetation and then to the ladder, weighing her options. Which was the lesser of the two evils?

In the end, she just couldn't force herself to climb through all those lilies and pussy willows, too afraid of snakes and bugs, or whatever else might be hiding in the weeds. With a growl of frustration, she swam over to the ladder and pulled herself up as quickly as she could.

She didn't even care that she was still dripping wet. As soon as she reached the top of the ladder, she hurried across the deck to grab her clothes. Pulling them on wasn't easy but she managed it in record time.

She turned around just in time to see Derrick come up the ladder, water dripping down that magnificent body of his, those broad shoulders and rippling abdominal muscles just taunting her.

"Look all you like," he teased and stood still for her perusal. "It's better to touch though."

Zarah's eyes snapped up to his and she blushed, turning away and grabbing her notes. "I apologize for invading your lake today," she said nervously.

"Invade anytime, Zarah."

She hurried away, heading back to the village as fast as she could without appearing to run. She suspected that he knew exactly what she was doing anyway, but didn't care. At this point, she just needed space and time to recover.

Chapter 7

Zarah felt as if she were being cornered. No matter how many times she tried to hide, Derrick was always right there. His green eyes watching her carefully while his large, male body trapped her whenever they were alone.

The morning following their swim in the lake, she was sitting in the coffee shop before work with Mary and Suzanne and several others. They were all laughing about men, their husbands or previous boyfriends and Zarah laughed at some of the stories Mary told of the men she met before marrying her husband. The woman really cracked her up.

She glanced down at the newspaper, not really interested in reading any of the news, just wanting to keep abreast of the international headlines. Suddenly, the laughter was gone and there was only silence in its place.

Within thirty seconds, all four other women picked up their coffees, purses and anything else they'd brought with them and were walking out the door. Zarah wasn't sure what had happened, but she wasn't in any rush, so she remained seated. Since her back was to the doorway, she had no idea that Derrick had just walked into the coffee shop. She glanced back down at her newspaper, about to fold it up and head over to the shop when a large body sat down next to her, trapping her in the booth and moving closer than she felt comfortable.

"Going somewhere?" he asked, looking down at her and putting his arm around the back of the booth. His shoulders were so broad that they actually blocked out the rest of the cafe.

She shifted uncomfortably on the bench, wanting to put some space between their bodies, but he only shifted again, plastering his leg back against hers.

"I should get to the shop. Mary needs my help," she said, but it sounded all breathy and distracted. Her eyes dropped to his mouth, wishing they were in a place where he could kiss her.

"You don't need to be there for thirty minutes. I just spoke to Mary as she was leaving."

Zarah looked quickly at the exit and saw her best friend and her boss heading down the street with three other women, all five of them with their heads bent towards each other as if they were discussing something of great import. "Traitor," Zarah said under her breath.

Derrick laughed but was delighted with her expression. "So what are you reading in the newspaper?" he asked.

Zarah glanced down, trying to remember which article she'd been skimming. "Nothing really."

"The economy is getting better," he commented, then lifted his eyebrows as if to tell her that the conversation was now in her court and she'd better pick it up.

Zarah couldn't pull her eyes away from his. "That's what the statistics are saying at least."

"You disagree?" he challenged.

Zarah wasn't sure how it happened, but within moments, they were in a heated argument over the best way to lead the economy out of this current mess. She rolled her eyes several times when he claimed one avenue to achieve financial success but she tossed back at him another option. Back and forth they argued and Zarah laughed at how much she admired his comments.

She glanced at her watch and jumped up. "I really have to go now. I'm late and Mary will be wondering where I am," she said and pushed against his side so she could exit the booth.

She was relieved when he slid out, allowing her to leave, but she should have known that it wouldn't be that easy. As soon as they were standing, Derrick pulled her into his arms and kissed her, uncaring that the rest of the patrons stopped and stared, some with their mouths hanging open as they witnessed a public display of affection by their one and only Duke and the new girl on the block.

After several heart stopping moments, he lifted his head and stepped back. With a wink and a nod, he walked out of the cafe ahead of her, sliding his hands into the pockets of his khaki slacks and whistling while he walked down the street in the opposite direction.

Zarah watched him, her eyes glaring at him but he never turned around so he didn't realize that she was shooting arrows at his back.

Two days after that incident, she was busy closing up the shop after a crazy Saturday. They'd sold a great deal of merchandise, but the store was a mess! She and Mary were folding and straightening when a knock sounded on the locked door.

Zarah didn't even bother to look up as she was bent down low picking up several belts that had fallen behind a display case. She stood up a moment later to see who had just walked in, belts in hand and a worried look on her face because Derrick was walking into the store, chatting with Mary about the sweet woman's cat.

"What are you doing here on a Saturday night?" Mary teased as she hefted a pile of sweaters onto the table. "Shouldn't you be in London at some fabulous gala so that we can read all about it in the society section tomorrow morning?"

He laughed and shook his head, his eyes zeroing in on Zarah. "I came to take your helper out for dinner and a movie, if she has the time." He looked back down at Mary before he said, "but it looks like you two have a lot of work to do cleaning up around here. Maybe I should come around another time?"

Mary waved that aside. "Goodness, we can clean this stuff up any old time. You two go on and have a nice night."

Zarah was already shaking her head but Mary was having none of that. "Don't even go there, my dear," she interrupted before Zarah could utter a word. "You've already told me that you're facing a dull salad up in your apartment because Suzanne is out on a date tonight anyway. Might as well go out and have a nice dinner instead of that healthy stuff you're always eating."

Derrick looked back to Zarah who was obviously trying to frantically figure out a way to escape from his plans for her tonight. He didn't say a word, just watched with amusement as she sifted through one excuse after another in her mind, discarding each because she knew they wouldn't work.

"Fine," she replied, grudgingly accepting his elbow.

"I love it when a woman is excited to be with me," he commented and winked at Mary.

"Don't let her fool you," Mary called out. "She's been jumpier than a kitten in a mouse factory. And I suspect it's because she's been waiting for you to show up again."

Derrick laughed and pulled Zarah out of the shop. When they were outside, he simply bent low and kissed her open mouth, eliminating the possibility of hearing her contradict Mary's assertion. He liked thinking that this little woman was just as eager as he was.

"What movie are we going to see?" she asked when she realized they were now walking down the street. His kisses tended to make her mind go blank. She even glanced backwards to see how far they'd walked while she'd still been in that kissing moment. Thankfully it wasn't too far and she sighed with relief.

"I thought we could have dinner at my place, then perhaps I could entice you to join me in my viewing room for some romantic comedy while you watch the screen and I devour your delicious body. Does that sound appealing?"

Zarah had trouble breathing after that suggestion, because it sounded more appealing than she wanted to admit, even to herself. "How about that new action movie down at the cinema?" she countered.

"My idea sounds like more fun."

"Your idea sounds more dangerous," she mumbled.

Derrick chuckled and pulled her closer, putting his arm around her waist. "I think you need to live on the dangerous side once in a while."

They walked to the cinema, a smallish building that showed only two movies at a time. Normally, they were a little out of date, not able to get the biggest releases on the opening weekends. But it was an intimate setting that most of the people enjoyed. If they wanted to go to a first run movie, they probably weren't living in Willingham.

There were only three restaurants in the village. The coffee shop counted as one because it had baked goods for breakfast that could also be purchased all day long. The diner served a wholesome, family style meal that most of the residents used for lunches or a fast dinner. But there was also a small cafe that served a very good lunch and dinner with various entrees during the week. Since tonight was Saturday, the specialty was Italian, and they served a very good fettucini alfredo with either shrimp, chicken or vegetables. Zarah ordered the pasta with the steamed vegetables while Derrick ate the chicken meal. The garlic bread was loaded with butter, the wine was extremely good and the pasta was thick with cheese.

She sat nervously across from him, prepared to be nervous about being out with Derrick, but his charming personality simply wouldn't allow her to be anxious. He engaged her in various arguments that had her laughing at his ridiculous stances on subjects as far reaching as the Chinese economy to the various chocolates served in Switzerland versus Belgium. By the time dessert was served, a thick, creamy, decadent cheesecake with a chocolate and strawberry topping, Zarah was laughing at anything he said, knowing that he was just trying to keep her relaxed and enjoying the night anyway.

The movie was funny and light and she almost forgot about the fact that Derrick held her hand throughout the whole show. She loved the intimacy of the smaller theatre and the way he possessively kept on touching her. It made her feel special and wanted, even though he appeared to be watching the movie the whole time.

On the walk back to her apartment, Zarah was nervous, knowing that Suzanne wasn't home and they had already gone much further sexually, than she was ready for. Would he expect something more? Would he want to come inside?

"Hey," he said and stopped in the middle of the street.

Zarah turned to face him, looking up at him nervously.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

She took a deep breath and looked down at the middle of his chest. "I'm nervous about what you're going to expect and what I won't be able to deliver," she finally said.

"I expect to kiss you goodnight at your doorstep. And I expect to see you or talk to you tomorrow and I'm very much hoping you won't continue to hide from me like you have over the past several days."

Hearing those words, Zarah breathed a huge sigh of relief. "That's all?" she asked, a small smile starting to form on her face.

The sound Derrick made was half a groan, half a laugh. He wanted this woman more intensely than he had ever wanted any other woman. But he also wanted her to make the choice of her own free will, and to do so consciously, without the heat of passion clouding her judgment. He wanted to wake up with her in his arms and not see the regret in her eyes. So if it meant going slowly, he was more than willing to do that for her. It might kill him, with a slow, tortuous death, but he'd love it the whole time.

"That's all," he replied firmly, taking her hands and placing them in the middle of his chest, then bending down to gently kiss those incredibly enticing lips.

Zarah couldn't believe the relief that surged through her body with his reassurance. "That would be very nice."

"What? The kiss or not hiding from me?" he teased.

She laughed and bent backwards to look up at him. "Since the hiding thing isn't actually working, it would be nice to kiss you and know that it won't go any further than that."

Derrick just about punched himself. He hadn't meant to reassure her that they wouldn't go any further. He definitely meant to take this woman to bed and make love to her until she couldn't move any longer. That had better happen sooner rather than later, because he wasn't sure how much longer he could hold out with this restraint he was exhibiting.

But if it meant he could kiss her and hold her without the fear he normally saw when he approached her, then he would do what he must and just leave her with a kiss.

They continued to walk towards her apartment, the night sounds surrounding them and the humidity creating an atmosphere of intimacy. They laughed and joked about the movie and when she reached her apartment, she looked up at him, eager to experience his kiss. She didn't understand the groan he emitted but reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck, uncaring about anything other than just feeling his firm lips against hers, tasting him once again.

Chapter 8

Zarah showered, rubbing the soap against her body in an effort to try and clear her mind of the erotic images she kept conjuring up at all times of the day. She couldn't seem to get the memory of his body out of her mind, nor his hand as it gently held her breast, his thumb rubbing against her nipple as she watched in fascination as her body had responded to his touch.

They'd been out with each other almost every night this week and she was screaming with frustration whenever he left her with just a kiss. Sometimes that kiss was gentle, sometimes more probing and passionate. But no matter what, she was still left at her door, longing for more, but unsure how to tell him that.

She was shivering with the memories of those kisses and his teasing looks while her body's need increased with each passing day. As she showered, she pictured what he'd looked like that day at the lake, his muscles gleaming in the sunshine as the water streamed off of him.

She shut off the water and stepped out of the shower, toweling herself dry as quickly as possible. She glanced at the clock on the wall and knew she'd have to hurry. She had a great deal of things to do and not much time to accomplish all of them because she'd been thinking about Derrick much too often lately.

The phone ringing made her jump and she dropped the towel. With numb fingers, she hurriedly reached down and picked it up, terrified that she might be exposed once again with Derrick's all-knowing eyes to catch yet another glimpse. Could he see her through the phone? She even looked at the window to make sure the blinds were drawn, so terrified of what he could make her feel.

With a sigh and a shake of her head because of her silly reaction, she walked over to the phone and picked it up. "Hello?" she spoke into the receiver.

Half of her was expecting Suzanne to ask her to meet her somewhere, which they often did when they'd been running around too often lately. But the deep voice was exactly the man she'd wanted to avoid for another few weeks. Or years.

"Zarah, I need your help. Do you think you could be ready for dinner in an hour?"

Zarah's fingers gripped the receiver and she couldn't think for a long moment. Finally, she shook her head and gathered herself together. "No. I can't. I'm sorry."

There was a long moment of silence and then she heard him sigh. "Look, I know you're not busy tonight because I've already checked at Mary's shop for you. She said you're not working and your roommate told me that you'd be home tonight. She said something about you reading too often whenever you're not with me so don't try and tell me that you're busy because I won't believe you." He paused before he added, "I thought we agreed earlier in the week that you weren't going to avoid me any longer. Does that promise still stand? Or have you changed your mind for some reason that I need to know about?"

"I...."

"No, don't even come up with another excuse. If you say you can't help me out, that's one thing and I'll understand perfectly. We've had something going this week and I'm sure it is scaring you. Normally, I'd give you some space so you could come to terms with what is going to happen between us, but I really need your help tonight. I have some guests coming in from out of town and I need help with them and you're the only person I know that can handle the situation."

Zarah bit her lip and wondered how she could get out of this situation. A part of her really wanted to see him again tonight. But another part of her, the sensible part, knew that she was getting in deep with Derrick. She was going to get hurt if she didn't pull back from their relationship. "Suzanne really...."

"Don't go there, Zarah," he said softly with a laugh. "I saw Suzanne at the coffee shop about twenty minutes ago and she said you didn't have any plans for the evening."

Zarah sighed with frustration. "What time?" she asked belligerently as she accepted her fate for the night.

He didn't take offense. In fact, he laughed at her frustration. "That's my girl. I'll pick you up at seven."

She loved his laugh and smiled in response despite her irritation at the way he'd cornered her into seeing him tonight. "I can get there on my own."

"No way. If I leave you to get here, you will find some way to get out of the evening. Wear something nice. Suzanne said you have a whole stash of clothes that would be appropriate, which I'm guessing is a story in itself that I'll have to coax from you at some point. Thank you in advance for your help tonight and I'll owe you."

With that, he hung up the phone and Zarah glared down at it. She hurried back into her bedroom and surveyed her wardrobe options. At the moment, she simply pulled on a robe because she still wasn't sure what she wanted to wear to what seemed to be an important dinner for Derrick.

She thought about calling Suzanne to demand to know why she'd left her hanging like that but the woman walked into the apartment at that same moment and Zarah turned her glare from the phone to her friend. "Why didn't you back me up and tell Derrick I had plans tonight?"

Suzanne froze, her purse and bag halfway between her shoulder and the chair she was about to dump everything into as she stared back at Zarah with a confused expression. "Derrick? Who is Derrick?"

Zarah rolled her eyes. "You know exactly who he is and don't play dumb with me. The Duke of Waren? Derrick Huntington?"

Sudden understanding dawned on Suzanne's face and she let her bags fall into the chair. "I honestly didn't know his name. Everyone simply refers to him as The Duke. I know he has several close friends around town but they never reveal any personal information about him. He's a very nice man," she said as she opened the fridge and to pull out the already opened bottle of wine then took down a glass to pour herself some. "Why are you upset? He's a gorgeous guy, he's extremely nice, has a reputation for taking huge companies that are in trouble and making them healthy again...what more could you want in a guy?" Her grin was wide and mischievous as she added, "I bet he's fantastic in bed too! With a body like that, one has to wonder!"

Zarah knew that Suzanne wouldn't really understand. She herself didn't completely grasp what the issue was with Derrick. The man just made her uncomfortable. And after this past week, she was terrified of being alone with him again tonight. She flopped onto the couch and took several deep breaths, trying to clear her mind of all the erotic thoughts that popped up whenever she thought about the man under discussion.

Things had gone from casual and fun to something....more. She didn't want to define whatever she was feeling, knowing that it wasn't in her future.

She closed her eyes and leaned back against the sofa cushions. "He is great in bed," Zarah groaned, then her eyes popped up to look at a stunned Suzanne, realizing what she'd just revealed.

"Oh no you don't!" Suzanne said as she spotted Zarah's attempt to back track from that statement. "Details!" She hurried over to the sofa, crossing her legs underneath her at the opposite end and stared at her roommate expectantly.

Zarah's shoulders slumped because she knew that Suzanne wouldn't relent until she had the whole story. "I sort of went for a swim earlier in the week down at that lake behind the Fisher's house."

Suzanne's curiosity increased and showed on her blond features. "You mean the Duke's lake? The one he reportedly swims in all the time?" she clarified.

Zarah slapped her palm against her forehead after hearing Suzanne's comment. "Well, I wouldn't have gone there myself if someone had told me that little tid bit before I dove in that day!"

Suzanne laughed and tucked her toes underneath her, settling in for a good gossip with her glass of wine cupped in both hands and an eager expression on her face. "So you went for a swim and what happened?"

Zarah took a deep breath. "Well, I wasn't really wearing a proper swimsuit," she explained cautiously.

Suzanne's face was blank for a moment, then she gasped as understanding came to her. "You were naked?"

"No!" Zarah countered. "Of course not. I had my bra and underwear on!" She actually curled her arms over her robe as if she were still at the lake that day.

The laughter from the other end of the sofa made Zarah squirm. "Honey, I've seen your underwear and it's not normal. Those pieces of lace are works of art that the rest of the world can't really afford to wear on special occasions whereas you have dozens of them for everyday use! So don't you dare try and have that offended tone of voice with me when you say that you were still wearing your bra and underwear because that just leaves me with an image in my mind that I know no man could resist, much less the ultra macho Duke who has been totally into you since day one."

"He hasn't been 'into' me. He's been a perfect gentleman during all of our encounters." Okay, that was a lie, she thought to herself. She wasn't about to admit that all that she and Derrick had done down at the lake that day. It was too embarrassing.

Suzanne could read between the lines and saw her friend's pretty cheeks turn a lovely and revealing pink color. "Until he found you in his lake on a hot summer afternoon in your skivvies, am I understanding you correctly?"

Zarah shifted uncomfortably. "Well. Yes."

Suzanne burst out laughing. "Honey, why are you so upset about this? It sounds wonderful!"

Zarah cringed at her friend's enthusiasm. It wasn't wonderful, it was a disaster. A disaster that she couldn't figure out how to avoid. "Because now he wants me to help him tonight with some dinner thing and I have no idea what the evening is about, nor why he needs me specifically. Besides, the man terrifies me."

Suzanne stopped laughing, finally understanding the situation. "Okay, so he scares you. Why does he make you nervous?"

"Because I feel out of control around him, as if he could touch me and I'd...."

Suzanne's grin widened and she finished the sentence for Zarah. "Become a woman for the first time?"

Zarah rolled her eyes, immediately rejecting the assertion. "Having intercourse does not initiate one into the womanhood club."

Suzanne smiled cheekily. "No, but it certainly gives you a completely different perspective on the world and men in general."

Zarah couldn't help but laugh at her friend's optimism. "Okay, since I'm still not in the club, I'll have to take your word that it's worth the membership. I can't do anything about it until I'm married though."

Her friend tilted her head as she looked back. "I know you've said that before, but can you explain to me why you need to save yourself for the man you marry? By all accounts, you won't like or respect the man who is chosen for you when you finally dare to return home to your extremely furious brother. Besides, your groom is not saving himself for you, I can pretty much guarantee, so why wait? It's an old-fashioned and sexist attitude that perhaps should be re-examined."

Zarah was sad at the idea. Suzanne was right, but there was so much more to it than she understood. "I was hoping that I would fall in love with the man I marry."

"And have any of the previous men you've met sparked your appetite in any way?"

"No," Zarah shook her head forcefully and without hesitation.

"But from what you've said, the Duke definitely sparks your interest, am I right?"

Zarah thought about that and had to admit that Derrick was definitely at the top of the list. "Yes, but..."

"Hear me out," Suzanne interrupted. "There's nothing in the laws that say a woman has to go to her marriage bed a virgin. And if you're going to be stuck in a marriage to a man you don't like for the rest of your life, why not at least find out what all the hype is about before the wedding with a guy that knows his way around a woman's body?" She grinned and winked at Zarah. "I'm guessing from all the ladies who are pushing each other out of the way to get into the Duke's bed that he's one of those with an extremely good map!"

Zarah couldn't help but laugh at her friend's analogy. "I'll concede you have a point."

Suzanne sighed and shook her head. "But you're not going to do anything about it, are you?"

Zarah bit her lip and thought about it. "I can't promise anything right now. But I'll definitely think about it. Is that good enough?"

Suzanne clapped her hands, careful not to spill any of her wine. "Absolutely! Now show me what you're going to wear tonight."

Zarah laughed and stood up, getting into the spirit of the evening. "I don't know how formal this night will be so I was thinking about wearing my green silk dress. It could fit into several categories."

Suzanne was already shaking her head. "Wear the red one you wore that night we went to the opera. That looks fantastic on you. And you can borrow my red lipstick to really add some oomph to the night!"

Zarah thought about it and finally agreed. "Okay. The red one it is."

"Good!" They both jumped up and headed for Zarah's room where she pulled the red silk dress out of the back of her closet and dug out the box for the red satin shoes that matched. As Zarah got ready for the evening, Suzanne lounged on Zarah's bed, giving her a pep talk about all the ways she could send the signal to Derrick, or 'the Duke' as Suzanne persisted on calling him because she felt he needed the title due to his 'hotness' as she put it.

Zarah laughed at most of her suggestions, but some of them stuck in her mind. Not that she was going to do anything about making love with Derrick tonight, but she'd promised to think about it. In reality, Zarah could barely think about anything else. The swim in the lake kept creeping back to her mind and images of how wonderful it would be if Derrick would just finish what he'd started persisted in her imagination.

By the time the doorbell rang at two minutes before seven o'clock, Zarah was a nervous wreck. Suzanne had to answer the door because Zarah just stared at it as if the wood had turned into a stream of snakes that were ready to bite her at any moment.

Zarah heard Suzanne greet Derrick, and his deep voice replying, but she couldn't get her feet to move an inch, much less look as if she were ready for a casual night out with a handsome man.

Derrick came into the apartment and stopped when he took in Zarah in a figure hugging, red satin dress. His mind instantly returned to the lake, and he knew that the dress wasn't just flattering on her, but the figure underneath was truly magnificent.

"You look beautiful," he said, his voice a bit huskier than normal.

Zarah blushed and glanced down at her dress, relieved that he was wearing a charcoal grey suit with a red, silk tie. She hadn't anticipated matching him so perfectly, but he was devastatingly handsome in that dark suit and crisp, white dress shirt.

"Thank you," she finally got out, her hands fluttering around the silk of her skirt nervously. "You look exceptionally handsome yourself."

She noticed the smile in his eyes and blushed, hating that reaction.

"Are you ready to go?" he asked superfluously.

Zarah picked up the matching red clutch purse, checked to make sure she had her cell phone, wallet and Suzanne's red lipstick, grabbed her keys, then nodded. "I'm ready." She couldn't shake the feeling that tonight was going to be a turning point. There was nothing different about his attitude, except she knew that he knew what she looked like naked. Or almost naked.

She drew in a shaky breath and pulled her eyes away from his. "Yes. I'm ready I guess."

He walked up to her and took her hand in his, warming her cold fingers and giving them a reassuring squeeze. "It's going to be okay."

She wasn't sure if he thought she was nervous about whatever guests might be dining with them, or if he knew that she was afraid of being alone with him.

He led her out of the apartment, nodding his thanks to Suzanne who was leaning against the wall, an all-knowing grin on her face, excited about her part in bringing these two people together. Zarah knew that Suzanne would probably pour herself another glass of wine, have a bowl of cereal and watch a movie tonight. All of that sounded incredibly appealing as she allowed Derrick to lead her out into the night, her knees trembling with both anticipation and fear.

"Who is coming tonight that you needed my help?" she asked when he settled her into a low slung, dangerous looking, black vehicle.

He waited until he'd closed her door, then walked around the hood of the car and slipping in beside her before answering. "The Prime Minister came out to have a chat. His wife is also with him, which was why I needed help tonight. If you weren't here, Joe and I wouldn't be able to discuss whatever he wants to chat with me about."

Zarah held her breath and thought back, wondering if she'd met this particular prime minister. She didn't think so. The last British Prime Minister she'd dined with in Tasain had been about five years ago and she thought his name had been Peter or something similar. There had been so many of them who had traveled to see her brother over the years, and she'd been required to dine with them at all the events. Eventually, she'd lost track of the various elected officials. The permanent rulers, both the good and the bad, were much easier to remember since they didn't change as often.

Zarah shifted her legs to the right in a feeble, and obvious, attempt to create more space between Derrick's hand on the gear shift and her thigh. He saw through her attempt and glanced at her with a small grin, which caused her to blush once again. She had to stop doing that!

"So what do you need to talk with the Prime Minister about?" she asked to distract him from her embarrassment.

Derrick put the car into gear and pulled out of the parking lot. "I have no idea. This dinner request was a surprise to me. He called this afternoon, said he would be in town and asked if he could stop by."

"Isn't that a bit unusual?" she asked, knowing that rulers of powerful countries normally had their schedules fixed far in advance and changes were rare and difficult to adjust.

The vehicle ate up the distance from her apartment to his home quickly and effortlessly. "Not really. Joe and I have been friends for a while. He stops by every once in a while when he needs advice or just a break from the obnoxious politics and wants an honest answer."

That was a stunning comment. "Why doesn't he just ask his advisors?"

She saw his small laugh and wondered about it. "Because they are all politically motivated in one way or another. Every once in a while, Joe needs the unvarnished truth. I'm sure I'm not the only one he talks to when he has economic issues he needs to work through though. I'm just one friend who won't white wash the issue."

With an understanding glance she said, "You're also one of the first he comes to?"

Derrick shrugged as if the prime minister needing guidance or advice was a small issue. "Joe is a good guy. He doesn't ask questions lightly, but he doesn't want all the political negotiations to overwhelm a good plan of action."

Zarah wondered about that. She knew that Derrick had to be wealthy in order to maintain the residence here but she realized that she really didn't know much about what he does. "Who do you work for?" she finally asked.

He chuckled. "I don't work for anyone. People work for me."

"So you are....?"

He pulled up outside his house, turned off the engine and turned to face her. "You know who I am."

She looked up into his handsome face and shook her head. "I really don't."

He smiled and touched her cheek with his finger. "That makes you even more incredible then."

Zarah tried to hide the shiver that raced down her neck and arm with his touch, but he saw it, felt it and his eyes lit up. He leaned forward and gently kissed her. She knew it was going to happen, knew she should pull away, but the enticement was too powerful, too alluring and she couldn't resist the temptation.

Her hand lifted of its own accord to touch his face and she didn't even realize that she was the one who deepened the kiss. Derrick was in full support though. At the first indication that she wasn't going to pull away, he tilted his head and put a hand to the back of her head, holding her in place as his tongue tasted her sweetness, pulling her forward...

The knock on the window startled both of them. Zarah looked around Derrick who was too busy sighing with frustration. "It's Joe," he said with resignation.

Zarah looked through the window at the handsome man smiling into the car with a huge grin on his face. When his fingers did a little wave, Zarah couldn't help but smile back at him. "I think you're correct."

"I know I'm right." He pulled away and yanked the door open. "No one else would be so rude as to interrupt an interlude but Joe."

Joe laughed heartily and a moment later, both men were giving the macho man hug with rib breaking smacks on the back as they greeted one another. "Why the hell did you have to interrupt, old man? You know where the door is."

Joe laughed harder as he pulled back, then wrapped his arm around a lovely blond woman who was standing to his side, rolling her eyes and smiling apologetically towards Zarah. "I'm so sorry. I tried to drag him away, but he insisted that you were being mauled, my dear," she said to Zarah who was just coming around the front of the car.

Derrick was glowering at the new couple, but he put his arm around Zarah's waist as soon as she came around and introduced her to them. "Zarah, this is Joe and Alicia. Joe pretends to be important, but it's really Alicia who runs the country."

Joe laughed harder and Alicia smiled brightly. "You're too kind. And too accurate!" she laughed.

"Guys, this is Zarah," he said and looked down at her. "Actually, I don't know your last name, do I?" he said as the realization occurred to him. "What is your last name?"

Zarah couldn't take the risk that he would recognize her family name, so she stepped forward and took Alicia's hand in hers, greeting her warmly. "It's an honor to meet you, Alicia."

The older woman smiled brightly and covered Zarah's hand with hers. "It's a delight to finally meet someone who flusters our handsome Derrick as much as he does the ladies."

Zarah blushed as both Joe and Alicia laughed while Derrick rolled his eyes. "Don't scare her away, Alicia. She's been running from me for the past week."

Alicia's startled eyes came back to survey Zarah. "You're running from him?" She linked arms with Zarah's and led her inside. "Oh, this is a delicious story! I've never heard of a woman running from Derrick. Usually it's him who is trying to escape from their sticky little grasps. Women certainly don't run away."

Joe reached up to slap Derrick as they too turned to enter the house. "Losing your touch?" Joe asked.

Derrick wanted desperately to tell his old friend off, but he knew that any kind of irritation would only whet Joe's interest even more so he tried to downplay his accidental comment. "She's just a friend."

Joe laughed and shook his head. "Alicia would kill me if I treated my friends like you were treating Zarah a few moments ago. Don't even try to hide it, old man."

Derrick thought a change of subject was a good idea. "What the hell are you doing out here tonight anyway?"

"Can't two friends get together for a nice, relaxing dinner once in a while?"

"Of course," Derrick replied as he closed the front door and guided Joe into the great room where Alicia and Zarah were already seated. "But you're not one of those men who know how to relax, so cut the crap and tell me what's going on so I can get you out of my house."

Joe laughed even harder while it was Alicia's turn to roll her eyes. "He needs your financial advice, but doesn't he always?" Alicia called from the sofa.

Derrick raised an eyebrow in Joe's direction. "What have you done now?"

"It isn't what I've done. It's what I think the banks are trying to convince me to do. I'll run their suggestion by you after you've fed me so you can tell me what you think."

Zarah heard the words and desperately wished she could be a part of that discussion. She'd helped so many people in the village to increase their business and get them online so their presence could expand, but right now, hearing the prime minister talk of a potential top down, country wide banking policy change, her mind was distracted from Alicia's conversation as she tried to come up with reasons why she should be part of the men's discussion. This was exactly what she'd been arguing with Rashid about, even though he'd never consider Derrick as a potential husband.

Zarah looked over at him. He was so tall, incredibly handsome and intelligent. Wouldn't it be nice if Rashid would allow her to choose her own husband? And would she pick Derrick? What would her life be like here in Great Britain? She loved her home in Tasain but had been raised to know that she would be married off to a ruler, to live in another country. Great Britain was so much cooler than she was used to, and there was so much green in the trees and the lush countryside.

But no, this man was not meant to be her husband. She didn't think Rashid would think him protective enough. Was that his only criteria though? Could she change his mind and add in something that would give her hope in her future?

She sighed and re-focused on Alicia. She was telling Zarah about how she'd met Joe and as she listened, she found herself fascinated by the woman. No wonder Alicia and Joe were such a powerful couple and had risen to such heights within the British government. Joe was handsome and obviously intelligent, but nowhere near as handsome or tall as Derrick. But the man had charm in spades. As they moved from the great room to the dining room, Joe and Derrick told stories of their college times, making all four of them laugh with the antics the two of them got up to. They all laughed throughout the meal, enjoying the company and the excellent food. Zarah was immensely glad she'd accepted Derrick's invitation for the evening. This was much better than watching a movie with a bowl of cereal.

As Derrick's housekeeper brought in the dessert, Joe said something that Zarah found interesting. Or more specifically, Derrick's reaction to Joe's comment was interesting.

"So what's this I hear about a festival in this little village of yours?"

Derrick leaned back in his chair and glared at his friend. "It isn't my little village, Joe."

"You know what I mean. They adopted you because of that bastard of a father you had and now, from what I can figure out, you're taking them to the next level and bringing their cottage industries out of bankruptcy."

"Drop it, Joe."

Alicia glanced between her husband and Derrick, just as Zarah was trying to figure out the unspoken messages. "Is something going on that I should know about?"

"No," Derrick replied firmly, but smiled to soften the rejection.

Joe opened his mouth to say something, then shut it with a small shake of his head. "I admire what you're doing for them. They are a wonderful group of people and I'm sorry that the re-zoning I pushed through last year didn't help enough to get them over the top financially."

"You did what you could. And that helped more than you know."

"Would you like me to show up at the festival? I could drop by in the afternoon and get them some press."

Derrick thought about that for a moment, turning to Zarah with a raised eyebrow. "Zarah has taken on the project so I'll leave it up to her. What do you think?"

Zarah took a deep breath and glanced between the two men. In the end, she had to shake her head. "I appreciate the offer, but I don't think the village business owners are organized enough for that kind of publicity. They are getting there, but their inventory systems are painfully out of date, their understanding of marketing techniques are antiquated and they need a stronger financial base. If you showed up during the weekend, the press would definitely be there and the publicity would be huge, but their inventories might not be able to handle the influx of customers and there could be a frustration backlash from the visitors." She smiled gently. "Perhaps next year when they are more organized and veterans of the weekend festival circuit?" Then she glanced nervously at Derrick, realizing that she'd just overstepped her position. "I mean, if there's going to be a festival next year, that is."

She saw the praise in his eyes for her understanding of the village business owners' weaknesses and her appreciation for what they can handle. She suspected that he also approved of the way she'd handled the prime minister, rejecting his offer but providing an explanation so that he wouldn't be offended.

"What Zarah is delicately trying to tell you Joe," Alicia said with a soft laugh, "is that you'd probably bring the wrong types of people and they don't want your kind around." Everyone at the table laughed at her teasing before she said, "Now I could show up and it wouldn't be a problem, would it?" she offered.

Zarah considered that suggestion and thought it might be a good idea. "I think that might be a better option. Your presence would be a wonderful boost to the festival, giving it a bit more legitimacy but not overwhelming the villagers with the press."

"Oh, there will still be a ton of press," Joe corrected with a chuckle. "This woman tends to bring those idiots swarming. But you're probably right about me showing up versus my lovely wife."

Alicia turned to her husband and rolled her eyes. "Of course she's right. I'm exactly what the festival needs whereas you would ruin things."

He turned to Derrick. "I love the way she boosts my ego with her charming wit."

Derrick shook his head. "Don't get me involved in this conversation. I'm not taking sides."

They all laughed once again before digging into the fluffy raspberry dessert with white chocolate drizzled over the top. It was a delightful evening and Zarah was actually sad to see the couple take their leave. As soon as the door was closed, Derrick turned to face Zarah.

She noticed the dark, passionate look in his eyes immediately and backed up a step. "You're going to take me back to my apartment."

He took a step towards her. "I am?"

She understood his intent and was determined to not fall into his arms again. "Yes. You are."

"Why would I do that? I have you here almost exactly where I want you."

"Almost?" she asked breathlessly.

"Well, you're in my house, the door is closed, we're alone..." His voice trailed off, leaving the rest of his statement unsaid.

"But this isn't where you want me?"

He shook his head and continued his forward movement towards her. "You're not naked and in my bed so no, you're not exactly where I want you. But we're getting close," he said softly.

Zarah looked behind her and saw the stairway. She took a deep breath and shook her head. "I want to go home."

He smiled and reached out, his fingers picking up one of the curls laying on her shoulder. "No you don't."

"I don't?" She licked her lips as she watched him move just a bit closer. When his large hand settled on her waist, his long fingers slightly massaging her hip, she shivered with anticipation.

"No. You don't want to go back to your cold, unwelcoming bed where you'd climb into cold sheets and lay awake, staring at the ceiling thinking about what I could be doing to you and with you."

She felt her heartbeat increase and her breathing was suddenly extremely ragged. "Oh."

"You want to stay here with me. You want to find out what it would be like to finish what we started last week. You've been thinking about it every time you saw me. Every time you've run away and hidden from me as if I might hurt you."

Zarah knew that he was right. She'd wanted to find out what it would be like to lay in his arms and feel his body press against hers, to find fulfillment in his embrace and know what it was like to be a woman. She wanted this man to show her what making love was all about. She briefly thought back to all the men she'd met for either lunch or dinner before she'd run away from her brother's protection and she knew that she didn't want any of those men to touch her. Not the way she wanted Derrick to touch her.

Suzanne's voice came into her head, urging her to take the leap, to go with Derrick and let the future figure itself out. She knew that her brother hadn't been a virgin when he'd married Sidra, why was she held to a different standard simply because she was a woman? There was something about pregnancy and her husband needing to know that any children were from his seed, but she banished that from her mind. She didn't want to think about bearing any other man's children. She wanted Derrick and focused solely on him and the way he made her feel just with one hand on her body.

"Yes," she finally said.

Derrick had been watching the play of emotions rush across those beautiful features. One day he was going to find out what was happening behind those lovely eyes, why she hid her last name and left the village at the same time each Saturday to make a phone call in London. There was a mystery surrounding this woman that he was determined to unravel.

But right now, he didn't want to think about that. He wanted to just take her into his arms and make love to her until she couldn't think about any other problems or any other man, and she was screaming out his name as he brought her such intense fulfillment.

He didn't care what had changed her mind or convinced her to stay. He was just relieved that she was going to be with him tonight.

"You won't regret this decision, Zarah," he groaned as he pulled her up against his chest. He covered her mouth so she couldn't tell him that she knew that it was a good decision. So she showed him with her response instead. She pressed herself against him, her body rubbing sensuously against his hard frame and making her body ache for more of his touch.

The world tilted suddenly and Zarah's arms wrapped around his neck as his strong arms picked her up and carried her up the stairway, quickly ascending the stone steps and down the dimly lit hallway. He shouldered his way through an arched door and Zarah looked around at his magnificent bedroom that looked exactly like a medieval king's master suite should look. The stone walls were covered with tapestries and heavy furniture, even a knight's armor standing at attention in one corner.

She took it all in with one swift glance before her eyes found the large, canopy bed covered in red velvet. There was a thick carpet covering the floor and Derrick slowly lowered her feet to the floor right beside the bed.

"You look absolutely gorgeous in red, by the way." Derrick looked down at her, his hands moving up and down her arms, tickling her overly sensitive skin.

"Thank you," she whispered.

He lifted her hands, placing them on his chest. He then moved closer, pulling her against him as he bent low, taking her lips with his. The kiss started off gently, but quickly increased in pressure as both of them stepped closer. Zarah lifted herself up onto her toes, wanting more of the kiss and she opened her mouth, wanting more. He quickly complied and Zarah gasped as his hands lifted her higher into his arms as his mouth took control, his tongue diving into hers and teasing her, tasting her.

When his mouth pulled away, she felt bereft but quickly found that she liked the way his mouth felt against her ear, nibbling along the shell and moving downward to her neck. Zarah tilted her head, giving him better access while her fingers clumsily pulled at the tie around his neck, loosening the knot and tossing the material to the side. She had trouble unbuttoning his shirt while he sent shivers racing down her body from the kisses along her collar bone, but she eventually managed and thrilled to the touch of his skin under her palms. Her fingers ran along the smooth, muscled expanse of his chest, reveling in the textures and the freedom.

She felt the zipper on the back of her dress slide downward and arched her body into his because the feeling of the zipper tickled her slightly.

When her dress loosened around her, she felt his fingers dive into her hair and he pulled her against him, kissing her passionately as he gently pushed the dress down her body. The material pooled around her feet but he didn't stop the passionate embrace, but instead deepened the feelings as his hands moved to the back clasp of her bra. His expert fingers had that tiny scrap of material released and swept away within moments and Zarah felt as if her breasts actually swelled with pride when his hands moved up her waist and settled just underneath each breast.

He lifted her up once again, placing her in the center of his large bed. As he looked down at her, Zarah wanted to both let him take his fill of her nakedness, but she also wanted to cover herself, almost afraid of the heat transmitting through his eyes.

"Don't be afraid," Derrick said, watching her closely and seeing the worry start to form. "You're beautiful," he said as he quickly removed his clothes, tossing them behind him and uncaring of where the tailored pieces landed as long as he could swiftly get back to this incredible woman laying on his bed. He felt as if it had been years since he'd first seen her in the shop for the first time but it had only been about a month. That was a long time for Derrick but he wouldn't trade this night, or the sweet courtship of the last few weeks, for anything. He might have been frustrated as hell, but he'd enjoyed every moment of being with her.

His eyes slid down her body, amazed at how perfect she was. Her beautiful breasts had those dark pink peaks that his mouth was aching to feel. Her narrow waist flared slightly to luscious hips and long, perfect legs.

His fingers slid up those extensive legs, skimming along the surface and smiling when she wiggled underneath his touch. When he reached the black lace thong, he considered leaving them on because she looked so damn sexy with the lace covering such a small part of her. But in the end, he wanted her completely naked with nothing stopping his touch. So his fingers hooked into that tempting lace, pulling it down her legs and tossing it to the side.

She bent her legs slightly, as if to hide that glorious apex that he was determined to explore tonight. But she couldn't hide herself from him. He put a knee to the side of her and a hand on each side of her shoulders, looking down at her before he lowered his body to hers, gritting his teeth at how perfect she felt, naked and warm and willing.

"You're beautiful," he growled as his mouth nuzzled her neck, smiling when she shivered. He moved lower, slowly making his way towards his goal. His hands cupped her breasts, his thumbs teasing those ripe nipples that so fascinated him. And when his mouth finally reached one peak, he hesitated, feeling her whole body stiffen with anticipation.

He didn't disappoint. Zarah gasped when she felt his mouth take one of her nipples into his mouth, fighting the urge to push him away because the feelings his teeth and tongue elicited were too strong, too powerful. He moved from one breast to the other, his fingers and hands taking over where his mouth left off and Zarah thought she might simply explode in a ball of fire and heat.

She breathed a sigh of relief when his mouth moved off of her breasts, kissing his way down her stomach. But her mind finally figured out where he was going next. It was confirmed when his hand skimmed along her thigh, ticking her skin once again. "Don't do that," she laughed and tried to catch his hand.

Instead, she found her hand captured as he moved back up her body, her hands lifted over her head as he looked down at her. "Open for me, Zarah. I promise you will like it."

Zarah took a deep, shuddering breath and relaxed her legs, trusting him. The victory in his eyes almost scared her as his large body moved between her legs. He released her hands and started the journey back down her body and this time, there was no turning back. He kissed her breasts until she was writhing under him, then moved down her body, kissing her thighs, her hips, his finger teasing that secret place that no man had ever seen before.

When she felt one long finger slide inside her, she arched against him a moment, but the feeling was too good and she relaxed, enjoying the way he moved that finger in and out, her moisture making the path easy.

Her fingers were on his shoulders, clenching the muscles as her body experienced a man's touch for the first time but as he moved lower, her fingers moved to his hair. She almost bolted upright when she felt the heat of his mouth where his finger had been, then he slid that finger back inside of her while his mouth and tongue explored. She fell back against the mattress and, within moments, she was exploding, falling apart and crying out her release as wave after wave of intense pleasure danced through her body.

Derrick watched as her orgasm lifted her up, then back down as it softened but continued. He loved the way she felt, so hot and tight and amazingly sweet. He moved up her body, enjoying the intense pleasure of giving her that kind of a release. But now he wanted more and he kissed her body, not allowing her to relax because the night was not nearly over.

He settled between her legs, lifting her knees so that one leg was around his waist. As he slid inside of her, he watched her face. She was surprised by the invasion, but her body was more than ready to accept him. He closed his eyes briefly as her heat closed around him, feeling so good he had to concentrate to not climax himself.

Zarah arched and shifted her hips, trying to relax and let her body accept all of him but this was too new for her. Her hands gripped his shoulders once again and she bit her lip as the pain stabbed her momentarily. Nervously, she glanced up at Derrick to see if he noticed, but his jaw was tight and his eyes closed.

When he stopped, Zarah took a deep breath, trying to relax her muscles and become more comfortable with him like this. But it was difficult. He was a large man and she was too new to all of this. When he started moving, she initially grabbed his arms, trying to stop him. But then the friction caught her and she gasped. All thoughts of stopping him flew away, replaced by the desire for him to move once again. She almost laughed when he did just that, without her asking him to. She lifted her hips this time, taking all of him once again and loved the way he felt as he shifted inside of her.

As he picked up the pace, there was no more thinking on Zarah's part. All she could do was hold onto him, knowing that he would keep her safe. When her body exploded once again, this time more intense and longer, she cried out and wrapped her legs around him, holding him as closely as possible as the storm exploded.

Derrick couldn't hold back any longer. As her body convulsed around her, he pushed into her harder, faster. And as she cried out, he felt his own climax overtake him. Nothing like this had ever happened to him and he held her close as they slowly drifted on the plateau of incredible pleasure before sliding gently, ever so softly back down to earth together.

Chapter 9

Zarah woke up to something tickling her back. She didn't feel like opening her eyes because she was still so tired from the previous evening. "No," she whispered and snuggled down into the soft sheets.

Derrick laughed at her stubborn expression but wasn't relenting. "You have to wake up sooner or later, Zarah."

"Later," she sighed, still with her eyes closed. But consciousness was seeping in despite her best efforts to remain asleep. The light from the window was hitting her eyes as the sun made its way higher into the morning sky and she felt Derrick's heat from his chest on her back. The heat was so intense, she was actually feeling uncomfortable and wanted to throw off the sheet. But that would give him more of a reason to think she was awake and she was just too tired right now. "Go away," she growled.

In response, he nibbled along her neckline, teasing the sensitive skin he'd discovered on her back. "You should know by now that I'm not letting you get away with that."

Zarah stretched out and tried to put just a few inches between her back and his chest. "You're too hot," she complained. "Move over."

Derrick surveyed the beautiful back that was all he could see at the moment, contemplating how to get her out of bed. His housekeeper was downstairs with breakfast ready and he knew that she had a meeting with several of the village shop owners in less than an hour. But as his eyes moved down her back, taking in her adorable back side, he couldn't stop himself. His hand moved slowly down her spine, tickling her as he made a path to her bottom, which he knew from last night she didn't like him to touch for some reason. It was perfect, he thought, with a round shape and long legs. His hands had cupped that bottom several times in the heat of their passion and she hadn't minded then. It was only when he wasn't inside of her that she shook her head.

But she was asleep now. And he intended to take full advantage of her desire to try and ignore him. He considered it his civic duty to get her fully conscious so she could make it to her meeting this morning. He'd even go with her if it would help, he thought as his mouth followed the same path his hand had just taken. He heard her grumble when he reached the middle of her back. When he was at the base of her spine, she rolled over, not allowing his mouth to travel further downward.

He didn't mind in the least. Her action had given him full access to her full, round breasts and he noticed that her nipples were already hard and waiting for his attention. He wasn't one to ignore that kind of plea, he thought as he lowered his head and took one of her succulent nipples into his mouth, his teeth closing on the peak.

Zarah was definitely no longer asleep. In fact, she was definitely awake and her body wrapping itself around Derrick one more time. "You're horrible," she groaned as she lifted her legs, wrapping them around his waist.

"You needed a wakeup call." He gritted his teeth in an effort to hold back, but in the end, he needed to be inside her too much. Grabbing a condom from his bedside table, he sheathed himself quickly, then slid into her tight heat, holding her gently but firmly as her hips rose up to meet him and invite him into her body.

Zarah bit her lip as she instantly tightened around him. When he rolled over, still deep inside her, she gasped and looked down, her hair a tangled mess around her face but the new position felt different. She pulled her knees to his side and placed her hands on his chest to steady herself, then followed his unspoken instructions as his hands clasped her hips, raising her higher, then pulling her back onto his erection. "Oh my," she gasped and found a rhythm that she liked, feeling powerful and sensuous.

Derrick thought she was the sexiest woman alive as she instantly grasped onto this new way of making love. He still couldn't believe that he was her first lover, but each time he thought about it, he was thrilled that she'd trusted him with this experience. And he wanted to make it better and better for her.

He wasn't sure he had a choice in that matter anyway. Zarah was gorgeous and uninhibited, shy at times, but when he encouraged her to embrace her sexuality, he thrilled to the way she let go. It drove him wild and he could barely maintain his own control.

Such as right now as she moved in the way that made her feel good. Just watching her, with her head back, her breasts thrust forward and her hips shifting so that she had maximum pleasure was making him insane! He reached down to help her climax more quickly, not sure if he could hold out at this rate. As soon as he pressed his thumb against that magic button, he marveled at the way her body exploded with her climax. He could only watch for a moment though because her body tightening around his made his orgasm come fast and hard and he grabbed her hips with both hands, moving her faster and harder, taking control even while she was on top.

When she collapsed on top of him, he loved the way her hair splayed out all over his bare chest, feeling like silk against his skin. As their breathing slowly returned to normal, he ran his hand through her hair, soothing her with the rhythmic motion.

"What did you say about a wakeup call?" she asked, sighing with happiness when she could finally form a thought.

Derrick regretted that reality had to invade their private world once again. "I thought you mentioned a meeting with some of the business owners this morning," he said as he pushed her hair back off of her cheek. "I was trying to be a gentleman and not let you be late after I kept you up so late last night."

Zarah gasped and looked around for a clock. When she spotted the time on his bedside table, she knew she was going to be late. "Oh no!" she groaned and jumped out of Derrick's bed. She grabbed his shirt that she'd torn off of him last night and pulled it around her. "Where's your bathroom?" she asked, grabbing her clothes from the various places on the floor where it had fallen after he'd taken them off of her last night.

"Right behind you," he said as he pushed himself up and watched her. He was fascinated by her long, slender legs as she hurried around the room, trying desperately to gather up her belongings and still maintain her modesty by clutching his shirt around her. But she was too tiny and the shirt had so much material, she was losing her grasp of her dress and underclothes as she tried to find his bathroom. In the end, he got out of the bed and helped her, handing her the shoe and bra that she dropped. He led her into the bathroom and turned on the shower for her. "I'll shower in another bathroom. Otherwise, you'll definitely be late." He kissed the top of her head and headed out of the area. "I'll meet you in ten minutes for breakfast."

"I don't have time for breakfast," she called back, watching to make sure he was going to leave the bathroom before she let his shirt drop from her shoulders.

Derrick knew exactly what she was doing and laughed softly. He stopped leaving the bathroom and walked over to her. Bending down, he kissed the top of her head then swatted her cute bottom. He chuckled when he heard her squeak while he walked out and closed the door to give her some privacy.

Fifteen minutes later, he was surprised to see her coming out of his bedroom, fully dressed but with her hair twisted into a knot on the back of her head and his shirt covering her cocktail dress from the night before. He was impressed because women, in his experience, took hours to look this good. He finished buttoning his shirt as he walked up to her. "You even smell delicious," he said as he bent down and nuzzled her neck.

"None of that!" she said but laughed at his tickling.

"Definitely more of that," he countered but put an arm around her waist. "But later. Now I need sustenance because you wore me out last night."

Zarah smacked him lightly on his flat, hard stomach because of that comment. "I didn't do anything last night! You're the one who kept bothering me. I was sleeping innocently, trying to regain my energy while you were merciless."

He laughed as they descended the stairs, hugging her gently. "I plan on depleting your energy again tonight. What time are you finished with meetings and work at Mary's place?"

Zarah considered her schedule, ignoring her guilt at being with a man outside of marriage. Rashid was a wonderful brother, but she wouldn't let him take away this kind of happiness. She would be extra careful about the pregnancy issue, but for right now, she was going to enjoy Derrick as much as possible. She had five more months before she promised to come home and fulfill her royal obligations to marry some disgusting man. For now, she was just a woman in....love?

Derrick was pulling out the chair in a pretty little sun room where he obviously ate breakfast each morning since it was set up with coffee and tea already. "What's wrong?" he asked, instantly sensing that something had changed in her.

Zarah looked up at the handsome man who was still holding the back of her chair. Was she really in love with this man? He was incredibly striking, wildly passionate and brought out feelings in her that she didn't know existed. His confidence and intelligence were so attractive that, seeing his confidence or brilliance in action, sometimes sent a shiver down her back with excitement. But was it love? Or was it simple lust?

Lust implied a physical attraction, which she definitely felt with Derrick. But what she was feeling right now was much more than just a physical need or interest. It was deeper, more intense. Could it be love?

She was suddenly sad because she didn't want to be in love with a man she couldn't spend the rest of her life with. She wanted to fall in love with her husband, to grow old with him and fight with him and raise a family side by side with the man.

"Nothing," she said and looked down at her lap as she placed her napkin across her thighs, smoothing it out for an additional moment to get her facial features back under control.

"That look wasn't 'nothing'," he countered as he took the chair across from her. He didn't press immediately because his housekeeper bustled into the room, carrying warm croissants and muffins along with a huge bowl of freshly cut fruit with brightly colored berries and watermelon.

"This looks delicious!" she commented, smiling at the grandmotherly housekeeper. The kind woman smiled warmly before leaving the two of them alone to converse.

"What was that about?" Derrick asked, pouring her some tea, then lifting the coffee pot for himself.

"What are you talking about?" she asked, stirring lemon and honey into her tea, pretending ignorance because she didn't want to answer his question. She even lowered her eyes because he always seemed to be able to figure out when she was lying to him.

"Zarah, talk to me. What's on your mind?"

The soft, gentle voice was still firm, but she could hear the tenderness in his voice. "I just have a lot to finish with the festival coming up in a few weeks."

Derrick could tell that she was holding something back from him, but had no idea what that might be. He wanted to lift her into his arms and carry her back to his bed because she was honest with her reactions when they were there. She couldn't hide anything from him, he wouldn't let her and demanded that she reciprocate and tell him what she wanted. Something in her eyes told him that she was upset, but he couldn't imagine what had changed in the last few moments, but he suspected it had something to do with the phone calls she went into London to make each week.

A thought occurred to him and he was instantly furious. Slamming his coffee cup onto the saucer, he leaned forward and glared at her. "You aren't married, are you Zarah?"

Zarah was so startled by his question and anger that she almost dropped her cup. "Of course not!" she replied instantly. "Where did that question come from?"

Derrick watched her, relieved because her response was quick. She didn't have to think about it, therefore, it sounded more honest. He accepted her answer simply because he didn't want to consider that she was married and would lie to him. And then he remembered that she'd been a virgin until last night and his shoulders relaxed. "Sorry. It just occurred to me that your weekly jaunts into London might be to visit with your husband or lawyer."

Her eyebrows went down with her increasing temper. "If I were married, I definitely wouldn't cheat on my husband!"

Since he'd remembered that she was completely his, he smiled and winked at her, more at ease with that realization. "I know you wouldn't."

"Then why did you ask such a horrible question?"

"Because I know you're hiding something and being married at your age and with your looks it seemed like a reasonable assumption. But I apologize for maligning your character in that way."

She continued to glare at him, but his apology appeased her. Mostly. "Thank you for that."

"So will you tell me what the weekly visit and phone call are about?"

"No."

Derrick nodded, accepting that she trusted him in bed with her body and care, but there were some parts of her that she still felt she needed to keep hidden. For now. Eventually, he would know everything about her. "Okay."

She was startled by that response, not sure what it meant. "Okay? Just okay?"

He laughed and picked up his fork, stabbing a bright, red strawberry and bringing it to his mouth. "Do you want me to interrogate you? A bit of torture to find out what you're hiding?"

"Of course not."

"Then I'll accept that you'll soon learn that you can trust me and will tell me what's going on each Saturday morning. Until then, I'll pick you up from work and will make love to you until you can't move any longer." He stabbed another strawberry and brought it to her lips, watching as her pretty, white teeth bit down on the succulent fruit. "You'll learn to trust me outside of the bedroom eventually, Zarah."

He held her gaze for a long moment, but his housekeeper coming back into the room distracted him. Zarah's heart rate slowly returned to normal and she savored the fruit while sipping her fragrant tea. Derrick had to take a phone call and she listened, amazed at the large sums of money he worked with on a daily basis. He was apparently buying up some ailing corporation and challenging one of his vice president's assumptions on the cost to bring the company back to profitability.

When he finished the phone call, he apologized and tucked the phone back into his pocket. "Time to get you home so you can change for your meeting," he said.

Zarah was grateful for the ride back to her apartment. Thankfully Suzanne wasn't home because Derrick insisted on walking her to her door and kissing her passionately before letting her go inside to change. Zarah blushed when he stepped away because he knew she was thinking about the things they'd done the previous night. "What time will you be finished tonight?" he asked as he unlocked her door, then handed her keys back to her.

"I think Mary needs me until about six o'clock."

"Okay. I'll pick you up then." He didn't ask, and Zarah didn't reject his offer. She was happy to be able to anticipate seeing him again tonight. He kissed her once again briefly, then hurried down the stairway before disappearing from her site.

Zarah's day was wonderful. She floated through her meetings with the shop owners, answered all of their questions, checked on the status of various issues for the festival and sold ten more dresses to villagers while working in Mary's shop. Mary smiled with glee at her increasing profits and during Zarah's downtime in the shop she worked on building a web site for Mary's dresses. She'd start off slowly with about twenty designs, then expand as Mary learned how to get her distribution processes in place.

And the whole day, she kept smiling over the fact that she would be seeing Derrick soon.

When he arrived a bit before six o'clock, Zarah was helping a customer from another village. Zarah tried to pretend he wasn't there but his large presence was hard to ignore. Mary came up to him, flirting outrageously and laughing at his compliments back to her. Even the new customer saw Derrick and blushed even though the woman had to be at least sixty years old. It was sweet the way Derrick made every female think she was special.

He took her back to the castle that night and his housekeeper fed them a delicious meal of grilled steaks with some sort of creamy potato and steamed vegetables. It was an elegant meal but Zarah loved the way it was just the two of them, his housekeeper having left everything in the oven for them and then disappeared. Over a bottle of wine, she and Derrick talked about the festival, about his work and what had happened over the day. By the time the sun had set, Derrick pulled her into his arms and Zarah went willingly, eager to experience his magical touch once again.

By the time the weekend rolled around, Zarah knew that she was in love with Derrick. He was kind, gentle, passionate, intelligent and one of the most interesting men she'd ever met. She didn't understand why he was doing something so generous for the villagers but knew that there was a story behind all of it, something the other villagers wouldn't reveal to her. It might be because she was an outsider, or because they had all worked so hard to get the two of them together and whatever secret there was could be a problem.

She didn't know and didn't care. She was so in love with him that she actually missed his company during the day. The festival was coming together perfectly and vendors were lining up, eager to sell their wares along with the village shop owners. So it was wonderful to give Derrick daily reports and see the admiration on his handsome face at her progress. She eagerly accepted his suggestions, incorporating them into the plans because she respected his intelligence so much and his ideas turned out to be ingenious.

She woke up on Saturday morning and sighed with resentment at having to take the time to drive all the way to London just to call her brother. Reassuring him was becoming a burden that she didn't feel was necessary. As she curled up against Derrick's muscular chest for a few more precious moments with him, she considered various ways she could try and convince Rashid that she was fine and didn't need to marry some disgusting man. After having been with Derrick the past week, she knew that she couldn't marry another man. She was so in love with Derrick that the idea of another man touching her was repulsive.

With a sigh of resignation, she slipped out of Derrick's bed and headed for the bathroom. She had to get this phone call out of the way so they could enjoy their weekend. She showered quickly, then pulled on a clean pair of khaki slacks. She'd started bringing a change of clothes with her to Derrick's each day, knowing that she would be spending the night with him and the thought of putting on the previous day's clothes each morning and hurrying back to the apartment she shared with Suzanne to change clothes was just silly. It wasn't as if she didn't know that she would be spending the night with him, in his arms and in his enormous bed.

Zarah smiled as she pulled a sweater over her head to ward off the early morning chill. She was looking at Derrick as he slept, amazed at how muscular his body was. She had no idea what he did to build up those muscles, she'd never seen him work out except when he swam in his lake. But the lake wasn't large enough for him to get that buff. Maybe he did something during the day, she wondered. She'd have to ask him tonight, she told herself as she picked up her overnight back and stuffed the previous day's clothes inside.

Downstairs, she smiled at his housekeeper but shook her head when the kind woman suggested a cup of tea before heading out. "Thank you, but I've got to rush. I'll grab something when I get back to my place."

Zarah hurried down the road, enjoying the birds singing and the cool air that was almost misty at this time of the morning. The dew on the grass made everything look surreal and she hummed an old song that had been going through her head as she walked quickly back to her apartment.

Suzanne was still asleep, so Zarah put her overnight bag down and wrote her friend a note, letting her know that she was taking her car and driving into London for the weekly call to her brother.

She drove for forty-five minutes, finding a new spot by one of the larger shopping malls. She hurried to put the battery back into her cell phone and turn it on. She wanted this phone call over with so she could get back to Derrick. They didn't have any specific plans for the day, but it would be nice to be able to spend a whole day with him. She hoped he was counting on that as well. As she dialed her brother's phone number, she wondered if maybe they could take a picnic lunch back down to the lake and spend the day swimming. The morning had started off cool, but it was going to be pretty hot once the sun was fully up in the sky.

She heard the rings and counted to five before Rashid finally picked up. That was odd, she thought. Normally he was expecting her call and answered on the first ring.

"Where are you, Zarah?" her older brother demanded harshly.

Zarah took a moment to calm down. The authority in that tone of voice always intimidated her. He had been able to do that since she'd been a little girl but she wasn't little any longer and she was not going to take it now.

"I'm fine. And you probably know my general area, so let's just leave it at that."

"I'm not going to leave it there. You need to come home immediately. This ridiculous adventure of yours is not worthy of your status in Tasain. You know your responsibilities. We all have been fully aware since we were children."

Zarah closed her eyes and thought of Derrick. "I am aware of what is expected of me," she said, then took a deep breath. "And I'm not going to follow through Rashid. I'm not marrying any random man you pick out in the hopes that I'll have some tepid feelings for him as we grow old together. I'm not having a stranger touch me or bearing his children. I'm done, Rashid."

There was a long moment of silence while Zarah leaned against a tree nervously. The longer the silence lasted, the more tense she became. "This is not an appropriate attitude for someone of your station, Zarah. Come home and we'll discuss options, but I'm not going to do this over the phone."

She was already shaking her head. "No. I'll be home soon, possibly sooner than the twelve months I'd originally gave you," she replied, thinking of Derrick and how long his past affairs had lasted. She had maybe three months with him if she was lucky, according to the village gossip. But he would eventually move on to another woman. Zarah was aware of his track record and, even though it hurt her painfully to think of him moving on to another woman, she was still going to enjoy as much time as possible with him while it lasted. That sounded a bit pathetic, but she didn't care at this point. "But even when I come back to Tasain, I'm not going to marry a stranger. I'll do something else to help the people and live up to my position in the royal family, but marriage is out of the equation."

Another long, tense moment while Zarah waited for her brother's response. Finally, she heard his sigh and he said, "What's happened, Zarah?" he asked, his tone much more gentle. "Are you okay?"

Zarah could have taken the anger or commands. But this new, gentle tone broke through her control. She was already weepy from thinking about the limited time she had with Derrick so his words caused the tears to flow unchecked. "Oh, Rashid," she said with a sob, covering her face with her free hand as her shoulders drooped with the overwhelming sadness she was feeling now. "I've done something stupid, but I don't regret it."

"Have you been with a man?"

"Yes. I love him, Rashid. He's wonder....." Zarah felt the hand on her upper arms and looked around, shocked and suddenly terrified. "What....?"

The men were tall and bulky with dark suits and stern expressions. Within moments, the three men had her hands and feet tied and a soft piece of material placed over her mouth. It wouldn't have mattered if they'd left the gag off because Zarah had stupidly chosen a parking lot with almost no one near because of the early morning hour to make the phone call this week. No one was around to witness her kidnapping and her cell phone, which might have been used to beg Rashid for help, was dropped from her terrified hands.

She tried desperately to get out of their hold, thinking back to the limited defense moves she'd been taught as she'd grown up. But the men were too strong and there were too many of them. They didn't hurt her, and seemed to be working hard to make sure she didn't hurt herself, but within moments, they had her in the back seat of a black Mercedes with dark, tinted windows.

One of the men retrieved her cell phone and said something into the receiver, nodded and folded it shut before tucking it into his pocket. Two of the men got into the vehicle beside her and two were in front. They all looked painfully serious and Zarah had no idea how to get out of this terrifying situation.

The driver, obviously the leader, turned around to face Zarah and in Arabic said, "We are here from Tasain. His Highness sent us to retrieve you and bring you home so please don't be afraid. We will be airborne in less than two hours. I apologize for the harsh treatment, Your Highness, but your brother felt it was necessary under the circumstances."

With that, he turned around in his seat and started the engine, ignoring the muffled pleas from Zarah as she tried to speak to them, to tell them that she wasn't in need of rescuing. When they simply ignored her, and why wouldn't they since she couldn't make any intelligent sound with this horrible gag in her mouth, she stopped struggling, her head bowing once again as the tears flowed down her cheeks. The thought of Derrick wondering where she was occurred to her. She'd had such wonderful plans for the day, all surrounding being with him and laughing. Now he would think she'd just left him.

Would he worry? Would he even care?

Of course he would, she told herself sternly. Derrick might be a playboy but he had always treated her with respect and concern. He might not be as emotionally invested as she was, but he would worry and that made her even more distraught.

How could Rashid have done this to her? She wasn't a recalcitrant child that he needed to punish! She was a grown woman who deserved to be treated with respect for the decisions she'd made in her life. She'd proven that she was a capable, intelligent woman. She couldn't wait to get back to Tasain and give Rashid a piece of her mind for doing something so retched!

And Derrick! He's going to be so worried! She had to find a way to get word back to him. She needed to reassure him that she was okay and he didn't need to worry.

What a mess, she thought as the black vehicle drove into the airport. The man in front drove right up to a private plane, one with the royal seal of Tasain on it so she knew she'd never be stopped or questioned by the airport authorities.

Her legs were untied but two men escorted her, with a firm grip on each arm, to the stairs of the plane. She thought about shoving the men off of her at the stairway. If they all fell to the ground, she would have to be up first but she could use the hand rail as leverage, kick her feet out at the two men and make a run for it. But these were her brother's security guards. First of all, she would never treat them like that, even as she shifted her hands in the flexi cuffs they'd put on her wrists. But also, she wanted to prove to her brother that he didn't need to go through such ridiculous lengths to get her home. She would rise above this indignity and wait until she was standing in front of her brother before she let go of all of this anger she felt for his tactics.

As the guards helped her into the plane, even assisting her to a plush, leather chair and latching her seat belt over her for safety, she bided her time and held her shoulders back with as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances.

When the doors to the plane were closed, one of the guards moved over and untied her gag, looking almost apologetic as he pulled the cotton away from her mouth.

"Thank you," she said softly, nodding her head to emphasize the words. "Would you mind if I made one phone call before takeoff?"

The leader turned in his chair and shook his head. "His Highness ordered no communication until we have landed in Tasain."

She should have expected that, but Zarah only became angrier. Her brother definitely had some explaining to do. This kidnapping was beyond anything she could have imagined. She knew that, if her brother had found out where she was, there was always the risk that he would show up and demand that she return with him. But making her come back to Tasain by force? This scenario had never occurred to her. Not in a million years had she thought that Rashid would be so ridiculous.

She stared out the window as the plane taxied down the runway. When the plane was airborne and headed back to Tasain, Zarah couldn't stop the tears from flowing or the heaving, desolate sobs that wracked her body as she realized she would never see Derrick again.

Chapter 10

Derrick woke up and rolled over, his hand unconsciously searching for Zarah to pull her closer. He knew that she'd snuggled close to him all night because he remembered making love to her several times throughout the dark hours.

When his hand couldn't find her, he opened one eye for a closer inspection. But when he still didn't see her, he sat up in bed, looking around his bedroom and letting the sheet fall to his waist. He stopped moving, assuming she was in the shower already but there was only silence and her soft, sweet perfume still in the air and on his sheets.

As his mind started functioning more efficiently, he realized that it was Saturday. The day she went into London to make her mysterious phone call.

With a curse, he threw off the sheets and stomped into the shower. He was sick of the secrets now. They'd been with each other for the past week, spending every available moment with each other and he was dammed if she was going to hide something like this from him. Didn't she understand that she should share something like this with him? He loved her and he damn well knew that she loved him.

It took him less than ten minutes to shower and change. Before he left the bedroom, he grabbed the diamond ring in the small case he'd been carrying around for the past two days. He knew it was insane to ask someone to marry after such a short period of time, but he knew what he wanted. He'd been in many relationships and what he felt for this particular mysterious woman was not going away. In fact, the more time he spent with her, the deeper this feeling went.

As soon as he found her, he was going to shove this ring on her finger and demand that she marry him. Fast so that she wouldn't have to go back and forth to her apartment every day to get new clothes. They were spending every night together so as soon as she agreed to marry him, he was moving her belongings into his bedroom. He wanted this back and forth business between her place and his to stop. He wanted her in his house, in his bedroom and at his table all the time.

At the door to the apartment she shared with her friend, Derrick banged loudly on the wood, uncaring that he was waking up Suzanne. He needed answers, and he had a funny feeling that had been bothering him the whole drive into town. Something just didn't feel right, he thought to himself.

Suzanne opened the door a moment later, pulling on a blue, fluffy robe and pushing her blond hair out of her eyes. When she spied who was at her door, she woke up much more quickly. "Your Grace!" she gasped and pulled the robe tighter. "I'm sorry, I wasn't expecting you. I thought Zarah was at the castle."

Derrick tried to smile, but suspected it came out as more of a grimace than a friendly gesture. "I'm looking for Zarah. Is she here?"

Suzanne's eyes widened but she pulled herself together quickly. "Um, I don't think so," she said and looked around. "It's Saturday and she usually borrows my keys for a personal trip."

Derrick was already aware of this trip and was the reason he was feeling uneasy. "Do you know where she went this week to make the phone call?"

Suzanne actually stumbled as she stepped back into the apartment. "How do you know she makes a phone call?" she asked carefully.

Derrick stepped inside, looking around in the hopes that the roommate was wrong and Zarah would just appear out of her bedroom with a bag filled with clothes so she didn't have to come back and forth. But as he took in the bright, cheerful room, Zarah didn't come out. In fact, it was eerily quiet except for Suzanne's breathing at the moment.

Derrick looked around and quickly spotted the note left on the counter. "Do you mind?" he asked, but the words were only to be polite because he didn't care if Suzanne minded if he read her note or not. That bad feeling was intensifying and his gut was telling him to find Zarah fast. He read through the note but all it said was she was making the trip to call her brother.

"Why would she need to drive into London to communicate with her brother? Does he live there or something?"

He could tell that Suzanne was trying to come up with a lie and he stepped forward, trying to convey the urgency he was feeling over finding Zarah. "Please tell me the truth," he said with a tone that was as gentle as he could muster at the moment. "I don't know what's going on, but I have a feeling that she might be in trouble."

Suzanne immediately shook her head. "She's fine. She just goes into London so that her brother can't track her phone calls."

"Why would he even try?"

Suzanne bit her lower lip, unsure how to handle this tall, intimidating man that her best friend had fallen in love with. She made a snap decision, knowing how the rest of the people in the village protected and cared for this man. He wouldn't hurt her friend, she told herself. And if he thought she was in trouble, he might know something she didn't.

"Zarah isn't normal like the rest of us. Her brother is Rashid Samara Busain, Sheik of Tasain and she's Princess Zarah Andromeda Bussain. She's the youngest sister and she ran away from her brother seven months ago so she could find a job and live a normal life."

Derrick crushed the note in his hands. "Was I...."

"No!" Suzanne quickly replied, instantly knowing where he was going with those two words. "Absolutely not! You weren't an experiment. In fact, just the opposite. She tried to stay away from you, knowing that she would have to marry someone her brother chose for her at the end of her year here in Great Britain." She should feel like she was betraying her friend, but there was something in his eyes that made her think he might be right, that Zarah could be in trouble. As she glanced at the clock on the wall, she realized that it was later than she'd thought. "Zarah should be back by now," she said softly, warily.

"Where does she go?" he demanded.

Suzanne shrugged her shoulders. "She tries to vary the place each time so that her brother can't track her cell phone. She even takes the battery out when she's finished so he can't find her. She's very careful so I'm sure she's fine, just running a little late."

Zarah's resistance to their relationship finally made sense to him. He almost smiled at how she'd tried to ignore him and avoid him but she should have realized the inevitability of their relationship. There was no way they could have kept that kind of passion silent. He'd experienced lust before, but what they had between them was something altogether different. It was love, dammit! She should know that by now!

His heart softened at the memory of their first time together. There was no way she could have known what they would be together because she'd never been with another man. She was too tender, too trusting, he thought. And something was very, very wrong.

"Try calling her cell phone, okay? Give me a call when you find out anything. If you hear from her, tell her to call me immediately."

"Where are you going?" Suzanne called out to him since he'd already rushed out of her apartment and was halfway down the stairs.

"I'm going to make some calls. I have people at the airport. They can tell me if she's gone through customs yet or if she's still in the country."

Suzanne rushed down the stairs, standing in the middle of the sidewalk in her blue, fluffy robe and bare feet but she didn't care who saw her if Zarah was in trouble. "What if she hasn't left the country?"

"Then I get my security team to find out where she is," he said with absolute determination a moment before he ducked into his powerful car and drove away, tires peeling along the pavement as the car hurried to obey the commands of its anxious driver.

Six hours later, Derrick was furious with himself as well as with Zarah. She should have trusted him enough to tell him what was going on. If she had, they could have avoided this whole nightmarish day. He'd contacted his friends in the UK Border Agency and found out that Zarah had probably left the country several hours ago. They said that one plane with the Tasain royal seal had arrived last night and had already logged a flight plan for today in order to return to Tasain. It had left four hours ago but they didn't have a passenger log. Normally, even foreign dignitaries were required to go through the proper channels, although those checks were streamlined for them and public areas eliminated. But in this case, he could only make an educated guess that Zarah had been on the plane due to the timeline of her disappearance and the plane's takeoff.

So here he was, sitting in his own private jet and flying across Europe in order to get her back. From her brother, no less!

Derrick was furious at the situation and his fingers kept touching the ring in his pocket, knowing what he should be doing right now instead of flying around the world to retrieve the woman he loved. He was on the phone now with anyone who could get him an audience with Zarah's brother. Once he got that meeting, he had no idea what he was going to do, but he'd figure it out once he knew that Zarah was safe and unharmed.

He ran a hand through his hair with frustration as his mind went through all the different torture methods this brother might have used on Zarah to bend her to his will. He gritted his teeth and swore that if he'd harmed a hair on her head, he'd rain down so much trouble on the brother and Tasain he'd never see the end of it!

His plane finally landed and as soon as he'd touched ground, he received a phone call from Joe who told him that he had a meeting set up with the sheik the following morning. How Joe had made that happen, Derrick had no idea, nor did he care. Joe owed him several times over for favors done in the past.

By the time Derrick was walking into the palace the next morning, he was ready to spit nails. He needed to see Zarah and make sure she was okay before he did anything so he had to remain calm and in control. Losing his temper wouldn't get him anywhere.

Zarah moped along the hallway, her mood so depressed she couldn't even think. She'd begged to see Rashid, to explain to him what had happened, and try once again to justify why she'd run away. If only she could tell him about Derrick, she knew he'd understand. But Rashid was being obstinate and wouldn't let her make any phone calls, wouldn't let her talk to Sidra because he knew she'd see Zarah's side of the issue.

It was all too much! Not to mention the two new body guards who were following her everywhere.

She just had to get in to see him, to explain and make him understand how much she loved Derrick. Surely he could understand since he loved Sidra so much. Good grief, he'd basically kidnapped Sidra to get her here after he'd lost track of her all those years ago.

There was movement down the hallway and Zarah looked up. Several of the palace guards were waiting in the hallway outside Rashid's offices. That wasn't normal, she thought and hurried down the hallway herself. Something wasn't right, she told herself.

And then she saw him! How could Derrick be walking into the palace as if nothing were wrong?

"Derrick!" she called out, just to see if her eyes were playing tricks on her or if he really was here.

When the tall, handsome man stopped and spun around, she knew that he was real. He cut through the guards and with that movement, Zarah ran down the hallway towards him. When she was only feet away, she threw herself into his arms, completely ignoring her body guards' calls for her to stop. In fact, the louder they called to her, the faster she ran, afraid they would stop her before she could touch him and make sure he was real.

"Zarah!" he called out, his arms closing around her as she hurtled through the air towards him. He didn't even mind the impact of her soft body as he held her close, his hands running through her hair and down her body to ensure that she was okay and wasn't hurt. "What happened? Why did you leave? I can't believe you didn't tell me what was going on!" he growled a moment before his mouth closed over hers, not giving her a chance to answer any of his questions.

Zarah didn't mind. She just wanted to hold him and know that he was actually here. She loved his strong arms that wrapped around her and pulled her off her feet while he kissed her, proving that he was controlled by the same emotions that she was feeling.

When he pulled away, he set her back down on her feet, looking at her with anxious eyes. "Are you okay?"

She grinned up at him, still so surprised that he was here. "Yes. I'm fine."

"When I heard that you'd been taken back to Tasain, I went a bit crazy," he groaned and pulled her back against his chest, messing up her hair once again in his frenzied need to make sure she was whole and unhurt. "Don't ever do that to me again!" he commanded.

"I agree, baby sister," a deep voice said from behind him.

Derrick spun around, keeping Zarah behind him and every muscle in his body tensing in anticipation of a fight. "Who the hell are you?" he demanded of the tall, black haired man with an arrogance that just irritated Derrick further.

Zarah could already see where this was heading and it wasn't good. "Derrick, this is my brother, Rashid."

Derrick turned his head to see if she was teasing him or not. When he saw the truth in her eyes, he turned back to the man who was still standing in front of him with his arms crossed over his chest and a stern expression on his face. "You're the man who had the gall to kidnap your own sister?" he demanded. Derrick's voice was calm. Too calm.

Rashid stepped forward, fully prepared to defend his actions. "I'm the brother who brought her back to the safety of her home," he corrected.

"Semantics," was all Derrick said before he pulled back with his right arm and smashed his fist into the smug man's face.

Suddenly, there was a rush of movement but Derrick maintained Zarah behind his back while his body guards closed ranks around him. The other man lifted his hand quickly, halting the guards who immediately drew their weapons and were about to pounce on the stranger who had dared to assault their ruler.

"Stop!" Rashid called out as added incentive for his guards to not interfere. He looked back at the younger man standing in front of him, noting that this stranger was keeping his youngest sister behind his back despite her attempts to get around the large man. "You love her," Rashid stated as he looked directly at the man. He was tall enough, which was strange in itself. But he was also impressed that the younger man had dared to hit him. And all because he was defending his sister.

"Come with me," Rashid said, his voice ringing with authority.

Derrick shook his head. "I'm not going anywhere with you. And Zarah is coming with me."

Rashid turned slowly and looked at the man who dared not only to assault him but defy him? Unheard of. He surveyed the man in front of him thoroughly, noting the belligerence and arrogance that was so like himself. Looking slightly behind the man he could see his baby sister trying desperately to get around him as if she could protect him somehow. "You will marry her?"

Derrick didn't have time for this kind of stupidity. "As soon as I get her the hell out of here," he replied. He suddenly spun around, putting his hand in his pocket and pulling out the ring he'd been keeping for the past three days. "Here!" he said, shoving the ring on her finger, then turning around to continue glaring at Zarah's brother.

Rashid noticed the large diamond that his baby sister was now about to cry about. Why women would cry about something so silly was beyond him, but he knew that they were tears of happiness and not sadness. This stranger obviously made his sister happy. So Rashid assumed he should consent to the marriage. "You'll marry her here in the palace where her family can witness the ceremony."

Derrick wasn't about to stay here a moment longer than was necessary to retrieve Zarah. "I'll marry her back in England and you can travel there if you want. But we're getting out of here. I won't let her be around a man who would dare to kidnap a woman, but I won't deny her the right to have her family at her wedding."

Zarah had been staring at the beautiful engagement ring for a long time, awed by its beauty. But hearing the way her brother and Derrick were arguing about her suddenly broke through her haze of happiness. "Excuse me?" she called out, her anger rising with the way they were discussing her future as if she had no say in anything. "Would anyone like to consult me about this decision?"

"No!" both men said, Derrick barely turning around and Rashid continued to glare at Derrick.

"Excuse me, but I refuse to be left out of this discussion!" she said, pushing Derrick's arm away from her as she came around to face him.

Derrick was having none of that. "Zarah, if you had taken the time to tell me what was going on, if you'd trusted me enough after everything else, we could have avoided the past twenty-four hours!"

Zarah grimaced at that statement because he had a point. "Okay, you're right. I should have told you what was going on and I'm sorry. But please don't be mad at my brother." She turned to glare at Rashid. "I'm mad enough as it is. Regardless, he is my brother and he thought he was doing the right thing. He's just a jerk who doesn't know how to let go of control."

"Now wait just a minute!" her brother tried to interject.

"Rashid?" a new voice broke into the conversation.

Everyone, including the guards, turned to watch a lovely woman with a tiny baby in her arms walk towards the group. "Zarah?" she asked as she noticed her sister-in-law amongst the taller men. "You're back? When did you fly in? Why didn't you immediately come to say hello? We've both been so worried about you!" she placed the tiny pink bundle in Rashid's arms and hurried over to Zarah, both women embracing excitedly. "Oh my! It's so good to see you! Rashid has been going crazy not knowing where you were but I tried to get him to calm down." Sidra looked around at the tense expressions on many of the guards. "Obviously, I failed in that endeavor," she laughed softly.

Derrick kept his eyes on Rashid, correctly assuming that he was the biggest threat. He glanced only once at the lovely woman who was approaching the group but as she spoke, he quickly grasped that this woman was Rashid's wife. As the woman placed the baby in his arms, the whole demeanor of the man changed. Gone was the arrogance and in its place was a reverence for both woman and child.

"Sidra, I have this under control..." Rashid tried to say as he protected his infant child with his arms.

She looked around and shook her head, linking her arms with Zarah's. "It doesn't appear to be under control." Her eyes narrowed as she looked at her husband's guilty expression. "Rashid, what did you do?"

Zarah laughed at her brother's stunned expression, knowing he was trapped and couldn't talk his way out of this one. "He kidnapped me and brought me back yesterday morning. The reason I haven't come to say hello to you is because he's restricted me to certain areas of the palace and your suite isn't one of them."

Sidra's mouth dropped open with shock and horror at that explanation. She turned back to her husband, hands on her hips and glared at him. "Please tell me you didn't really do that!"

Rashid stepped forward, shaking his head in an effort to appease her. "Now honey, it isn't as bad as you think..."

Zarah wasn't going to let him get away with anything. "He had me bound hands and feet, even a gag in my mouth so I couldn't even talk to the men who carried me into the plane," Zarah announced, then realized that she might have brought Sidra more on her side, but now Derrick was livid.

"You did that to my fiancee?" he demanded, stepping forward and trying very hard to get Zarah safely out of his path so he could pummel her brother more thoroughly.

Rashid wasn't sure who he should appease first. His instinct was to soothe his wife, but Zarah's new man was the most imminent threat. Zarah might not be a bad one either since she was sowing the seeds of his banishment from Sidra's bedroom quickly, a situation he refused to let happen.

Deciding that his wife was more important than anything at the moment, he turned to face her, soothing Tiala by gently rocking her in his arms. "It isn't like that."

"What was it like?" Sidra demanded. "She's your sister and fully capable of making her own decisions. We discussed this over and over while she was away." She turned to Derrick, looking him up and down and smiling. "Besides, I know about the men you were trying to set her up with and it looks like she's done a much better job than you did in selecting a man."

Zarah smothered her laughter at Sidra's assessment, but completely agreed with her. Rashid, on the other hand, was not amused. "Now wait a minute, Sidra. Those men were perfectly acceptable. They had the right pedigree and could protect my sister properly. Unlike some others..." he said, looking behind his wife at Zarah's choice.

"I'll damn well make sure she's protected from you!" Derrick growled, wrapping his arm around Zarah's waist and pulling her back against him.

"I can protect myself!" she replied vehemently, but Rashid noticed that she didn't pull away from the man's touch. Even got a bit closer, in fact.

With a sigh, he shook his head, conceding the issue of his sister's choice in husbands. "If this is the man you choose, Zarah, you have my blessing."

"And you won't interfere again?"

Rashid closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "As long as I know you are safe, I won't interfere."

Zarah knew that was as good as she was going to get. "Fine. Then yes, Derrick is my choice." She tensed initially, until she felt Derrick's arm tighten around her waist, telling her that she'd said the right thing. Zarah relaxed, even leaning against him with the relief that was flowing through her. Involuntarily, she glanced down at the beautiful ring on her finger, feeling a rush of warmth flow through her.

"Now that this is all settled," Sidra announced, walking over to Rashid and taking her daughter out of his arms, "Let's have something to eat." She glared at her husband as she said, "A nice, family meal without any arguments so we can get to know the newest member of our family."

She was about to glance away when something on her husband's face caught her eye. "Rashid, is there a bruise on your cheek?"

Rashid blushed and pulled his wife and daughter closer. "Never mind."

Zarah glanced up at Derrick. "I can't believe you took a swing at him."

Derrick pulled her around so that they had a bit of privacy. "I won't let anyone take you away from me, Zarah."

Sidra realized that these two needed a moment alone and pulled her husband farther away, trying to give them some privacy. She nodded to the palace guards as well as the body guards Zarah's fiance had brought with him and all of them took several steps back, understanding that the tension was gone and the potential threats had finally been diffused.

Zarah reached up and touched Derrick's face, regret in her eyes. "I'm so sorry I didn't tell you about my past."

"This is why you didn't tell Joe and Alicia your last name, right? He would have recognized your name so you purposely kept it out of the conversation."

Zarah smiled sheepishly. "Absolutely. I thought if you knew who I was, things would change between us."

"And you'd have to leave because you didn't think your brother would allow me to marry you."

She shrugged as she nodded. "You should have seen the men my brother had chosen as appropriate husbands." She shuddered at the memory.

He grinned as his hands moved against her waist. "So are you saying I'm the lesser of those evils?"

She laughed and shook her head. "No. You're not a lesser evil. In fact, I'm not really sure what I'm getting myself into."

Derrick raised one eyebrow and bent his head lower. "Maybe I should remind you," he suggested softly as he gently kissed her soft lips.

Zarah's instantly raised her face up to his, eager for the kiss she'd only recently thought never to experience again. "Maybe you should," she sighed and let her arms curl around his neck.

They didn't even notice Rashid's glance back, see his baby sister in a man's arms and the way he started to advance on the two of them. He only made it two steps before his wife grabbed his arm and with just a gentle look and a shake of her head, he turned around and left the lovers alone. Reluctantly.

"How long is this meal with your family going to last?" Derrick asked a long time later.

Zarah chuckled and kissed the middle of his chest. "If I know my brother, it will last a long time."

"And then I can get you naked and into my bed?"

She had to laugh, but was just as eager. "You'll have to get through the normal palace guards. And the extra guards that I'm sure my brother will place in strategic places around my room."

Derrick simply shrugged his shoulders. "I can't imagine anything stopping me from getting to you. I found you once. There's no way I'm going to lose you again."

Zarah looked up at him with a sly look. "Don't worry about it. Rashid doesn't know about some of the secret tunnels. My sister used them all the time to get into and out of the palace. I'm sure there's one that will lead me right to you."

Derrick was stunned for a long moment but then he threw back his head and laughed, hugging Zarah to him as he thought about this shy, wonderfully passionate woman sneaking through secret tunnels for him. "I love you," he said and kissed the top of her head.

"I love you too," she repeated back to him, amazed at how wonderful it felt to be facing a wedding to a man she genuinely loved.

