Chapter One

I'm going to visit my sick Aunt Brittany.

Twitter, StarryEyed_4SA

The lights went out all over the stadium, followed by explosions coming from every corner of the stage. A huge swooshing gust of wind blasted through the crowd from unseen high-powered blowers, as if mimicking the wave of excitement that swept through the thousands of fans eagerly waiting for the concert to start. The powerful flurry of air was completely exhilarating, and everyone screamed.

Sapphire "Saffi" March screamed as loud as everyone else, her heart beating madly as music started to play in the background. Fast and furious beats of the drum burst through the speakers next, and the mostly-female crowd started jumping up and down as they recognized the song.

One, two, three, four---

Each member of the popular boy band Celsius performed stunning aerial somersaults as they landed on stage one by one.

"Oh. My. God!"

Next to her, Brittany grinned. She had long hair, chubby cheeks, and the most amazing pair of dark brown eyes hidden behind dorky-looking glasses. Saffi loved her to death even though this was her first time to meet Brittany in person, loved her even though Brittany happened to be the president of the Florida Chapter of the Official Celsius Fans Club. The enemy, in Staffan Aehrenthal's own words.

But she didn't think like that. Brittany was a fellow fangirl and fangirls stuck together, through thick and thin - and that meant having to lie to Staffan about coming to tonight's concert.

"I told you they're fantastic!" Brittany boasted as they started dancing. Both of them had two left feet, causing Saffi and Brittany to unintentionally bump against each other several times. It was like watching two bowling pins trying to knock each other out - without the bowling ball.

"I know they're good," Saffi said laughingly. "They're just not as good as Staffan."

Brittany made a face. "Staffan Aehrenthal is too much of a bad boy for my taste. Plus, he's kinda old."

Saffi shook her head. "He's not." Old meant, like, decrepit, and Staffan could go for hours - the entire day even - making love to her. Just yesterday, Saffi literally had to beg for a time out. Well, she hadn't really meant it, though. All she had wanted was a few minutes so she could breathe because the things Staffan did with his mouth and hands had made her gasp and gasp---

Okay, she was starting to feel a little breathless now, just thinking about the fact that after tonight's concert, she would be with Staffan again.

The first song ended, and the lights went out again. Everyone screamed once more, and Brittany and Saffi did their best to shriek just as loud.

"It's their surprise guest!" Saffi had to yell just to make herself heard over the continuous screams from the crowd.

"ANY IDEA WHO IT IS?" Brittany literally bounced with each word.

"MUST BE SOMEONE REALLY POPULAR," Saffi yelled back, bouncing with each word as well. She had to bounce - it was the only way to release the excitement inside her so she would not self-combust.

"I'M SURE OF IT!" She added. And she was. Saffi took her fangirl craft very seriously, and concert politics was among her favorite subjects. If the surprise guest had been less popular than Celsius, then the artist should have served as the opening act instead. But no - it had been the other way around. Celsius was tonight's star, but the group had chosen to perform as the opening act for its guest.

"MAYBE MADONNA?" Bounce, bounce.

"IMPOSSIBLE. SHE'S ON TOUR." Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce. Brittany was just as serious as Saffi was when it came to her craft, and that meant keeping track of the touring schedules of the other popular artists. It paid to keep an eye on the competition.

"Then who could it---"

Music played ever so softly in the background, but its distinct notes were more than familiar.

Saffi's jaw dropped. So did Brittany's. They exchanged glances. And then---

Bounce. Bounce. Bouncebouncebouncebouncebouncebounce---

"OH MY GOD!" Brittany and Saffi shrieked at the same time. "OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD---"

Powerful beams of light exploded from overhead, all directed at the center of the stage where one man stood. He had longish blond hair, a classically beautiful face, and the most amazing body, all sculpted muscles with not even a fraction of an ounce of fat.

Saffi should know since that was her lover on stage.

"Staffan Aehrenthal in the house, everyone!" the leader of Celsius roared.

Saffi died.

Wait, she just didn't die. She died and went to heaven with those words. She really did, even if it was just a second. Celsius - her favorite band - performing with her favorite rock star Staffan Aehrenthal on one stage!

She sooooo died.

Staffan slowly looked up, and the crowd went wild as the cameras zoomed in on his face, flashing that delicious image on the giant screens flanking each side of the stage. His f**k-me hazel eyes were as potent as it ever was, promising the most illicit things that would have a fangirl screaming in ecstasy.

And so they screamed...and screamed and screamed as Staffan started to dance the way only he could do.

Although the majority of the world's female population knew him as Sweden's #1 Sex God, the 10,509 girls crying inside the stadium knew he was so much more than that. He was Staffan Aehrenthal, Europe's badass version of Justin Timberlake - the most versatile rock star that ever lived.

Saffi's throat went dry as she watched Staffan dance on the stage, his every move graceful and seductive. His lovely dark voice mesmerized - the male counterpart of a siren, if there ever was one. His voice tantalized. With each word that came out of his mouth, it beckoned his listeners to come closer, to inhale his scent, to reach out and feel the impossible hardness of his body.

"YOU ROCK MY WORLD, STAFFAN!" Saffi shrieked the words so loudly she became lightheaded. But she didn't care. It came with the job, so to speak.

And then---

Staffan's eyes were suddenly on her.

She could have been imagining it. She must have been imagining it. But Saffi knew she wasn't. There might be thousands of girls in the crowd, many of them prettier and sexier than she was, but this was Staffan, and he was the man who was in love with her.

Those f**k-me eyes were laughing at her. But they were also loving her, seducing her, cherishing her---

Oh, she just died all over again.

"SCREAM FOR ME," Staffan invited his fans.

Of course they screamed. They screamed and screamed, screamed with all their hearts, and Staffan smiled, taking it all in.

"Now, I'm going to sing for you."

Saffi and the other fangirls had to scream again after that. They just had to.

Eyes widened, lips parted, and throats went dry as Staffan started to sing. Unlike most of his peers, Staffan was dressed stylishly - a black silk polo with the first few buttons undone, a leather belt with a gold Chanel buckle, and the most amazingly sexy pair of silver jeans complemented by gleaming mahogany-colored boots. The entire ensemble should have been outrageously fashionable, but all it did was just make Staffan more breathtaking.

His every word, every look, and every move whispered the same thing. Love me.

And so the crowd did, crying out his name over and over when his song ended and darkness reclaimed the stage.

Someone was tapping Saffi's shoulder from behind.

She turned, aware that Brittany was doing the same, and gulped at the sight of a man built like an ox wearing a disapproving look on his face.

"Uh-uh-uh," Bob said warningly, his fingers clamping around Saffi's wrist when she immediately tried to escape.

"Is he your dad?" Brittany whispered.

"He's...worse," Saffi mumbled.

Bob scowled. "You lied to us, Saffi."

Persnickety pearl danio!

"I have no idea what you're talking about." She tried twisting her wrist away. "I'm just, umm, going to the restroom---"

Bob shook his head again. "No can do, Saffi. The boss' orders," he told her.

"The boss?" Brittany's confused words reminded Saffi that she was technically not alone. "I THOUGHT YOU WERE A STUDENT!" Evil glances were aimed their way as the other girls hissed at them to keep quiet.

"Sorry, sorry," Saffi mumbled, knowing it was her fault. This was a concert, and rule #1 for every fangirl was to not make any distracting noises whenever an artist was performing on stage. She tugged at her wrist, but Bob's fingers remained an unbreakable cuff that kept her imprisoned.

"I'm sorry," she whispered to Brittany. "I really have to go."

Brittany's face fell. "But why? We were having so much fun---"

"I'm sorry." Regurgitating requiem shark, she was such a bad friend to do this to Brittany. "I just have to go---"

"What boss is he talking about?"

Her mind shying away from the truth, Saffi heard herself saying, "It's a recent gig, really top-secret and high-profile stuff." Ah, damn. There went her promise never to lie again.

Bob was gaping at her, but Saffi pretended not to notice.

Brittany's eyes widened. "Oh."

Bob slowly turned to look at Saffi's friend. Were these kids for real? She bought Saffi's lie - for f**king real?

"You're auditioning for a music video, aren't you? For Staffan Aehrenthal?"

The words made Bob want to smash his head against the wall. How the heck did these girls survive in the real world? Saffi was one of the smartest persons he knew, but somehow she just didn't think like a normal person did and it seemed this one was exactly the same.

Saffi nodded eagerly. "Yes, that's it. So, like, they totally want me in the video because of my dancing skills---"

Bob barely managed not to roll his eyes.

Saffi ignored that too. "And I told them, sure, I'd be more than happy to do that, you know?" She looked at Brittany apologetically. "So---I have to leave. You know how it is."

Brittany nodded understandingly. "Of course. We owe our loyalties to our favorite stars first."

"Exactly," Saffi said, but she still looked a little uncertain. "Are you sure you'll be okay alone---"

"She's not going to be alone," Bob said gruffly. "The boss thought of it." He jerked his head to the back.

Saffi and Brittany looked at the direction where he was pointing. Saffi's eyes widened before she started waving enthusiastically. "Alan, hi!"

Alan Carson walked towards the two girls even as he cursed Staffan Aehrenthal in his mind. How in the world did babysitting a fangirl get included in his job description? But then, he hadn't had the guts to ask Staffan that. He still felt guilty about the role he played in Staffan and Saffi's breakup - and the damn rock star knew it. Worse, he never hesitated to take advantage of that guilt.

Serves him right to have Sapphire as a girlfriend, Alan thought. Saffi was a nice girl and all, but she would always be a handful since her extremely smart mind operated on a different level than the rest of them.

Alan's handsome face was all smiles when he reached the trio. He greeted Saffi pleasantly then focused all his attention on the girl next to her. "Hi," he said, easily falling into the role of a guy who might or might not have an interest in the girl he was talking to. He had this role down pat, having needed to exercise it for years as a closet g*y.

Brittany's eyes widened. "A-aren't you one of the permanent back-up dancers for Staffan Aehrenthal?"

"Yep," he said. "I'm hoping I can be a suitable replacement so Saffi can leave? Staffan sent me here to keep you company."

Brittany looked at Saffi, impressed. "Wow, Saffi. I didn't know you were that good a dancer!"

Alan was incredulous. Saffi had used that lie again?

Saffi did her best not to turn red. Carefully keeping her eyes averted from her friend, she said, "Err...yes. So...you'll be okay with him?"

Brittany glanced at Alan shyly.

Alan winked. "We'll have fun, don't you think, sweetie?"

Brittany's eyes were dazed. "We will."

When she and Bob were near the exit, she asked, "Do you think I should tell Brittany Alan's batting for the same team?"

"What I think is that you have a greater problem to worry about, and that's making sure that Staffan isn't going to skin you alive for this latest stunt."

Saffi cringed. "Can't you be more optimistic?"

"I can do optimistic."

She started to smile.

"Staffan won't shout at you in public," he told her affably. "He'll just be furious with you in private."

Saffi's smile disappeared. It was times like this she sort of thought she was better off being just one of Staffan Aehrenthal's fangirls.

****

The crowd started out as a dozen of people loitering outside the concert venue, but as time passed, more people trickled in and then it had become some sort of silent explosion, with multitudes of gawking tongue-tied females of all ages converging on just one spot.

It was enough to have Charles Baker, the venue's head of security, call for backup. If this turns into a stampede, Charles thought, those three are definitely to blame.

He could understand why Staffan Aehrenthal was here, being the special VIP guest performing for Celsius' tour. But what about the other two puss-fucks or whatever it was that those women called them? Why in hell were they here and trying to turn what should have been a peaceful security gig into a potential disaster?

Three billionaires who were too damn attractive for their own good - all in one place! If Charles had been born a woman, he supposed he would have been speechless with sheer awe, too. One of the three men laughed, and the rise of excitement from the crowd was palpable.

"Get into position," Charles snapped at his men.

Another spoke quietly, and then all three turned around.

Charles turned around too, hoping that whatever it was - it would be something that would get the three billionaires out of his turf as quickly and safely as possible. The women around him were releasing all kinds of hungry vibes, like sharks circling their prey.

At that moment, he did not envy any of the three men at all.

These women would tear them apart given the chance.

****

Saffi stopped dead in her tracks when she saw the trio of Pussketeers waiting outside, lounging against a stretch limousine parked directly in front of the venue's main gate.

The man laughing out loud was Constantijin Kastein, the media tycoon and Netherlands' #1 Playboy, golden-copper hair glinting under the moonlight. The man standing next to him spoke, and he looked up, his silver eyes glinting with knowing amusement as he looked at Saffi.

At that moment, Saffi could definitely understand why Yanna Everleigh, Constantijin's fiancee, and millions of other women were so in love with him.

The man who had spoken to Constantijin was the one she had just recently met. But of course Saffi knew of Rathe Wellesley, and it wasn't just because he was Staffan's friend. Tall, with chestnut hair and piercing blue eyes, Rathe was said to be the epitome of the Iron Duke, who was his great-great-great-something-grandfather. He was also England's #1 Heartthrob, a title that the coolly analytical Rathe had always despised.

Rathe raised a brow at her, but his blue eyes were smirking, as if knowing something she didn't.

If she hadn't been nervous earlier, Saffi was beyond nervous now. She took several deep breaths before allowing herself to meet the gaze of the last Pussketeer.

Staffan Aehrenthal was leaning against the passenger door of the limo. He was freshly showered and wore a long-sleeved striped cotton sweater, slacks, and stylish-looking loafers. Slowly, he lifted his head to look at her.

Saffi had curled her long dark hair for the occasion, and she matched the sexy-wild hairstyle with dark mascara on her eyes. She was wearing a cropped shirt that would have exposed her black bra if she raised her hand even an inch above her waist, and denim shorts so short that it had Staffan gritting his teeth while his c**k immediately reacted in response to the sight, growing engorged beneath his pants.

Ah f**k, only Saffi made him hot with fury and arousal at the same time.

Saffi's mind became a blank when she found all three Pussketeers gazing at her.

Oh my God, how could she resist this?

Staffan cursed, surprising his friends. But he had seen where Saffi's hand was going and he knew exactly what she was planning. "Saffi," he growled. "Don't you dare---"

She took out her iPhone, pressed the shortcut for camera, and took a snapshot of them. Then she quickly opened the photo using a social media app, the one that was linked to all her accounts. Pinterest, Tumblr, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook - it made it easy to blast the message to the entire universe with a single click.

OMG. Staffan Aehrenthal with the two other Pussketeers in the house! #definelucky

Saffi pressed the SEND button.

"---post a photo."

A clicking sound confirmed her post's successful upload to the various social media accounts she managed as StarryEyed4SA, mere seconds before someone swiftly retrieved the iPhone from her hand. Saffi looked up and found herself locked in a circle of billionaires.

Two were grinning, one was scowling.

"Saffi." Staffan's voice was quietly menacing.

Saffi cringed. "I couldn't help it. I'm sorry. The world needed to see---"

"---anything except another goddamn photo of any of us." Staffan growled the last word out, his f**k-me eyes blazing.

"Sorry," she mumbled, looking down. She heard Staffan sigh over her head, but no one else spoke. After a moment, Saffi was unable to bear the silence any longer. She cleared her throat. "Umm...what's...the plan?"

Staffan nodded.

Constantijin grinned.

Rathe sighed before taking off his pinstriped blazer. "Here you go, Saffi." His voice was clear and dulcet, very duke-like if Saffi said so herself. Not that, she thought, she had met any other duke aside from Rathe.

Looking inquiringly at Staffan and getting his nod of approval, she gingerly took the blazer from Rathe and put it on. She supposed Staffan didn't want anyone to catch sight of her bare belly, which wasn't really sexy at all. But - Saffi had no choice. She had promised Brittany that they'd dress like twins, and Brittany had unfortunately chosen to crop her I'm A Celsius Fan shirt ala Britney Spears during her teen years.

"Sorry, Saffi, I lost the bet."

It was all the warning she had before Rathe bent and swept her up to heft Saffi over one broad shoulder.

"Aah!"

Camera bulbs flashed amidst hundreds of clicking sounds as Rathe started to walk towards the limousine, flanked by Constantijin and Staffan at each side. He said apologetically under his breath, "Constantijin cheated. He really should be the one doing this."

Constantijin retorted, "I did not cheat, Your Grace. You just suck at poker. You always did."

Ignoring that, Rathe told Saffi, "You two should just admit to your relationship."

"Not just yet," Saffi protested. "The other fangirls would be crushed."

"Saffi, my dear," the duke murmured as he bent down to deposit her inside his limousine, "Can't you see that Staffan's already crushed every other woman's heart since he met you?"

Startled, she looked at Rathe. Then she looked over her shoulder and saw Staffan gazing at her. His eyes burned with a desire that was only for her, and beyond him were his fans, heartbreak written all over their faces. Once upon a time, Staffan Aehrenthal had not just been Sweden's #1 Sex God. He had also been Mr. Fucktastic, a rock star who had been famous for doing it with a different fangirl, groupie, or just about any hot chick he fancied after every concert. There were rumors that he could even please multiple women all at the same time, and Saffi knew from painful experience that it was true.

That it had been true.

Staffan was the last to get inside the limousine, and the moment the door was shut closed, he growled, "Come here." He was almost rough in his need to get to Saffi, and the moment he had her on his lap, he took a fistful of her beautiful silky hair and pulled her head down to kiss her.

Saffi's arms went around his neck, kissing him back just as hungrily. There would never ever be a day she would tire of it, Saffi was sure, not even when she was eighty and unable to scream his name whenever his song would play on the radio.

When Staffan lifted his head, she smiled up at him dreamily.

He smiled back. "So, koukla mou, another lie?"

Diabolical dottyback.

"Err---"

"Was sick Aunt Brittany's dying wish to watch Celsius and wear a shirt that could pass as underwear?" He suddenly looked like he wanted to strangle her. "Did you f**king forget one of your beloved fangirls almost got away with throwing acid on your face? Did you f**king forget that the last time you held a mini fan convention, those f**king Celsius fans went on attack like rabid dogs and almost beat you up? Did you FUCKING forget any of those?"

Her normally agile mind failed to come up with an answer that would appease Staffan's temper. "Umm, I f**king didn't?" She whispered the words, hoping to make Staffan smile.

A muscle started ticking near Staffan's tightly clenched jaw.

Constantijin and Rathe were coughing.

She said in a weaker voice, "Super oh-my-god I-can't-believe-I-lied I'm sorry?"

This time, the two weren't able to hold their laughter back. Staffan looked murderous, but before he could speak, the limousine had slowed down.

"Good night, Saffi," Rathe said just as his chauffeur opened the door.

Constantijin murmured something laughingly but Saffi wasn't been able to catch it because Staffan had already lifted her out of the limousine.

"Wh-why did we get out?" Saffi did her best to catch her breath and catch up with Staffan.

"I have my car parked around the other block."

"Oh. So we're not going out with them for din---aah!"

Staffan suddenly pulled her into a dark alley, dragging her further into the shadows. And then she was facing the brick wall, Staffan behind her, his hot breath fanning her ear.

"A f**king Celsius concert, Saffi?" he growled.

She shivered, borne of desire rather than fear.

"You lied to me to go to their concert?"

She flushed. "I'm sorry---"

"You think they're hotter now?"

"No!"

Staffan's hands crept under her miniscule shirt, cupping her br**sts as Saffi moaned. Licking her ear to make Saffi whimper, Staffan purred, "Did you want to make your dreams about being their groupie come true?"

"No." She sobbed the word out, her entire body tensing as Staffan pushed her bra out of the way with one hand while the other went inside her shorts, past her panties, and right into her, his fingers sliding into her already throbbing sex.

"I don't f**king believe you."

"I promise!" Saffi couldn't help pushing her sex against his fingers, wanting more of his touch. Her br**sts jiggled, and Staffan squeezed hard in response.

He took a step towards Saffi, pressing her completely against the wall. He pulled his fingers out and she shook her head in protest. "Make me believe you, Saffi. Tell me what you want. Everything - your secret desires, your fantasies. Tell me how much you want me."

She tried to turn her head, but he didn't let her. Sobbing, she whispered, "I want you." She tried to grab his hand, but instead Staffan captured both her hands and locked them behind her back. Saffi moaned. "Staffan, please!"

"Tell me," he gritted.

She could hear him freeing himself, and just the sound of it was enough to have her sob, "I want you! I want your dick inside me! I want you f**king me hard now! I love you f**king----"

It happened so fast, Staffan pushing her shorts down, ripping her panties off, and then he was inside her.

She started to moan, but Staffan's hand clamped over her mouth. "Someone's coming." Staffan hissed the words in warning even as he was pulling out and then driving his throbbing dick back inside her.

The footsteps became audible, and her body stiffened.

Staffan thrust harder.

Saffi moaned into his hand, shaking with each thrust. Just a short distance away, a group of teenagers came to a stop within the circle of light under a street lamp.

"Anybody want one?" One of the boys held out a box of cigarettes.

As the boy passed the box to his friends, Staffan pinched Saffi's nipple, exerting enough pressure to make Saffi release a mindless scream. Anticipating her response, Staffan had already turned her head to face him, and he caught the scream with a kiss.

Staffan. She wanted to moan his name out loud, needed Staffan to hear how much she needed him, wanted him, and loved him.

Staffan lifted his head. He released her breast, his hands drifting down before his fingers tightened around her hips.

"Lighter?" a girl asked.

Staffan suddenly lifted Saffi's hips, which made her feel like she was floating---

Aaah. Staffan's thrust drove deeper into Saffi in this new position. As Staffan pumped into her harder and faster without making one damn sound, Saffi clawed helplessly at the wall, feeling like her whole world hung on the balance of Staffan's cock.

Oh God, he was killing her with so much pleasure.

A few feet away, the teenagers were joking around, still standing there, an unknowing audience to Staffan completely taking over Saffi's body. In, out, punishing her ever so sweetly with his unceasing thrusts---

"How do you feel," Staffan whispered roughly into her ear, making Saffi shiver, "about coming while they're within earshot?"

She shook her head desperately even though her body trembled with excitement at the thought.

His low chuckle only heightened her desire. "Don't lie, baby. I want to give you everything you want." He pulled his c**k out, withdrawing completely, leaving Saffi aching so badly she started to cry, tears running silently down her cheeks.

She needed his cock.

And he knew it.

"Tell me you want it." His words played over her body, making her br**sts throb, her belly cramp, and her sex quiver.

"Tell me, Saffi."

Her words came out a strangled whisper. "Make me come. Make them hear me---" Staffan took in her silent scream as he thrust his c**k inside her, his dick ramming into her again and again. There was no respite, no chance to breathe. All she could do was feel, letting Staffan absorb her moans and gasps because she just couldn't think anymore.

Harder, harder, his thrusts hammering into her until she was shaking so badly she was limp against the wall.

Aaaaah!

Saffi's nails scraped the bricks as Staffan's fingers found her clit, pulling at it so hard there was no way for her to avoid falling into a sensual abyss. Her orgasm was cataclysmic, so dazzlingly beautiful that it left Saffi dazed and openmouthed.

Staffan...Staffan...Staffan...

It was all she could think of.

Behind her, Staffan tensed, and then he was biting her shoulder hard, his c**k pumping his seed into her, a furious rush of hot sticky cum that she wanted to taste because it was his.

The teenagers walked away.

They stayed there, breathing roughly.

Staffan twisted her around. They faced each other, her back resting against the wall as she raised her bare legs and locked them around his waist, his c**k sliding into her as their bodies came into contact once again.

Her head fell against the wall at the penetration, and she squeezed her eyes shut because the sensation was just too much.

Staffan's head dipped, and he sucked on her nipple leisurely, sweetly.

Her hands found his hair, luxuriating in its softness. "Staffan," she whispered.

He raised his head. "I know, baby." His f**k-me eyes burned so brightly it made Saffi catch her breath.

Staffan cupped her breast possessively. "Mine, Saffi, all mine." He pushed hard against her, and his semi-hard c**k pushed into her just as deeply, possessing her as well. "Like I'm all yours."

His words stayed with Saffi throughout the night as she and Staffan went home to his pad, where they had spent the last two weekends.

Staffan stirred beside Saffi, pulling her towards him possessively. She obediently moved closer, loving the weight of his leg over hers, his c**k nestled against her bottom. "What are you thinking about?" he murmured sleepily.

"Nothing," she whispered, moving her head up so he could slide his arm underneath. She settled back against the pillow of his arms, and it felt like she was home.

"Hopefully, not another lie." Staffan was only half-joking.

She nodded.

He sighed even as his lips pressed against the back of her head. "Why don't I believe you?"

Saffi closed her eyes. "I have no idea."

She felt Staffan smile behind her. "Another lie," he told her. "When will they be over, baby?"

Her stomach cramped, the answer to his question something that Saffi herself did not want to face.

Never.

As Staffan's breathing eased, her phone beeped. Making sure that only her hand moved so as not to disturb Staffan in his sleep, Saffi checked her phone.

It was Steel.

We need to talk.

Her phone beeped again.

It was Jeremy.

We must talk.

She deleted their messages.

Just another day, she thought to herself. Just another day to make Staffan love her more.

Chapter Two

Miss you, baby.

Twitter: Crazy_4StarryEyed

Performance at this year's VMA - check.

"We f**king rocked it!" Staffan's head choreographer yelled, and the entire crew cheered, Staffan clapping along with the rest of them. He missed Saffi like crazy, but at this moment, the emptiness felt a little less bad. He and his crew had worked their butts off to get ready for tonight, and it had paid off, if the continuing screams from outside were any indication.

Beep, beep, beep.

A cacophony of sounds resonated in the room, their phones ringing at the same time, including Staffan's. He smiled, knowing it was Saffi, probably sending them a congratulatory message. He checked his phone, and it was Saffi, sending them a video link titled 'Congratulations'.

In seconds, screams, curses, and the sound of phones crashing to the ground filled the room.

"WHAT. THE. FUUUUUUCK?"

"OH MY GOOOOD!"

Staffan speed-dialed Saffi with fingers shaking from shock rather than fury, even though he would never admit to it.

Saffi answered right away, her soft giggles a sound that would normally have him smiling. Now it just made him grit his teeth, snarling, "What the f**k, Saffi?"

Saffi's giggles turned into peals of laughter. "Did you guys like it? Congratulations! You were all awesome!" She had sent Staffan and the entire crew a link to a video, one that started with a cute scene of children bowing as if in gratitude, which then quickly segued into a terrifying in-your-face look of the witch from The Conjuring, followed by a dimly shot view of Annabelle - the real haunted doll, sitting on a blue-silver seat, one that looked distinctly like the ones in Staffan's own private jet.

LET'S PLAY HIDE AND CLAP.

Saffi was still laughing.

Staffan switched the phone to loudspeaker. "Saffi," he drawled in a clear ringing voice, making the room fall silent, "---wants to know what you guys think of the video."

Saffi shut up.

There was a moment of silence before the entire crew exploded.

"You really had to make us see that! After forcing us all to watch The Conjuring with you---"

"And you had the boss rent out that entire cinema, so we had rows and rows of empty seats behind us---"

"I couldn't pee on my own for f**k's sake---"

He switched the loudspeaker off while his crew continued to rage. "Want to hear what else they have to say, koukla mou?" Staffan asked silkily.

"It was just a joke," Saffi said weakly.

Static noise answered her. She heard a door closing in the background before Staffan's voice came through the line, low and velvety. "Now I can hear your beautiful voice clearly."

Saffi blushed. "Staffan."

He chuckled. "How's your family?"

"They're...the usual."

"Sure you don't want me to join you after I wrap things up here?" With him away for the weekend, Saffi had told him it would be a good time to join her family in the Hamptons. Staffan knew now that she was the youngest child and only daughter of Senator Samuel March as well as being the much-loved sister of Steel March, whom his own stepfather did business with. The knowledge had unsettled him a bit, making Staffan feel like Saffi was someone he didn't deserve. It didn't matter that he was a famous rock star or that he had a billionaire for a stepfather. Saffi had been born with a silver spoon in her mouth. Staffan had come from the streets, and there would be no changing that.

Staffan frowned when Saffi didn't reply. Unused to Saffi's reticence, he demanded, "Tell me what's wrong, baby."

"Nothing---" But her voice caught at the end.

"Saffi, no more f**king lies, remember? Tell me what's wrong so I can do something about it."

"I just...miss you."

He closed his eyes, his chest easing with relief at the words. He pictured Saffi lying on what was probably a four-poster bed, surrounded by all things pink and lacy. No doubt her childhood bedroom would be everything sweet and girlish, just like Saffi was.

The image made his heart constrict. That innocent girl in his mind was now his, and no f**king way would he ever let go of her again. Staffan said gruffly, "I f**king miss you, too, koukla mou."

She giggled, but it was a shaky sound. "Do you have to add f**k to everything you say?"

"Fuck yes."

Her giggle sounded genuine this time, and she said teasingly, "I just don't fuh-uh-ucking get it."

The way Saffi stumbled all over the word made him laugh, but it also made Staffan wish he was back at his apartment, with a na**d Saffi in his bed. "Why the f**k does everything you do or say make me so goddamn horny?" he demanded, but he was only half-joking.

"Don't ever ask that again," Saffi pleaded. "I don't want you figuring out how not to want me."

"See? That just made me even hornier."

"Staffan!"

He grinned. "Fucking love you, baby."

Moisture gathered in Saffi's eyes. Even after spending almost every night with Staffan this past month, she still couldn't get used to hearing Staffan say he loved her. It made her want to pinch herself to make sure she wasn't dreaming.

Staffan Aehrenthal, the rock star she adored from afar all these years? The guy she personally dubbed Mr. Rock Star Chic, not knowing the nickname would stick - the man women all over the world literally worshipped as a sex god...how could this man be hers?

She started to tell Staffan she loved him too, but someone was calling Staffan's name. She heard Staffan answer, his voice muffled, as if he was covering the mouthpiece of his phone.

When he got back, Saffi said brightly, "I know. I get it. You need to go."

"Of course not---"

"Staffan, I'm a fangirl, remember? I need only three guesses to figure out exactly who's talking to you and why you're needed. First, it could be a backstage interview request. Second, it could be---"

"My know-it-all baby." The smirk in Staffan's voice was absolutely sexy.

Saffi couldn't help making a face at his words even though Staffan couldn't see her. "That's soooo funny, har-har."

"You love me, Saffi," he said easily. "So of course you find it funny."

Her mouth opened and closed several times. She could not figure out how to answer that.

Staffan suppressed a smile even as he nodded at the guy who was begging him silently to follow him for the backstage interview. Saffi had guessed correctly. "Saffi?"

He got garbled noise, like Saffi was trying to speak but was unable to.

This time, he couldn't help smirking. "Yeah, I get it. You really love me---"

More garbled noise.

He chuckled. "Fuck you later."

Saffi stared at her phone as Staffan ended the call. Fuck you later?

Annoyingly adorable aholehole!

Her phone buzzed with a message from Staffan.

Call you back in thirty minutes. Don't go to sleep - I want to make you come before you do.

Her lips trembled. She didn't know if she wanted to cry or smile at his message. It was so...Staffan. And then she tasted something salty, and she knew the tears had won the battle. Hurriedly wiping the tears away, Saffi pinched her cheeks to bring back some color into her suddenly pale face. She checked herself in the mirror where her reflection stared wanly back at her.

Damn. She needed to apply more makeup. Steel was going to whisk her to the E.R. if he saw her like this. Her hand shook as she applied lipstick. She needed to look cheerful and healthy, the way a well-loved girlfriend should. The way an expectant mother should.

The lipstick fell from her hand at the last thought.

Fuck you later. His words played in Saffi's mind over and over.

Someone knocked on her bathroom door. "Saffi?" Jeremy's quiet voice was lined with concern.

Without planning to, Saffi fell to her knees, sobbing. She was sure most people would tell her it was just pregnancy hormones. But it was not that. It was because she was scared. She was so terrified, her heart ached with fear.

"I'm forcing the door open if you don't come out in three seconds, Saffi." Steel spoke the words matter-of-factly, and Saffi knew her oldest brother meant it. He always meant what he said. She wished she could be like him.

She wished she had been like him from the very start.

Three seconds passed, and Steel kicked the door open. Staffan was going to wonder about that, she thought absently as Steel knelt down next to her with a curse. Staffan thought she was with her family, but she wasn't. She couldn't be with them, didn't dare go home until she was sure of what to say or do if, as Staffan would so aptly put it, the shit hit the f**king fan.

A hysterical choking laugh escaped Saffi at the thought.

Saffi's brother carefully drew her in his arms. "Saffi." Steel's voice was bleak.

"I'm scared," she whispered. "What if Dad loses the election again because of me, like he did the last time? What if Staffan doesn't believe me when I tell him the baby's his?"

"You have to tell him the truth, Saffi. I can kill this story for now - but I can't do it indefinitely. It will go out sooner or later."

"We just got back together again. He loves me...I know he does, but what if he's not ready for a baby? He's at the peak of his career---"

"If he loves you as you say he does, then his career will not be more important than your unborn child." Jeremy's cold voice was accented, betraying the exotic lineage he had tried his very best to bury for so many years.

Saffi clutched Steel's arm, her nails digging unconsciously into his skin. "Please, Steel. Please kill the story - kill every story until I can make myself tell him. Please."

Pulling his sister closer, hating the frailness of her body, Steel pressed a kiss on her forehead. "You don't even have to ask, baby. I'll do everything in my power to protect you."

But she didn't seem to hear him. Saffi was crying too hard, her body shaking at the strength of her silent sobs. "Please," she begged over and over. "I don't want to lose him. Please. He's everything to me. Everything. I can't lose him again."

Steel murmured comforting words even as he lifted his sister into his arms and carried her to bed. "I promise, baby, I promise."

When Saffi woke up, her brother and Jeremy were gone, leaving a sweet note asking her to take care next to the bottle of prenatal vitamins she was supposed to take daily. Saffi groped for her phone, her heart beating madly. The first message was from Staffan, telling her that he had tried to call her twice but figured she was already asleep and that he would see her soon. She then switched to her phone's browser.

Please, please, please---

She sagged back against the bed when there was no mention of her, Jeremy, or her condition.

The next day, Staffan's curse woke her, followed by the crash of her bathroom door, which she had forgotten to have maintenance repair. "What the f**k, Saffi?"

Staffan was back. Staffan was cursing. It was morning!

Even with her eyes itchy from sleep, Saffi grabbed her phone, her heart beating madly in her chest. It was seven in the morning - late enough that the newspapers should be out by now. She scrolled through the headlines, but there was still no news about her, Jeremy, or her...condition. For now, that was how she wanted to think of it.

She moved on to the next page, but there was still nothing that would destroy her world.

Saffi collapsed against the bed, shaking with relief.

She was safe for another day.

Staffan suddenly loomed over her. He looked beautiful and sexy, stubble covering his jaw. "What the hell happened to the door of your bathroom?" he demanded.

Saffi could only smile weakly. "I accidentally locked myself inside."

His jaw dropped.

And then the next thing she knew, Staffan was doing his best to undress her.

"Wha---" Her words were swallowed by his hungry kisses, and with a sigh, she kissed him back, all her worries driven away by the force of his need.

"I told you," he groaned against her mouth. "Everything you do and say, baby. It f**king turns me on." Staffan moved down, his hands shaping her br**sts as if they were something he missed holding, cherishing. He nuzzled the valley between them. "Everything, baby," he whispered. "Everything."

She closed her eyes as Staffan's kisses slowly went further down, her legs parting sweetly under his command. Please. It was her very last thought before desire caused her mind to go blank.

Please let that always be true....

****

All eyes were on him when Staffan groggily came out of Saffi's dorm room, his back aching like shit because of her too short and too narrow bed. One more year, Staffan told himself. Just one more f**king year of torture and Saffi would graduate and they could finally have a f**king decent bed. But right now, the space constraints of her dorm room didn't allow for changes, so it was either the bed or the floor.

He bit back a curse and a sigh at the thought. One more year, Staffan reminded himself.

As he slid a ten-dollar bill into the slot and ordered a cappuccino, Staffan caught sight of the reflection of a redhead gazing at him on the mirrored surface of the vendo machine. Normally, this would not be something he would notice, but there was something weird about the way she was looking at him.

After bending down to take his coffee and his change, he turned to her.

Guilt flickered in her eyes before she quickly retreated into her room.

It was the same with all the other girls he walked past. On his way back to Saffi's room, he heard Mary - the nice quiet girl Saffi was close friends with - arguing heatedly with another girl.

Staffan frowned. "Hey. Everything all right?"

Mary appeared pale and upset, and she became even paler at his question.

The other girl flashed Mary a triumphant smile before turning to him. She was tall and dark-haired, with an impressive rack made even more eye-catching by her tank top, which seemed to be a size smaller than it should be.

"She thinks I'm being a bitch but I'm not. I just really care about you 'coz besides being hot and loaded, you seem like a really nice guy." She handed him a rolled-up tabloid, which he automatically took. "It seems like you don't know so...sorry to be the bearer of bad news. If you're looking for someone to comfort you afterwards, my room is just down the hallway."

"Staffan---" Mary was looking anxiously at him.

He carefully unrolled the tabloid.

Lies, his heart insisted, but Staffan's mind knew the truth. Without a word, he stalked back into Saffi's room. He took her phone from the bedside table and scrolled through the recent calls.

Jeremy

Jeremy

Jeremy

Jeremy

All in the course of one f**king weekend, the same weekend he had been away. All of Saffi's calls were from the son of a f**king desert prince.

A bitter laugh escaped Staffan. Only Saffi...only Saffi would have found a way to make him feel insecure and lower than shit right now. How the f**k could he compare to a goddamn modern-day Aladdin?

It was like Chloe all over again, but this time it was worse. It was f**king worse because with Saffi, he had loved her so f**king much he had made himself forget the first rule one had to learn from the streets.

Self-preservation.

****

Bag of rolls in one hand and a paper holder with two cups of steaming hot coffee in the other, Saffi debated with herself whether to buy today's tabloid or not. She shouldn't really. She knew that. Steel told her not to. Staffan told her not to, and even Yanna and Constantijin told her not to. With the report of Chloe Gustav's marriage breaking down all over the news, she was likely to see a lot of awful rumors about Chloe and Staffan possibly getting back together.

But that was because they didn't know about her and Staffan, Saffi told herself. They didn't know that he loved her so much he had been living in her dorm room since they got back together, with everyone in uni turning a blind eye to it.

Jeremy had been calling her nonstop last night, but surely it didn't mean anything. She had to believe in Steel. She had to.

Saffi looked at the tabloid again.

She was...going to buy it.

Putting everything down for the moment, Saffi decided it was better to browse through the whole thing without Staffan around. If she did it back at the dorm and Staffan happened to be awake, she would never get to see even one word written in it.

So far so good, Saffi thought, scanning the front page and seeing nothing written about Staffan or Chloe. She flipped through the pages, her smile widening with every page that had nothing about the two until she reached the penultimate page.

The photo, together with the big bold letters written over it, made her feel dizzy with horror.

Homosexual halosaur.

Saffi broke into a run, gasping when she finally reached her room. She threw the door open, her gaze immediately falling onto the empty bed.

Staffan was gone.

Saffi slid to the floor, numb with shock, the tabloid slipping past her fingers, falling open to the page where a photo of Jeremy and her was printed. They had been caught on camera leaving the pharmacy, and a small in-set shot was zoomed in at what she was holding: a pregnancy kit.

ILLEGITIMATE SON OF PRINCE KHALID WITH SECRET FIANCEE, ONLY DAUGHTER OF SENATOR MARCH: BABY ON THE WAY?

She fell on her knees as she picked up her phone from the bedside table. The screen listed her recent calls, and Saffi knew Staffan had seen all her calls were from Jeremy.

Her fingers grew numb as she dialed his number over and over. Saffi grabbed her laptop. It tumbled to the floor, but she didn't care. She picked it up and opened it. She only needed to find a way to contact him, to hear his voice, to make him listen to her.

Please, please, please.

But he didn't answer.

Time crawled at an excruciating pace. Or maybe it flew past her. She didn't know, didn't care. She just needed to hear Staffan's voice. He had to listen to her. He had to.

The shadow of a tall dark figure from the doorway fell over her. She looked up, heart in her throat, but it was not Staffan.

It was a prince to the rescue, but it was not her prince.

"I need to take you away from here, Saffi," Jeremy told her quietly. "The press will be coming any time now."

"I have to wait for Staffan. He's coming back."

"He can talk to you in Steel's home. I'm taking you there. We have to leave now."

She shook her head. "No, you don't understand. Staffan's coming back." Her voice broke at the end. "He's coming back, Jeremy. He loves me. He'll listen to me."

"I'm sorry, Saffi. But you don't seem to understand either." His voice was pained. "Your university's going to kick you out. They can't have the press descending on them. You must leave."

She shook her head. Her head ached. Her heart hurt. And her---

Saffi looked down at herself in horror.

"Jeremy," she whispered. "Take me to the doctor. I don't want to lose my baby."

****

"You need to go back to Saffi's dorm," Constantijin said implacably the moment Staffan answered his call. When his friend didn't answer, he said quietly, "Give her a chance to explain. You didn't give her one before, and look at how well that turned out."

Staffan squeezed his eyes shut, Constantijin's words hitting a raw spot.

"I made sure none of the newspapers or agencies I own carry this shit, but I can't control the others. They're going to Saffi because she's more vulnerable than you are. If you still love her, then get your ass over there and give her a f**king hand."

Staffan ended the call.

"Go back to Saffi's uni, Bob."

Bob nodded, turning the car around so fast the wheels squeaked underneath them. The sight that greeted them there was horrendous, a mob of reporters that seemed more like vultures than humans as they pestered university students for news about Saffi.

Staffan was about to get out of the car when he saw the crowd parting, double rows of liveried men creating a path that led to a waiting limousine.

And then...

Saffi.

A tall dark man walked beside to her, his arm wrapped protectively around her shoulders.

Damn you to hell, Saffi March.

Damn you to hell.

Chapter Three

Saffi March set her Facebook account to private.

Saffi's father stood and immediately went around his desk the moment the door to his office opened. At the senator's nod, the secretary reluctantly closed the door behind Staffan Aehrenthal, a still-dazed look on her face. She could not believe she had just seen the famous rock star in her boss' office. Most times, his guests were boring old farts and snooty women from his old hometown. None of them certainly deserved the title 'sex god', even if they were to walk in here naked.

Maybe, she mused, this had to do with the scandal poor Sapphire March had become recently embroiled in - maybe the very same reason that the men of the March family were now here en masse.

Senator Samuel March was tall and distinguished looking, his patrician features only made more handsome by age. At the other side of the expansive office stood three men. They had a look of privilege to them, and even the youngest of them appeared immensely self-assured.

Staffan despised them all on sight, especially the f**king prince whose name was still being linked to her. The man was too handsome for his own good, and he even had a f**king princely air about him, as if it was part of his day job to rescue damsels in distress.

Did that f**king include knocking up a girl who already belonged to another man?

Senator March moved forward, asking politely, "Staffan Aehrenthal?"

Staffan forced himself to look away from the royal ass**le. He took the hand offered to him and shook it, answering mockingly, "Senator March?" If the old man thought he'd f**king kowtow to him just because he had a seat in the f**king government, then he would be f**king mistaken. The old man should be thankful Staffan retained enough of his manners to call him by his title when he wasn't even American.

The senator didn't appear to mind the mocking tone to his voice. He only nodded, continuing in the same polite voice, "Thank you for accepting my invitation, even if it was on such short notice." He gestured to the seating area at the side. "Shall we?"

Staffan followed the old man, sitting only when the others had taken their seats. He was alone on the couch. Across him, the prince and Saffi's oldest brother sat beside each other. The younger brother and Saffi's father took the armrests flanking Staffan's sides.

In all, it was like the March family against him, a declaration that also meant they considered the prince a part of their family.

Staffan's eyes became cold, but his voice and smile were perfectly charming as he looked at the prince. "Jeremy Al-Atassi, isn't it? Or should I call you Your Highness?"

"Whichever you prefer," the prince responded evenly.

Cold f**king bastard, Staffan thought. If this was Saffi's first love, then her taste had gotten a lot better by hooking up with him. At least Staffan was human. This one seemed like a f**king statue.

"Mr. Aehrenthal, I'm assuming you know why we've invited you here."

"It was more like a f**king threat to be court-marshaled, but yeah, thanks for the invitation." Staffan was grimly satisfied to see Silver March stunned at his use of invectives while the prince's lips silently tightened. Yeah, well, this was the real him and he would not f**king change anything about who he was.

"I apologize if that was how it seemed, but it was imperative we talk to you as soon as possible."

Somehow, the senator's still-polite voice grated on his nerves, and Staffan just wanted everything to be over. He didn't f**king need any of the Marches in his life. They had done enough f**king damage, and he doubted he would ever trust a woman again after the number Saffi had done on him.

But before he could speak, the f**king prince leaned forward, saying in a hard voice, "I'm not the father."

"I don't give a f**k."

Everyone except Saffi's oldest brother reacted to his words.

The senator whitened, Silver's face went cold, and Jeremy's fists clenched, the air in the room suddenly alive with tension.

Staffan gazed at the prince challengingly, knowing the smirk on his lips would be grating on the other man's noble nerves. "Throw the first punch," he invited softly. "And I'll be more than glad to f**king give you a taste of my own fist."

"Unfortunately, that would have to be postponed, however much I look forward to seeing you beaten up myself." It was the first time for Steel March to speak, his name perfectly apt to describe the way he spoke and gazed at Staffan. There was no compromise, no emotion in his aristocratic-looking face.

"I will get to the point, Mr. Aehrenthal. You will marry my sister tomorrow---"

Staffan jerked in his seat.

"Or your family reads reports about you taking advantage of a nineteen year old."

"I didn't even f**king know she was nineteen," he said tightly.

"You know now, Mr. Aehrenthal, but I doubt it makes a difference to you. The fact of the matter is, you care about your mother and stepfather - and it is perhaps the only positive trait you have. We also both know that over the years, you have worked hard to ensure that your younger brother and sister remain unaffected by your, shall we say, notoriety. But the news of you practically raping a teenager, one whose childhood trauma is fairly well-known in our circles---are you willing to risk that, Mr. Aehrenthal?"

Staffan's own fists clenched at the threat, knowing how such headlines would affect his family's lives.

"But that's not all, Mr. Aehrenthal. We have also taken steps to ensure that your friends' businesses would not remain unaffected by your transgressions. You are a part of the so-called Pussketeers, are you not?"

The cold disdain in Steel March's voice hit a raw spot. He sneered, "Yes - and your sister's pu**y was one of those that I f**ked."

The prince accepted his earlier challenge.

He threw a punch at Staffan, who swung his fist back. Their bodies slammed against each other with a loud thud as they crashed on the center table. Its glass surface broke, and the two of them fell to the ground, shards of glass pricking their backs.

Before the March brothers could haul them apart, Jeremy and Staffan managed to throw a few more punches at each other, both their faces snapping to the side at the impact of their blows.

Jeremy's nose was bleeding, while Staffan's lip had a painful cut. Bruises circled both their eyes, which were already starting to change color.

Staffan wrenched away from Silver March's hold. "Why the f**k do you want me to marry your sister when we can't even be f**king sure I'm the father?" He looked at the prince in contempt. "Don't think I'm not f**king aware about your f**king desert kingdom. Your daddy's got you to ditch the commoner for a princess, didn't he?" He turned to Steel next. "And now your baby sister's without a daddy for her brat, you want to f**king trap me with a shotgun wedding? You need a f**king face-saving excuse so the senator here wins the election?"

None of the other men spoke.

When Steel spoke, his voice was mild, a cruelly cryptic smile playing on his lips. "You have the most incredible talent of putting one and one together and coming up with the most inventive theories, Mr. Aehrenthal." The smile disappeared. "But in this case, hypotheses don't matter. I will spell out the facts for you. In an hour, we can have the story about you taking advantage of an innocent nineteen-year old girl circulating in the media. In an hour, we will cause problems that will affect the businesses of Constantijin Kastein and Rathe Wellesley, both of whom are not American citizens and as such are not a priority of this country."

"I could sue you for blackmail, you bastard."

"Of course - but by then, the damage would have been done."

Staffan said quietly, "You do know that when I marry your sister, I'll make her life a living hell?"

Steel did not appear affected. "I'll ask you this question just once. Are you going to marry my sister or not?"

****

The soft knock on her door told Saffi the identity of her visitor even before it opened and Steel came walking in. His face was expressionless, but she knew both her brothers well. One look into his eyes, and her heart lurched.

"You shouldn't have," Saffi whispered, weakening at the realization that they had done the unthinkable. She lowered herself on the bed, feeling like all the life had gone out of her.

Her family had forced Staffan's hand, and he had said...yes.

Staffan Aehrenthal was going to marry her.

"You shouldn't have waited for me to make a move," Steel said flatly.

"He needed time, Steel. He loves me. I just needed to find the right time to explain---" Her voice broke. "He'll just hate me more now."

"You don't understand, baby. There is no time left for any of us." He crouched down, taking her hands in his. "I would never hurt you for the world, Saffi, but this time you have to be stronger. Mother found out."

He didn't have to explain anymore. Saffi squeezed his hands, knowing that Steel was doing his best not to show his fears. But he did fear. They all feared.

Thirty minutes later, Saffi took the seat next to Pearl Beaufort's bed. A smile wreathed her beautiful face upon seeing Saffi. She raised her hand to touch her daughter's face, and Saffi tried not to react at the sight of the tubes intravenously connected to Pearl's veins.

Stress was the main reason Pearl had been confined, their mother losing consciousness once she found out Saffi was pregnant from the tabloids and then learning from Saffi herself that Jeremy wasn't the baby's father.

"Is it true, what Samuel said?" Pearl asked.

Saffi didn't force a smile. Her mother would know if she was pretending. Choosing to stick to the truth as closely as possible, Saffi nodded, saying shakily, "He was angry at first. He thought I was trapping him into marriage, but he understands now."

Pearl sighed. "I didn't realize how important the election was until all this happened."

"You know how Steel is. He's very protective of us."

"But to force you two to marry prematurely?" Pearl exclaimed. Her heart monitor beeped loudly, and Saffi glanced at it in alarm, seeing the way Pearl's heart rate had become erratic at her words.

"Mom, easy now..." She did her best to sound teasing. "We don't want you to have new wrinkles at my wedding, do we?"

Pearl grumbled, "If I ever get out of this bed soon."

"That you don't have to worry about since we'll have the wedding ceremony here."

"What?" Pearl sounded shocked, but she also sounded pleased and Saffi knew that they had all done the right thing. The look of happiness on Pearl's face was more than worth every lie they had uttered - and every threat they had needed to use to get Staffan to marry her.

Saffi stood up, pressing a kiss on Pearl's forehead. "I love you, Mom." She would never forgive herself if something happened to Pearl because of her. The doctor had been explicit with his diagnosis. Pearl had a weak heart, and undue stress could easily trigger an attack. She would gladly do anything to ensure that Pearl would get better - and that included losing Staffan's love.

Because when it came down to it, Saffi could earn Staffan's love back again. Lives that were lost would remain lost.

Their faces drawn, her brothers immediately came to their feet the moment Saffi quietly closed the door behind her. Pearl's suite was the most luxurious one in the hospital, with its own receiving area and a spare bedroom.

It was tastefully decorated in pale blue and ivory, but worry had made them all oblivious to the beauty surrounding them.

"Did she take the news well?" Silver demanded.

Saffi nodded. "She's happy to be part of the wedding tomorrow."

Closing the distance between them, Steel drew her close in an embrace. "As soon as we are sure Pearl is well, you can divorce Aehrenthal---"

Saffi pulled away with a shake of her head.

Steel's face became shuttered.

"I know you're angry at him, but he's not the one at fault here." Unconsciously laying a protective hand on her belly - a gesture that was not lost on her brothers - Saffi said haltingly, "He's the father of my child and I love him. He loves me too, Steel. He does, I promise, and you'll see it once I make Staffan see the truth."

Steel's gaze narrowed on Saffi's eyes, as if searching for something. As if coming to a decision, Steel said finally, "We'll see then, Saffi. He wants to meet with you at the clubhouse tonight."

Chapter Four

The freak's back!

Twitter: Vania_C

The clubhouse in Saffi's hometown was bigger than most, and its crowning glory was the massive ballroom - a structure made entirely of thick and completely transparent fiberglass. She used to love the place because it was where her parents celebrated one of their wedding anniversaries, but after the humiliating fiasco she experienced in the hands of Vania Coolidge, the worst of Steel's long list of ex-girlfriends, all her beautiful memories of the place had vanished.

As Saffi walked past the ballroom, a structure constructed separately from the rest of the clubhouse, she kept her gaze carefully averted. By the time she reached the main hall, Saffi had nowhere else to look but down. Everyone was looking at her, talking about her - and none of them were bothering to pretend they weren't.

The receptionist of the clubhouse's restaurant was perfectly bland as she murmured a greeting to Saffi.

Her smile strained, Saffi said haltingly, "Is there a reservation under Mr. Aehrenthal? He's expecting me."

The receptionist - Mandy, according to her name plate - blinked at her words.

She suddenly appeared unsure, prompting Saffi to ask awkwardly, "Is there no reservation?"

Mandy responded with a polite smile. "No, Ms. March. Mr. Aehrenthal has already arrived. I'll lead you to your table."

The moment they went past the double doors guarded by men in suits, Saffi realized the cause of Mandy's predicament and her steps faltered before completely coming to a halt. Staffan had taken the best table in the restaurant, a beautiful intimate table for two set atop a red-carpeted platform cordoned off by waist-high wooden balustrades with elegantly carved posts.

He looked as he always did and no doubt always would, sexier than any man alive had a right to be and insanely stylish. His clothes were always a step beyond what was considered fashionable and never the kind that an ordinary man could carry off.

The most heartbreaking thing about the scene in front of her - he was not alone.

It was clear in the smile playing on Staffan's lips that he was enjoying himself. Those looks under his lashes, the low murmurs, the not-so-accidental brushes of skin as he bent closer to hear what the woman across him was saying - she knew everything about those little signs because once upon a time, Staffan Aehrenthal had used the very same things to seduce her.

Bastardized bitterling.

The words slipped past her lips before Saffi could stop it. Staffan and the unknown woman with him froze at the sound and Saffi made a quick about-face just as they turned to her, but of course it was too late - it was impossible to escape what was about to happen.

"Saffi March?"

Shock temporarily immobilized Saffi at the incredibly familiar voice. Sheer incredulity made her spin around when she recovered, unable to believe what she had heard.

Disconcertment flashed briefly in Vania Coolidge's face before her dark green eyes hardened with malice. Saffi March might have grown more beautiful over the years, but that did not mean anything. This child woman before her would always be a freak, with her crazy smart mind and eccentric ways.

A catty smile forming on her lips, Vania drawled, "Well, well, well, the prodigal princess has returned."

Saffi could not find the energy to smile back. Vania looked amazing, her blond hair long and shiny, falling like golden waves against her bare shoulders and back. Her strapless mini-dress was so, well, mini, it could easily pass as a swimsuit without the crotch. She looked, Saffi realized painfully, like the kind of woman that used to attract Staffan's attention...easily.

"Nothing to say?" Vania let her eyes widen as her mouth formed a fake round 'oh' of surprise. "But wait, you did say something, didn't you?" Her laughter spilled out over the now silent restaurant, with every patron eagerly watching the tableau unfolding before them.

"You are so cute, Saffi. It's like the past all over again. You still talk to fish, don't you?"

She could feel Staffan's gaze narrowing on her and Saffi wondered dizzily if she was going to faint. "I---"

"Poor you," Vania cut her off with a pitiful shake of her head. "Your therapist must be really bad. You should give my friend a try. He's very good at handling, umm, special cases like yours."

Vania started to say something else, but Staffan was suddenly intruding smoothly, "As fascinating as it is to hear about your common history, I'm afraid we'll need to postpone it."

Saffi released her pent-up breath as she realized that would be the end to Vania's attack. There was just no way to say anything else - no way for Vania to get back to insulting Saffi with the way Staffan had so conclusively ended their time together.

Around them, she could still feel the heat of people's gazes, knew that she was still the most interesting subject to be the cynosure of their looks. After all, old habits died hard, and not staring at people like Saffi, who used to be the butt of every person's joke in this town, was one of the hardest habits of all to kill.

Staffan was giving the woman in front of him a properly regretful smile. "Thank you for your company, Vania. Perhaps I can make it up with dinner next time?"

Mollified by the invitation, especially after feeling annoyed at being subtly kicked out of the table, Vania returned Staffan Aehrenthal's smile with a sexy one of her own. Wetting her lips, bending close so that he would know what she was promising, she said huskily, "The receptionist knows my number. I'll make sure she knows you will be asking for it." She made no effort to keep her voice down, wanting everyone in the restaurant to know that of all the women here, Staffan Aehrenthal had chosen to be with her.

"I'll be the envy of every guy here just by having your number."

The words were said so smoothly and convincingly, Saffi couldn't stop herself from staring at the two open-mouthed as they continued to flirt in front of her. Perhaps later she would feel hurt, but right now, she couldn't make herself feel anything. This was not the Staffan Aehrenthal she knew. The rock star she had loved for so long was a foul-mouthed badass sex god who wouldn't have wasted time on preliminaries. He wouldn't have lasted more than five minutes without saying 'fuck'. So why was Staffan acting like this strange polished gentleman, pulling out the chair for Vania as she stood and kissing her on the cheek before she walked away? It was as if he was playing a...

Her heart slammed against her chest.

He was playing a role and it could only be to hurt her. And that could only mean one thing.

Staffan was hurting, too.

Staffan's cold gaze suddenly shifted to her and she swallowed. "I'm sorry to keep you waiting." Her voice shook. She had this crazy urge to bawl like a child as she threw her arms around him, but of course she wouldn't ever get away with that now.

"It obviously wasn't a problem." Staffan pulled out a chair for her even as he dismissed her words. An awkward silence grew between them as she gazed at anywhere but him. It hurt to look at Staffan and feel the sting of his hatred, and it hurt even more to know that she could not in all conscience blame him for it.

The silence persisted. Her impetuous nature won out and Saffi blurted, "You know, don't you?" She didn't wait for him to ask what she was talking about. She said painfully, "You know who Vania Coolidge is in my life, don't you?"

There was the smallest flicker of pain in Saffi's eyes, but Staffan hardened himself against it. Whatever he f**king did would be nothing in comparison to the damage she had wrought in his life. He had fallen for her like a f**king idiot, had begged her to come back like a fool, and all that time she had probably been laughing at him behind his back.

Nineteen-fucking-years-old and she had easily wound a man in his thirties around her privileged little finger.

The memories stung, and it forced Staffan to clench and unclench the fist he had under the table to release his anger. When he was certain he had himself back in control, he told Saffi, "You know what they say."

Her head cocked to the side - such a f**king innocent gesture that used to turn him on, but now all it did was turn his stomach, reminding Staffan of the times she had so easily seduced him into believing she loved him.

The barely concealed contempt in Staffan's hazel eyes made Saffi swallow, but she still insisted on asking, "What do you mean?"

"About the enemies of our enemies being our friends," he taunted softly.

He expected her to get mad, to look hurt---to want to get even. But Saffi only gave him what looked like a pained nod, as if it took everything in her to do that one small thing.

"I understand." It killed her to say the words, but she told herself she owed it to Staffan. She looked up to say more, but the words died in her throat as she saw Staffan's gaze drifting past her and settling on one of the garden exits of the restaurant, where Vania stood chatting with a small circle of friends.

As if sensing Staffan's regard, Saffi watched Vania turn to them.

Her dark green eyes flashed with malicious triumph before she smiled at Staffan, wetting her ruby-red lips once more. The carnal invitation there was already blatant, but it was obviously not enough for Vania, who mouthed to Staffan, Join us.

Every second that played out was like a scene straight from her worst nightmare - one she couldn't wake up from. It just continued, like an unstoppable wave that was only meant to torment Saffi.

Ah, this really...hurt. It so freaking hurt, more than the time she had caught Staffan pleasuring another girl. This time, the hurt was made more unbearable by the knowledge that maybe - maybe she had it in her power to prevent all this. But Saffi had turned her back on that chance because she had been too much of a coward.

Staffan hadn't mouthed an answer back. She should be glad of that, but that was pretty much impossible too, seeing how Staffan smiled at Vania. His air of assurance, the raw sexuality of his presence, combined with his beautiful seductive smile - all of it was more than answer enough, making the other woman swallow.

When Staffan returned his gaze to Saffi, not having to feign his reluctance because there was nothing he disliked more now than spending even a moment's time with the little bitch, he uneasily discovered several changes in her appearance.

In just a few days' time, it was as if she had lost a ton of weight. Dark circles had formed under her eyes, making her appear wan. She looked like she had been f**king shoved down one time too many, and the realization didn't sit well with him.

It f**king pained him to look at Saffi now. He wanted to shout at her, wanted to demand how the hell could she want the prince over him when he was obviously not treating her right?

"You should eat more," Staffan said, even though he was unable to keep his tone from being snide. "Royal babies can't be f**king starved---"

Saffi interrupted with quiet conviction, "Jeremy is not the father of my baby."

His fist crashed against the table, which shuddered under the impact. Glasses fell to the floor, splintering into pieces as silver cutlery clanged after them. "You're ruining my f**king day just by saying his name so if you know what's f**king good for you and your precious prince, don't ever say his f**king name in my presence again."

"Staffan."

He stiffened at the sound of his name on her lips. It felt too right, and that was what made it so goddamn wrong. Emotions that went too far and too deep imploded inside him, and Staffan snatched the dinner napkin from his lap and threw it on the table. "This f**king isn't going anywhere."

Before she could react, Staffan had gotten to his feet and was stalking away. Saffi hurried after him even as she wondered numbly if running was good for her baby. By the time she reached the parking lot, Saffi was desperate, half-running and half-walking now, knowing she had little time left to make it to Staffan's side.

"Wait, please!" She caught hold of his arm from behind and bit back a gasp as he nearly flung her aside in an effort to get away from her. The sun was setting behind Staffan, and it cast a fiery glow around him, forcing Saffi to look away. It was as if the whole world was conspiring against her, making Saffi feel that she no longer had any right to be in Staffan's life.

"You don't have to worry," Staffan snarled as he turned away from his car to face her again. "I'll f**king marry you tomorrow because your goddamn family has left me no choice."

"We don't have any choice either," she whispered. "Please understand---"

"I f**king understand everything now," he hissed. "I know that you're a slutty bitch---"

"No!" Gazing up at Staffan, willing him to look at her eyes to see the truth, she said tremulously, "You know it's not like that---you know I'm not like that, Staffan. You know that. You're just blinded by your anger." Her voice aching with the sobs she was doing her best to keep inside her, Saffi choked out, "I never made love to Jeremy. Please, please believe me. I've only been touched by you---"

"Then why, Saffi?" His low agonized tone made Saffi's head jerk up. "Give me a reason that I'll believe in. Make me understand why the f**k you didn't tell me about the baby the first time you learned about it, tell me why the f**k you went to buy a pregnancy test with that royal ass**le if he wasn't the father of your baby." He looked at her, and all the pain and anger in his eyes translated to his words as he shouted, "TELL ME WHY."

He gripped her shoulders hard. "Give me a f**king good reason to not feel like all kinds of a fool tomorrow, when the reporters find out we're getting married and everyone knows your baby's not mine."

"I was scared!" The words were torn out of Saffi, and she started to cry. "I'm sorry for lying, but I was just scared. After everything that happened to us, I just wanted some time to make you love me more---"

"STOP LYING!" He shook her so hard with each word that Saffi knew his touch would leave bruises. "I know everything now, so stop lying. Your prince dumped you because you were a commoner. He has a princess now, so the fact that you're a senator's daughter doesn't mean shit to him. And because of that, you thought it would be better to have me as your backup daddy---"

"No. No! No!" She tried to shrug his hold away but he didn't let go, forcing Saffi instead to lift her hands up within the cage of his arms. She cupped his face and this time, she was the one not letting go. She would never let him go, and Saffi needed him to see that.

"Staffan, please listen to me. Please just listen. How can you so easily believe that everything we had was a lie?"

But his face remained cold. "Because I've f**king been there, Saffi. I knew Chloe my whole life and she still goddamn threw me away. And I've f**king known you for what? A fraction of my life?"

His hands fell from her shoulders. Staffan took her hands away from his face and she was forced to let him go, her heart breaking as she did.

Staffan stepped away from her, saying between clenched teeth, "I'm going to marry you, Saffi. But it's going to be the marriage from hell---"

Saffi threw herself at Staffan and kissed him. She locked her arms around his neck and kissed him with all that she was worth, pouring every drop of love she could squeeze out of her battered heart, and using every technique she had learned from every sensuous night she had spent in his arms.

"You can try," she whispered against his lips as she tightened her hold around his neck. "But I will also do my best to make our marriage a match made in heaven. Because I love you, Staffan, and I'm going to make you believe me. I'm going to do everything I can, seduce you, adore you, love you---everything." Tears started to fall, but she spoke in spite of them, whispering, "I'm a fangirl, Staffan, and we fangirls don't give up that easily."

She let go before he could push her away, stepping back before he could do something - say something to force her to take her words back.

In front her, Staffan's face had whitened, his lips tight with rage, his eyes dark with emotions too intense and chaotic for her to comprehend.

"Then try, Saffi. Go f**king try - but don't you forget that even the most devoted fangirls are still replaceable." He smiled without mirth. "And I'm not the f**king type to run out of them, don't you think?"

Chapter Five

Can a Kanye West song be classified as a love song? I'm serious. Can it?

Twitter: starry_eyed4SA

Staffan's jaw was aching at the effort it took to smile as he listened to Saffi announce that she was about to read her 100% personalized vows. His original plan for the wedding was to act like a first-class prick, but in the face of Pearl Beaufort-March's gentle countenance, he was f**king unmanned.

She looked frail and beautiful in her white suit, seated in her wheel chair with the senator standing behind her. When Pearl beckoned him to lower himself, Staffan had found himself doing so. "Thank you for loving my daughter, Staffan Aehrenthal." The sweetly whispered words had him swallowing back his bitterness, the irony not lost on him. Because he did still love Sapphire March, whether he wanted to or not.

Constantijin let out a loud cough. Staffan's head turned sharply to him and saw both of his friends looking stoic as they stared with clenched jaws at his soon-to-be bride, as if they were doing their best to hold their emotions back.

He hadn't really looked at Saffi the moment she entered her mother's hospital suite, but now it appeared as if he had no choice. His friends were acting damn strange, and Staffan didn't want to be caught off guard about anything. He forced himself to turn to Saffi.

The sight of her nearly knocked Staffan off his feet.

She made a breathtakingly beautiful bride, her dark hair curled and pinned up, her face framed by a band of tiny pink roses. She wore no veil, and somehow it just made the fact she was a bride - his bride - all the more tangible, with her face bare of makeup except for a dab of pink gloss on her rosebud lips.

She wore a white velvet dress, a hint of cle**age revealed by its sweetheart neckline. It tapered to a tight waist and a semi full skirt, one that swirled just a few inches over her knees. Saffi had matched her dress with white pumps, with the thinnest heels he had ever seen her wear, making her long legs appear even longer.

Her voice faltered, causing Staffan's gaze to return to her face.

Saffi did her very best not to sigh, cry, and scream at the same time. Surely, this was the result of pregnancy hormones. Never ever had Staffan looked this gorgeous in her eyes, even though he was also as dressed down as she was, with a black suit jacket and pants. Of course, Staffan being Staffan, the pearl-white silk shirt he wore under the jacket was impossibly stylish, something she knew conservative men like her brother Steel or even Jeremy would never even consider wearing.

Clearing her throat, she lifted her copy of her vows and began to read.

Staffan's eyes widened at what Saffi held in her hands. Those personalized vows of hers were more than a couple pages long. His eyes narrowed. WHAT IN GOD'S NAME --- If his eyes weren't fooling him, those were typewritten pages, and it wasn't even double-fucking-spaced.

Constantijin coughed again, and Staffan turned to his friend, distracted. Both Rathe and Constantijin had their jaws clenched hard. He looked back at Saffi.

And then he listened, really f**king listened, to what Saffi had to say.

"The sun goes down, the stars come out, and all that counts is here and now. My universe will never be the same. I'm glad you came. You cast a spell on me, you hit me like the sky fell on me - I'm glad you came..."

She took a deep breath and flipped to the next page. "You make it easy as 1-2, 1,2,3,4. There's only one thing to do, three words for you - I love you..."

Slowly, Staffan's jaw clenched hard, too, staying that way as Saffi so beautifully vowed her unwavering love through the words of Mariah Carey, Kanye West, Ne-Yo, and even Nicki Minaj. The entranced expression on Pearl's face as she listened to her daughter speak her vows was the only thing that kept his iron control intact.

The seventy-year-old judge appeared moved to tears as well, and he turned to Staffan expectantly. "Your vows, son, you may speak them."

Staffan stilled, completely unsure if he heard the priest correctly.

Saffi turned to him with a similarly expectant expression, and there was nothing more he wanted to do than strangle her at that moment.

Constantijin and Rathe were coughing again.

Ah, f**k. The only things that came to mind were lyrics from rock and roll songs, and that was all Saffi's f**king fault. Ah, f**k. Think, think. He said in Swedish, "If only you saw what I can see, you'll understand why I want you so desperately. Right now I'm looking at you and I can't believe you don't know you're beautiful."

Pearl nodded encouragingly, her eyes shining with tears.

The f**k - One Direction wasn't enough?

Staffan continued, "Step to the beat of my heart, I don't need a whole lot, but for you I admit I'd rather give the world or we can share mine. I know I won't be the first one, giving you all this attention, baby, listen I just need somebody to love."

By this time, Constantijin and Rathe were coughing so hard that the priest was giving them strange looks.

"That sounded so beautiful," Pearl breathed.

Yeah, well, that was Justin Bieber for her, Staffan thought.

"Say one last thing for Saffi, please," Pearl begged prettily just as the priest started to speak.

Staffan wanted to kill himself.

"Please, son?"

Ah, f**k. Mothers were always his f**king weakness. He turned to Saffi. In gruff Swedish, he said the first thing that came to his mind once more. "It's a beautiful night. We're looking for something dumb to do. Hey baby - I think..." Staffan broke off.

Saffi looked at him questioningly, concern darkening eyes.

Ah, f**k, f**k, f**k.

Staffan finished grimly, "...I wanna marry you."

The rest of the wedding ceremony was a blur, and the next thing he knew, they had exchanged rings. The judge was pronouncing them married and inviting him to kiss the bride. He started to make an excuse, but Saffi was suddenly there, making her mother laugh in surprise.

Her arms wound around his neck and when she tiptoed, he drew his breath sharply because she still had stars in her eyes. And then her lips covered his.

Staffan's world stopped turning with that kiss, and his heart stopped beating when Saffi whispered in perfectly good Swedish, "I promise you, Staffan. One day, you'll know that Bruno Mars was wrong on our count. It's not a dumb thing to marry me."

****

Less than an hour later, Staffan and Saffi were strapped in their seats as his private jet took off. He kept his gaze off her, hating himself for still wanting the girl who had f**ked him over more than any other person in the world.

Staffan's cold anger was palpable, but she did her best to ignore it, drawing strength from the gold band that now encircled her finger. Gazing down at it, she asked, "Where are we flying for our honeymoon?" Staffan's answering laugh made her wince.

"You really think I want you in my f**king bed?"

Yes, Saffi thought. She really did think that, but she supposed it would be better not to say it. Out loud, she asked, "Where are we flying then?"

He answered curtly, "Sweden. My parents would like to meet my bride." He had done his very best to wriggle out of tonight's visit, but his mother had been insistent.

"She must be devastated, son, to have the whole world thinking that your baby belongs to someone else. She must know we will love her and be behind her all the way." No doubt, his mother had remembered all the years they had been shunned by the entire town.

Again, she winced at the way he spoke, and she unconsciously covered her stomach with one hand.

Staffan saw the gesture. "We'll make them believe your baby's mine." He looked at her with hard eyes. "And we'll make them believe that we're f**king happy together."

Saffi was quiet at his words, and he didn't trust it one bit. In a moment, he knew he was right not to do so as she asked, "What's in it for me?" She winced at Staffan's torrent of curses.

"How the f**k can you ask something like that after what I did for your mother?"

She forced herself to meet his furious gaze. Even with him probably wishing she was dead, she still couldn't stop thinking that he was the most beautiful man she had ever seen, the only man she would ever love. The thought made her stroke her stomach. Little one, don't listen to your daddy for now. He's having a...mid-life crisis. Her first words to her baby might be a lie, but it was better than the truth.

She repeated, "What do I get, Staffan?"

"You're really going to do something this low---"

Saffi shook her head. "It's not low, Staffan. It's called fighting for the man I love." She raised a brow. "So again---"

He asked tersely, "What the f**k do you want then?"

"You. In my bed, every night."

****

"She is such a sweet little thing, Staffan," his mother Elvira gushed an hour after meeting Saffi. "Those tabloids are horrible! I've done my research too, you know." She sniffed in disdain as she handed him the platter of roasted turkey. "She and the prince have been friends since childhood. He's the best friend of her oldest brother - it completely makes sense that she would turn to him for help when you two had an altercation."

Staffan could only nod dutifully even as he did his best not to let his cynicism show. He knew the same things Elvira did. The only difference was how they perceived the facts. His mother - a beautiful petite woman whose curves were still eye-catching even in her advanced age - was the perennial optimist. None of their earlier hardships had jaded Elvira, but those years had shaped Staffan. It had toughened him up, made him a realist - but he was beginning to realize that he still had his weaknesses.

Women always succeeded in making a fool out of him, and Sapphire March was the greatest deceiver of them all.

When Staffan followed Elvira into the dining room, he saw in disgust that Saffi had already done a job on his family, weaving her web of deceit easily with her playful smiles and cheerful banter. As he placed the platter on the center of the table, Staffan couldn't help but overhear what she was sharing with her rapt audience.

"Boom, boom, boom..." Saffi was doing her best to imitate the sound of explosions.

"Ooooooh," his younger sister Edana exclaimed. She was a miniature replica of Elvira, hair in braids, with hazel eyes exactly like Staffan's. She looked so much like a doll in her ruffled dress that the first Saffi time had seen her, she wanted to hug the little girl to death.

Clearing her throat, Saffi said in a loud confidential whisper, "It was so dark but we just knew something was going to happen! Someone really special was going to perform so we were bouncing and bouncing in excitement!" Saffi was bouncing on her feet as she spoke.

"And then when the lights came back, OH MY GOD!"

Her audience jerked, including Conrad Aehrenthal, who had a similarly entranced expression on his face. He was tall and, like his wife, extremely good looking for someone in his advanced years. He was supposed to be a billionaire who ruled his resort empire with an iron fist, but at the moment he seemed like a sweet cuddly man who wanted nothing more than to hear stories about his oldest child.

"Oh my God," Elvira was stunned into repeating the same words, shocked by her new daughter-in-law's sudden exclamation. Even Staffan had been taken by surprise, the cutlery he was holding crashing to the floor.

Saffi didn't appear to notice any of these though. A dreamy expression on her face, she said softly, "Staffan was at the center of the stage and he was wearing the most beautiful clothes, you know - the kind that really sparkled in a super manly way? He looked like a god."

"A god," his younger brother Cairo repeated in awe. He had chubby cheeks and the most amazing dimples. He also idolized his older brother and was determined to follow in Staffan's footsteps as a rock star.

"Yes! A god!" Saffi jumped to her feet. "And then he was singing and dancing and then suddenly he saw me and he called me up to the stage and---"

"---and it's time to have dinner," Staffan interrupted Saffi hastily, realizing that she was telling them about the first time they had met and fearing that she would end up giving his family a play-by-play of exactly what happened between them that night. He drew Saffi towards him, but his warning look was completely lost on her. She was definitely in fangirl mode, and it was times like this he had a hard time remembering she was a conniving two-timing slut. At times like this, it was easy to fool himself into thinking she was the Saffi he had loved, the girl who always had stars in her eyes when she looked at him.

His entire family was still groaning in protest, including his parents. His own parents, for heaven's sake, who were supposed to be more mature than his younger siblings!

"But it was just getting to the good part!" Edana grumbled as she went to sit at her place on the table.

"After dinner, can she finish the story?" Cairo demanded as he took his place next to his older sister. At nine and ten, the two were extremely close to each other, and their favorite thing to do in life was to boast to everyone that Staffan Aehrenthal was their big brother.

Saffi beamed, loving how receptive her audience was to listening to more of her fangirl experiences about Staffan, which of course was her favorite subject. Talking about fish was just a close second. As Staffan's hand clasped hers, she said happily, "I would---"

"---be very tired," Staffan ended the sentence for Saffi again, with a pointed look at the younger ones. "We just flew back here, remember? And we'll need to fly back out because I'm in the middle of negotiating my next project."

"Oh."

Edana and Cairo looked more pitiful than puppies beaten on the sidewalk, but Staffan was unimpressed. Underneath their angelic facades, these two could be the devil's imps and were extremely good manipulators.

Saffi's heart went out to the two. "Let's FaceTime when Staffan and I get back to the States. I promise we'll continue the story." At her words, the two quickly cheered up, and the speed with which they had recovered made Saffi blink in surprise and then laugh.

"What time would this call be?" Conrad asked as he pulled out a chair for his wife. Frowning, he added, "I might have a meeting I'm unable to cancel tomorrow."

Staffan nearly rolled his eyes at the seriousness of his stepfather's tone.

"Oh, yes, that's with UNICEF, right?" Elvira squeezed her husband's hand in silent thanks for his courtesy before graciously taking her seat.

Knowing what was expected of him, Staffan also pulled a chair out for Saffi. She was visibly startled and then looked at him with a glowing expression on her face.

Ah, f**k.

Saffi tiptoed and placed a shy kiss on Staffan's cheek. "Thank you," she whispered before taking her seat across the kids.

As she looked down, she missed the way Staffan's parents exchanged smiles. But Staffan didn't, and his insides clenched as he sat in between his father and Saffi. All of them were being fooled - just as he had been.

Yet even as the knowledge taunted him, Staffan couldn't help but submit to a moment's weakness. Pregnancy had given Saffi an inner glow, making her seem more feminine and womanly. Her softness was ethereal now, and it was sexy as hell. Just one glance from those blue eyes, the brush of their skins, all of it made him want to forget that Saffi had given herself to another man.

When Staffan reached for her hand under the table, Saffi couldn't breathe, couldn't talk - she just felt. She wanted to cry and right now, she didn't think it was just because of hormones. Surrounded by the warmth of Staffan's family, seeing how much his younger siblings resembled Staffan - it had made Saffi try to imagine what their baby would look like.

She squeezed Staffan's hand even as she nodded several times to Edana and Cairo, who were both taking turns telling her about how Staffan's last visit had caused a riot. "There were---" Edana paused, her forehead furrowing. She spoke the word in Swedish, giving her father an inquiring glance.

"Barricades," Saffi translated with a smile.

All heads turned to her. "You speak Swedish?" Conrad exclaimed.

Saffi colored. "Just...enough. I wanted to surprise Staffan."

"I was dutifully surprised," Staffan said dryly even as he softly rubbed his thumb over her knuckles.

"I'm so happy you speak Swedish!" Cairo burst out. "There are so many more things I wanted to say but I couldn't figure out how to say it in English." He made a face at Elvira.

Elvira made a face back. "No. Rules are rules - you must practice your English if you are speaking to those who are not from here."

"But Saffi is family," Edana protested. "We already have to study English in school, Mama. I just don't want to---"

"How about this instead," Saffi interrupted. "You guys talk to me in English, I talk to you in Swedish - so that we all get to practice. Plus," she added winsomely, "I know misery loves company. That way, we're all miserably practicing together."

There was a slight pause before the two children burst into laughter while Staffan's parents grinned.

"Ingenuous - childishly so but ingenuous still," Staffan couldn't help but remark.

"You are such a delight, Saffi," Elvira said with a happy sigh. "I hope you and Staffan can visit us again soon. But---" She hesitated. "Is flying frequently good for your...condition?"

"What condition?" Edana demanded, immediately picking up the change in the atmosphere.

"It's fine, Mrs. Aeh---"

"Mama, please, my darling," Elvira invited.

She flushed with pleasure. "Mama, it's fine. I checked with my doctor. As long as I keep myself hydrated and I do my best to sleep during the flight then rest again when we land, it won't be a problem."

"Why are you checking with your doctor?" Cairo demanded.

Saffi faced the kids. "Because," she confessed shyly but happily, "I'm having a baby."

Staffan released her hand.

Saffi could feel him tensing beside her, and she knew all the memories had just flooded back, driving a wedge between them. Keeping her smile in place, she reached out and grabbed his hand, not letting go even if he was subtly trying to pull his hand away.

Gripping his hand on her lap, she told the kids, "I'm hoping you can all be there when I give birth. You could also help me choose a name for the baby." She pretended to mull it over. "If it's a boy, what do you say about Staffi?"

Silence.

Even Staffan was distracted, and unable to help it, he said, "What the fu---" At his mother's narrow-eyed warning, he corrected himself immediately. "I mean, what the heck are you saying?"

"Well, it's the combination of both our names---"

"I don't fuh-uh-reaking like it." Staffan glared at her.

Edana giggled. "It rhymes with Daffy Duck, though." Her giggles turned into laughter. "Staffan's baby will be named after Daffy!" Her parents and Cairo joined in.

Saffi glanced at Staffan with an innocent look. "You don't like it?"

"He-eck no," Staffan growled.

"Then how about...Stapphire?"

His younger siblings were doubled over with laughter. "Ah, yes," Conrad murmured, straight-faced. "Your first name is Sapphire, isn't it? Stapphire has a ring to it."

Seeing that everyone was ganging up on him, he smiled at Saffi and said in a velvety voice, "I have a suggestion, too, koukla mou. How about we call our baby H because---"

"---ah, on second thought, my suggestions sucked," Saffi said quickly, red-faced at Staffan's threat to share anything about her other persona.

It was Staffan's turn to look all innocent. "But baby, I think it's great. We can combine Stapphire with H because---"

"Because?" Elvira asked eagerly.

"Because H...is...umm...my favorite letter since most of my favorite fish start with the letter 'H'," Saffi blurted out.

Everyone was staring at her now.

"Fish?" Edana finally repeated blankly.

Ignoring the way Staffan's shoulders were rocking with silent laughter, she said weakly, "Yes, fish. I study fish in my university so...umm...I have a lot of favorite fish." Before anyone else could say anything, she looked at the turkey before her. "Umm, I'm hungry. How about we eat dinner now?"

****

Staffan was still grinning as he led the way to his old bedroom. Throughout the entire Thanksgiving dinner, which Elvira had insisted on celebrating in advance while they were all together, Staffan had constantly tried bringing up stories about H, which Saffi had desperately counteracted with stories about her fish. At the end of the day, she had a feeling that the Aehrenthal family was thinking they had welcomed an eccentric fish-obsessed member into their circle.

"It's not funny," she grumbled to him as he opened the door. Walking past Staffan, she only managed three steps before freezing and then completely melting into a puddle of fangirl goo.

This was Staffan's bedroom when he was young, and it seemed that Elvira hadn't changed a bit of it. She half-ran to the shelves, running her hands on the spines of Staffan's books, which were a mixture of music and business. His desk was extremely neat, with framed photos of his family lined up. His walls had framed limited-edition posters of his favorite musicians, a number of them legends in the Swedish music scene.

Staffan's chest clenched as he watched Saffi run around the room like a kid that had been let loose in a toy shop. She looked so innocent, so f**king innocent that he just wanted to goddamn bury his head in the sand and pretend that the world outside never existed. It would be so f**king easy, so f**king better to pretend that Saffi was the same girl he had fallen in love with.

She was smiling and sighing at the same time, letting her fingers drift over every surface. And then she was throwing the doors of his closet wide open---

"Wait, dammit---" But it was too late.

"Oh. My. God." She slowly took the costumed outfit out. "So it's true," Saffi breathed.

"No, it's f**king not."

"I thought it was just some kind of hoax, I mean, you know, like you've been Photoshopped - but it's true!" Saffi started to laugh as she held up the coat hanger holding a plastic-wrapped three-piece Elvis Presley outfit, with an elaborate wig tied to it. "You really did impersonate him when you were in college!"

He grabbed the outfit from Saffi and shoved it back inside the closet before slamming the doors closed. "If you ever breathe one word to anyone about this---" When he turned around to scowl at Saffi, she was already half naked, her dress lying in a pool of velvet around her feet.

His mouth went dry.

Hands now shaking, she unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. "Staffan," she said softly.

"What?"

"I meant what I said. I want you in my bed every night."

His jaw hardened at her words, and she could see his inner struggle reflected in his eyes.

Swallowing, she raised her arms as if to welcome him. "Staffan, please? I want you so much now." When he still didn't respond, Saffi let her hands drift over her br**sts. Closing her eyes, she whispered, "Please, Staffan. I need you to touch me. I need to feel your body against me. I need you to rip my panties---"

It was the trigger she was looking for, and he was on her in an instant. Staffan ripped her panties off the same time he swept her into his arms. His lips took hers as he gently lowered her to the bed. Saffi's eyes pricked with tears she quickly blinked away, everything in her crying out her love for Staffan. Even now - even though she knew he still doubted their baby was his, he was careful not to hurt her or the baby.

She helped him take off his own clothes even as their lips moved hungrily against each other, neither of them willing to break their kiss. When he was naked, Staffan's lean hard form settled over hers like a second layer of skin that was all heat, passion, and magic - oh dear God, it was magic. His kiss, his touch, his possession - Saffi couldn't help whispering, "I love you."

Staffan froze over her, his head lifting up, breaking the kiss.

The memories - those hurtful, deceitful, misunderstood memories were returning to Staffan and she saw how the betrayal and fury made his hazel eyes burn. It hurt her, only because she knew how much Staffan was hurting. He loved her - Staffan had loved her with all his heart, and the world made it seem as if she didn't love him back.

She cupped his face. "I love you, Staffan." Her voice was fierce. "You're the only man I've ever loved and will ever love---"

"Liar," he gritted out.

He started to pull away, but she was prepared for it. Her arms went around him, holding him to her tightly.

"Let go," Staffan snarled under his breath, the feel of Saffi's soft na**d body tempting him to forget. But he was f**king done forgetting. He had played the role of a happy lover and it just f**king hurt to remember that it wasn't true.

Saffi was clinging to him like he was a raft and she was drowning. He couldn't use brute force, unwilling to risk hurting her or the baby she carried. "Goddammit it, Saffi, let go---"

"Never!" Tightening her arms around him, she rose up and aggressively covered his lips with hers. She kissed him deeply, lovingly, seducing him without words. Staffan's lips were tightly shut, but she didn't let it discourage her, licking and nibbling his lips as she pressed her br**sts against his chest. She twisted her legs around his waist as she rubbed her hot sex against his already pulsing dick.

Saffi's breathy moans and calculated moves were fast eroding his defenses. Staffan did his best to put distance between them but Saffi followed him wherever he rolled and twisted on the bed, her lips never leaving his, her hot little pu**y drenching his dick with so much wetness it nearly drove him out of his mind.

"Saffi, f**k!" Staffan rolled to his back as he did his best to disentangle her hold around his neck. But this position was his Waterloo - only he would not know until it was too late. Saffi did let go, only to slither down to take his dick into her mouth, sucking him - all of him.

"Fuck!" He jerked on the bed, nearly sitting up but unable to because his h*ps were imprisoned under Saffi's na**d body, his dick still caged in the beautifully moist warmth of her mouth. She had one hand on his balls, playing with them as her other hand stroked his dick while keeping him in her mouth. The sucking noises Saffi was making filled Staffan's mind and he fell back against the bed.

Slowly, his fingers tightened on her hair, and then he was f**king her mouth. He closed his eyes, closed his mind to the reality of Saffi's betrayal and just lost himself in the pleasure of her touch. He f**ked her mouth hard, his hands not letting go of her head as he lifted his h*ps and began thrusting into her forcefully.

But Saffi didn't seem to care, her hands tightening their hold around his dick as her strokes became faster and wilder. His breath hitched and he knew he was close.

Did she do this for the prince, too?

The thought came out of nowhere and Staffan reacted instinctively even as his arousal reached its peak. Staffan wrenched himself out of her mouth and she let go with a cry, taken by surprise at the roughness of his move. He rose to his knees without a word, jerking himself off as their gazes locked with each other.

And then he was coming with a guttural groan.

"Why?" Saffi whispered the question when she could see that he was completely spent, his dick lying against his belly in a semi-erect state.

His eyes blazed at her. "You have to f**king ask?" Staffan snarled.

She swallowed. "Staffan---"

"I don't know what f**king game you're playing, wanting me to have sex with you. But I have never had a taste for another man's leftovers and you're no f**king exception."

Bile rose at her throat at Staffan's obvious contempt, humiliation at his rejection making Saffi want to cover her nakedness. But when he turned to leave, she couldn't help cry out his name.

Staffan stilled but did not turn to face her.

"We had an agreement, Staffan." Her voice was uneven but determined. "I want you in my bed every night and that still...stands. Even if we don't...do anything." She gripped the bed sheets, twisting them into knots, using it a way to release her tension. "And since you think I'm such a deceitful bitch, then you won't risk backing out of our agreement. Because your siblings are lovely---"

"Leave them out of this!"

She closed her eyes. I'm sorry, Saffi silently apologized to Edana and Cairo even though she hoped they would never know she was using them as bargaining chips. Turning her back to Staffan, she said quietly, "Then stay with me every night. That's all I want."

Staffan didn't answer. But as she curled herself into a ball under the covers, she heard him moving behind her. He took the top layer off, the one that was now wet with his come, and she dimly heard him throw them on the floor. The bed dipped under his weight and then he was lying next to her, the space between them like a cliff that she couldn't ever cross.

She squeezed her eyes shut as the tears fell.

He lay there, staring at the ceiling, hating everything about his f**king life. And just when he thought she was finally sleeping, he heard her say his name in a tear-choked whisper.

"Staffan?"

Saffi knew he was awake, but Staffan didn't answer. The tears fell faster because somehow, his silence was like being rejected all over again.

Chapter Six

Chloe Gustav: Spotted in Orlando!

Twitter: Aehrenthal_Fanatics

"Where are you going?" Saffi winced at the sharpness of her voice. She hadn't meant to sound like that, but fear and worry made it so. She had been painfully relieved when upon their arrival back in the States, Bob had driven both of them back to Orlando. A part of her dreaded finding out that she would have to stay in her dorm room alone for the rest of the semester, but Silver had apparently arranged for both of them to live off campus.

The two-room apartment had just the right amount of space for a couple, with a minimalist feel to it. The maroon accents were a nice contrast and gave the place some color. The sight of her - their - new home had given Saffi hope. She thought it could be a fresh start for them - until she saw Staffan preparing to leave.

Staffan was dressed to kill. Scarf, sweater, striped shirt, faded jeans and boots - it was rock star casual, the kind that only someone as unfailingly fashionable as Staffan could carry out. Normally, she would be glad to see him wearing that, but it was different now. Staffan was still furious with her, and she couldn't forget the fact that the man before her did still happen to be Sweden's #1 Sex God.

Staffan's tone was chilly when he asked, "Do I f**king ask you where you are going?"

"No, but---"

"Then don't f**king do it to me because what I do on my own time is none of your f**king business."

His gaze was contemptuous and it hurt Saffi to realize that such a look was slowly losing its sting. She was getting used to it, this hatred from Staffan, and she wondered hysterically if that was a good or bad thing.

"This marriage is a farce so don't start acting like you're a f**king housewife and I'm going to cherish you like a besotted groom. I married you because your family blackmailed me into it, but they can't force me to pretend that I'm goddamn happy with this shit."

"But you can be." She couldn't keep silent, couldn't help appealing to Staffan one more time. And Saffi knew she would probably do it again and again even if it killed her. Because she loved him and because she knew he had loved her - still loved her.

"If you just listened to me," she said brokenly. "If you just let me explain---"

"YOU ALWAYS GODDAMN LIE!"

Saffi whitened.

"Don't you f**king understand? I can't f**king trust you because there was never a day that you didn't lie and I'm beginning to think I fell in love with a f**king psycho who can't stop lying!"

She started to cry, and she couldn't stop crying when Staffan cursed.

"I can't deal with this right now." The door slammed shut behind Staffan, and somehow it felt like he was effectively shutting her out of his life as well.

****

"Don't mind them." Mary couldn't figure out if she was warning or pleading with her mentor as the interest in Saffi just kept growing, and not in a good way. The stares and whispers were something she had a feeling Saffi was already used to. But the snide comments were so much worse and even Mary was feeling weak at just how spiteful everyone was being.

If only this line would just move faster, Mary despaired silently. Normally, queues for the Registrar's Office were nonexistent. It was just their luck to line up at the same time the freshmen had been asked to update their records. Now, Mary and Saffi had been forced to listen to everyone bitch about Saffi's love life - they had been listening to it for only fifteen minutes, but in Mary's mind it felt like forever.

Saffi forced herself to smile for the younger girl's sake. Mary was very aptly named, and she had a gentleness about her that helped Saffi keep calm. Before she could answer, the girls behind her were talking again, loudly.

"Some whores just can't get enough of dicks."

"Yeah, like f**king terrorists aren't enough---"

The comment got to Saffi and she whirled around, unable to believe someone could be so blatantly racist. "Excuse me?"

The two girls were just about her age, both of them artificial blondes and dressed in identical Burberry dresses, Ferragamo boots, and clutching matching Gucci purses.

Great, Saffi thought. Jeremy was being badmouthed by the Olsen twins in knockoff designer outfits. Because they were fake, even though most people wouldn't have known it. But then, that was one of the perks of being Pearl Beaufort's daughter.

Burberry Blond One looked uneasy at being confronted publicly, but she quickly hid it behind a derisive smile. "Do you want me to repeat it?"

"Yes," Saffi said calmly, "I do. Because I'm going to have you reported for racism and discrimination, which are considered major offenses in this university."

Burberry Blond 2 came to her friend's defense, snapping, "You think you've got it all, don't you? Even though Staffan Aehrenthal married you, don't think it's going to last. It won't! So if you've lined up here to have your name changed, don't bother."

"Ah, but I will bother. Because, you know, I'm rich and I can afford to pay again to have my name changed back if it doesn't work out." She looked pointedly at the dress, the purse, and the boots. "I'm really, really, really rich." She stroked her original Chanel purse.

Twenty minutes later, Mary was still laughing as she recounted Saffi's earlier confrontation.       "That was so awesome, Saffi!"

"It wasn't really," Saffi confided guiltily. "I've never done something like that before." She took out her phone and started checking Twitter, needing to know if there was some way that what happened had already made it on the Internet.

"Rub people's noses in your wealth---like that kind of something?" Mary teased.

Saffi made a face. "Jeremy was a victim of bullying and racism when he was young so it just touched a nerve." She started to say something more, but then she saw the most recent tweets mentioning her and she paled.

Correctly interpreting the look because she had also seen how the fangirl community reacted to the news of Staffan and Saffi's wedding, Mary said quietly, "Don't let what they're saying get to you, Saffi. You know how they are. They're just reeling because they didn't see this coming. And they don't know the truth."

"Yeah, I know that."

"They'll understand eventually, the moment you and Staffan work things out---" Mary stopped speaking when Saffi looked at her with sudden horror, her eyes wide and dark with anxiety.

"What is it?"

"Chloe - Staffan's ex...she's here---as in here, today, now."

****

A trail left by fangirls was always easy to follow since they had a tendency to be very detailed. In no time, she was able to pinpoint Chloe Gustav's exact location - a hotel owned by the Aehrenthal family. The moment Saffi passed through the doors, she nearly drowned under the chorus of greetings she received from all the employees. Everyone referred to her as Mrs. Aehrenthal - the first time she heard herself being called that. It was surreal and just a little heartbreaking, leaving Saffi rubbing her eyes to get rid of the tears as she entered the lobby cafe.

When she opened her eyes again, Chloe Gustav stood in front of her, a catty smile on her still-beautiful face. "I was thinking it could not be you, but I see that it is you."

Saffi wanted to puke. This was Staffan's first love, the girl who had single-handedly ruined Staffan's life. No matter what she did, even if this whole stupid scandal about their baby hadn't blown up in the newspapers, Saffi had a sinking feeling that she could never replace Chloe in Staffan's heart. First loves were special - she should know since...since Staffan was her first love.

Chloe was heading to one of the tables next to the windows, her h*ps swaying with each move. Tall and svelte, she was like an overgrown Marilyn Monroe minus the beauty mark. Saffi followed behind slowly, stumbling once before she caught herself, feeling na**d under the awkward gazes of the staff around them. One of them would report what was happening to Staffan - she was sure of it.

When they sat across each other, Saffi saw to her satisfaction that Chloe's age was beginning to show. It was such a small thing, but she needed all the motivation she could get. With every second that passed, Saffi felt like Staffan was drifting closer and closer to this woman's arms. And she just couldn't let that happen - she would do anything not to let that happen.

"You shouldn't be here, you know." Chloe fired the opening salvo. She felt like she had to. The papers hadn't done her justice. In those grainy photos, Sapphire March - now the new Mrs. Staffan Aehrenthal - had simply appeared young and unsure. The first part rankled, making Chloe want to take advantage of the latter.

But faced with Staffan's stunningly beautiful bride, Chloe could feel every year of her age - and more - showing up on her thrice-lifted face. This was the kind of woman she had always hated and envied when she and Staffan had been living on the other side of the fence as children. They had only been able to look enviously at what was happening with the wealthy ones.

Before Staffan's child bride could answer, Chloe sneered, "Little girls have nothing to do with adult business." She expected the girl to get mad, perhaps even cry, but the only thing this one did was look at her steadily with clear blue eyes.

It was unnerving, the way those eyes seemed to hide nothing and see everything, and especially when Staffan's new wife started to speak. "Staffan is my husband, Ms. Gustav." Her voice was strained but cultured.

Flustered by the younger woman's unexpected poise and mad at herself for feeling that way, Chloe shot back, "Based on what I hear, he doesn't want to be your husband. They say you forced him to be your baby's daddy when everyone knows it's the prince's."

The words made Saffi twist her hands on her lap, and she was thankful they were hidden from view under the table. She adjusted the napkin on her lap to give her an excuse to break her eye contract with Chloe. If she felt this bad that the whole world seemed to be laughing at Staffan for being cuckolded, how much worse did Staffan actually feel?

"He's the man I love, Ms. Gustav." When Saffi lifted her gaze to meet Chloe's eyes, she didn't bother hiding her emotions. They were plainly visible in her eyes for everyone to see. "He's the man I'll always love so please don't make trouble for him again."

The words were so earnestly spoken Chloe could feel herself whitening. Memories of the past she had tried so hard to forget came back. Once - once she had been as idealistic as this girl. But reality soon taught her that life was a lot different from what she imagined it would be in her head. She had left Staffan, hoping that by marrying someone with the right background, she would finally feel complete and vindicated.

But the marriage had only made Chloe feel displaced, like she was a square peg forcing herself to fit into an elite and restrictive circle.

Deliberately pushing her bitter thoughts away, Chloe said tightly, "You're barking at the wrong tree. It's not my fault that Staffan always wants to help me." Before the other woman could speak, she said in a hard voice, "He loved me. He was head over heels in love with me and though I left him, I didn't cheat on him like you did."

The words were like a punch in the gut, and the pain she felt almost caused her to double over. She could feel the baby inside her moving urgently, as if reacting to her discomfort. She held her stomach protectively, willing her baby to calm down. It's okay, baby, it's okay...we'll fix this. Mommy...will do everything to fix this.

With trembling fingers, she reached for her purse and took out two things that had Chloe raising her brow: a pen and a checkbook.

"State your price, Ms. Gustav," she said tonelessly. "Whatever it is that you need from Staffan - I'll give it to you. Just please don't bother him again. I know...I know I've hurt him, too, but---" Saffi looked away, unable to bear seeing Chloe's face as she admitted a painful fact. "---it doesn't mean that you can have him back. It only means neither of us---" Saffi's voice caught. Her fingers tightened around the pen as she forced herself to say the words. "It only means neither of us deserves him."

Chapter Seven

@Aehrenthal_fanatics Staffan Aehrenthal is a WIMP with a LIMP DICK.

Twitter: GossipXRag

"Do you see it, Staffan?" Yanna's stressed voice came through clearly, and he didn't need to look at the iPad's screen to know that Yanna was probably crying now.

I'm so sorry. All the negative write-ups about Staffan Aehrenthal are my fault. Please believe me when I say there is nothing going on between me and Prince Jeremy Al-Atassi. I am in love and will always be in love with my husband.

The words changed, but the restrained note of intense hurt remained the same. It was Saffi, basically groveling for people's understanding as his fans rained torrents of abuse towards her on the Internet.

"Constantijin told me not to meddle, but I just...I just don't believe that Saffi cheated on you, Staffan. She loves you so much."

He pressed a button to lock the screen of his iPhone, closing his eyes in an effort to will away the words of apology that Saffi had typed in response to his bashers.

Please don't speak of Staffan Aehrenthal that way. He's not a fool and he won't ever be so. His only mistake was not to realize how foolish I could be. But I love him.

No one can ever measure up to Staffan Aehrenthal in my eyes. He's everything I could and would ever want in a husband.

Saffi had been typing the same words over and over from the moment he had married her, and she continued to do so even after he had rejected her when she tried to seduce him in his parents' home.

"Just please listen to her," Yanna begged. "Look at how she's telling the world over and over---"

"It's a goddamn act, Yanna." Staffan did his best to keep his tone even, not wanting Yanna to bear the brunt of his anger. "She's fooled all of us and she's fooling you still. Even if it were my baby, she still f**king lied to me and I don't even f**king know if she's still seeing the prince or not."

"She married you---"

"Of course she married me," he exploded. "It's f**king campaign season and her mother's sick. I'm a face-saving excuse, that's all I f**king am to her!" Bitterness filled him as the words left his mouth because he knew it was true. Pearl Beaufort was just the spark that set things in motion, but at the end of the day, the cold hard facts were undeniable.

The f**king prince had a new betrothed, her senator father was running for re-election, and they needed a way to prevent Saffi from becoming a goddamn brick around their necks and not have the family pride stomped upon again.

Yanna bit her lip in misery, stemming the flow of words that wanted to come out of her mouth. The cold hard look on Staffan's face told her that whatever she would say or do would be futile. "I know you won't believe me if I defend Saffi over and over to you, Staffan - but at least listen to me when I tell you that a woman in love knows when another woman feels the same way as she does. I love Constantijin with all my heart and everything I feel for him - I see it in Saffi's eyes...and it's all for you."

"Again, Yanna, you're being f**king deceived. I have to go now. I'm going to meet with Chloe." As he ended the call, Staffan did his best to forget the stricken look on Yanna's face when she realized what he was about to do.

The call from Chloe had been a shock, but it had not affected him in the way Staffan had thought it would. If he had to put a word to it, he was ambivalent about meeting her but his heart no longer felt it was being shredded at the mere thought of her. It just went to show, Staffan thought with hardening anger, how much Saffi had f**king destroyed him with her lies.

Parking his car in one of the reserved basement slots for his family, Staffan took the private elevator to get to the cafe. When the doors parted, he was stunned by the first person he saw.

Saffi.

The way she kept rubbing her eyes was familiar, something she typically did to keep herself from crying. His heart squeezed at the sight, but Staffan told himself it was none of his f**king business if she cried or not. He shouldn't f**king care since he had left their home this afternoon just for the sake of making Saffi think he was out to do shit.

He deserved to hurt her. She deserved to be hurt. So if she was f**king crying now---

Fuck.

Staffan couldn't believe how stupid he was. She was f**king crying because she probably knew Chloe was here - probably even spoke to her. She was just the type to confront Chloe even if she had no idea how such an encounter would turn out.

Was she thinking he would be two-timing her just as she did him?

He shouldn't care if she did. She f**king deserved to be labeled a fool the way he had been labeled one ever since the news of her pregnancy broke out.

Staffan was still telling himself that when he finally reached Chloe's table. As he slid into the seat across her, he realized with unconcealed shock that Chloe looked old, and it was not because she was years older than him.

It was the jaded look in her eyes, the cynical twist to her lips as she smiled at him. All of those things, he acknowledged uneasily, applied to him as well.

"And so," she said with a soft mocking laugh, "we meet again, my love." Chloe had hoped to disconcert Staffan but instead, he only responded with a smile so unaffected, it made her blink.

Staffan said just as softly, "Today's circumstances are better than the last time we met, certainly." Before she could speak, he told her blandly, "I know why you asked to meet me."

She stiffened but did her best to brazen it out even as her heart pounded with fear. "Of course you do, my love. I'm single and you could be single, too---"

"You are currently one million dollars in debt."

Chloe's mouth closed, her eyes flashing with humiliated fury at the realization that Staffan Aehrenthal did know of her predicament - he probably knew every shitty detail about it. "And so you agreed to this meeting just to turn me down in person?" Chloe was snarling, but inside, the fear of imprisonment was making her feel faint. She could not - would not - survive behind bars. She would probably kill herself before that happened.

The sight of Staffan shaking his head confused her.

"Then what?" she demanded.

Staffan slowly leaned back against his chair. "I want to see you beg, Chloe. I want to hear you beg for your life the way I begged you in the past."

Chloe whitened at his words. She remembered the cruel way she had left him, remembered how she had gloried in the way he was suffering because he loved her so much. It had fed her ego back then, made her believe that she was worth so much more than being engaged to a rags-to-riches heir.

Looking at Staffan, she knew that he could and would extract a much more punishing revenge from her now. Then, he was just begging Chloe for her love. Now, she would need to beg him for her life.

Shame and pride made her react spontaneously. Chloe grabbed the glass of water on the table and threw the contents at Staffan. "Fuck off!" She knew the moment she did it, there was no turning back.

She was over. Her life was over.

Chloe started to shake. "I'm s-sorry."

She had expected Staffan to fly into a rage at what she had done. The old Staffan she knew would have. But this one was...different. He was much colder, harder, a smirk playing on his lips as he calmly took out a handkerchief to wipe the water from his face.

"That was the wrong thing to do, Chloe," he murmured as he set the handkerchief on the table. "I only wanted to hear you grovel but now..." Staffan came to his feet gracefully, and suddenly it struck her - the sheer beauty of him, the rawness of his sexuality - Staffan Aehrenthal was still the most intensely beautiful man she had ever met, and he had loved her.

Staffan had loved her, and she had thrown it back at his face because she had loved herself more.

"Have a good life behind bars."

As he turned, terror enveloped her body and she cried out, "Wait."

Staffan stilled, but he didn't turn, wouldn't perform even the smallest compromise to make it easy for her. And in the deepest part of her, Chloe knew she couldn't blame him. "I'll f**king beg." Every word was forced out of her. She hated the way her voice shook, hated the way her entire body shook, but Chloe couldn't stop it.

A million dollars in debt...

And it was all because she had tried to buy happiness by gambling.

"Do you want me on my knees?"

Staffan finally turned to her. His beautiful face was completely expressionless, and his voice was was just as bland as he said politely, "If you wish."

"I don't f**king wish." The words came out a furious scream, and she knew with those words she had already lost every bit of her pride and self-respect. With that scream, it was as if she was begging every patron inside the restaurant, every f**king waiter, to witness her humiliation.

Here lay Chloe Gustav, once a famous actress, now a bankrupt has-been forced to beg the one man who had loved the real her.

The words burst out of nowhere, strangely melodic and very much like an epitaph. It sapped her energy, and she found herself falling on her knees, completely defeated. "I'm begging you. Lend me the money - please." Her eyes closed as tears trickled down her face, probably the first tears she had shed in years that weren't contrived at all.

Silence answered her. When she opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was a check for two million dollars thrown in front of her.

The sobs came fast and furious, and the memories she had fought so hard to bury broke free. She had been Staffan's surrogate older sister when they were kids. When they grew up, she had been his first lover, his first everything. He had loved her more than life itself, but his love hadn't been able to satisfy the gnawing need in her to be one of them.

Girls like Sapphire March, who had been born with everything.

Only now - only when it was too late - did Chloe finally understand that she could never be like Sapphire March. And it wasn't because Chloe couldn't be as beautiful, as rich, or as sophisticated. Girls like Sapphire had the kind of innocence that couldn't ever be tainted. She used to have that - but she had lost it by turning her back on Staffan.

"Staffan, wait!"

He stiffened at the sound of Chloe's voice behind him. Seeing her had left a vile taste in his mouth. She reminded him of how f**king foolish he had been with her. It was like rubbing salt in an old wound. It became apparent that even though he was over thirty years old now, Staffan could still play the fool because of a woman.

"Staffan---"

He turned to her wearily. "I don't want to have any f**king thing to do with you anymore. Consider that check as my way of saying thank you when you and your mother helped me when I was a child. But after this, I'd rather forget you even f**king existed."

Chloe didn't even flinch. "I know that."

Her words made Staffan narrow his gaze. "What f**king game are you playing now?"

Her answering laugh was bitter. "The silly thing about this is that I should be playing a game, doing my best to seduce you or make you pity me but...I'm not. There's no game."

Impatience made Staffan frown. "Get to the f**king point---"

"I met her."

He inhaled sharply, her words confirming his earlier suspicions. "Just stay the f**k away from her," he said tightly before turning away. Fuck, f**k, f**k. This wasn't part of the plan. He shouldn't f**king care what Saffi thought he was doing with Chloe. He shouldn't. But he f**king did.

"So I was right," Chloe said from behind him. "You love her." He spun around to snarl at Chloe, but she beat him to it, saying with that same unnerving cynical twist on her lips, "And for some reason, she loves you too."

"Shut up!" He didn't like the way she was saying the words. It was as if he didn't deserve Saffi's love, as if Saffi's betrayal could be forgotten just by wishing it away.

"She paid me to leave, you know. She begged me not to hurt you. She even cried, the stupid girl." When Staffan only looked at her, she said savagely, "I'm doing you a f**king favor! Can't you f**king see that what happened to us - what I did to you - is making you act like a f**king ass**le when she doesn't deserve it?"

"Figures you'd take her side," he snapped derisively even as his heart furiously beat at Chloe's words. "Both of you being a slut---"

Chloe cut him off with a f**k-off flip of her finger. "It's your call, Staffan. But I'm telling you - you're close to f**king this up. For some shitty reason, that girl wants to love you to death. She wants to love you forever but even if she wants to - it won't f**king last, Staffan. The same way that you used to love me and it didn't last. Someone will come and that person - if he's smart - he's going to snatch Saffi away and then you'd be too f**king late."

She didn't wait for him to answer, sauntering off with her chin up in the air. For some insane reason, Chloe had gained his respect with that - something Staffan had thought was f**king impossible after everything she had done.

As he finally slid back into the driver seat of his car, Staffan felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. It was a text message from Bob.

Saffi is headed to her brother's office, boss. And she's crying.

Staffan's heart pounded wildly in his chest. When they had broken up, she had done her best to avoid having her family see her in pain. Only the greatest hurt, the most desperate motives could make Saffi reach out to her family like this.

Without another thought, Staffan shifted the gear for maximum speed.

Chloe's words beat his brain like a mallet as he drove like hell to Steel March's office. Someone will come and that person - if he's smart - he's going to snatch Saffi away and then you'd be too f**king late.

No f**king away, Staffan thought grimly. He would not let Saffi leave him. Whatever happened, he just could not let her leave him.

Chapter Eight

Saffi March changed her name to Saffi March-Aehrenthal

Everyone who was ever employed or was still employed by March Enterprises would always pity Sapphire March.

Saffi knew that, had always known that, and she had long accepted it. Their employees tended to grow old with them, and as a result, all of them were like family to her. All of them had seen how hard it was for her to make friends in high school because she was different. All of them had witnessed how she had been turned into a local sensation - a private butt of the jokes by their country club associates and their children - when Vania Coolidge had revealed that at sixteen, their high school's smartest graduate still talked to herself and her fish. The video had been even more humiliating because it had been edited to include comic balloon dialogues from Saffi's aquatic pets.

And the made up remarks hadn't just been crude. They had been vulgar, causing Saffi to be literally sick to her stomach until her parents had rushed her to the E.R. for treatment.

Every second of that video was still vividly imprinted on her mind, never really forgotten - no matter how hard she tried.

"Hi, Freddie," she had greeted the rare-breed catfish she had donated to the middle school science laboratory.

And the video's editor - one of the most popular football players back then and the current vice-mayor of their town - had made "Freddie" answer. "Hi, fish momma. Some day, I'm gonna figure out how to get you alone and fill your tummy with fish eggs so we can make fish babies together." The scene had segued to Saffi's face superimposed on the heads of tiny fish.

Even then, Saffi could not make herself ask for her family's help. They had given it. She had been thankful for it. But she had not asked for it because she wanted to be strong, wanted to find a way to make them proud on her own.

But this time, she had no pride left.

When she got to Steel's office, it was clear he was already waiting for her. He had a phone to his ear, and she had a feeling it was one of his security men, reporting to him about what had just happened. She wouldn't put it past Steel. He had always felt a special need to protect her ever since that awful night.

At the sight of her, Steel ended the call. "Out." He did not take his gaze away as he spoke the word and the group of harried-looking executives seated around the conference table hastened to do his bidding.

When the door closed behind the last executive to leave, Steel said quietly, "Come here, baby girl."

Saffi rushed to him, and she was already crying by the time his arms closed around her. "I'm sorry," she sobbed. "I'm so sorry for being weak."

"You're the strongest person I know, baby. You just have a different way of showing it." Steel hugged his sister as tightly as he could, wishing there was a f**king way for him to absorb her pain. Everything that happened to her since that goddamn night during her high school graduation was his fault, and Steel knew he would feel that way his entire life.

"I issued a check---"

"Sssh. It's okay, I know. It will be good."

"I can't lose him to her, Steel. I love him too much."

The words pained Steel to hear. He couldn't see how a gentle sweet soul like his sister could want such an ass**le. He pulled away, needing to look into Saffi's eyes as he urged her harshly, "Divorce him, Saffi. I was wrong. I was goddamn wrong to force you to marry him." He started to say more when he saw a red light flickering from his desk, indicating a security matter.

"Saffi?"

Something in Steel's voice made her look up in fear. "What is it?"

"Your husband is coming up." The curtly spoken words had barely left Steel's mouth before his doors flew open and Staffan came stalking in, past Steel's hapless-looking secretary. Steel nodded a dismissal before turning to his brother-in-law. Steel had never felt strongly enough about anyone outside his family, but this man was fast proving to be an exception. He despised Staffan Aehrenthal to the point of becoming unreasonable, and his tenuous grip on his temper was quickly eroding with every instance he saw his baby sister being hurt.

Staffan's fists clenched at the way Steel had his arm protectively around Saffi's slim shoulders. It didn't f**king matter that he was Saffi's brother. He was a f**king man and in the mood he was in, he did not any other man touching Saffi.

"What's this? A touching family reunion and I wasn't called to be a part of it?"

Saffi jerked at the jeering note in Staffan's voice, but she still couldn't make herself look at him.

Steel's temper rose when he felt his sister's body jump at Staffan's tone. He said between clenched teeth, "You are five seconds away from being dragged out of here by security."

Staffan laughed. "Pretty boy like you can't handle me on your f**king own, is that it?"

Steel tensed.

Knowing that at any moment the two could get into a fistfight, Saffi made herself look at Staffan. A silent cry of alarm went through her. Staffan looked furious and had sounded like it, which had terrified Saffi. If he had found out about Chloe and was going to take her to task for it, she knew she would never survive the pain.

But it wasn't that.

Beyond the fury, there was a lost, wild look in Staffan's eyes, as if his back had been forced against a wall and he didn't know where else to turn.

"What's wrong?" she whispered.

Staffan's virulent look made her flinch. "You tell me, Saffi," he snarled. "What the f**k are you doing here?"

Steel answered for her. "She's here because she's leaving you---"

"Over my dead body," Staffan growled, starting for Steel.

"No!" Saffi managed to move in front of Steel before Staffan could reach her brother.

Steel smiled icily. "That can easily be arranged."

Staffan said grimly, "I'll kill you first."

Saffi tried pushing Staffan away but he wouldn't budge, didn't even move an inch. "Staffan!"  When he didn't look at her, she changed tactics and looked up at Steel instead. "Please, Steel, don't make this worse."

"The only way this is not going to end with one of us killing the other is if you tell me why you're here," Staffan said coldly behind her.

She froze at his words, even as her heartbeat escalated into a panicky rhythm. Oh my God, could he know? Did he know?

At her silence, Staffan asked bitterly, "Are you trying to think of another lie, Saffi?"

She whirled around at those words, aghast at what he was thinking, at how betrayed Staffan sounded. "No!" Her voice broke as she repeated fiercely, "No!"

The look in Staffan's face made her cry. "I'm not lying, Staffan. Please believe me."

"Saffi." Steel was warning her, protecting her.

She loved him for it, knew he had a reason of warning her against telling Staffan the truth but the look in Staffan's beautiful eyes was unbearable. He hurt and because of that, she hurt too, badly.           "I saw Chloe this afternoon," she whispered.

Staffan jerked.

She quickly looked down, not wanting to see the look in Staffan's eyes as she confessed the truth. "I gave her a check for a million dollars," she admitted haltingly. "I wanted her to go - to never bother you again."

Saffi's head suddenly jerked up. "I won't give you up to her. I know you hate my guts now - but Staffan, she doesn't deserve you. You're too good for her." Saffi took deep gulps of air, trying to find a way to make it easier to breathe through the pain was choking her from the inside. "If you're going to forgive - then forgive me instead. Forgive me and I promise I won't ever hurt you again. I'll always love you." She looked at him with eyes that shamelessly begged. "Forgive me instead, Staffan."

"That girl wants to love you to death. She wants to love you forever."

"Tell me the truth." The words felt like they had to be ripped out of him because it goddamn terrified him to do this again - to put his trust in Saffi when every instinct he possessed told him he was being stupid to even consider it.

"Tell me the truth and we'll move on, we'll never talk about it again." He looked at her, not bothering to conceal how her betrayal had torn him to pieces, so much so that Staffan didn't feel he could ever be complete again.

"We've only been married for just a few f**king days and you're already tearing me apart. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? WHY?"

"I told you," Saffi cried out. "It was because I was afraid you wouldn't be happy---"

"That's f**king bullshit and you know it!" Staffan roared. "How could you f**king think I wouldn't be happy if we had a baby? I loved you, Saffi. I loved you so why the f**k wouldn't I be happy to have another part of you that would always be mine?"

She sobbed so hard at his question that it drove Saffi to her knees. Oh, how easy Staffan made it sound! He had told her he loved her. He had made her feel like he loved her, but all these years she had learned to accept that no one outside her family could understand her - that no one would ever care to love her because she was too different.

How could she not think he wouldn't be happy?

"I was young---"

"Stop with the f**king lies! Just because you're young doesn't make you stupid. You're one of the goddamn smartest persons I know, Saffi!"

But she wasn't smart where it counted. Saffi wasn't smart at all because if she was, she would have trusted him, and then none of this would have happened.

"Why, Saffi, just tell me goddamn why..." Staffan sank to his knees in front of her, and the sight of him kneeling made Saffi want to cry endlessly.

Oh God, if only she had trusted him to love her and the baby!

"Why?" The sound of Staffan's heart breaking with that one word was audible, and her heart splintered into pieces along with it.

Maybe, she thought dully, maybe...maybe some lies could have a good ending.

There was only one way out here, one way to have Staffan back in her life, and the price for it would have to be another lie.

"I'm sorry." She forced herself to look at Staffan as she said tremulously, "I'm sorry I lied to you. I turned to Jeremy for comfort...it was just that one night. And I...I needed you so badly. So this baby could be his. But I promise if you take me back...I won't ever lie to you again."

She took his hand. "So please---" Her voice caught. "Please, please, please forgive me---"

Staffan hauled her to him, his lips covering hers. And as they kissed and tasted her tears in between, Saffi prayed that this time she was lying for all the right reasons - even if it didn't feel like it.

Chapter Nine

I think I just saw Staffan Aehrenthal and his new wife in a cab and they were doing it hard.

Twitter: JessieBrient

"I can't believe you ran halfway here." Saffi was gawking at him.

"Don't f**king bother to think about it," he muttered. Still feeling her wide-eyed gaze at him, Staffan snarled, "I mean it. Don't think about it." The realization that he had been so uncool as to leave his car in the middle of the road - unlocked - just to run after his wife made Staffan shudder.

As they went past the revolving doors of March Enterprises, they came to an awkward stop.

"Do, uhh, you want to use one of Steel's cars---" The cold look Staffan gave her made Saffi shut up.

Deciding it would take too long to have Bob drive over to fetch them, he said curtly, "Let's just take a cab." He didn't wait for her answer. He nodded to one of the security men who was so obviously eavesdropping on their conversation and the younger man, now red-faced, quickly hailed one for them.

The first one that responded appeared more than a little old, with a broken fender and windows rolled down because - as the cab driver explained with a strong Creole accent - the air-conditioning unit was broken. He was also half deaf and looked over sixty. It was possible that he wasn't even licensed and was moonlighting in a borrowed cab.

At this moment, though, Staffan didn't give a f**k. All he wanted was to get Saffi home and have a chance for them to lose themselves in each other's bodies.

Saffi gave him a dubious glance. "We could just wait...?"

He ushered her inside. He was done f**king waiting. He just wanted to take her in his arms and pretend the whole world didn't exist. Whoever f**king said that it didn't pay to be blind didn't f**king know anything.

Saffi had to repeat their address thrice before the cab driver finally nodded and started driving. She settled back into her seat, with Staffan at the other end leaving a huge gap between them. She did her best not to fidget but it was hard. She couldn't help remembering the look of cold disapproval on Steel's face.

But she knew it wasn't because he was furious. Steel was afraid for her, and she couldn't blame him. But this was a risk Saffi had no choice but to take. It was the only way to have Staffan back and maybe, just maybe she would also soon have the chance to show Staffan that she had only ever loved him.

But whatever she had to do to make Staffan believe her, it would have to be done without words. Staffan had been adamant about it, harshly so. We won't talk about it again, Saffi. We'll wait until after the child comes out and we'll decide then. But before that - we'll just concentrate on you and me and finding our way back to each other.

Thinking hard of a way to start making Staffan trust in her again, she blurted out, "Let's go away." She was gazing fixedly at the scenery outside the cab. They were going too fast for the people outside to recognize her face or Staffan's, but she was pretty sure a huge mob of fans would result if people figured out that Staffan Aehrenthal was now within their "reach".

Staffan reached for her hand, and the touch made her shiver. She turned to him as he asked, "What about your classes?"

"I'll take a leave of absence." She couldn't help rubbing her thumb over his knuckles, the way he liked to do with her. She needed this touch, needed like it was the only way to make her heart beat.

"But your grades---"

Saffi made a face. "I'm a nerd, remember? Not attending classes for a week won't hurt my GPA."

Slowly, Staffan found himself nodding. Yes, it did sound good. Perhaps time away from everything that was too familiar would help them recover. "What place do you have in mind?" He waited for Saffi to suggest something terribly romantic or perhaps a place where she could do more fangirling stuff, but her answer stunned him.

"Let's go to New York."

His eyebrow shot up. "What are you going to do there?" It was not exactly a place friendly to people like Saffi. She was too nice, too cheerful, too optimistic for the normally jaded New York crowd.

"I know," she said guiltily, avoiding his eyes all of a sudden, "You had to postpone your meetings with the production companies who might be partnering with you for the 3D coverage of your tour."

"How did you know that?" Staffan was incredulous. Not even his parents had known about it until he had told them personally, hence the early Thanksgiving mass.

His tone made her smile. "Duh? Because I'm a fang---" Saffi's voice trailed off.

Staffan said roughly, "You still are, Saffi. You'll always only be my fangirl, won't you, baby?"

Her head shot up at his words, her eyes filling up with tears. "I thought---" She choked back a sob. "I thought I would never hear you say that again..."

Why was it so damn easy for her to say things like that? Was it because they were still lies? Was it because she loved him that much? The way she looked at him was enough to have Staffan undone and he hauled her into his lap. "Always my fangirl, the only fangirl who's just mine," he whispered to her ears, knowing she would love them.

And she did. Saffi cried, cherishing the words, knowing how much Staffan was also risking for them to have another chance. She wanted to say something back, to make him realize just how much she was also willing to sacrifice for them, but then she felt it. Her eyes widened and she froze.

Her eyes met with those of the driver's through the rearview mirror. Seeing her tense expression, he asked, "Something wrong?"

"Aaah..." Staffan had freed his dick from his pants and was now slipping his hand under her skirt. She managed a smile. "I'm okay."

"What?"

"I..." She tried to swat Staffan's hand away while keeping her gaze on the now-suspicious driver but Staffan only chuckled softly behind her as he easily eluded her grasp. Staffan pushed her panties to one side, and Saffi bit back a moan.

"Miss? You okay?"

She made herself open her eyes. "I'm---" Ah, shit, shit - she was so wet, making it wonderfully easy for Staffan to slip his dick into her wetness. Behind her, Staffan stiffened then let out a low, desire-filled groan.

Saffi cleared her throat. "OKAY." She nearly shouted the word out, needing the driver to pay more attention to his driving and pay less attention to her.

The driver's face cleared. "Okay." His gaze left hers.

She collapsed against Staffan, not realizing that this would only make his dick dig deeper into her. Saffi swallowed back a whimper.

"You feel so f**king great," Staffan whispered in her ear.

"This is so wrong," she whispered back even as she could feel her h*ps moving on its own accord, meeting Staffan's leisurely thrusts. Every cell inside Saffi was clamoring for more contact. She wanted his hands on her br**sts, his mouth on her ni**les, his fingers on her cl*t - she wanted more than the c**k that was inside her now.

"Want more, don't you?" he asked silkily.

She started to shake her head but then stopped herself. No more lies. She had promised that to both of them. Not bothering to conceal how much she needed him this time, she said in Swedish, "Yes. I want you so much it hurts. I think if I close my eyes, I'm going to come because I'm going to imagine you're thrusting into me so hard, so fast---"

Saffi let out a little scream as Staffan surged forward, his c**k surging up with him.

The driver's gaze sought hers in the rearview mirror. "What happened?"

Staffan fumbled for his wallet, pulled out a hundred-dollar bill and nearly shoved it at the man's face. "Take us to...Disneyland." It was the first f**king thing that came to his mind. All he wanted was more time to f**k Saffi."

The driver's eyes nearly bulged. "Disneyland? At this time of the night?"

"Get us there as fast of you can," Staffan growled, "and I'll give you another hundred."

The driver didn't bother answering. As the car shot past the other vehicles, wriggling in and out of lanes, overtaking and cutting others, Staffan took advantage of every bump, using it to drive himself into Saffi harder.

Keeping one arm around her waist, he gritted out, also in Swedish, "Hold on to something."

She gripped the edge of the door, feeling the top line of the window under her fingers.

Now that she was balanced on his lap, Staffan used his other hand to slip under her skirt and pull her panties just low enough for him to rip it off in one quick yank. Before Saffi could gasp, his hand was tracing its way back up, shaping her legs ever so softly and slowly, before trailing towards her sex.

Her head arched back as a silent moan slipped past her lips the moment his fingers found her clit. And then he was playing with her and f**king her at the same time, the rough movements of the car only allowing Staffan to drive into her more deeply.

Her fingers tightened around the handle as Staffan started pulling on her clit, teasing and tormenting her by slowing down his thrusts at the same time.

"Please!" The gasp escaped her.

The driver's gaze went back to Saffi. "What?"

"NOTHING!" She yelled it out because Staffan had just pinched her cl*t hard between his fingers. When the driver looked away again, she choked out, "I'm coming."

He bit Saffi's shoulder. "Do you want to come now, Saffi?"

"Yes."

"Then let's come together." Biting her shoulder, he pumped his h*ps up and down with all the speed he could manage in the confined restraints of the car. Soon, he started to feel Saffi's body shuddering, and knew she was just one step away from her orgasm. He was near himself, and craving the same release just as desperately, Staffan lifted her h*ps all the way up until only the head of his dick was inside before pulling her back down as hard as he could, grinding his dick into her warmth.

Their orgasm hit them almost at the same time, and Staffan gritted, "Kiss me!"

With a choked sob, Saffi turned her head so their lips could meet. She used the kiss to drown her cries of pleasure as the orgasm took over her body completely. As wave upon wave of pleasure battered her body, the force of it centered at the triangle between her legs, she dug her nails deep into his legs, wishing she could keep him inside her forever.

Staffan continued surging in and out of Saffi as his dick shot its cum into her wet warmth. He could never get enough of this. Never. He had tried to get Saffi out of his system but it was f**king impossible. He wanted her, needed her - he loved her too f**king much to survive without this.

Saffi slowly returned to consciousness when she felt Staffan gently lifting her up so he could zip himself back in. She curled in his lap when he was done. She smiled at him sleepily. "Staffan, lo---"

The look of recoil on Staffan's face brought her back to consciousness - and reality.

She swallowed back the rest of what she had to say.

They wouldn't ever talk about it again.

Chapter Ten

Sapphire March-Aehrenthal checked in at the Aehrenthal Hotel, New York.

Foursquare: AehrenthalsGirl

New York hated her.

Staffan laughed at her grumbling revelation. Pulling her close to his side, he murmured soothingly, "Of course they don't, koukla mou. You just have to give them time to get used to you." They were walking towards the newly built finance center around the corner, where Staffan's meeting with the interested producers was going to be held.

Saffi loved how all the locals took it in stride that Staffan Aehrenthal was walking next to them on the streets, looking - as always - like a god with the most impeccable taste in clothes. Only Staffan could get away with wearing a dark red blazer and matching pants and not look like he wanted to be the next poster model for LBGT rights.

She stole a look at him, and Staffan immediately caught her doing it. He smirked. "Yes, I know. I'm too handsome for words."

Saffi didn't bother denying it, saying with a sigh, "You are."

"Hey..." He pulled her closer even as he tipped her chin up. "What's the matter?"

She shrugged. "Maybe I'm a little homesick."

His eyebrows shot up. "We just got here! And this is just NYC - you didn't get homesick when we were in Stockholm!"

She sighed again. "I don't know...maybe it's really just because I feel so out of place here. Everyone's just too busy being busy, cynical, calculating - I mean, where's the love?"

Staffan choked at Saffi's last words. "Where's the love?" he echoed. "You're really wondering about that?"

Saffi sighed. "Don't mind me. I think these are just the hormones talking." She stopped right after, her sickened gaze immediately searching Staffan's. Would he be mad if she accidentally said something about her pregnancy or the baby?

Staffan was frowning. "That could probably be it. I've heard of women going crazy and doing crazier shit when they're pregnant." As they rounded the corner, his tone became serious as he said, "Look, I can't be with you all the time today. You understand that, right?"

"Umm, yes?" She wondered where this was going.

Staffan opened the door for her as they went inside the building where his meeting was scheduled. It was twenty stories tall, with a dozen offices located on each floor. Most of the companies here had something to do with the film industry, and Saffi's interest was immediately drawn in by the different modes of dress the other guests were in.

Seeing her curious look, he told her, "They went to their auditions in costume. It lets them stay in character and helps the casting crew to visualize them."

Staffan was suddenly blocking her view. "What?" she asked.

"You're not listening to me, are you? New York isn't like your town in Florida, okay? People who are friendly here don't always have good intentions."

"But Staffan---"

He shook his head. "You stand out in this city, Saffi. One look at you and every serial killer will come out of their hiding places to try to take you. You've got prey and victim written all over you---"

"I do not!"

As they stepped inside the elevator, Staffan continued, "You can't keep smiling---"

Saffi scooted over as another guy joined them inside. He smiled. She smiled.

Staffan scowled. "Saffi!"

She jumped. "What?"

"I just f**king told you---" He glowered. "This is New York City," he said slowly between clenched teeth. "You won't know who's out to mug or stab you next---"

The passenger in the elevator shot Staffan an offended look. "Easy, man. Where's the love?"

Saffi grinned. "See? I told you---" Her words died at the furious look Staffan dealt her with. The other guy tried to speak, but at Staffan's look, he wisely shut up as well.

When they reached their floor, Staffan muttered, "Do you remember the first night when the fangirls ganged up on you? Do you remember that, Saffi? They would have torn you apart if the groupies hadn't helped you. Well, here, that's going to happen. No one and no one is going to help you so just f**king...stay put."

They had reached the reception office and he pushed her towards the first seat they passed. "Stay put, don't make trouble - just play it cool, okay?" He sounded like a worried father. He knew that, couldn't help it - and couldn't understand what was happening to him.

But Saffi seemed to.

She reached up and he automatically bent down. She cupped his face and kissed him softly. "Relax, Staffan. We're going to be okay."

Staffan closed his eyes.

Ah, f**k.

Fuck, f**k, f**k - Saffi was right. He was acting like this because it was starting to dawn on him that Saffi's baby could really be his and it meant he was responsible for the baby's safety, too.

His baby and Saffi's...

When he opened his eyes, his smile was rueful as he asked, "I'm acting like an ass, aren't I?"

"No, you're not," she said loyally.

He smirked. "You are too transparent, Mrs. Aehrenthal." The words came out of nowhere.

Saffi wanted to cry. "Mrs. Aehrenthal," she whispered. "I really like the sound of that." She kissed him again, pulled back, and still holding his face, she said softly with a smile "Lo---" Her eyes widened. And then she said hastily, "Loudmouthed loach minnow. I, umm, think you're going to be late." This time, Saffi couldn't meet his gaze.

He knew what she wanted to say, but he let it go. "I'm the boss," Staffan reminded her casually. "They don't have a say even if I'm hours late."

She knew he knew what she had meant, but like him, she pretended it didn't matter. Saffi said with a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes, "Even so...it's you who hate being late. But don't worry - I'll keep that un-rock star-like quality of yours a secret."

Silence.

Unable to leave it just like that, not after everything had been going so well between them, Staffan heard himself offer, "How about you come with me to the meeting? I think as my #1 fangirl you'll have something precious to share."

****

Yep - it was official. New York still hated her.

Saffi could see it on every person's face inside the room. They didn't want her there, period. And she wasn't even attending the meeting as "H". She was just Sapphire March, now Mrs. Aehrenthal, and it didn't matter.

She kept quiet for the most part, not wanting to antagonize them even more. It was clear on all their faces that they were just waiting for her to put her foot in her mouth. But then the talk moved on to marketing and promotion, and Saffi sat up in her seat.

Staffan knew the moment Saffi started paying attention. He knew her well enough to recognize the signs when she was ready to do battle. Her eyes would shine like it did now - they weren't so much as stars as a fighting glint that told him she would be her usual outspoken fangirl self. Her shoulders were squared, as if she was ready to carry the whole world on her shoulders if that was what it took for her fangirls to be treated well.

He loved seeing her like this.

It reminded him of the Saffi he had fallen in love with - the Saffi who still had an unbreakable hold on not just his f**king body, but everything else. She owned him, heart, body, soul and all.

Saffi bit her lip hard. Everything the executives were saying made business sense, but they were all so very cold-blooded. There should be a personalized touch coming from Staffan, didn't they realize that? It was the only way - the best way - for Staffan to show how much he cared about his fans.

"So if that's all---"

"I have a suggestion." The words flew out of her mouth before she could stop herself.

Impatience greeted her, but out of respect to Staffan, one of the male executives grunted, "Sure, sweetie, speak."

Staffan stiffened at the endearment, but Saffi quickly laid one soothing hand on his leg, willing him to relax. "All those prizes are really great, but I think you're forgetting something - these people aren't going to watch Staffan's concert in 3D because they want to win a trip to Hawaii. They can afford to pay for that trip themselves with the amount of money it costs to buy a VIP ticket. And how much are you willing to bet that it's the VIP tickets that would be the first to sell out?"

"Nice emotional speech," another executive retorted, "but if you could get to the bottom line please?"

She pointed to Staffan.

He choked.

"What the f**k does that mean?" a lady executive burst out.

Of course it had to be a girl against her, Saffi thought with a sigh. This one reminded Saffi too much of what's-her-name back when she had participated in a similar meeting. This NYC version had a fashionable bob, beautifully cut bangs, and steel blue eyes glowering at her behind stylish-looking glasses.

"Staffan is the bottom line," Saffi said simply. "Every girl, woman, person - everyone who would pay money to watch a 3D concert would only do so because it is another way of getting closer to Staffan. So if you want to offer the kind of prize that would convince more people to go, then you must offer more of Staffan."

"Oh, you mean, have Staffan Aehrenthal offer himself up on a silver platter to crazy fangirls?" the older woman bitched. "That's a great point, but you're not considering the logistics. We can't have Staffan grace every premiere in every country---"

"And I'm not asking you to do that. It would be too tiring for him, and as you say, logistically speaking, it would only make sense for Staffan to visit those where he's strongest and maybe, if his schedule permits, the places where he's weakest so that he can build a bigger fan base."

She pointed to Staffan, gesturing to his entire body with a flourish.

This time, Staffan choked.

"Every fangirl wants a piece of this even if he's married, he's cranky, or he's---" She tried to think of a way that would make Staffan appear less "godly" in his fangirls' eyes. "They would still like him even if he's a...lousy kisser."

Staffan slowly turned to look at her.

She pretended not to notice Staffan's what-the-fuck gaze. "What I propose instead is for Staffan to have a special video created for each country where his fan clubs are organizing premiers. Even a short five to ten-minute interview would do. That means so much. As for the prize, it could be a 5-minute call with Staffan. That's what he does to raise funds for his charities and it really works. So why can't we duplicate it?"

When she finished speaking, no one wanted to look at her.

Saffi's shoulders slumped. How could they not realize that those kinds of gifts rather than expensive impersonal prizes would work so much better as an incentive for fangirls? Did she have to hold a Fangirls 101 class for them to see the truth?

"Bravo, bravo." It was the girl again.

Saffi bit back a sigh. Of course - of course they would need to have a showdown, just like before.

"But you're forgetting one thing. Staffan Aehrenthal's time is more precious than a trip to Hawaii and we would never be so insensitive and conceited---" She paused, looking at Saffi pointedly.

She flushed in response, realizing where this was going. She wanted to look at Staffan and ask if what the girl was saying was true. Had she been asking for too much? Had she been thinking too much as a fangirl that she had forgotten she was now...Mrs. Aehrenthal?

"---well, we won't be so unprofessional as to overtire our most prominent star with such antics."

There was a pause.

Saffi prepared herself to apologize.

"Now, are you all done?"

All eyes shot to Staffan at his words.

"You've all made your points. Now I'm going to make mine. This is my f**king project to be made with my funds. I asked all of you to be here because you were supposed to be the f**king experts. But all I can see is a group of the worst idiots I've ever had the misfortune to work with."

His hazel eyes glinted. "First of all, this is my wife - if you idiots want to be on my good side then you don't f**king disrespect my wife in any goddamn way." Apologies and flustered protests rose from around them, but Staffan dismissed all of it with a wave of his hand.

"And finally, those crazy fangirls are the reason why my songs make it to the goddamn #1 spot on the charts, the reason why I sell millions of f**king copies of my records even though everyone else's is being pirated and downloaded using f**king torrents. So I'm going to f**king ask you just one question - do you think that what my wife so sensibly suggested would be too much for me to do, considering all that? Don't f**king answer. Work on your proposals again and I won't give you another chance if you all mess it up once more."

When no one moved, Staffan barked, "Leave."

Everyone scrambled out of their chairs and the room was cleared in seconds.

And then Saffi bounced onto his lap, stunning Staffan. "Baby?"

There were the most beautiful stars in her eyes as she looked at him, her face glowing.

Shit.

He was so f**king unmanned whenever Saffi March-Aehrenthal looked at him like that.

She said shakily, "I thought...I thought you wouldn't---"

He cupped her face and kissed her, deeply, his tongue moving into her mouth, his lips sucking hers - he kissed her like her air was the only kind he needed to breathe, and sometimes it felt like it was so. "I remember the last time too, baby," he whispered.

Her eyes glistened with tears.

"I remember not standing up for you and then kicking myself repeatedly for not doing so - I won't make the same mistake again."

Her lips moved but no sound came out.

Ah, shit, shit, shit!

He just wasn't ready to hear her say the words yet, but he knew she wanted to. He knew deep inside he wanted her to. So instead he said hoarsely, "Longitudinal."

Her eyes widened. "What?"

"Longitudinal long-nosed chimaera. That's what you wanted to say, wasn't it?"

A tear trickled down her cheek just before she threw her arms around him so enthusiastically, his seat toppled backwards. They both fell to the floor, laughing. "Yes," she gasped between happy tears and laughter. "That's exactly what I wanted to saaaay!" She ended up moaning the last word because Staffan had pulled the loose neckline of her dress down, together with the cups of her bra. She moaned again as he cupped her br**sts, the feel of his touch so achingly familiar - something she missed so much she cried a little at the feel of it.

"Ride me, baby."

She didn't need another invitation, impatiently dealing with his belt, pants, and briefs. The moment she wriggled them past his feet, she threw them away and moved eagerly back up to sink herself down on him.

"Staffan." She moaned his name as she took his dick into her inch by inch.

"You're killing me," Staffan groaned. His hands grasped her h*ps and before she could stop him, he was pulling her down while lifting his h*ps up.

"Ah!"

There was no way to speak after that, passion overtaking them completely and never letting go. The slapping sounds of their bodies made everything more arousing, and she leaned down, wanting Staffan to suck her as she rode him.

He was eager to oblige, his mouth taking in one succulent nipple and sucking so hard that she threw her head back and screamed. She rode him as best as she could. Saffi squeezed his dick inside her with muscles she did her best to control, using it to drive Staffan further out of his mind.

"More," Staffan gritted.

She blindly obeyed the command, bouncing up and down wildly on his dick, her long dark hair dancing against her back. He kept his gaze glued on Saffi, loving the way her lips were parted in desire as she milked and milked his dick.

His body started to tense and stir, and Staffan immediately reached out for her clit. She moaned at the first touch and when he started to stroke, she fell against him, grinding her sex against his fingers even as she didn't stop bouncing up and down on his dick.

Shit, shit, shit. She was bouncing so much faster now.

Bounce. Bounce. Bounce. Bouncebouncebouncebouncebounce---

The pleasure crashed over them like a torrent of rain from the skies, and Staffan growled his release, clutching her h*ps tightly as he pounded into her again and again, loving the way his come filled her so much it started to trickle out.

Saffi was sobbing, her h*ps furiously wriggling as she continued to bounce, her own juices pouring out, mingling with his sticky cum.

She collapsed against his chest.

Staffan stroked her hair.

"Logical long-whiskered catfish," Saffi murmured.

This time, it only made him chuckle.

Minutes later, as he started to dress himself, he heard a snapping sound. Ah shit - he spun around but it was too f**king late. This time, he snarled.

"I'm sorry?"

"Saffi, dammit---"

"But I saw Ashton posting a picture of Demi once and he was saying how sexy his wifey was and I wanted to show the world how sexy you are, too!"

"Erase it."

"Umm, I could, but...it's already been retweeted?"

"Saffi---"

"1,456 times?"

Chapter Eleven

What's the Swedish term for ass**le?

Twitter: Starry_eyed4SA

"What do you think about 'Vidunder'?" Saffi teased as they strolled hand in hand into the next boutique for infants. "That sounds very manly, don't you think?"

Staffan simply looked at her.

It was enough to have her giggling. Vidunder was basically the Swedish translation for 'monster', and she had loads of fun teasing Staffan about the many nice-sounding Swedish terms they could use to name their baby. Or at least it sounded nice, never mind if the translation wasn't as good.

"If you're going to continue with this, koukla mou, I'll be forced to retaliate."

Having paused to inspect a mobile toy that was supposed to make fifty different sounds to entertain infants, she lowered the toy to look at Staffan in confusion. "Is there something wrong with my name?"

"With yours, none - but how about I use other kinds of minerals for the baby's name?" Staffan asked silkily. "Let's start with...mmm...allabogdanite?"

Saffi choked. "Is that even real?"

"Or since we both have names starting with the letter S, what about Sinkankasite?"

"There's no such thing---" She stopped giggling at Staffan's smirk. "No, really, there's isn't such a thing...right?"

"Just remember, baby, when you give birth, there will be a time you'd be too tired to stay awake and then I'll make my move and have the baby's name changed on its birth certificate."

"You wouldn't!"

"I will if you don't stop with all the Swedish names!"

"But I'm just being very nationalistic---"

Her all-innocent look had Staffan groaning. "You do that so f**king well."

Saffi went for broke, channeling her inner Legally Blonde and Clueless blonde goddesses as she gave him a confused look. "What do you mean?"

With a growl, Staffan sank his fingers into her hair and pulled Saffi towards him for a kiss. Her lips opened under his eagerly, welcoming the possessive sweep of his tongue. Her arms rose to curl around his neck at the same time he pulled her closer by the hips, his aroused dick knocking against her sex. The hot contact of his dick against her belly was enough to have Saffi gasp and accidentally squeeze the cushy attachment hanging from the mobile toy she was still holding.

It released a loud growling sound that had them breaking apart in shock.

Staffan was white-faced. "What the f**k was that?" He looked like he had seen a ghost.

Saffi lifted the toy in her hands. "This?"

He grabbed the toy and practically threw it back on the shelf before hurriedly urging her out, his arm wrapped around her waist, his hand protectively settled against her tummy. It made her look down, and her heart ached at the sight of his still-bare finger.

It did not mean he did not feel married. She told herself that over and over. It could be a rock star thing, or maybe it could even be a way of deflecting the fury of other fangirls from her.

Right now, she needed to concentrate on being happy and thankful that she and Staffan were doing so well. As long as she kept doing what she was doing and shutting up about anything that had to do with the past - they were good.

"How about Lace?" Staffan murmured as they walked out of the boutique.

When she looked up at him in askance, he was smiling but his voice was gruff when he explained, "It's somewhat similar to how you and your mother - Pearl - are named. But I think our baby's going to be extra soft and sweet because she has you as a mother."

Bittersweet tears pricked her eyes. At least...at least he was thinking about the baby as theirs. It was a step in the right direction, and she had to be thankful for that. Swallowing, she whispered, "I think it's just perfect."

Back at their hotel room, she and Staffan immediately went their separate ways, having accepted the invitation to join her father and the rest of her family for a fundraising dinner held by one of his wealthiest supporters. His friends, Rathe, Constantijin, and Yanna were coming too, and she felt incredibly nervous about meeting them. She didn't know how she would take it if they also believed the lies about her.

Staffan knocked on her dressing room, so she asked him to come in. "What is it?"

He was holding two boxes, one immensely larger than the other. The first one contained a beautiful gold collar-styled necklace with a beautiful star-shaped sapphire pendant. She blinked back tears at its exquisiteness. "Oh my God, it's gorgeous." She tried to think of something better to say - something that would be befitting of someone who graduated years too early from high school. But nothing came to mind. All she could do was shake her head and gaze at it.

"W-where did you find it?"

Staffan was already lifting her hair up. "I had it customized," he told her absently as he grabbed one of her elastic bands and used it to twist her hair up. He did it expertly now, after a few hours of practice when she had her nails freshly painted and she wanted to take a bath without getting her newly curled hair wet.

The memory made her smile, and when her gaze met his reflection on the mirror, Staffan had a look of exasperation on his face. "I'm beginning to think all of this is an elaborate plan to turn me into the adult version of Justin Bieber."

She grinned, but her eyes started to water again when, after her hair was secured on top of her head, Staffan was slowly putting the collared-necklace around her neck. She touched it gingerly, unable to take her gaze off it.

Snap.

Saffi gasped. "Staffan!"

"It's my turn to tweet like f**king crazy about my wife."

Her phone buzzed the moment he finished typing on his screen. Staffan had taken a side-view photo of her, with a caption that made her sigh.

My one-week anniversary gift for MY fangirl

"Hormones," was all she could say before bawling like crazy.

Used to her mood swings by now, Staffan only chuckled and lifted her up so he could take the seat and place her on his lap. She immediately snuggled up to him. Both their phones buzzed, indicating messages and responses to the tweet. Staffan and Saffi ignored it. Both of them had also decided without ever speaking about it not to listen, see, or even know what the rest of the world had to say about them.

Listening to Staffan's heartbeat, she dimly heard the continuous buzzing of her phone. A glass bubble, Saffi thought and her fingers curled around his chest reflexively. Fear kicked in even though she did her best not to show it, her other hand moving down to act as a shield for her baby.

Their life would remain perfectly blissful as long as they stayed within their glass bubble. But she knew from experience that glass bubbles couldn't last forever...and that they were never meant to.

"I have another gift I need you to wear," Staffan murmured against Saffi's hair.

She stirred, raising herself up to look at him with a mixture of curiosity and childish excitement. "What is it?"

"I'll show you later, when you're fully dressed."

She frowned. "That doesn't make sense."

"Those are my rules, baby." He lifted her from his lap and gently lowered Saffi to her feet. "Now, go."

He laughed when Saffi got dressed in record time. He was in the process of buttoning his silk shirt when Saffi appeared at the doorway, dressed in a tight-fitting white dress that made a wonderful contrast with his necklace.

He studied her slowly, looking at her from head to toe.

She was breathless by the time his gaze returned to her face, the look in his eyes too hot to handle. "Well? What's my other gift?"

He crooked a finger and she nearly danced towards him, making Staffan smile. He took the box from the bedside table and opened it.

Saffi's jaw dropped open.

By the time she recovered, he had already crouched down and was making sure it was a perfect fit.

****

Saffi was the shyest girl in the world by the time she arrived at her father's fundraising dinner while Staffan looked like he was the king in his. The contrast in their expressions and actions created an uproar on the web, with millions of users tweeting about what in the world could have made Staffan Aehrenthal look like he had won all the awards in the VMAs.

Seeing question after question about it, Saffi wanted to run away and hide. She so desperately hoped they would never ever guess why Staffan was strolling around like he wasn't just Sweden's #1 Sex God. Oh no, the way he was practically smoldering with such earthy appeal - his f**k-me hazel eyes so bright, the arrogant tilt of his head as he gazed challengingly at other people, and the way his black-and-white suit showed off his superbly muscular form to perfection---

He was the sex god.

And even his friends noticed it.

"Hello, Saffi," Constantijin murmured gently as he kissed her cheek. There was nothing but amusement in his silver eyes as he stepped back and looked at her gravely, saying, "You've done something bad."

Yanna sounded just as serious even as her own eyes twinkled when she gave Saffi a quick warm hug. "It's true."

"Unfortunately," Rathe Wellesley drawled in that coldly charming duke-like voice of his, "I must agree." He gazed at Staffan, saying mockingly, "You did the unthinkable, my dear. You made this extremely arrogant man even more arrogant."

The breath swooshed out of Saffi as she realized that they were all just joking.

Staffan's friends laughed at her expression of relief.

Yanna started to say something, but Constantijin quickly intercepted it with a swift, hard, but terribly sweet kiss on her lips. When he lifted his head, Yanna could only sigh. She opened her mouth, Constantijin raised a brow, and she sighed again. She looked at Staffan wryly.

Staffan understood the exchange. Yanna had been harping on him every day about clearing the air between him and Saffi, but he just wasn't f**king ready. Constantijin knew it and he was putting his foot down about it tonight.

He nodded his thanks to Constantijin. Tonight just wasn't a good night to talk about the past. Maybe, he acknowledged to himself, there wasn't any good time to ever talk about it and he was beginning to be fine about that.

They entered the ballroom together, where Saffi's parents were waiting near the entrance, personally greeting each guest. Saffi quickly embraced her parents one at a time when it was their turn. She quickly but proudly introduced Staffan's friends one at a time as well, and the senator and his wife made small talk with the trio.

Staffan was the last in the group to greet the pair. He hid his ringless finger inside his pocket so that Pearl wouldn't notice anything, but one look at the senator's face and Staffan knew he hadn't been quick enough.

The seating arrangements were pre-selected, and since Saffi was part of the host's family, they were unable to share a table with the other Pussketeers. Instead, Staffan found the both of them seated across some of the most priggish couples he had ever met.

He wasn't much for politics, but even he recognized the first pair as Congressman Whitley and his wife Janet, both of them Republicans for generations and so conservative that they had been campaigning to ban the use of cuss words in public. The other couple could trace their lineage all the way back to Mayfair - the kind who looked down upon nouveau riche like Staffan - even if he was easily a hundred times wealthier than they were.

"Be nice," Saffi pleaded under her breath in Swedish.

"Of course, baby," he said obediently and sought to deliberately charm the two couples. He didn't pander - that would never be possible for someone as proud as Staffan was - but he knew the right buttons to push in order to keep the women flattered and prevent the men from feeling insecure in his presence.

Saffi could only listen in awe as Staffan suavely discussed religion and politics with Congressman Whitley while engaging the other couple in conversation about the various ways they could improve the returns of their trust funds.

And throughout the first and second appetizers, he had not even uttered a single 'fuck'. Not one!

When the waiters started to serve the main course and Staffan paused for breath, Saffi turned to him. It was the opportunity he was waiting for. He slid one hand into his pocket and switched the clitoral vibrator on.

Saffi froze, her now-large eyes jerking up to meet his in utter horror. The vibrator worked silently, its steady vibration gently stimulating her clit.

"Do you have something to say, baby?" She started to speak, but Staffan pushed another button to set the vibrator to medium speed.

Saffi closed her mouth. All she could do was glare at Staffan as the vibrator buzzed even more powerfully against her clitoris, stimulating every inch of it until she had to grip her skirt tightly. She so badly wanted to spread her legs wide open, as if by doing so she could relieve the tension, but the tight-fitting form of her dress prevented her from doing so, and all Saffi could do was take deep gulping breaths.

"Are you all right, Sapphire?" Mrs. Whitley asked in concern.

Saffi managed a wan smile and then jerked when Staffan set the vibrator to high speed. She could feel the difference - easily - and it made Saffi want to scream.

Mrs. Whitley's eyes widened in understanding and she exclaimed, "Is it your baby? You're in your first or second trimester, aren't you? Even if you're done with the morning sickness, it can still come back."

"Oh, yes," chimed Meredith Samuels from Saffi's right. "I was like that when I was pregnant with my first child." She exchanged fond glances with her husband. "Remember how I had to, you know, every five minutes?"

"Yes, I remember you know."

Even Staffan had to laugh at Carlton's dry answer. He had been stunned to realize that the couples before him could be actually fun to be with - he just needed to give them a chance. They all needed to give themselves a chance to get past the stereotypes.

But as much fun as they were, there was nothing as fun and as f**king erotic as having Saffi crazy with need for him. She was trembling badly in her seat and her blue eyes were pleading with him. The need there spiked his and Staffan cleared his throat, saying a bit unevenly, "I think I should take her outside. She might need a breath of fresh air."

"There's a powder room down the hallway to your right. It has an adjoining balcony," Meredith said helpfully.

That sounded f**king perfect.

"Thank you," Staffan said with sincere gratitude and then he was swiftly taking Saffi out of the ballroom, doing his best to keep their pace even so as not to draw attention - especially from her brothers, who had just arrived at the venue.

"I can't...believe...you're doing this...to me!" Saffi panted out each word, her nails digging into his skin.

"I honestly can't f**king believe how hot it is to see you so turned on for me in front of everyone," Staffan returned under his breath.

His words just made Saffi whimper. "Hurry...please!"

"I'm doing the f**king best---ah. There." He nearly kicked the powder room open and then locked it behind him. Saffi was sobbing now, and the sound was making his fingers shake. "Dammit, Saffi, stop making such sexy noises!"

"I can't...stop!" She was sobbing and moaning at the same time, writhing as she impatiently waited for Staffan to unzip her from the tight confines of her dress. She swayed on her feet when the dress finally dropped to a pool at her feet.

He carried her up in his arms, causing Saffi to press her legs together. It intensified the vibrations against her cl*t and Saffi let out another sob.

Staffan shuddered at the sound. "Ah, shit, Saffi, I don't think I'll last..."

"Don't last," she begged. "I need to come now, please, Staffan---"

He covered her lips so she wouldn't f**king talk and arouse him even more. She kissed him back hungrily as he lowered her on the couch. "Wait," he managed to say when she protested his attempt to pull away.

"I need to take it off," he growled.

Her legs fell wide open like a beautiful clam revealing a pearl, and Staffan nearly lost his mind at the sight. Ah, shit. He was so f**king close. His hands shook as he gently switched the vibrator off and pulled it out.

The moment she was free, Saffi quickly pulled him down to her.

"Now," she breathed into his ear.

Ah, shit - he had never moved so fast in his life, unzipping his dick and pounding into her in a matter of seconds. Her legs twisted around his h*ps as he braced himself on one arm and f**ked Saffi fast and hard while making sure he didn't have her body shaking too hard that it would endanger the baby.

He tried his best to be gentler, but Saffi shook her head. "More, Staffan," she begged, and he lost it after that. He drove as hard as he could into her, making every thrust more heart-pounding, more all-encompassing in its possession. And when she started to scream, her body jerking as her cl**ax came, Staffan bent down to absorb her screams into his mouth. He kissed her, sucking on her tongue and when she sucked on his, his own orgasm exploded. He growled against Saffi's mouth, and her arms tightened around his.

"Come harder," she whispered.

And he f**king came as hard as he could, wanting to give it all to her.

Ten minutes later, the couples at their table looked at them expectantly as they returned to their seats. "Much better, dear?" Mrs. Whitley asked in concern.

"Much, much, better," she mumbled, managing a smile even as Staffan's shoulders rocked with silent laughter beside her.

Meredith beamed. "What's so funny?"

Saffi didn't dare trust Staffan to give a safe answer. As he opened his mouth, she said hurriedly, "I almost threw up on him, that's all."

"Oh. That was close." Congressman Whitley and Carlton both gave him a sympathetic look.

It should have been the perfect ending to their night, and it would have been until there was a commotion near the door. There was a lot of shouting - and one of those voices belonged to Silver March. Saffi started in her seat.

"I'll check," he told her. "Stay here."

"No." She shook her head. "That's my family. I need to go and see what's happening." She glanced at the other couples. "I'm so sorry---"

"It's okay, dear," Congressman Whitley said.

Staffan kept her close to his side as they walked towards the source of the furor. A crowd was growing, and he suddenly had a bad feeling about all of it. At the sight of him, the people moved, parting just enough for Staffan and Saffi to move forward.

She stumbled to a stop in front of him and Staffan immediately cupped her elbow to keep Saffi up. He followed her gaze and stiffened at the sight of the prince. In front of him was a red-faced blustering mayor, one who was extremely well known for his rather racist remarks against anyone with Middle Eastern blood - like Jeremy Al-Atassi.

Silver was visibly struggling to hold on to his temper as his older brother smoothed things over, his tone commanding as he requested the mayor to leave.

"You will never get my city's votes," the mayor roared, wagging a fist at the March brothers.

Silver moved as if to strike the other man down, and the mayor immediately cowered, fear turning his face into a bloodless mask.

"Silver," Pearl said sharply from behind, and her youngest son slowly lowered his fist. The senator murmured something to Steel, who commanded the security personnel around them to escort the mayor out.

Amidst the shouts of the mayor as he was dragged to the exit, Pearl said with a strained smile, "Please excuse this. It was a simple misunderstanding. Enjoy the rest of the night."

But no one moved, all eyes trained on the silent prince.

Saffi suddenly stiffened before him, and Staffan heard her inhale deeply. His hold around her elbow tightened as he realized that Saffi and the f**king prince were looking at each other.

Coldness enveloped Staffan. "Don't." The harshly whispered word was torn from his heart. He said in Swedish, "Don't f**king go to him. Don't act like you f**king know him." He was close to begging, and Staffan hated it even as he knew he couldn't help it.

With every second that passed, Saffi's gaze locked with the prince, Staffan felt Saffi drifting away from him.

"Saffi---"

She looked up at him brokenly. "Please understand, Staffan,' she whispered. "I can't...I can't turn him away just like that."

Everyone's gazes were on the prince and Saffi. Staffan felt them waiting and knew the mostly-Republican crowd was waiting for Saffi to reject the prince - was hoping Saffi would reject him because rumors had also been rife about the prince's kingdom considering an alliance with the Palestine government.

"Let your brother play the hero," Staffan said coldly.

Saffi's lips trembled. "Staffan, please---"

"It's me...or him." He saw Jeremy starting for them and knew the prince was going to force his hand.

Saffi turned to look over her shoulder and paled at the realization that Jeremy was walking towards them.

"Choose, Saffi. It's me or him."

Staffan's words made her head snap back towards him. "Then let's just go," she cried out impulsively. "Let's just avoid him."

He gave one hard shake of his head. "No. Show him you are choosing me."

She gasped, the sound heartwrenching. "I can't. Staffan, I can't. That's cruel---"

He exploded, "And you think you're not being f**king cruel, looking at him like he's your f**king prince while I was the one with you all this time, the one who f**king stood by you while he courted his f**king princess? Do you think that just because we don't f**king talk about it means I've f**king forgotten that you f**ked him?"

A moment later, Jeremy's voice came to them, quiet and deep. "Hello, Saffi."

She looked at Staffan pleadingly, but his expression didn't change.

With a swallowed sob, she turned her back at Staffan. With two whispered words, Saffi felt her heart breaking all over again, and the glass bubble she had hoped would stay forever whole cracked into pieces with it.

"Hello, Jeremy."

Chapter Twelve

I miss you, baby. I'll miss you every day. You don't know how much.

Sapphire March posted today at 0800H on Facebook

Staffan was coldly quiet throughout the ride back, ignoring her every overture until Saffi was forced to remain just as silent, the tears falling endlessly even as she did her best to hold them back. But when they arrived at their hotel room, she couldn't help trying again. "Staffan, please..."

But still he ignored her, moving swiftly past the living room of their suite and going to their bedroom.

When she reached their room, Saffi was stunned to see Staffan packing. "Staffan, please, please don't be mad."

He did not look up as he answered, "I'm not." He flung the wardrobe doors open. "You just f**king ceased to matter."

The cry that came from Saffi's lips scraped him raw, but Staffan told himself to ignore it.

"Staffan, there is nothing going on between Jeremy and me. There never was." Saffi covered her mouth to stop her sobs.

But still Staffan didn't look at her. He only continued to move with icy precision, taking items of his clothing from the wardrobe cabinet and dumping them on the bed.

"Staffan, I lied."

His head shot up.

"Jeremy and I never did it---"

"WHEN WILL YOU STOP WITH THE FUCKING LIES?"

Saffi flinched at Staffan's shout.

Staffan's fist punched the closet door so hard it went flying, its glass front crashing against the wall.

Saffi started to cry, knowing that Staffan wasn't as angry as he was hurt. "Staffan, I mean it," she sobbed. "I just lied because I wanted another chance---"

"Stop! Just goddamn stop!"

She sobbed harder at the contempt on Staffan's face.

"I just don't want to f**king hear another word from you. I'm f**king over you - I don't give a f**k what your family blackmails me with. You're worse than whatever they can throw at me."

When he started to move towards the door, she threw herself at him, unable to help it. She cried as he tried to push her away, but she clung to him as hard as she could, unwilling to let go. "Please, Staffan, please. I don't want to lose you again---"

He froze at her words before a bitter laugh escaped him. "Lose me? You never f**king had me because the Saffi I loved was a f**king fake. There's no real Saffi - not one goddamn real thing about you because you're full of shit."

Staffan's brute strength forced her to let go and the way his cold gaze took her in made Saffi sick to her stomach. She hurt, but then she would realize that nothing would hurt as much as the next words he spoke.

"You're the biggest f**king mistake in my life, Saffi. Because I fell for you, hook, line, and sinker - I fell for you even though you're crazy as shit, pretending you're a f**king groupie, talking to your fish like they can f**king talk back..." Staffan knew he was saying things he should never say, things that he didn't even f**king mean, but he could not stop the words from pouring out. They were the only way he could stop feeling so goddamn hurt.

Over and over Chloe had lied to him, but he had let her do it because he had loved her. And in return, she had still left him in the end. He should have learned his f**king lesson from that, but he had let Saffi do so much worse to him, make him twice the fool in front of the whole goddamn world.

His own weakness made Staffan want to throw up and right now, everything about Saffi just made him hate himself more. He was so f**king weak because of this girl - a girl who didn't even know what love was.

"I love you," she whispered.

He could only laugh. "You don't love me, Saffi. You love the idea of being the one fangirl who was able to catch my attention. And so you did. Like any stupid mindless sex starved cunt, you got your dream while I'm stuck with the f**king reality. Because if the child inside you is mine, then it would have a lunatic---"

His words abruptly died at the stricken look on Saffi's face. When she started to turn away, he didn't understand the panic that squeezed his heart. But still Staffan could not admit to it, could not allow himself to be weak again.

"Go," he snarled. "Go run back to your family. Maybe they can buy you a husband who would be willing to stay next time!"

She disappeared from view, and the empty silence that followed suffocated him. Staffan could only stand there, waiting and just goddamn waiting for the relief to come crashing down on him.

It was over.

He and Saffi were over.

The thought choked him, and he gasped for breath.

The phone rang, and Staffan answered it, his heartbeat pounding against his chest. It had to be Saffi. She had changed her mind. She wanted to talk to him. She was going to beg him to come back---

But it was not.

"Sir, you need to come down quickly. Mrs. Aehrenthal had an accident."

No.

No, f**k, no.

****

He felt so f**king helpless in the back of the ambulance with a pale and bleeding Saffi lying unconscious on the stretcher. Staffan gazed down at her and everything became so f**king clear in an instant, like he had been blind all his life and this one moment had gifted him with precious clarity.

But the cost of it was too f**king much.

"Saffi, please God, Saffi, wake up." His voice broke, and with every second that she did not answer, Staffan felt his whole world closing down on him until he was all alone in the darkness.

"Please, Saffi, wake up, please."

But she still didn't answer and he remained alone.

****

Around him, Staffan dimly heard Saffi's family speaking with the doctors. He didn't give a f**king piece of shit about what they had to say. All he needed was Saffi to wake up so he could say he was sorry - he was so f**king sorry.

And that he loved her. He would always love her.

"Saffi, baby, please open your eyes." His voice was raw from speaking for almost 24 hours. But he couldn't stop. He felt alone and he knew if he felt like that, then she was probably feeling it too. She was all alone in her pain and he needed to find a way to pull her out of the darkness.

But she still didn't answer.

"Son." Pearl's voice was reed-thin. "The doctors are saying it's fatal..."

She was saying something else, but he couldn't hear her. All Staffan could see was Saffi. He gripped her hand tightly. "Wake up, Saffi, please. You need to wake up." Slowly, Staffan placed his hand on her stomach and it felt so f**king still.

His control broke.

"Saffi..." God, these f**king tears were choking him. "You two need to wake up now, Saffi. Please wake up."

But there was still no answer and they both remained in the darkness.

Another day passed. Silver and Steel offered to relieve him, but Staffan didn't want to leave, didn't dare risk having Saffi wake up and think he had left her. He would never leave her again. Never.

"Saffi, baby..."

Her eyes flickered.

His heart stopped beating.

The monitor went crazy, and there was chaos all around but Staffan didn't see any of it. Saffi's eyes were dull with fear. "Staffan?"

He started to speak, but she shook her head. "Staffan, I can't..." She gasped. A loud warning siren burst out from the monitor.

Saffi gazed at him in horror. "I can't feel my baby."

And Staffan knew then, it was his f**king payment for all the things he had said and done. Saffi had come back, but she came back alone. He didn't need to hear the doctors' words. She knew and he knew because that baby had been theirs - and now their baby was alone in the darkness, and it was his f**king fault.

Staffan flew into a rage as the doctors tried to drag him away from Saffi's side. Saffi started to cry and with a roar, he pushed everyone away so he could go to her. Saffi needed him and he had promised himself he would never leave her again. He didn't want to risk her going into the darkness. He didn't want to lose her again.

But everyone was holding him back.

Steel and Silver were the only ones who managed to drag him out of the emergency room. "I'm sorry, Staffan, I'm sorry..."

The pain in their voices made the truth real and he fell to his knees, weeping. His baby - their baby - was all alone in the dark and it was his f**king fault.

From within the room, he could hear Saffi crying, and he knew she knew their baby was lost in the darkness, too.

I'm so sorry, baby. I'm so, so sorry. It's Daddy's fault. It's my fault. I'm so, so sorry.

****

"I need to see her." Staffan wasn't going to take 'no' for an answer this time. He needed to see Saffi, needed to know she wasn't lost in the darkness like their baby. It had been days since she had woken up, days since he had to sign the papers that declared their little girl was dead.

"You can't stonewall me forever," he said grimly when Steel didn't budge an inch from the door.

"If you really love my sister, then you won't force more pain on her."

"You don't f**king understand. She needs me---" He shoved Steel, but Steel shoved him right back.

"Why would she need a man who almost f**king killed her?" Steel snarled.

"I LOVE HER!"

"IT'S TOO FUCKING LATE!" Steel roared back.

The door opened, and Pearl's appearance made Steel and Staffan freeze. "Let him go, Steel," she said quietly.

Staffan's heartbeat became erratic. "Is Saffi---"

Pearl made a choking sound of distress.

His heart shattered. What the f**k was wrong? He rushed inside and when Saffi looked up, he knew. The brightest stars in the sky tended to die in silence, the gaping darkness swallowing it in an instant. In Saffi's eyes, he saw that darkness and he felt like there was no way for the stars to ever come back in her eyes.

He stumbled towards her, not knowing what to say or do to make everything okay.

"Staffan." Her voice was so thin, he had to lower himself to the chair next to her bed to hear her.

"I'm here, baby."

She shook her head. "Staffan - our baby's dead."

Pain clawed him inside and out at the words. Even though he knew that, had already known for days, it f**king hurt to hear Saffi say it, knowing it was his goddamn fault their baby was gone. "I'm sorry. I'm so f**king sorry."

She turned her head away. "It's my fault," she whispered. "My fault."

"No, baby, it's not---"

She was restless, fidgeting. Staffan stilled, panic blazing inside him as he tried to figure out what was wrong. And then Saffi turned back to face him, and he realized that she had been using all her strength to remove his ring.

He shook his head wildly. "Saffi, no, no---"

"No more lies," she whispered and pressed her ring into his palm.

The darkness was coming back, and there was no pushing it away. "Saffi, please." He started to weep. "Don't f**king do this. Let me fix things. Let me love you---"

"No more lies." She pulled her hand away, her voice lifeless. "I don't want to see you again."

****

The funeral mass was held a week later, with only a select number of people invited. Silver went up the podium, speaking on behalf of the March family. His voice shook as he thanked everyone who came, his message perfunctory. And at the end, he ignored every warning that his family had given him and looked at his brother-in-law. They had told him that Saffi would not be able to bear the stress of hearing Staffan speak, but he didn't give a damn. It went against his very nature to be unfair, and his whole family was being f**king unfair to make it seem as if his sister was the only one who hurt. Staffan had lost a child, too, and whatever their differences may be, it did not stop Silver from seeing that Staffan felt the loss just as deeply as Saffi did.

Saffi stiffened as she saw who was taking the microphone from her brother. Staffan looked...he looked like he always did. Beautiful, unbearably so. But there was a haunted look in his eyes that made her want to close her eyes and wish the entire world away.

She didn't want to see him hurt. She couldn't bear to see him hurt. She just wanted to be alone in her pain because it was all her fault. Everything that happened was because she had lied. She had been selfish and her daughter paid the price for it.

When Staffan cleared her throat, Saffi prepared herself for the worst.

"My baby girl's name is Lace. That was the only thing Saffi and I agreed on. If it had been a boy, he would have had a horrible name. Saffi threatened to call him Vidunder."

From the aisle, Constantijin's face clenched in reaction, feeling his friend's pain. Rathe inhaled sharply.

"It means 'monster' in Swedish." There were smiles at his quip, but mostly there were tears.

Staffan continued hoarsely, "So I retaliated, and I told her if that's the way things were going to be, I was going to follow the March tradition."

Pearl choked back a sob and her husband drew her into his arms.

"I told her that my son could also be named something like allabogdanite or sinkankasite." More tears and laughter followed his words.

Staffan struggled to breathe. "It was basically a draw when it came to our boy's name, but if it had been a girl - Lace..." He stopped, willing himself not to break down. "It would have been perfect. And if both of us had the fortune to spend a little more time with our baby girl, she would have been perfect." His gaze sought Saffi's. "Because Saffi would have made a perfect mom, and Lace would have taken after her---"

The words were too much. The pain was too much. There was no way to prepare herself for Staffan's words and Saffi ran, needing to get far away from Staffan as possible. She stumbled at the first step and then she was falling, sobbing as she fell on her hands and knees.

When she looked up, Staffan was there.

"Saffi..."

She shook her head at him. All Saffi could here was her baby's silent screams. Her little girl - her little Lace - was crying all alone and it was all her goddamn fault. "My fault," she managed to gasp and the tears started falling. "It was my fault she died."

Staffan hauled her to his arms. "No, baby, it's not. It's not your fault---"

She was stiff and unyielding in his arms even as she cried. She could not allow herself to draw comfort from his touch. "You don't understand," Saffi whispered. "I was so selfish. That one weekend when I risked everything - my father's campaign, my betrothal to Jeremy...with my lies, I even risked hurting you and then her."

The defeat in her voice terrified Staffan. "Look at me, baby. It's not your fault. It could never be your fault. If it's anyone's fault, then it's mine because I didn't take care of you."

But she still did not answer, and it felt like he was losing her all over again.

"Saffi, please...forgive me. Please say you'll forgive me."

He looked up at the tender touch of her hand against his cheek, but the look on her face made him swallow in fear. "I do forgive you, Staffan."

But somehow, the words didn't comfort him.

"But it's my punishment to be alone, for being selfish...for being stupid...for being..." She choked the word out, "...crazy."

He flinched. "Saffi, I didn't mean it. I didn't f**king mean any of those." His voice became desperate and urgent. "I just wanted---"

"You don't have to explain." She pushed him away, and she felt so f**king fragile he had to let her go, feeling like if he kept holding her, Saffi would break.

She came to her feet like she was broken inside and her limbs weren't working like they should be.

He remained on his knees. "Saffi, I love you. Please. I love you."

"I need a divorce. I don't just want it, Staffan." And then she was begging him too, and with that tone Staffan knew he would give her anything she asked for, even if it meant killing a part of him. "I need that divorce."

Chapter Thirteen

Good morning. Just had a tuna sandwich for breakfast - too much work to do. Don't ask why. I can't tell.

Twitter: Official_Staffan_Aehrenthal

"He's blackmailing me?" Saffi choked out a month later. Constantijin's politely worded request to meet with her had initially made her wary. Her lawyers had been doing their best to get Staffan to sign the divorce papers to no avail. She had feared that Constantijin would plead his case, but instead what he was asking her to do - what he was telling her Staffan wanted Saffi to do - left her completely bemused.

Constantijin's face remained expressionless although his eyes were sympathetic. "No, Saffi. All he wants is for you to agree to his terms. And if you do, then at the end of the time period, you will have your divorce."

"What does he want? That we stay married?"

He shook his head.

She wasn't even hurt. These days, she would be lucky if she felt a thing. "Then what?"

"He wants you to temporarily take over as the P.A. to Celsius."

She could only look at Constantijin dumbly.

Seeing her dumbfounded gaze, he repeated his words patiently. It hurt to see his friend's wife look so frail and thin. He had no idea if Staffan's plan would work, but for both their sakes he hoped it would. Saffi was close to needing an intervention by the looks of it, and Staffan didn't look any much better.

After Saffi had left, Staffan walked into the conference room. He had watched the entire meeting through the CCTV system installed in Constantijin's private office, and his heart bled for every second that he stared at Saffi and saw how lifeless she still looked.

She wasn't moving on, and he f**king doubted that giving her a divorce would make her start living again. If he truly believed divorcing him would have made Saffi feel better, he would have been the first one to forge her signature on the papers just to be done with it.

But a divorce wasn't the answer. Maybe he wasn't either, but that didn't f**king matter.

Constantijin handed him the contract. "I hope this will make you feel better now."

Staffan answered harshly, "I will feel better when she's better."

****

"NO MORE FANGIRLS! THE ROOM'S PACKED!" Saffi was shouting two months later.

The crestfallen expressions on the faces of the girls lined up outside the trailer van made Saffi guilty.

"Please, we waited so long..."

"We just want one chance to be close to them..."

Oh my God, these girls were crafty! Saffi knew from Twitter's fangirl grapevine that word had already gotten out about how much of a softie she was. Pulling her head back, she peeked at the Celsius guys, who were grinning at her.

She counted the girls with them. One, two, three...seven in all. If one guy could please three girls at the same time...she calculated it mentally then poked her head back out. "Okay, fine, five more and that's it!" Saffi hurriedly went back in before the others could guilt-trip her into agreeing to more compromises.

The Celsius boys were laughing at her. After spending just a week with them, Saffi had stopped being tongue-tied in their presence. Now, she looked at them as her boys, the way mother hens looked at its chicks.

"What's with five," Calvin, the youngest of the group, asked curiously.

She fidgeted.

Wynd, the leader of the group, looked at her with interest. "Okay, 'fess up - how did you arrive at that number?"

"Well..." Seeing in their faces that they wouldn't let go until she answered them truthfully, Saffi sighed, mumbling, "I just thought that if a guy could please three girls at the same time, and then I multiplied that by 4, so that makes 12. We already have seven---" She stopped explaining as the entire van rocked with the boy band's laughter. Even the fangirls were giggling.

"It's not that funny," Saffi protested. "I really was giving you the benefit of the doubt!"

Aaron, the biggest flirt of the four, sauntered towards her. "You don't understand, Saffi, my love." He had the cutest accent as well, like a mixture of British, American, and Korean, that even now Saffi couldn't help but swallow hard at the sound of it. "We're just impressed at, ahh, how logical you dealt with the problem."

"But I have to ask," the serious-minded Leo drawled. "Why did you think that one guy can only please three?"

She blinked. "How can a guy please more? One girl in each hand, and then one girl---" She stopped, seeing that the boys were doing their best to suppress their laughter. Ah, dammit, they had successfully baited her into answering one of their silly questions again!

"Ha-ha, very funny!"

The door opened and her assistant P.A. came in, carrying a case of beer for the crew. He was red-haired, freckled, and chubby with the sweetest and quietest disposition, unable to look at Saffi directly whenever she had to talk to him and always keeping at least a foot of distance between them.

"Hi, Bryan," she greeted him cheerfully, hoping this would be the night that he would finally warm up to her.

He mumbled a greeting.

She had to smile sheepishly at Bryan's typical response. "You kill me, Bry. You really do. Am I that bad?" Saffi teased him, but she was only half-serious. Sometimes, she couldn't help but feel like she had this viral infection that kept Bryan away from her.

The others laughed at her question, but she and Bryan ignored them. Of course he didn't answer her either.

Saffi waited for him to distribute the beer then started to help him stack the freezer with the rest of the bottles. At the first step she took to get closer to him, he accidentally dropped a bottle on her foot and she cried out in pain as the bottle broke into pieces, its shards biting into the tender skin of one sandal-clad foot.

"Fuck! You okay, Saffi?" The entire band had surrounded her in an instant, but when she looked up, she was surprised to see that Bryan was the one closest to her and his chubby face was clenched hard with worry.

"Are you okay?" he asked in his usual gruff voice.

She nodded. "It just hurts a little." She managed a smile even though her foot stung like hell.

Bryan looked like he wanted to kill himself.

Her heart went out to him. "It's okay, really, Bryan."

"Sorry," he mumbled. "My fault...let me help you." And then he was swinging her into his arms, making Saffi gasp in shock. For a rather unwieldy guy, he felt exceptionally strong.

"This is not..."

But Bryan was already carrying her out of the trailer van.

"...appropriate," she ended lamely as he walked faster than she ever saw him walk.

****

Staffan did his best to keep calm as he carried Saffi to his own trailer - the one he kept for show. He had another one parked far from the crew's site, which he used to have his makeup and prosthetics done. He had made sure that Saffi had her own as well, never mind if it set tongues wagging. No f**king way would he have let his wife share a f**king trailer with anyone who had a dick.

He gave his code gruffly and waited for Saffi to punch the numbers in so that the doors to his trailer would automatically open. He wondered if she realized that the numbers spelled her name.

"I'm really okay---"

She sounded extremely uneasy and he couldn't blame her. This was the closest he had allowed himself to be with her, in his new disguise, and he already knew it was a f**king mistake. Inside the trailer, he swiftly lowered her to the sofa and moved away instantly, trying not to be obvious as he struggled to get himself - and his dick - under control. He willed his dick to die, but it was stubborn - as well as doing its best to get past the padding that his prosthetics team painstakingly applied to him every f**king day at four in the morning in his other trailer.

Sometimes, Staffan had been so f**king tired working his ass off for those pretty boys that he slept in his disguise. He always regretted it in the morning, feeling like he was burning up inside all the f**king padding.

Two months, Staffan thought as he got the first-aid kit out and started to assemble what he needed to clean and treat Saffi's wound. For two f**king months he had been with Saffi, looking after her and only just f**king able to look at her while all the other men did their best to get into his wife's pants.

Only the members of the band and their manager had known who he was and those f**king idiots had done their best to provoke him, flirting outrageously with Saffi every time he was around.

"I'll clean your wound now," he declared gruffly.

She nodded.

Usually, she would talk a mile a minute when they were alone, even if all he did was grunt and nod or shake his head. He didn't talk to her so much because he didn't want to risk Saffi learning the truth before she was ready. This time, she remained quiet as he strove to be as gentle as possible in applying the ointment and bandaging her injured foot. He cursed himself when he gazed at his handiwork. Every f**king time he wanted to make her feel good, he just ended up making Saffi feel bad.

Was this a f**king omen?

He looked up, and his heart broke.

She had tears in her eyes as she choked out, "Did you really think...this close...I wouldn't know it was you?"

The tears started to fall and he couldn't bear it. He tried to take her in his arms but she struggled, pushing him away. "Let me see you first...please. I need to see it's really you." Saffi watched Staffan remove his extremely elaborate disguise. Bit by bit, he returned to his original persona - Sweden's #1 sex god, Mr. Fuckstatic - the rock star she had fallen in love with.

"Staffan..."

This time when he took her in his arms she let him, and she sobbed on his chest. She had missed him. Oh God, she had missed him even though she had nightmares every night about what it would be like to see him.

Saffi had faithfully followed his movements online and though he had posted daily - almost as if he was updating her indirectly - there had been no pictures at all. It had made her uneasy, wondering if Staffan was holed up somewhere with women to heal his broken heart. But now she knew. Now she understood.

"Who knows about you?" she whispered.

"The boys and their manager." He lifted her chin up so their gazes could meet, and his eyes searched her urgently as he asked unevenly, "Are you angry...about what I've done?"

Should she be? She just couldn't make herself angry even if the answer was supposed to be yes. He had been with her. Every day of the two months she had healed - he had been there, and he had helped her heal even though he had been pretending to be Bryan.

"What made you do this?" she asked tremulously.

His lips twisted. "You did. I remembered how you pretended to be H - and how you changed my life completely as H, and I thought maybe this time I could be the one to do it for you. Because I know..." Staffan inhaled sharply. "I know that two months ago I wasn't the right person to make you heal. No one could make you heal except yourself - and I had to do what I could to make sure it happened."

She said quietly, "I miss her. Is that crazy?"

He flinched at the word. "No, baby, it's not. Because I miss her, too." Staffan's arms tightened around her. "And I'm so f**king sorry for saying you were crazy. You're never that, Saffi, never that. I just...I'm the one who's f**king insane to have hurt you so much, to forget how sweet and beautiful you are---"

Saffi put a finger on his lips. "I understand."

And the wealth of emotions in those two words broke him because Staffan knew that she more than understood. She forgave him, completely, selflessly.

"Ah, Saffi, I love you." He kissed her hair. "I love you so goddamn much and no matter what happens, I will never ever f**king doubt you again."

She didn't pull away, but she didn't answer.

The silence hurt, but he didn't complain because he knew he deserved it after all the things he had done to hurt her. She fell asleep in his arms and he carried her to his bed. And then he sat across her, simply watching Saffi because right now Staffan felt it was the only thing he deserved to do.

****

Staffan was gone when she woke up, and she stretched her body luxuriously, feeling like she hadn't slept this well for weeks. She hopped on one foot out of his trailer and the moment she did, Saffi realized one thing.

Staffan might be gone - but the entire world was still there.

The entire crew of Celsius stopped at the sight of her coming out of Staffan's van.

The Celsius boys were there, too, and all four of them made an "ooooooh" sound of interest. The entire crew laughed, just in time for Staffan to stride back into the site, dressed as Bryan once more and carrying boxes of supplies.

He didn't appear to notice how all the gazes followed him as he walked right up to her. He smiled at her and when he did, Saffi felt faint because she no longer saw Bryan. She saw Staffan and he was beautiful.

"Good morning," he said in his usual gruff voice. "Did you sleep well?"

Before she could answer, one of the guys behind them made a choking sound. "What the f**k? She went for the redhead fattie?"

Saffi colored at the words. It didn't feel right for anyone to doubt Staffan's worth over her. "I'm sorry," she said with a wince.

Staffan shrugged. "He is right. I don't deserve you." He paused, his face hardening. "But it doesn't mean I'm giving you up without trying my damnedest to make you love me again."

The entire crew didn't stop ribbing them throughout the day and well into the night, which was the last performance of the band before they were scheduled to go on a short hiatus. Staffan took everything in stride, but for the life of her, Saffi couldn't do the same. All the time they teased Staffan mercilessly for aiming for someone who was "out" of his league, she wanted to melt into the ground.

That's Staffan Aehrenthal you're talking to, she wanted to shriek at them. He deserved any girl he wanted! Any girl!

Or at least he deserved anyone...except her.

"Let's watch the concert together?" Staffan suddenly appeared at her side just as she finished double-checking the last set of wardrobe change for the band.

She started at his invitation.

He smiled wryly. "It's our only chance when I'm...like this."

Her eyes widened at understanding and she heard herself saying shyly, "Yes."

It was surreal, watching the concert with thousands of girls who probably knew him but did not pay attention to Staffan because of his disguise. As Celsius started to sing its last song, she felt Staffan taking her hand slowly in his.

And she let him.

By the middle of the song, Staffan had his arm around her shoulders and she was leaning against him. It felt completely natural for him to lift her face up to take her lips for a kiss. But she wrenched away before their lips could meet, her heart screaming in protest even as every cell in her body hungered to be reawakened by his touch.

"Saffi." Staffan tried his best to keep his voice level even though his heart was beating so loudly he could barely hear himself. It didn't help that they were also in the middle of a f**king insane crowd of Celsius fanatics.

She gave him a stricken look. She tried to run away, but he didn't let her, instead gripping her wrist tightly as he pulled her into the nearest private corner.

"Saffi, tell me---"

"It just won't work," she whispered.

The finality in her voice made Staffan stiffen. His voice didn't want to work, but he did his best, forcing the words out. "Don't f**king say that, baby. I can fix this. Whatever's wrong---I can fix it. Just tell me what you want me to change about me and I---"

She was already sobbing as she shook her head. "You don't understand, Staffan. Nothing's wrong with you anymore. It's me. It's me. I just can't love anymore."

Chapter Fourteen

If you're my fangirl, come to this place. (Google Map screen shot attached)

Twitter: Official_Staffan_Aehrenthal

"We really had fun having you as our P.A., Saffi," Aaron said in an unnaturally serious voice as he gave her a hug. She had officially resigned this morning. They had let her go because all of them knew that it was time for her to leave. They did it formally, signing the contract in their manager's office, and she was given a generous bonus along with her regular paycheck.

It made Saffi blink back tears, but she managed to summon up a smile when she pulled away. "You mean you all enjoyed making fun of me, right?"

Wynd said, "But you did have fun too, right? We just wanted you to be happy again."

The two other members nodded and this time she had a harder time blinking back the tears. This time, there were no hormones to blame. Once, anything connected to the pregnancy would have made her stare into space but now, it didn't depress her. There was still this little part in her heart that felt empty because of her little Lace, but somehow she didn't feel as sad. Somehow, it felt like by being okay - by Staffan and her both being okay, Lace was okay, too.

You are, aren't you, baby? I can feel you smiling at me.

And she could have sworn that she felt baby fingers touch her cheek in response. Saffi blinked back more tears. Little Lace, I love you. Mommy will love you forever.

As the four boys walked her to the main doors, Calvin said, "I thought you should have this before you left." He handed her a rolled up magazine.

She took it curiously, her lips parting in surprise when she saw Staffan on the cover. The headlines had her reeling, and she flipped through the pages, unable to believe that the publicity-hating Staffan had given such an extravagant tell-all interview.

"Check the last page," he suggested.

She flipped to the end, and Saffi released a choked laugh at the sight of Staffan Aehrenthal holding up a placard that said, I'm Your #1 Fanboy, Saffi March-Aehrenthal.

"Take your time reading it, Saffi. It's all about you. His life is you."

At his words, she could feel those baby fingers brush her cheeks again, as if pleading with her to change her mind and give Staffan and their love another chance.

It's not that easy, baby.

But when she went past the doors, she saw that Staffan wanted her to see that it was just that easy. Gone was his disguise - standing in front of her, with thousands of his fangirls behind him, was the rock star she had always loved.

He was beautifully dressed - Mr. Rock Star Chic at his finest. Shiny silver jacket that could make even Adam Levine look g*y? Check. Frilly silk shirt with lacy hems? Check. The tightest freaking pants in the world? Oh so check. The shiniest loafers a straight man could think to wear? Check.

And yet, all he did was make all of it fit like they were designed for his stunning face and body. Every piece of it screamed one thing: Staffan Aehrenthal was hot. Fucking hot.

But what really made her start to cry was the person standing next to Staffan.

The prince and the rock star...

Who would have thought they could stand this close together and not kill each other?

Behind him, his fangirls were all screaming. Through her blurred gaze, she saw that they were waving placards and posters, and all of it said the same thing.

MARRY HIM AGAIN, SAFFI MARCH-AEHRENTHAL!

And there it was again, the sweet invisible brush of baby fingers on her cheeks, more loving this time. See Mommy? So easy. Just a leap of faith.

She went to Jeremy first. And because she did, the noise from the entire crowd died. Her heart hurt so much as she looked at Jeremy. She couldn't speak. All she could do was cry. She closed her eyes and cried, missing the way Staffan's face had whitened in pain at the thought that she was choosing someone else.

Jeremy opened his arms.

She ran to him and sobbed against his chest.

"I know, baby. I know."

She nodded, sobbing harder.

"You're telling me goodbye." He kissed her hair. "So...go."

****

The home that he had so briefly shared with Saffi was completely dark when Staffan arrived. It was f**king stupid to come back here when he had gambled and lost, but Staffan knew this was the only place he could feel closer to Saffi.

And he needed that now. He needed it badly because if he couldn't even have her scent, their memories to tide him over, Staffan knew he would slowly go insane.

He flipped the lights open in his bedroom and nearly had a heart attack when a figure rose from the bed.

Saffi rubbed her eyes as she blinked at him. "What took you so long?"

His heart was still beating like he had just run a marathon and f**king won. "Saffi?" He took a step closer then stopped, wondering if it was okay to pretend that his hallucination was real.

Saffi saw the hesitation in his eyes and tears pricked her own. "Staffan, come here, please."

But still he hesitated.

Her voice shook. "Baby, please, come here---"

And then he was there, taking her in his arms, his tears mingling with hers. "Saffi." He said it over and over, whispering it as if unable to believe she was really there.

"I just told him goodbye, Staffan," she told him tremulously.

"I believe you. I f**king believe you. I'll always believe you." He cupped her face with shaking hands and kissed her reverently. "Always, baby. I'll always believe you."

****

Four Months Later

"Stop staring at her, man. You're making me blush here," Ellen DeGeneres groaned. "Five more minutes and you're off the air. Can't you wait that long?"

Staffan's wicked glance made Saffi sit up in panic. Oh no. Surely he wouldn't---

"I can't wait. Every time I see her, I just want to f---"

She clapped her hand over his mouth with a gasp even as Ellen roared in laughter with the rest of the studio's live audience.

Staffan laughed and took her hand away, kissing her palm before he said innocently, "I just want to find more ways to tell her how much I'm hopelessly in love with her."

As the oohs and aahs died down, Ellen said, "I do have one last question for you two and then that's it. You're free to get na**d - I mean, go. You're free to go."

Staffan and Saffi exchanged looks. Before Ellen could say something else, Saffi said with a smile that lit up her entire face, "I'm pregnant."

Ten minutes after leaving Ellen's studio, Saffi was helplessly trying to dodge Staffan's kisses as well as his hands, which were so swiftly trying to cop a feel. "Staffan!" She didn't know if she wanted to be flattered, furious, or embarrassed.

But Staffan had a determined look on his face, and it thrilled and terrified her at the same time - in a very exciting way, of course. She tried to get away but he easily caught her and spun Saffi back to him. A shriek escaped her at the look of dark hunger on Staffan's face.

"Staffan, this is a public place..." He bent closer and she tried to lean further away from him even though she was locked in his arms. "You're so shameless," she gasped.

"Yes," he said agreeably. "I'm shamelessly in love with you." And then he put a stop to all her only semi-serious protests by cupping her face and giving Saffi a hot, wet kiss in the middle of the hallway, with tons of people walking past them.

They cheered at the sight, of course.

Saffi moaned in embarrassment but even so, she couldn't help kissing him back, her body leaning towards him, her br**sts already swelling in its cups.

Her unhesitatingly passionate response never failed to turn him on, and now was no exception. He had to sink his c**k into her or he'd die. Swiftly surveying the hallway, he saw a half-opened door and dragged her immediately to it.

"Wha---" Saffi saw the name Katy Perry printed on the door and yelped, "No, Staffan!"

"Yes, Staffan, is what you should be saying," he countered and, after checking to make sure that the dressing room was empty, he pushed his protesting wife in. Before closing the door, he hailed the nearest uniformed guy and said, "Tell Katy I'm borrowing her dressing room to make love to my wife, will you?"

The guy nodded, wide-eyed, but even so Staffan could see that the younger man's mind was already working furiously at how much this story would sell to the tabloids.

"Staffan!" Saffi wailed in embarrassment behind him.

Smiling at the sound, he raised a brow at the other man. "Got it?"

"Yes, sir."

Staffan shut the door behind him to find his wife glaring at him. He said simply, "I love you, Saffi."

She melted, like he had known she would. Even so, she muttered, "You won't get away with this all the time."

"Of course I won't. You can even punish me later, but for now - I want to f**k you mindless, Mrs. Aehrenthal."

"But this is Katy Perry's---" She couldn't finish her sentence, not with Staffan already ripping her panties away - the third pair of the day, for heaven's sake - and tracing her quivering sex.

"She'll understand." He slid his c**k into her.

"But it's not---"

"Baby, concentrate on me." Staffan started thrusting in and out of her, his c**k making her feel so impossibly full.

She slumped against the table as his thrusts became more forceful, and he laughed, the sound triumphant but loving at the same time. Saffi gripped the edges as his strokes became wilder. She was getting close, so, so---

The doorknob rattled, followed by an unmistakable voice. "Who's in here?"

"Oh my---"

With a wicked grin, Staffan called out, "Can I borrow your dressing room for a minute, Katy?"

Saffi was shaking her head furiously at him, but she forgot all about protesting as Staffan reached down to tease her clit.

"Is that you, Staffan?"

Saffi moaned in embarrassment.

A chuckle. "Is that you, Saffi?"

She stopped moaning.

And then all she could do was breathe as Staffan began to move in earnest, a look of passion falling on his face as he pounded his dick into her, over and over and over.

Katy was still laughing outside.

"Ignore her," he gritted.

"I ca---aaah!" She shrieked as Staffan slid one finger into her ass, something that was still new to her but oh so..."Aaaaah." In moments, the dual thrusts had thrown her into a whirlpool of pleasure and all she could do was gasp and gasp, wondering when the pleasure would stop, wondering if she ever wanted it to stop.

Knowing Staffan, it wouldn't stop anytime soon. Katy Perry was better off finding another dressing room---

"Baby," Staffan growled from behind her. "You're not concentrating." Another finger joined the one in her ass and the whirlpool of pleasure started again, spinning her around faster and faster as Staffan's c**k moved in tandem with his fingers. His pants became louder as both their orgasms threatened to explode.

"Love you, baby," Staffan growled as they came together.

It wouldn't end, this pleasure, Saffi thought dizzily. This wouldn't end. And it would never end because---

Staffan kissed her shoulder, and then bit it when she didn't respond. Saffi forced her eyes open. "Mmm?"

He smiled at her lazily. "Ready for Round 2?"

She moaned weakly. "Staffan..."

But he was already moving.

Ah, yes. This, this bliss with Staffan...it would never ever end.

****

One Week Later

Rathe Wellesley reached the floor where Saffi's dorm room was supposedly located. Why the hell did he even continue playing poker with his friends, he wondered. He f**king sucked at it, and he always ended up losing.

Like now.

He checked the slip of paper where Saffi had hastily written instructions for him.

The girls are pregnant so I can't transfer them to our new home. Please, please, please feed them on schedule!

He shook his head. Saffi made her fish sound like they really were pregnant women. As he tried the knob, the door next to Saffi's room opened. A petite girl with the most curvaceous body he had ever seen came out. Her dark hair was twisted up like a jaunty hat on top of her head, and her glasses seemed a size too big since it kept falling down her nose even as she kept pushing them back up. She looked extremely shy and awkward, but her lingerie was extremely revealing - a two-piece silk-and-lace pair that practically exposed her br**sts and her long silky legs.

The complete contrast was utterly intriguing, and he was successfully and hopelessly intrigued. He wanted her. And he meant to have her.

The girl hastily crossed her arms over her chest as his gaze narrowed. Rathe could see that she wanted to go back inside, lock the door, and hide in her room, but something was preventing her. "Are you here for...Saffi's fish?"

He nodded.

She disappeared in a flash, making Rathe blink. She reappeared and held her hand out to him. "Here's the key. She told me a friend of Staffan's would be coming over to care for them." She was obviously preparing to retreat.

"Don't go." His commanding voice stopped her from moving. "What's your name?"

She shook her head.

He took a step closer. "Tell me your name," he invited.

She swallowed. "Mary."

He looked behind her. "Is this your room?" His voice was throaty.

"Yes---"

Rathe held her by the shoulders and gently made her move backwards, and he followed her inside. He closed the door and the moment the world outside disappeared, he bent his head down and kissed her.

