Chapter 1

"You must be the enemy everyone is talking about," Katherine Avril smiled warmly as she approached the three men in business suits standing in the lobby area. She extended her hand in greeting to the tall, handsome man in the center who was waiting in the lobby. There were two other stern looking men behind the serious man but she assumed that this tall man was the one in charge. There was just an aura of authority surrounding him.

The center man took her hand in his warm one but stood there for a long time just staring at her. As soon as their hands touched, Kate was transfixed. The heat transferring from this man's hand warmed her cold, nervous one. She had been trying to hide her trepidation ever since the announcement this morning but holding this man's hand, looking into his eyes, the rest of the world disappeared. She couldn't feel the silver bracelets clanging against each other whenever she moved, or the painful pinching of her toes in her high heeled shoes. Everything faded away as she looked into his dark, intense eyes.

"I'm Carlo Attracelli," he finally said. "I represent ATI, Incorporated, if that's what you mean."

Katherine liked his deep voice. It seemed to ring with authority and confidence. "Pleased to me you," she said with as much confidence as she could muster. She shook his hand, pretending she wasn't intimidated or overwhelmed by his simple presence. She hoped he didn't notice that her hand shook. "You'll have to excuse our lack of planning. We just heard that ATI was going to acquire Jamison's Department Stores this morning. We're all in shock."

He raised an eyebrow at her explanation, but didn't respond. The man turned to his team members who were standing behind him. "This is Jeff McKenzie and Peter Ashton. They're going to be helping with the due diligence process."

"Pleased to meet both of you as well," she said and smiled at the two shorter, but still impressive men to Carlo's left and right.

The gorgeous, intimidating man continued to stare at her and she had the impression that he could see through her clothes and know what color and style of underwear she was wearing. It was very disconcerting, especially since she was interested in what he had underneath his perfectly tailored suit. She pictured him in silk boxers with muscular legs and stomach, not a lot of hair on his chest....Clearing her mind of those treasonous thoughts, she quickly thought of something to say. "As I said, I'm Katherine Avril, Director of Purchasing," she explained. "You can call me Kate. If you'll follow me, I'll show you around the offices. Mr. Jamison asked me to help you in any way while you're working here. I've reserved the conference room for the next two months for your exclusive use." With that, she turned to usher them down the hallway.

Carlo Attracelli had been watching her face, and liked the twinkle in her eye which took the sting away from her words. He kept his face impassive as he took in the stunning, if slightly outrageous female now walking away from them. He heard one of his team members chuckle behind him but he didn't take his eyes off the petite brunette with hair that curled softly all the way down to her tiny waist.

Carlo was amazed as much by her outfit as he was by the woman. She was dressed in a short, flounced, black skirt with a tight red shirt tucked into the waist. Her neck was draped in about ten different sets of necklaces and, Carlo wasn't positive, but he suspected that he'd seen a white petticoat peak out from underneath her short skirt.

Even though he had kept his eyes on her face while she was introducing herself, he knew her long, sexy legs were encased in black stockings, ending in black patent-leather pumps with three inch heels. The phrase, "legs that never ended" applied to this tiny woman. Even so, her head was only about an inch above his shoulders with those shoes which meant she was about a foot shorter than he was without shoes.

Carlo watched her turn, giving her a few feet lead so he could see her legs again. Sure enough, as she turned, her skirt bounced up slightly and a white, lace petticoat peaked out from underneath her black skirt.

"You're awfully handsome," she said as she walked down the hallway. Again, Jeff chuckled behind them. Carlo wanted to glare at him, but he too was shocked at the comment. Had she really just said he was handsome? Not just handsome, but "awfully handsome"?

A moment later, the tiny woman stopped in the middle of the hallway, her whole body frozen. Carlo, Jeff and Peter stood there, wondering what was happening. Slowly, she turned back to face the three of them, a tentative smile and a curious expression on her face, "I didn't really say that out loud, did I?" she asked. As soon as she finished her statement, her face flamed into embarrassed color.

Carlo raised one eyebrow and tried to keep from laughing. She was definitely a curious woman.

With a deep sigh, she nodded her head slightly. "By the amused expression on your face, I guess I did say it out loud." The tiny woman grimaced and continued to make her way down the hallway toward the conference room, but her face was still flushed with color. Opening the double doors with a flourish, she ushered the three men inside, giving a wide berth to Carlo who had extremely broad shoulders and towered above the two other men.

Jeff settled his briefcase onto the polished wooden surface. "Ms. Avril, excuse me for asking, but why did Jamison's Department Stores assign the director of purchasing to help us out during this process?"

"Please, call me Kate. No one ever calls me Ms. Avril unless they're trying to sell me something on the phone. And even then, I can tell that it is a salesperson because they mispronounce it," she chattered nervously. Her attention was on Jeff and Peter, avoiding Carlo's eyes altogether. She took a deep breath before continuing. She told herself to pull it together before these men thought of her as a complete idiot. "As for why I'm assigned to help you out, well, that might not make sense on the surface, but I'm probably the best qualified. I'd wager that I know more about these stores than anyone, including the present owner, soon to be not-present-owner if you three have any say in it, David Jamison."

"How is that?" Peter asked, smiling despite himself.

"My mother was the previous owner and president's secretary. I used to do my homework beside her desk each afternoon so, even as a kid, I heard a lot about the goings on within the headquarters. Years later, when I turned sixteen, I started working for the store in the retail areas. I've worked in almost every department, except finance, over the past twelve years. There's basically nothing I haven't done, or don't know someone who has done it or is currently doing it," she explained. "So I'm really your best point of contact. I'm the lucky one that gets to help you three out for as long as I'm needed." Kate peeked over at the tall one who called himself Carlo, then quickly away again when she realized that he was staring at her still with that same strange look on his face. He was a very serious fellow, she thought.

"Why isn't David helping us with this process?" Jeff asked as he settled himself into a chair, pulling out pencils and a notepad.

"You must be the accountant," she said, smiling brightly at Jeff who immediately blushed and nodded his head. "David doesn't have time for the day to day stuff of Jamison's. He has more important things to do," she explained and looked down at the floor. She didn't want to be disloyal so she just left her explanation hanging at that terse statement and hoped that would be enough for the three men.

Carlo sensed there was something more that she didn't want them to know and he was curious. He suspected that there was much more to this tiny daredevil of a woman than met the eye. She came across as a little scatterbrained but he deduced that her chattering was due more to nervousness than a lack of intelligence.

"How are we to get reports and information we need to complete the investigation?" Peter asked, knowing what needed to get done and eager to get started.

Kate smiled brightly, feeling like she was on safe ground now. "Anything you need, just ask me. I've assigned my deputy to take over for me for as long as you need information. I'll only be interrupted for emergencies, so just let me know, and I'll get you the data. David has dedicated my services to the three of you for the foreseeable future. I'll be helping you through this process for as long as it takes."

Peter and Jeff nodded and the three of them discussed the areas they would like to review and how the due diligence process works at a high level. Peter gave her a list of things he would need to get started and Kate swept up a notepad and started writing. She nodded at all of Peter's questions, indicating she knew she could get him the information.

"What do you need?" she turned to Jeff.

Jeff also gave her a list, but it was much smaller.

Carlo watched her as she made notes. He recognized the moment when she knew she'd have to face him and was curious about her reaction to him. He was definitely having a reaction to her although he wasn't sure why. She was not his usual type but his body was instantly aware of everything about her, every movement she made. It was as if she were a bundle of energy just trying to escape as quickly as possible. He also liked watching her facial expressions. He wondered if she knew how much she revealed about her thoughts by her facial features. Carlo couldn't tear his eyes away from her.

"What kinds of reports or data do you need?" she asked more quietly, her eyes not meeting his but focusing somewhere on his chin.

Carlo didn't smile. "I'll be fine with what you're getting for Jeff and Peter," he explained, wishing she'd look up at him so he could see her fascinating, green eyes again.

Kate sighed, the relief evident. "Okay. If you'd like coffee, it has been set up on the table behind you. There's cream and sugar as well as several types of tea. I'll get to work on these reports. If you need anything else, my extension is..."

"You'll need to work in here with us," Carlo said before she could give out her extension. "Do you have a laptop you can set up to work with us?" he asked.

Kate looked at Peter and Jeff to see if they also wanted her in there, and received duplicate blank expressions. She had been afraid of that. "Yes, I have a laptop I can set up. I'll get these reports and will be back in about ten minutes."

Kate left the conference room, closing the door quietly behind her.

"Why do you want her to work in here? Isn't that a departure from our normal routine?" Jeff asked as soon as they were alone.

Carlo didn't look at Jeff. He stared at the closed doors instead. "I think everything about this process is going to be different," he speculated.

Five minutes later, Kate burst back into the room, her arms loaded down with reports and charts. "Here you go. This is the first batch," she said and blew a hair out of her face as she carried everything to the table.

Jeff and Peter instantly jumped up to help her, taking the top folders that were stuffed with information and carrying them over to the table themselves.

"Oh, thank you!" she said and dumped the remaining reports onto the conference room table. She straightened up and saluted them, "Okay, off on my second trip for more," she explained and disappeared in another blaze of white petticoat.

Carlo noticed that both Jeff and Peter were staring at the closed door. He cleared his throat to get their attention and they snapped out of their stare, jumping to find their respective reports and get to work.

It was another ten minutes, not that Carlo was watching the time, he told himself, before she reappeared. Again, she was loaded down with bulging file folders, thick reports and stacks of papers. At the very top, she had a laptop computer perched precariously. He watched as she carried everything to the table. Somehow, she was able to balance everything without the stack toppling over. He was impressed. He thought only men wanted to make one trip for everything. Apparently this fireball was the same way.

Peter and Jeff again jumped up and took some of the burden off her while Carlo watched in astonishment as his previously well trained acquisition team, who were trained to not get involved with the personnel of a target, teased this small, fascinating woman about carrying so many items in one trip. Carlo had trained these men to avoid any kind of personal involvement with target employees while reviewing data prior to the acquisition of a particular company. It didn't matter if it was a friendly acquisition, such as this one, or a hostile takeover. Peter and Jeff knew that they were supposed to remain separate in order to maintain the data integrity and not become influenced by employee issues.

Even Carlo knew that this was going to be a difficult test for his team. Hell, Carlo wanted to jump up and help her if only to get himself closer so he could capture her scent again. Her perfume was very subtle, barely there even, but smelled of lilac and vanilla. He liked it. Too much, he thought. He admitted that he was drawn to her. But he kept himself apart, determined to maintain the discipline that demanded isolation from a target during due diligence. Once they had made the final decision to acquire a company, he would then give himself permission to get closer and get to know the personnel. He had to, in fact. It would be his job to find out who would be kept on after the acquisition and who would be laid off.

Carlo watched in fascination as Kate plugged in her computer. She was definitely a ball of energy, he thought. Just plugging in her computer took a great deal of movement. And each time she moved, her hair bounced, her skirt fluttered and her hands were everywhere. It would be exhausting to watch her if it wasn't so fascinating.

Kate bit her lower lip and tried to concentrate on putting the appropriate plugs into her computer. She hated to admit it, but she was a computer know-nothing. She figured out that the power cable needed to connect into the round hole in the back. She made that assumption with minimal difficulty. There were only two round holes and one didn't fit. She was extremely relieved when the other hole worked. But then there was the blue plug that looked like a phone cable. She had no idea what that did. She'd seen the computer support people plug it in and she suspected that it helped her e-mail work, but other than that, she was lost. There were two areas that this plug fit into. Since she didn't want to blow up her computer by putting it into the wrong one, she just left it unplugged assuming that was the safest plan of action.

She decided it wasn't too important since there was no obvious plug in the back of her computer so she laid it aside and started with the mouse connection. This one turned out to be another cable that she couldn't figure out. Deciding to save face, knowing that the tall, incredibly sexy man at the end of the conference table was watching her, she dropped the mouse into the chair next to her and used the touch pad on her computer, hoping she looked non-challant enough to hide her computer ignorance.

Taking a deep breath, she looked at her screen and was relieved to see that she had power. That was something, wasn't it? She felt as if she'd accomplished a small miracle. Clicking on her e-mail button produced no results. She knew that blue thingy connected her somehow. Should she try again to connect?

Kate sighed longingly. She wished she could work in her office. There, she just snapped her laptop onto what the computer guys called a docking station and everything worked. She had another docking station at home and it was easy enough to plop her computer in and, again, everything worked. She didn't have to worry about connecting plugs or power cables or anything.

Suddenly, there was a large form leaning over her and Kate's whole body went into overload. It was him! Carlo! And he was leaning over her computer.

His shoulders were so broad, they blocked out the sunshine as he leaned over her computer. Kate's skin warmed with his closeness. He accidentally brushed her arm and her whole body shivered in reaction.

"Need some help?" he asked.

With a few snaps, her e-mail came to life. He picked up her mouse from the seat next to her and snapped that into place as well. Then he casually walked back to the other end of the conference table, leaving Kate trembling with curiosity and awareness of this incredibly attractive man.

Kate watched him as he took off his suit coat and draped it on the back of a chair. Good grief! The man's shoulders filled out that suit! There was supposed to be padding there to make his shoulders look broad but there wouldn't be any room with those shoulders. The man looked like a body builder!

Kate snapped her mouth closed and forced herself to stop staring at the man.

He was talking on a cell phone but she didn't understand anything he was saying. He wasn't talking in a foreign language, but the numbers and references were so foreign to her, she couldn't decipher his words.

Who was she kidding? She couldn't understand him because her blood was humming in her ears after he'd gotten so close to her. And she'd seen those magnificent shoulders. "Wow", she thought again.

Looking up, she noticed all three men were staring at her again. She'd done it again! "E-mail message," she said quickly as an explanation for her outburst. Obviously she had spoken her thoughts out loud once more. She really needed to stop doing that. The man wasn't that gorgeous, she told herself but she didn't look up at him again to confirm that opinion, knowing he was still looking at her after her previous outburst.

Kate forced him out of her mind. Peter was asking her a question about how to read some receiving reports and she concentrated on explaining the procedures and how the items were checked into the various stores. She pulled up the posting application and compared the various lines on the report to the numbers on the screen and explained the checks and balances the store had instituted years ago to guard against employee theft.

The day went by quickly and Kate spent almost all her time answering questions. She knew a great deal but when she didn't, she knew who to call to get the information. By seven o'clock that evening, Jeff and Peter were pulling on their jackets and thanking her for her help that day.

As soon as they left, Kate looked down at the other end of the conference table. "Are you going to continue working?" she asked Carlo. She had been exhausted but after Peter and Jeff left, her body had become wide awake, knowing that she was alone with Carlo and his extra broad shoulders.

"Yes, but you don't need to stay. You're kids probably needed you home a long time ago," he said, not even looking up from his reports.

"Oh, don't worry. I don't have any kids."

Carlo looked up and stared at her intently. "What about your husband?"

"Nope," she said and shrugged her shoulders. She prayed he wouldn't ask if she had a significant other. She didn't want to admit that she wasn't dating anyone. He probably had several women waiting at his beck and call.

"Well, thanks for your help. Will you still be available tomorrow?" he asked.

"Sure," she said and smiled as she stood up, stretching her arms and yawning. "How much longer are you going to work?" she asked, unplugging her computer but noting where the various plugs went in so she could replicate the process tomorrow.

"I'm wrapping things up," he said but kept his eyes on the papers.

"Okay, well, I'll see you in the morning," she said and closed down her computer.

Kate walked out, feeling his eyes on her back the entire time. She was self-conscious for some reason.

Carlo watched her leave, liking the way her hips swayed gently, giving him teasing glimpses of her petticoat with each step. She was a fascinating combination of a sassy and outrageous, brilliant and intuitive. The knowledge that she was not married was going to make the next two months difficult. As soon as the due diligence was over, he knew he was going to ask her out for dinner.

It was going to be a long two months, he thought as she disappeared into an office a few doors down the hallway.

The next morning was about the same as the day before except that Kate didn't have to escort the three men to the conference room. They were already there when she walked in at seven thirty that morning. She was a little disappointed since she had been hoping to get a few other things done prior to meeting with them. She wasn't usually in this early in the morning.

But since the three of them were already hunkering down in their files, she slipped into her seat and started her computer, proud that she remembered where the plugs went today.

Kate sighed as she logged into her e-mail. She had over one hundred messages.

"Excuse me," Peter said, looking at Kate. "Can you explain how this report takes in the data?"

Kate smiled and hopped up without hesitation, coming around the conference table to look at the report he was referencing. It only took her a moment to see the report and figure out what he was asking about. This one wasn't very intuitive and she'd complained about it previously to the head of the accounting department. Unfortunately, that man liked the report and wouldn't change the format. "This data comes from the accounting system," she explained and went on into detail about how the invoices from the various vendors are processed, entered into the system and divided up by department. Peter listened avidly and took notes on everything she said.

Jeff had a question next and she went through several more explanations. The morning flew by and the next thing she knew, she was being handed a sandwich by Carlo, who hadn't asked her anything at all during the morning work session.

Kate blushed as she took the offered sandwich. The intensity of his gaze as he handed it to her made her feel as if he could look into her soul and know how hungry she was, not just for the food either. She wanted to touch his face and see if he was made out of stone or actual human flesh. Was he warm blooded? Did he ever smile or show any other emotion on his face? She didn't think so although he was the most handsome stone statue she'd ever seen.

By the afternoon, Kate came to the conclusion that Carlo Attracelli was not a statue. Statues didn't work this hard. Carlo was a work horse and a slave driver. He never asked for any information. He reviewed everything that Jeff and Peter handed to him, making notes in his computer. He entered numbers into a mysterious spreadsheet and rarely stopped to take a break.

And he almost never spoke.

By six o'clock that evening, Kate was exhausted. She was wearing four inch heels today with a pencil slim red skirt and a ruffled shirt that was much more office oriented than her outfit of the previous day. Unfortunately, jumping up and getting the information, or helping the others understand what and how things work, took a toll on her feet.

Jeff and Peter packed up and politely thanked her for her help during the day. They left, leaving Kate to stare fixedly at her computer so she didn't have to look at the intimidating man at the end of the conference room table she now was calling Attila.

"What are your plans tonight?" Carlo asked.

Kate was so surprised by his question she actually jumped. "Nothing," she smiled, wishing she could admit that she wanted to toss her shoes into the garbage and soak in a hot tub.

"Can you answer some questions for me tonight if I buy you dinner?" he asked, leaning back in his chair and observing her.

Kate's sore feet were instantly forgotten. In fact, everything was forgotten including the fact that she had decided she didn't like him. "Dinner?"

Carlo smiled and his whole face was transformed. He was handsome before, but his smile showed off white teeth and eased the seriousness from his expression. His eyes crinkled at the corners and his shoulders seemed to relax slightly. "Yes, dinner. Do you eat?"

Kate was too fascinated by his smile. She wanted to sigh with pleasure. "Eat?" she asked, not sure what they were talking about.

Carlo chuckled. "Come on, you must be famished."

The man standing up and towering over her reminded her of how dangerous he was. "No, really. I don't need anything."

She stood up abruptly but because she hadn't eaten anything since eleven o'clock that morning, and hadn't had breakfast, she was a little lightheaded. "Oh, my," she said and almost fell backwards. If it wasn't for his quick feet and strong arms, Kate would have fallen down onto the floor.

He was holding her by her waist, waiting for her eyes to clear up. She focused on his chin, too afraid to look higher. "I'm okay, now," she whispered, intensely conscious of his hands burning holes in her clothing where he touched her waist. Her body was on fire just from his simple touch.

"I know," he said and reluctantly released her. Putting a hand on the small of her back, he guided her out of the room. "Come on, you need a break and something to eat," he said, handing her the tiny purse with a gold chain she'd dropped in the chair earlier that morning.

Kate walked along side him, worried about leaving the building with Carlo. She didn't know what the rules were on dating the enemy but she didn't want David Jamison to see them. She knew he wouldn't like it at all. Not that she and Carlo were going on a date, she told herself. He was only taking her out on a business dinner to work longer.

Kate didn't think a simple business reason for socializing would matter to David. He discouraged everyone from even being friendly with other employees outside the office so going out to dinner with the lead of the due diligence team was probably forbidden. But then Kate ignored the idea. This wasn't a date, she told herself again. He wanted more information. That was her whole purpose for being in the conference room so it was only more of the same. She was sure David would approve of working and eating at the same time.

They made it to the elevator and out to the parking lot without anyone seeing them. "Mr. Attracelli, I really don't...

"Carlo," he interrupted. "And you do really." He didn't slow his pace but continued guiding her through the parking lot.

"No, I can just make myself a sandwich at home. There's no need for you to take me out to dinner."

Carlo just opened the door to a beautiful black Porsche, one eyebrow raised as he waited for her to get into the car.

"Really, there's no need," she said, glancing up at the windows to the building, hoping no one would see her getting into this man's car.

"Get in and stop worrying about who is watching you," he said challengingly.

Kate shook her head but gave in. She could tell that he wouldn't take no for an answer. And if the truth were known, she wanted to go with him. This was the first time she'd really talked to him and, unfortunately for her peace of mind, she was fascinated by him.

He got in beside her and Kate could barely breathe. His masculine scent surrounded her and his long leg was almost touching hers in the tiny, powerful car. She moved her hand so it was over her lap. Otherwise, she'd be touching him in the small confines.

Kate watched in fascination as his hand shifted gears. She shook herself mentally as she realized that she even liked his hands. They were strong looking, with long fingers and well manicured fingernails.

Why in the world was she thinking about the man's fingernails? She was sure he thought she was a completely idiot. She dressed like a Barbie doll and said the first thing that came to her mind. What could an intellectual man with a serious attitude towards life like in a flighty woman like her?

"I don't think you're an idiot," he said, his deep voice gravely in the quiet of the car.

"I'm sorry?"

He glanced at her quickly as he shifted down to turn a corner. "You said I probably think of you as an idiot. I don't," he explained.

Kate stared at him, furious with herself for actually voicing that comment out loud. "Oh," she said. That was the third time she'd done that. She had been able to pull the first idiotic statement off as a joke yesterday and the second time she'd come up with the e-mail excuse. Was she losing her mind?

Of course she was. She wanted to kiss the man. If that wasn't insanity, she didn't know what was. He was dangerous both professionally and personally.

Kate listened in the car for a moment, worried that she'd said that desire out loud as well.

When he said nothing, she let her breath out slowly, thankful that she'd kept the thought in her mind only.

"Why do you think I consider you in that light anyway?" he asked.

Kate shrugged and watched as he pulled up in front of a building that looked completely shut down for the night. But a valet jumped out from the doorway and was immediately holding her door for her. "It is what most people think when they first meet me," she said as he came around to her side of the car.

"I'll admit, you're a little different with your attire, but you know what you're talking about when you're explaining the information to Jeff and Peter."

"Well, that's just because I've worked in every department in Jamison's."

"I don't think we've ever had a liaison as knowledgeable in so many aspects of the company," he said as he held the door to the restaurant open for her.

Kate was both shocked and pleased by his compliment. It gave her a warm glow as he spoke to the maitre D in perfect Italian. They were instantly led to a table despite the fact that they didn't have any reservations. It was one of the nicer tables too, looking out onto a courtyard filled with trees decorated with little, white lights.

"I didn't know there was a restaurant here," she said, taking the offered menu and looking around with awe at the beautiful Italian decor. The walls were done up to look like a rustic, Italian villa and the tables were covered in red and white checkered table cloths. The waiters were running around efficiently delivering food but were dressed in immaculate tuxedos.

"I don't know how they stay so clean," she said, laughing at herself.

"Who?" Carlo asked, his menu by his side as he watched her.

"The waiters," she said, nodding to one who was carrying a load of plates high over his head. "I love to cook but when I do, the whole kitchen is covered in whatever I'm cooking. It takes longer to clean up than it does to prepare and cook whatever I've decided to make," she laughed. "I bet you're a perfectly clean cook, aren't you?"

"What do you mean by 'clean'?" he asked, a small smile on his face. He could imagine this ball of energy throwing a meal together, her face covered in flour and every part of the kitchen doused as well.

"I bet you wash every dish right after you cook and you never get anything where it isn't supposed to go," she said. Glancing down at his perfectly tailored suit, she slanted him a look. "Actually, I'm guessing you don't cook at all, do you?"

Carlo smiled. "No, not really."

"Do you at least make your own coffee in the morning?"

He raised one eyebrow. "Coffee?"

"You do that a lot, did you know that?"

"What?" he asked.

"Raise that eyebrow. You're back to thinking I'm an idiot. But that's okay. I like cooking and I think it is fun. I think everything in life should be fun," she explained and shrugged her question away. Kate looked down at her menu and tried to ignore the man staring at her from across the table. She bit her lip, wishing she could present a more sophisticated image to him. He was probably used to dating very elegant society ladies who were worldly and full of sophistication. She decided that Carlo needed someone who would make him laugh. He was definitely too serious.

The waiter came and took their dinner order. Kate requested a plate of pasta with a cream sauce and fresh vegetables and Carlo ordered the chicken parmesan.

"Would you like something from the bar?" the waiter asked.

Kate started to shake her head but Carlo ignored her. "The lady will have..." he looked over at her and considered her for a moment, "A chocolate martini. I'll have a bourbon on the rocks."

Kate laughed. "That sounds interesting. I usually have a marguerita but a chocolate martini sounds wonderful."

"You look like a chocolate martini kind of person," he said.

"Why do you say that?" she asked, curious about what he thought of her.

Unfortunately, he just shrugged his shoulders instead of answering her.

Kate watched him. "Are you always so calm and in control?"

"Yes," he said without hesitation. "Is that a bad thing?"

"No, just an observation."

"How would you describe yourself?"

"No, that's not fair. How would you describe me? I described you," she said and plucked a breadstick out of the basket to munch on.

Carlo leaned back in his chair and considered her for a moment. He knew exactly how he would describe her but wasn't sure she would appreciate his observation so early in their relationship. It also gave him time to just look at her lively face. "You're not calm but very in control," he replied.

Kate's eyes registered her shock. That wasn't what she was expecting. Most people thought of her as a little chaotic but he saw something else in her. For some reason, that terrified her.

"What makes you say that?" she asked quietly, too shaken to just shrug off his comment.

He watched her face calmly for another moment before responding and Kate wanted to squirm. It was like he was reading her mind again and that made her nervous. "You're ability to absorb a huge amount of information, quickly learn the task and be able to teach it to someone like Jeff or Peter."

"And you consider that control?"

He nodded in response. "Well, you have to have focus to learn things so quickly," he explained. "You've accomplished a great deal in the twelve years you've worked for Jamison's. It's impressive." He let his words sink in for a moment before continuing. "I also think you're style of dress is a facade in a way," he said.

Kate's fingers shook as she lifted her glass of water to her mouth for a sip. "In what way?" she couldn't help asking.

"You only want people to see one side of you. But I'm guessing there are multiple layers to your personality. Not all of them do you allow others to see."

Kate couldn't respond to that. She'd never thought about how she dressed as anything other than her own personal taste. But she knew if she'd considered it, he might be right, at least partially.

"I don't think I'm that complicated," she said, trying to smile but it came across as forced. "What you see is what you get."

Carlo didn't respond since their drinks arrived at that moment.

Kate quickly took a sip, eager to change the subject. "Oh my! This is delicious," she exclaimed, liking the sweet, chocolate alcohol.

He changed the subject then, turning to business and started asking her questions about some of the processes she'd discussed with Jeff or Peter during the day.

Their meal arrived and Kate's hunger came roaring to life with the smell of the pasta in front of her. "This looks delicious," she said and dug into her food with relish.

"Why have you worked in so many of the departments?" Carlo asked after they'd tasted their meals.

Kate took a sip of her chocolate martini and smiled, appreciating the tart sweetness. "I started actually working here when I turned sixteen."

"Were you working here before then?"

"Absolutely not. Phillip wouldn't think of hiring me illegally even though we desperately needed the money. No, I was just always underfoot, I guess you could say. My mother started working for Phillip Jamison when I turned five years old. She would pick me up from school and bring me back to the store so she could finish whatever she was doing for Phillip. I would sit next to her and do my homework. Sometimes Phillip would even help me with my math homework. It was fun most of the time. But because I was always around, especially the president of the company, I heard everything that was going on in those days. He used to run his ideas by my mother for her feedback or he'd discuss issues with his other vice presidents as he was walking somewhere. I'd hear snippets of things that were going on or whole conversations. So I know more than I should, I guess."

"What do you mean, 'in those days'? And where was your father?"

Kate raised one shoulder, dismissing the past as unimportant now. "It's just a different environment now that David is in charge." She ignored his question about her father.

"How so?" Carlo asked.

Kate thought back to the years before David took over as the president. "It's just a different world. David Jamison and his father are two completely different people. For instance," she leaned forward, eager to relay the memory, "Phillip used to have one of those huge gumball machines in his office. It took up a whole corner of the room where my mom's office was located. His staff would come in and get a gumball during the day, just to take a break. Once the gumball machine was empty, he'd have a meeting with all the people on the staff and they'd vote to see which charity would get the money. He'd then pay out of his own pocket to fill up the gumball machine again and the whole process would start over again."

Carlo smiled with her at the memory. "And now? Who gets the gumball money? Or does David just decide for himself?"

Kate's hands dismissed the idea. "Oh, that's gone now." The nostalgia in her eyes instantly disappeared and she took another bite of her pasta.

Carlo wouldn't let the subject go although he could tell she wanted to drop the idea. He suspected that the gumball machine meant more to her than she was willing to admit. It represented more than just a previous president that she respected. The way she told the story, the gumball machine represented the difference between Phillip's management style and David's. "Where did it go?"

Without any expression on her face, she explained, "David Jamison had it stored somewhere. We have no idea where it went. It just disappeared one day and no one had the guts to ask him where he'd put it."

"What did the staff say when it disappeared?"

"Well, most of the old staff left soon after Phillip's retirement. The people who work here now don't know about the old days and the gumball machine." She tilted her head to the side slightly, "I don't think some would like the idea."

"Why?"

She shrugged slightly. "I just get the impression that most of the people on staff now are too career oriented to think about contributing to charity. And none would be caught dead chewing gum," she laughed slightly.

"Would you?"

"Oh sure. Especially if it..." she stopped. "Yes, of course."

"That's not what you were going to say. Finish your thought," Carlo asked.

"No, it isn't relevant. Anyway, the gumball machine is gone and it is a very different place to work now. Not just because of a silly gumball machine."

"Good or bad?"

"Neither, I suppose, just different," she said but wouldn't look him in the eye.

Carlo knew she wasn't telling him the truth about her opinions on David Jamison's management of the stores. But her lack of response said volumes. Both about her opinion and about herself.

Carlo decided to change the subject and come back to David's management style another time. Hopefully, he could get her to trust him enough to voice her opinion of the current management team and give him some insight. "Why did you stay on? You could work in any store with your experience and knowledge. You also have a great reputation within the industry."

Kate smiled, flattered that he knew about her. In answer, she shrugged slightly, "Because they kept promoting me and I love this place. It kind of got into my bones."

He nodded, understanding that she had a great deal of loyalty to the previous owner which translated to loyalty to the stores but not necessarily to the current owner. Would it transfer to the future owners? That was the big question. He suspected that it would. "Is your mother still around?" he asked, extremely curious about the woman who raised such an intelligent and loyal woman on her own.

Kate smiled fondly. "Yes. Phillip left her a huge amount of money after he died. That, plus her retirement, has her living in relative splendor down in Florida."

Carlo nodded, glad that her mother was taken care of. "What does she think about the changes?"

Shaking her head, Kate looked away. "She might have a few things to say about them." She didn't elaborate, not wanting to talk about her mother's frustration with David Jamison and his management style.

Carlo wasn't going to let her get away with that statement. He was too curious. "What would she say?" he asked, watching her face carefully.

Kate smiled brightly. "She'd probably say if you don't have something nice to say about someone, don't say anything at all."

Carlo chuckled at her evasive answer. "I take it she doesn't really like David all that much?"

"He's different than his father," was all Kate would say, her eyes challenging him.

"Is that why she didn't stay on as his secretary?"

Kate nodded. "Phillip and David Jamison have two completely different business philosophies. I don't think David would have kept her on even if she'd wanted to stay. My mother was not a passive woman. When she disagreed with Phillip, she said so. I don't think David would have liked that."

"David likes yes-men around him?" he asked.

"That sounds negative. He's kept me around and I'm definitely not a yes person, nor a yes-man," she teased.

"I can definitely see that," he laughed. "But they disagreed with each other on the direction of Jamison's?" he continued.

"My mother liked the way Phillip ran the company. I don't think she likes the way David does. But that doesn't mean David is wrong, just that the two of them disagree."

Carlo nodded his understanding and let that subject drop. He was interested in a statement she made a few minutes ago and the fact that she had avoided answering his question about her father's current status in her life. "What about your father? You didn't answer my question earlier."

Kate shrugged her shoulders and took a sip of her martini, looking off at the other guests in the restaurant. "I don't remember him," was all she would say.

Again, he was going to be a bore and not give in to her evasiveness. He got the message but was too curious. "What do you mean? Where did he go? Did he die?"

Kate smiled but it was humorless. "Oh no, nothing so dramatic as that. He just decided one day that he didn't like being a father or a husband and he went away. We never heard from him again."

Carlo knew she was trying to hide her feelings, but a small amount of pain still came through in her voice and the way her eyes avoided focusing on any particular thing while she talked about her father.

"How old were you at the time?" he asked quietly.

"Four years old." She didn't elaborate.

"What do you do when you aren't working?" Carlo asked, changing the subject. He could tell that it was a very painful subject for her. He wanted to know more, but she obviously didn't want to discuss it and he didn't want to push her. He decided to come back to that subject later. He already knew that he was going to have several of these kinds of conversations with this woman. He was too fascinated and wanted to get to know her.

Kate was eager to talk about something less emotionally charged. Her eyes lit up again and she leaned forward in her seat. "Oh, different things. I shop at other stores, see what they're selling, compare prices and quality." She laughed, "But I usually find the more interesting items to sell at Jamison's from my own sources so it is just a self-serving mission when I shop."

"How so?" He liked the way her eyes revealed whatever she was feeling.

"I like to know if I've gotten the best deals or the best clothes. Jamison's is known for quality and originality. We cater to the business woman, but also to the individual."

"How did you come up with that niche idea?" he asked.

The fork froze midway to her mouth. "How did you know it was my idea?"

He smiled at her surprised expression. "I researched the trends, cross referenced when you became the buyer and figured it out." He winked at her from across the table. "I can be a very resourceful fellow."

Kate laughed, liking the laughter in his eyes even though he didn't actually laugh out loud. "Okay, so it was my idea. I had a hard time convincing David to let me go in that direction. He wanted to stay with the same old boring lines, the traditional career designers. I had to argue for over a year just to do a trial of my idea. It has worked though. Jamison's has become known for their original career clothing and great quality. I just wish David would adopt my pricing strategy." She almost rolled her eyes but restrained herself before continuing. "We could increase the volume if he'd just lower the price point. The volume would take care of his precious margins."

Kate shook her head as if to get the bad thoughts out. "What do you do when you're not working?" she shot back at him.

"I play tennis and golf," he replied.

Kate smiled at his cryptic reply. "Of course, what else?"

"Why of course?" he asked.

"You just look like the type that likes to play golf."

Carlo wasn't going to let her get away without explaining her comment. "What's my 'type'?"

She eyed him carefully, daring to look up at his face with it's five o'clock shadow, his sharp, intelligent eyes. She wouldn't let her eyes drop below his chin. She didn't want to think about his incredibly gorgeous body. "Rich, driven," she finally said. "Hard and tough on both yourself and your staff. You probably haven't played golf in over a month, have you?"

He didn't bother to answer but the look on his face told her she was right on target. "What else?" he asked.

"Oh, I don't know much more. You're a very serious person. Probably an only child?"

Carlo threw back his head and laughed, shaking his head at how far off the mark she was.

"Older brother?" Kate guessed. She was a little rattled by how wonderful his laugh sounded to her ears. It wasn't even a rusty laugh which meant he laughed often, just not in business situations, she supposed. She felt thrilled to have initiated his laughter although she wasn't sure what the joke was.

"I'm one of the youngest, I'll give you that."

Kate was instantly intrigued. "Uh oh. You must have more than one older brother. Lucky you!"

Carlo laughed again at that. "Why am I lucky?"

"First of all, tell me how many brothers you have."

"I have one older sister who died several years ago plus four older brothers and one younger sister."

Kate sighed and her shoulders drooped slightly. "Oh, that must have been a lot of fun," she sighed. "What was it like living with so many siblings? Was it absolutely wonderful? Did you all play together and have lots of fun?"

Carlo shook his head. "You definitely have the wrong idea of what it is like living in a large family. Having siblings is not always fun. Especially being the youngest boy. I only had one sister to pick on and she was too little to tease for a long time. The rest picked on me until I was able to fight back."

"But you all shared toys didn't you? It must have been loads of fun," she sighed, wishing she could have experienced siblings.

"It didn't matter how many toys we had. Everyone wanted what the other was holding, especially me. And since I was the smallest for a long time, most of my toys got ripped out of my hands. Until I learned to fight back, that is," he explained.

"Is that why you're so muscular? Because you had to fight all your older brothers?"

Carlo raised an eyebrow at her observation which instantly made Kate's cheeks flame yet again. Carlo laughed at her shy expression. "I guess it was a type of competition among the five of us. We're all pretty big. I like working out but so do all my other brothers. It wasn't really about toys though."

Kate almost giggled in delight. "What were Christmas's like? Did you have lots of presents and lots of fights? I can imagine all the toys six kids had. It must have been heaven with wrapping paper flying everywhere and lots of food and candy."

Carlo nodded. "Christmas was fun if a little hairy. I had to learn to hide my toys or lose them. Michael was always trying to take electronic toys apart until he discovered computers. That was our saving grace. It still is. I have nine nieces and nephews with another one on the way. With that many kids in one house, you cannot imagine the noise and chaos," he laughed, shaking his head.

"But you love it?" she asked, knowing from the way he was smiling that he did.

"Yeah, they are all a lot of fun."

They talked until almost midnight before Kate looked at her watch. "Oh no! It's so late. I really need to get home. I have an early start with three demanding soon-to-be co-workers," she said, smiling at Carlo.

Carlo chuckled and quickly threw some bills on the table to cover the check. "I'll take you home." He stood up and came around the table to pull out her chair.

Kate was again flustered by his nearness. Also, she wasn't used to men treating her like a lady. Usually, she had to run to catch up to her dates once they left the table.

She was so nervous she almost dropped her purse as she stood up. "No, I need to get my car back at the office," she said and rushed on ahead of him to the restaurant exit.

After all their talking in the restaurant, Kate couldn't think of anything to say on the short drive back to the store headquarters. She was too conscious of the man's thigh right near her own. She kept thinking about the idea of moving her hand slightly, finding out if his leg was really as muscular as it appeared. She told herself it was only curiosity and nothing else. She'd think the same thoughts of any statue in a museum that was chiseled so perfectly.

Her car was the only one left in the parking lot and she knew she'd be ribbed about the fact when she arrived at work the following morning. There weren't many secrets in this office. Thankfully, they wouldn't know who she'd left with. She didn't want to imagine David's fury if he knew she'd been to dinner with Carlo and they talked about family and personal things all evening.

As soon as Carlo's car stopped, Kate jumped out. She bent over and smiled, "Thanks for dinner. It was wonderful. I'll see you tomorrow," and she slammed the door before he could say anything else. Kate jumped into her tiny Mazda Miata and drove off, afraid to look back at the handsome man sitting quietly in the car behind her.

Chapter 2

The following morning, Kate was a half hour late for work and was rushing to catch up with her morning routine. She'd overslept because she'd forgotten to set her alarm the previous night. Kate had been dancing around her room as she'd gotten ready for bed, so thrilled about her evening with Carlo she hadn't remembered to press the button that would wake her up in time for work. She flew into the conference room with a large cup of coffee in her hands, smiling her apology to Jeff and Peter who were already settled in their respective places at the conference room table.

"I'm sorry to be so late," she said breathlessly, setting her coffee down on the polished wood. "Where's your leader?" she asked, wondering why the idea of saying his name seemed too intimate.

Both men smiled in greeting. "Carlo was here but he had a meeting and will be back in a while," Peter said.

"You look tired. Late night last night?" Jeff asked.

Kate took a long sip of her coffee as she nodded.

Peter smiled his sympathy. "You know, Carlo can be a slave driver if you let him. He's fine if you just say you need to leave. You don't have to stay at work until all hours of the night like him. He's a very reasonable person, I promise."

Kate just smiled, not wanting the two men to know she had not been working with Carlo last night but had been socializing with him. "He didn't keep me here late. He's a very nice man. In fact, he tried to push me out of here around seven o'clock." She was also worried about David knowing that she'd been out with the enemy. If her boss found out she'd been to dinner with Carlo, he'd be furious. David Jamison discouraged all forms of employee socialization. He even frowned on two employees going to lunch but most people ignored his attitude in that area.

Kate was logging onto her computer when she heard voices coming towards the conference room. She quickly became interested in the file on the top stack of the nearest pile.

"I'm glad Katherine is working out for you. I know she's extremely knowledgeable about all the Jamison departments. She's a real asset to our operation," David was saying.

Kate looked up and saw Carlo nodding his head as he entered the conference room, his eyes looking right at her. "Yes, she's been great to work with. Thank you for assigning her to us," his deep voice replied.

"Good, good," David said cordially. He looked around the conference room and noticed Kate sitting at the table. "Kate, you look tired," David said, feigning concern for one of his employees. "I saw your car here last night as I was leaving but I didn't see you in the offices. Late night with your friends?" he said.

Kate would normally ignore his question, knowing that he didn't really care where she'd been. But with Carlo, Jeff and Peter looking on, she thought she should at least be polite to him.

"I went out with a friend," she said simply, avoiding Carlo's eyes. "I just left my car here for convenience."

"Well, tell your friend not to keep you out late the next time. You're an integral part of this transition team and you need to be fully alert to provide information to these gentlemen." He nodded to Jeff and Peter. "Are you getting everything you need?"

Both men nodded their heads and thanked him for Kate's support. "She's great," Jeff said.

"Good to hear." With that, David left, having patronizingly done his good deed for the day.

"Well that was a pleasant interlude," she said under her breath.

Jeff and Peter heard her and chuckled. Kate hadn't thought she'd said it loud enough for anyone to hear but apparently even Carlo heard it on the opposite side of the conference room. His eyes were smiling even though the rest of his face was stone serious.

Kate grimaced with the knowledge that they had heard. It was petty of her to have said it and she regretted that they'd heard her. "Sorry, that was uncalled for. What can I do to help you gentlemen today?" she asked, smiling as cheerfully as possible.

"I'm okay with the reports you gave me yesterday," Peter said. Jeff also nodded.

Kate was about to start on her own work, assuming that Carlo wouldn't need anything again today since he hadn't requested anything from her the previous two days.

Her assumption was incorrect. His deep voice broke through to her nervousness. "I'd like to take a tour of the store, if that would be okay with you," Carlo said, moving towards her chair. "Do you think you could spare a few hours and explain how things work in the real environment?"

Kate nodded but her nervousness multiplied. Be alone with him for hours as they walked through the store? "Of course," she said and stood up, glad that her shaking legs would hold her.

"The front doors are closed right now but we can get into the store through the employee entrance at this time of the day," she said escorting him down the hallway. Before she'd gotten ten feet out of the conference room, she was accosted by three of her staff needing questions answered. To all three of them, she pointed to her deputy's door. "I'm sorry, I'm on a special project for David. You'll have to go to Matt for help. He's fully capable of answering your questions," she said and stepped away quickly.

She showed Carlo to the elevator and as soon as the doors closed on the two of them, Carlo spoke. "Are you having problems with your work load, being our point of contact as well as managing your staff?"

Kate shook her head. "I don't think it will be a problem. Matt is good at what he does, he just doesn't always want to manage the team. He's great at selecting styles for the store and getting great prices for the stock, but puts his head in the sand when personnel come to him for help."

"Are you concerned?"

Concerned about Matt or concerned about being alone with you, she wondered to herself. "No, this is probably a good thing. He'll have to develop more, broaden his horizons. Me being out of the picture forces the issue for him to move into more of a management role, which he's been avoiding for too long."

Carlo nodded his head and Kate turned to look at the lights indicating the floors they were passing. The headquarters was located on the tenth floor of this building. The department store took up the first three floors and there were other offices that occupied the rest of the building.

She fidgeted with her pearl necklace until the doors opened. She could feel Carlo staring at her and wondered what he was thinking. He was so large, he seemed to make the elevator feel smaller than usual. His broad shoulders were almost touching hers as they waited for the doors to open. She tried to step away, but there really wasn't much room to move.

Finally, the doors opened and Kate almost sprung out of the small space. She set a quick pace through the stock rooms, barely explaining anything. The stock rooms were dark and quiet since no one would be there for at least another hour except security. She led him quickly out into the store which was still closed at this time of the morning but at least there were cleaning people moving about and some of the management staff were checking the aisles to make sure things were set up properly. The most important attribute for Kate's peace of mind was that it wasn't as dark as the store rooms which had seemed too intimate when Carlo was with her.

Once on the main floor of the store, she stopped and waved her arms, the pride evident in her voice. "This is the flagship store and the original one built by David's great grandfather. It's also my favorite," she said, smiling as she looked up at the tall columns and intricate iron work on the walkways.

"Why?" Carlo asked.

She glanced around, loving the feeling this building evoked within her. "Lots of reasons, I guess. The historical significance is probably the main reason I like this store so much. I also like the ambiance of this store. The others all have their own flavor, but this one is the only one that really goes back in time and shows what it was like to shop in the earlier days," she explained, running her hands along one of the jewelry counters.

"You strike me as being a little nostalgic," he said, eyeing her black, high-waisted slacks with a wide, pink satin bow tied around her waist. Her pink silk shirt was topped by a triple strand of pearls and the only indicator of conservatism he'd seen in her dress code yet.

Kate nodded her head in response. "I'm very nostalgic. I love new things but I have a huge respect for the old as well. It shows us where we were and, if you look closely and pay attention to the details, where we are going," she said.

Carlo agreed with her opinion and appreciated her perceptiveness. But he didn't say anything, preferring to simply watch her face as she talked about the store.

They walked slowly around the various departments as Kate talked about how each of them were connected to the other, the flow of the layout and why one department was located in a specific area versus another. Carlo wanted to know exactly how the stock was brought onto the floors, how it was purchased, how long it took to train the various people and what kinds of personalities the store looked for in employees.

The store was open and full of shoppers by the time the tour was over in the early afternoon. Kate was fascinated by his curiosity. It didn't seem like he cared only because of the due diligence he was currently reviewing. He asked about things there was no reason for someone as high up as he probably was within ATI to know.

She liked that about him. She thought it was interesting that he wanted to know about everything and nothing was beneath him. It was completely different from David who never even scratched the surface on the details of running the chain of department stores. Kate wondered if David had even been in the store rooms lately. She knew he'd worked in some of the departments but that had been only briefly when he'd been a teenager.

She remembered doing her homework one afternoon when she was in middle school. David was just about to graduate from high school and go off to college. Phillip had demanded that David learn the business by working on the floor in the men's department. That afternoon, she'd seen David fly into a rage at Phillip. He'd stormed up from the store that day and exploded into his father's office, stating emphatically that he would not work another day on the retail floor.

With those words, David had left the building and hadn't returned for two years. By that time, Phillip had decided to bring David into the store at the executive level which David felt was a much more appropriate position for him.

Kate continued to answer Carlo's questions as they made their way back to the conference room. That was the last time Carlo and Kate were actually alone together for the next three weeks. She worked in the conference room and the days settled into a routine. She would help the ATI team for the morning, then by the afternoon, she was able to concentrate on her own work although she remained in the conference room to answer any questions.

Although they were never alone, Carlo started asking her questions during the day as well. That was almost more painful though. When he approached her, her whole body reacted. Her nerves started tingling and her blood seemed to hum along her bloodstream. She knew her feelings were becoming involved and tried to stop it from going any further. But the man was just too incredibly handsome and intelligent for her not to fall for.

She wondered about her attraction towards him. He was serious and quiet, unlike any other man she'd ever dated. Most of the men she'd been interested in previously had been much shorter, less muscular definitely and much more lively. Kate was usually interested in people she met at bars or dance clubs she and her friends frequented in the evenings and on weekends. She realized that most of her boyfriends ended up as her friends instead of lovers.

She thought back to the one time she'd spent the night with a boyfriend. It had been disastrous! She'd cried through the whole experience and been ashamed the following morning. She'd walked home from the guy's apartment since he wouldn't even wake up enough to drive her home. Kate had been crushed by his insensitivity towards her need to get home but even more so by his callousness once they'd been intimate. It was as if she hadn't existed to him anymore. Apparently, Kate had just been a challenge to a group of men who had all tried to get her to sleep with them.

The worst part came when her period was late that month. As soon as she'd suspected that there might be consequences to their one night together, she'd approached him and warned him of the possibility of a pregnancy.

Kate would never forget that moment. She told him that her period was late and he'd immediately exploded in a rage, telling her that she'd have to get rid of the baby. He'd gone on to shout that if she didn't abort the child, he'd have nothing to do with it.

Kate had gone white at his rage but something inside her shriveled and died that day as he spoke his venomous words. That afternoon had been a turning point in her life. Kate remembered standing in the man's apartment and shivering with the realization that she'd made the same mistake her mother had made, trusting in a man who she didn't really know. Kate had stumbled out of the man's apartment that afternoon and gone home. Luckily, her monthly cycle had started later that day but the fury in the man's eyes had never left her.

Since then, she'd never taken that kind of a chance again. She'd never been willing to experiment with a sexual relationship after that, not able to find a man who made her feel anything more than mild pleasure when he kissed her and definitely no one she wanted to worry about a possible pregnancy situation again.

Kate knew that she made friends with her boyfriends instead of risking a physical relationship with them because of her fear of a repetition of that scene.

Unfortunately, she found herself staring at Carlo occasionally when no one else was looking. She wondered what it would be like to experience a kiss with him. Were his lips as hard as they appeared, she wondered? Or would they be soft, gentle?

Kate was staring at him one afternoon about three and a half weeks after Carlo's team had taken over the conference room. Her finger was rubbing her lips as her imagination took control. It was a long time before her eyes focused and she realized that Carlo was staring right back at her!

She snapped her attention back to her computer, hoping her face didn't look as hot as it felt.

Jeff and Peter had gone through their previous reports and were now asking other questions which she had to research to get the answers. She was also pulling previous accounting reports for them to review, tax reports and purchasing files. Kate was amazed at the level of detail they wanted to get into but since she'd never been through this kind of operation. Having worked for Jamison's since she was a teenager, she wasn't sure what to expect.

It was almost eight o'clock before Jeff and Peter left. Kate hadn't seen them leave since she was busy dealing with some purchasing issues that came up and Matt had ignored. When she finally cleaned those up, she came back to the conference room to find Carlo sitting back in his chair reviewing a report.

"Ah...Do you need anything else?" Kate asked, wanting to leave. She was worried about being alone with him.

Carlo put down his report and eyed her across the table. "Why so wary?"

Kate tried to relax. "I'm not," she lied.

Carlo ignored her obvious lie and shook his head. "I don't need any other reports tonight. Thanks for your help," he said.

Kate picked up her purse and rushed out of the room. "I'll see you tomorrow then," she said and waved to him behind her.

Kate made her way to her car and jumped in. Turning the key in the ignition, she was eager to get home and relax. It had been a difficult day. But nothing happened when she turned the key.

"Oh no!" she groaned. She looked at her gauges and none of them moved when she turned the key.

She noticed her headlight switch at that point. "No! Please tell me I didn't forget to turn off my lights this morning," she said to the dashboard.

Obviously it didn't reply but she was able to push the button and it moved to the 'off' position. "Shoot!" she said and opened her car door again.

"Car trouble?" a deep voice said from behind her.

Kate jumped and turned around to face Carlo.

"No. Nothing's wrong," she said immediately as Carlo stopped a foot away from her.

"Forget something?" he asked.

Kate latched onto that excuse. "Yes. I forgot my purse," she said, it was the first thing that came to mind.

Carlo looked past her and raised his eyebrow. "Isn't that it sitting on your passenger seat?"

Kate sighed. "Yes."

"What's wrong, Kate?" he asked, putting his hands into his pockets.

Defeated, she admitted her problem. "I left my lights on this morning. Now my battery is dead."

Carlo nodded. "Do you have jumper cables?"

She shook her head. "No. I have a car service though. I'll call them and wait for them to jump the car.'

Carlo shook his head. "I'm not letting you stay here alone tonight." He pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number. "Hey, Jim. I have a dead battery. Can you come over and fix it?" He listened for a moment and nodded his head. "We'll leave the address in the passenger seat. Thanks for your help."

He hung up the phone and pulled out a card. "I'll drive you home. Write your address down on this and someone will deliver it to you once the battery is replaced."

"There's no need..."

"Yes there is. Write," he said firmly.

Kate took out a pen from her purse and wrote down her address. She left the card in the passenger seat, then turned to speak to him again.

"Come on, I'll drive you home."

"You don't need to drive me home, I'll get a cab."

"Now what would my mother say if I left a lady stranded on the side of the road?"

Kate laughed at his serious expression. "You told me the other night that your parents passed away several years ago."

"She'd still be furious with me. Come on," he said and put a hand in the small of her back. "I'm driving you home."

Kate hesitated but the firm hand only pushed her gently along. Before she knew it, Carlo was tucking her into his car and they were driving away.

At the exit of the parking lot, he turned to her, silently asking her which way to go. Kate gave him directions and within fifteen minutes, they were pulling up outside her small house. It was completely dark which wasn't unusual. She usually drove into the garage which had an automatic light.

"I'll walk you to the door," he said and got out of the car. He walked around to the passenger side and held her door for her.

She stepped out of the car and he closed it behind her. "Carlo, really there's no need to do this," she said, terrified of being alone with him more than of a burglar inside her home. She wasn't sure which was more dangerous.

He ignored her and walked in front of her to the darkened front door. When they reached the porch, he waited for her to find her key. "Thank you for the ride," she said, digging through her purse and finally locating her keys. Her fingers were shaking and she dropped them three times before he took them out of her hands.

"Do I make you nervous?" he asked as he opened the door.

Kate shook her head.

Carlo chuckled. "You're not a very good liar, Kate."

She smiled slightly. "Your mother should have told you a gentleman doesn't call a lady a liar."

"I believe she did," he laughed. "Why do I make you nervous?"

She shrugged her shoulders.

He put his hands on her shoulders and turned her so that she was facing him. "We're going to be lovers, Kate," he said softly.

Kate's gasp almost choked her. "What?"

He wouldn't let her step back from him. "Admit it Kate, you're just as attracted to me as I am to you," he said, his voice husky in the dim light.

She shook her head, denying what he was saying. "No. You've never given me any indication that you're interested in me."

He took a step closer to her and smiled. She could barely see the smile in the light but she could feel it somehow. "Ah, but I have. You just don't know me well enough. But I'll give you time."

She took a step back. "No, that's not a good idea," she said. Kate didn't think he would be the kind of man who would accept a friendship with her. Carlo definitely needed to be kept at arms length.

"I can see your heartbeat on your neck," he said and touched the spot that was beating frantically. "Don't be nervous. I won't bite," he said. "At least not where you'll mind," he replied, leaning closer.

"Carlo, you've only known me for a little over three weeks and now you're telling me we're going to be lovers."

"I know. Odd isn't it?"

She nodded her head, her hair dancing along his hands where he was still holding her shoulders. "It's crazy."

He didn't like the nervousness in her eyes. But he knew he could get past that eventually. "Not crazy. Just odd."

She shook her head. He nodded.

"I'm going to kiss you," he warned.

"Don't say that," she whispered and put her hands on his chest to push him away as he leaned forward. That was a mistake. As soon as her hands touched him, she was instantly fascinated by the feel of his muscles flexing under her fingertips. Her breath caught in her throat and her face turned up to his like a flower to sunshine. She wanted the kiss now. She was aching for it. She felt like she'd been waiting for it ever since she'd first met him in the lobby of the office over three weeks ago.

The first touch of his lips against hers made her gasp. His lips weren't stone after all. They were definitely firm, but very persuasive. His lips moved over hers slowly, persistently, telling her to open her mouth. The moment she complied with his unspoken request, his tongue entered and the kiss escalated.

The passion soared, Kate's mind was already blank but it was unable to stop him or to understand that this was too dangerous to continue. His mouth moved over her lips and her hands gripped his lapels, holding onto the only solid force in her world.

The kiss ended abruptly but he didn't move away from her. He couldn't, of course, because she was still holding him, unable to stand on her own feet since her head was still spinning.

When she realized what she was doing, she immediately released him and took a step back, taking deep breaths as she tried to control her body that only wanted to step back into his arms and continue with the earth shattering feelings he delivered with his mouth.

"I'd better get inside," she said and quickly turned around. She closed the door and leaned against it until she heard his car drive away. Only then did she breathe more easily.

Kate was late getting to work the next morning. She'd lain in bed tossing and turning, worrying about how she was going to face Carlo the next day. But her worrying was pointless she found out when she walked into the conference room. Only Jeff and Peter were working there.

"Where's your boss?" Kate asked as non-challantly as possible.

Jeff glanced up from the report he was reading and smiled. "He's out for a while. We're not sure when he's going to be back."

"Oh," Kate said, and ignored the sharp stab of disappointment.

The day turned out to be boring. Without Carlo there to spice up her day, she had to push herself to go through the motions. Jeff and Peter asked questions that she was easily able answer. With Carlo, not only was she physically attracted to him, she was mentally and intellectually challenged by him. His questions were difficult, forcing her to think through several issues in order to answer his question. She tried to keep a few steps ahead of him as well, anticipating what he might need and providing it before he asked. She researched issues that Jeff or Peter had already asked about, knowing that he would be the next to challenge her data so she turned it every which way in order to make sure she understood what she was presenting to the team.

To add to her fatigue, in the middle of the morning Matt threw a tantrum in the conference room about all the work that was piling up on him. It was the first time that day that she was glad Carlo was not there. She didn't want him to witness a member of her team behaving poorly. Jeff and Peter were witnesses, but they just continued with their research after the initial outburst from Matt.

As soon as Matt started in on his paroxysm, she tried to placate him and ease his concerns. "Okay, let's take this into my office," she said quickly, trying to calm Matt down and hide the fact that her deputy was obviously unable and unwilling to handle more responsibility in her absence.

She pulled him into her office and listened with hidden frustration as Matt listed the issues that were piling up. Kate wrote them down on a notepad, then handed the list back to him. She went over the various ways Matt could handle each of the situations, then explained to him that he really needed to step up and take care of the problems until this period with the ATI due diligence was over. Once the researching was over, she'd be able to step back into her role as the director of purchasing and ease some of the burden. But until that time, he had to assume the role.

Matt took her list and wrote down all his options. He was clearly relieved to have guidance on how to handle the problems. "Okay, but as long as you're still the boss, I'll be good to go. I definitely don't want your job, Kate. Too much pressure," he said and walked back to his own office to start working on the problems.

Kate looked at her desk, or, more specifically, the pile of papers and fabric samples that covered it. There were some issues only she could make decisions on and she needed a few days to review them. She wondered if she could stay in here and go through the papers covering her desk. Would Jeff or Peter mind?

She suspected that they wouldn't, but she didn't want to challenge Carlo. Kate didn't think Carlo would appreciate her abandoning him and his team, not even for a short period. She settled for sorting the papers and making neat stacks. Once that was done and she was able to see the top of her desk in some spots, she then took the urgent issues with her back to the conference room to review. She hoped she'd be able to work on some of them before Jeff or Peter needed more information.

The afternoon went by quickly. Jeff and Peter were able to work without her for a few hours so she settled into her office and went through her papers.

She didn't realize how late it was until she heard the deep voice from her doorway.

"What are you still doing here?" Carlo asked, one shoulder leaning against the doorway, his arms crossed over his chest.

Kate looked up and swallowed. He was so incredibly handsome, she thought. He looked like he should be on the cover of some body building magazine with those bulging muscles that were evident even through his perfectly tailored suit.

"Um..." Had he been that handsome the day before? He was wearing a charcoal grey suit and a red silk tie. Usually she liked men with a little more flair and color to their wardrobe but she had to admit that Carlo could definitely fill out a boring business suit with his muscular physique.

"Are you okay?" he asked, walking into the office to stand right in front of her desk.

Kate cleared her mind of her silly attraction. "Yes. I'm sorry. I just needed to get some work done." She looked down at her desk, unable to hold his gaze. "Was there something you needed? I think I might have been neglecting Jeff and Peter but I wasn't trying to. They both said they had what they needed but if they are looking for something, I'll get it immediately...."

She stopped when she realized she was rambling. The silence was deafening. She let out a deep breath and finally raised her eyes to meet his.

He'd been standing there the whole time, waiting for her to finally look at him. "What's wrong, Kate?"

"Nothing," she said, wishing that were true.

He didn't say anything, just raised his eyebrow as she was getting used to after three weeks. The look spoke volumes.

"You make me nervous," she said, dropping the papers on her desk and leaning back in her chair, her shoulders sagging in defeat.

"Why?" he asked, leaning over her desk.

"Because I'm afraid you're going to kiss me again," she whispered.

"I am."

David interrupted their quiet conversation. "Katherine, where in the world did you put the latest sheets...." He stopped when he realized she wasn't alone in her office. "Hello, Carlo. I wasn't expecting you here. I knew Kate was trying to catch up on things but I thought you're team had left."

Carlo stood up and smiled casually at the other man. "I was just leaving." He turned to face Kate. "I'll see you in the morning?" he asked. He only waited for her nod before turning to leave.

David handed some letters to Kate. "Can you clear up this issue? It appears that something is missing with the latest delivery," he said. "How are things going otherwise? I heard there were some problems with the Kerry Jones line that you purchased last season."

It took Kate a half hour to calm David down and explain how the various fashion lines work. She had already had this discussion with him several times, but he seemed slightly more confrontational tonight for some reason.

It was almost ten o'clock when she left the building. She smiled at the security guard who was walking through the parking lot. She remembered the previous evening when Carlo had driven her home and she shivered, half wishing she could repeat the evening just so she could experience his kiss again.

Kate pushed that thought aside. Wishing for something like that was too dangerous.

Thursday and Friday were a blur. She worked long hours with Jeff and Peter answering their questions, researching issues or finding reports for each of them to dig through. Carlo was mostly silent during the days, sometimes being gone for hours at a time. Other times he stopped his work and listened to her explanations. He rarely asked questions himself.

By Saturday, Kate was exhausted. She slept until ten o'clock which was a first for her. She usually woke early even on the weekends. But she'd been working on five or six hours of sleep each day, working twelve to eighteen hours a day in an effort to help out Jeff and Peter while still managing the purchasing department. There was only so much she could delegate. Matt couldn't take on anymore either so that left her with the bulk of the decisions to be made and those decisions required research and comparisons.

She hadn't listened to her answering machine when she'd gotten in last night but, as she was making coffee, she noticed the light was blinking, indicating that she had at least one message.

Kate groaned as she listened to the messages. The first one was from David. He had arranged a cocktail party for the vice presidents and the ATI team so they could get to know each other a little better. He was asking her to show up and introduce the ATI team to the other executives.

The other message was from her mother who was just calling to check in and see how things were going. Kate hadn't spoken to her mother in over three weeks which was unusual. They tried to connect at least once a week. Unfortunately, with her extra work load, Kate hadn't had the time or the energy to talk with her mother.

She thought about the two messages and what each required. The last thing she wanted to do was act as a hostess for David. But she supposed there was no way she could really get out of it. She called her mother and chatted with her, filling her in on the latest news while she searched through her wardrobe to find something appropriate to wear for David's schmoozing party.

She dressed carefully for the evening, not wanting to draw attention to herself. She chose a simple black, crepe dress with satin trimming. Usually, she would add something to the dress to add some flair, but tonight, knowing that Carlo would be there, she avoided all sorts of jewelry and additions. She needed to be inconspicuous.

Kate stared at herself in the mirror. She looked like she was wearing a black sack. She'd even pulled her hair back into a simple chignon so it wasn't flying everywhere as usual. The image that stared back at her was so far from her usual self she hardly recognized herself.

She worried at her reflection. What was she really trying to do? Was she trying to avoid Carlo? She desperately wanted to kiss him again. But could she stop it at only a kiss? She realized that she liked being attracted to him. He might seem boring and stone-like initially. But underneath, she knew there was a firestorm of intelligence and humor just under the surface that fascinated her. Was it just a fantasy she'd concocted to get her through the days? She knew she'd been bored with life lately. Was this just a silly infatuation she needed to ignore? Or was she willing to pursue a more physical relationship with the man?

She shivered as she remembered her previous sexual experience. It had been so painful, so humiliating. Would it be again? She didn't think so. Was she sure enough to try again? Not really. Even with Carlo?

No, definitely not with Carlo.

She knew herself, despite her flighty dressing and somewhat ditzy demeanor. She liked the fantasy of Carlo and didn't want that fantasy to disappear with what could be an awful reality.

Kate sighed and turned away from her mirror, grabbing a black, satin purse and leaving her house. Would she ever be willing to try again with a physical relationship? She doubted it. The idea of not having children to run around her house, a husband to share her life with was sad and cold. But the memory of growing up with a father who didn't want her was too painful.

She remembered birthdays, dressing up in her prettiest dresses, combing her hair and putting in a pretty bow, with the hopes that her father would come just once to see her. She'd always wanted to look her best for him, to show him that she was nice enough and wouldn't be a bother to him if he'd just learn to love her a little.

A tear formed in the corner of her eye and she brushed it away angrily. She'd never put another child through that kind of pain. She wanted children. But she could live without them. Other women lived whole, fulfilled lives without children so she'd find a way.

Kate arrived at the cocktail party early to make sure everything was in order. The bartenders were already at their stations and the caterer approached Kate, asking when she wanted to start the hors d'ouvres. Kate discussed the other technicalities of the party but everything seemed under control. David arrived ten minutes after Kate and she could tell by the look in his eyes that he liked her outfit. It was conservative enough for his tastes.

The guests arrived almost immediately after David did and Kate was busy matching groups of people up with others to ensure that conversations were lively and interesting. She chided herself each time she surveyed the room looking for one man in particular. She was not watching for Carlo, she told herself. She was only making sure everyone had arrived so she could slow down a bit.

Three hours later, the party was in full swing. Everyone was having a great time and Kate decided to find a quiet corner on the balcony.

She was looking out at the lights of the city, admiring the way the fall skyline twinkled with the stars now that the humidity had died down slightly with the beginning of fall just around the corner.

"What the hell are you wearing?" a deep voice said from behind her.

Kate swung around and smiled as Carlo walked towards her. She wished her heart didn't skip a beat but it did. She forced her face into a more professional mask as he stopped a foot away from her.

"Well?" he asked.

"Well, what?" she asked, smothering an automatic smile at his approach.

"What are you wearing? Why are you wearing something that looks like my grandmother would own?"

She couldn't help it. Kate laughed at the insult. "It's just a cocktail dress," she said, not really defending her outfit since she hated it. It also made her feel wonderful that he hated it as well.

He looked her up and down, his eyes not missing a single detail of the simple dress and conservative shoes. "I guess I'm just used to you showing up in something every other woman wishes she could pull off instead of what every other woman is wearing."

Kate could no longer maintain her passivity. His compliment sent her stomach into flip flops. "Thank you."

"So why the hell are you wearing it?" he demanded again.

"I thought something more conservative would get David off my back for a while," she explained, scanning the crowd and finding her boss as he slapped another vice president on the back.

Carlo followed her gaze, his eyes not showing any emotion, as usual. "Has he been bothering you lately?"

"No, not really," she said, letting out a little breath. "He's just his normal, ornery self."

Carlo turned back to her and she thought she saw a slight bit of disgust in his eyes but she wasn't sure. "How would you run the company differently?" he asked, taking a drink from a passing waiter.

Kate was shocked. No one had ever asked her something like that. "Wow! That's a big question."

"Haven't you ever thought about how things could be different?"

"Sure I have. Who hasn't? I've just never been asked."

"Well, here you go. What would you do differently?"

Kate looked over to where David was still standing, "Well, for one thing, I'd create a more team environment," she whispered.

Carlo laughed. "It isn't treasonous to think differently than someone, Kate. It's okay to talk out loud."

Kate smiled slightly. "You don't know David very well, do you?"

"Not really. He doesn't strike me as the most creative of leaders. Am I very far off the mark?"

"No, he's an old school, textbook style manager."

"Wouldn't you say that most companies need a director rather than a manger at the helm?" he asked.

Kate considered that for a moment. "I guess so. It would depend on what you consider a director versus a manager."

"I'd categorize your leadership in your department as more of a directorship than a manager. From what I've seen so far, you seem to have an idea and ask the whole team to manage towards that goal. A manager only takes direction from a supervisor, ensuring that the tasks are accomplished but with no vision behind the orders."

Kate thought about what he said and felt as if he'd just given her one of the biggest compliments. Apparently, he liked the way she managed her team and her department. She considered that high praise, coming from someone like him. "Thanks," was all she could say, too flattered and embarrassed by his compliment.

"I just call them as I see them," he said, taking another step towards her. "Want to get out of here? This seems like a pretty boring party."

"The party is supposed to be for your team to get to know the Jamison executives," she explained. Kate glanced at the rest of the guests, noting that it was mainly Jamison executives still hanging out. Even their wives had left. "I'm supposed to be acting as David's hostess."

He put a hand on the small of her back and guided her towards the door. "Let David take a little responsibility for himself. You come out with me. I'll be you haven't eaten anything tonight have you?"

Kate shook her head. "No, but I should really tell David that I'm leaving."

He guided her towards the elevators quickly. "He knows," Carlo said and lifted his hand to wave to the man. David raised his drink in response, then turned back towards the other men surrounding him.

"Do you have a preference for dinner?" he asked as they entered the elevator.

The small space closed in around them as Carlo moved closer to her. He turned towards her, cornering her in the elevator as he looked down at her, his dark eyes watching her face.

"No," she whispered.

"It's past ten o'clock. If I promise to be a gentleman, would you come to my place?"

"I thought you didn't cook."

"I have a maid that stores something in the refrigerator so all I need to do is re-heat."

Kate shook her head. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"I think it would be a very good idea," he contradicted.

"No. How about something..."

"Safer?"

"Yes. Safer," she agreed.

"Coward."

"Terrified," she agreed, nodding her head.

Carlo took a step closer to her, blocking the light from the elevator ceiling. "Why don't you just come to my place, we can make love and get over your concerns now?"

"No, Carlo. We can't do that," she said and stepped back. She didn't dare touch him, knowing how that had affected her the last time.

He wouldn't let her retreat. He grabbed her waist and pulled her closer. "Why not?"

"I can't do it," she said, but her voice was breathless. The lower half of her body was pressed intimately against his and she could feel his muscles, his legs and she liked the feeling.

"Why not?"

Kate couldn't explain. "It's difficult."

The elevator doors opened and she pushed past him and stepped out into the air quickly, needing to put some space between them so she could think.

He wouldn't let her go. He grabbed her hand to stop her from running away from him. "Come out to dinner with me. I promise to be a gentleman."

She tried to pull her hand free but he held it gently captive in his own hand. "Carlo, I think it would be better if we stay friends."

She stopped at her car and he put a hand on either side of her, boxing her in. "Who says we can't be lovers as well as friends?"

"It doesn't happen that way."

"Kate, I've already told you, we're going to be lovers. It's inevitable. There's too much attraction between us for anything else."

Kate shook her head, but he was right. Unfortunately, her mind wouldn't let her accept them. "We can fight it. Ignore it. We can't give in to it."

"I want you," he said and leaned closer.

"No. You don't. You can't," she whispered, but her eyes were watching his mouth descend closer to hers.

His lips touched hers a moment later and she couldn't argue anymore. She didn't want to. She opened her mouth on her own this time, not waiting for him to ask. His tongue instantly invaded her mouth and his hands pulled her closer. She wasn't leaning against her car anymore. She was leaning against him and she could feel his body react. Her own was melting against the heat his inspired within her. She felt like she was on fire. Kate wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled herself closer, wanting to feel all of him, wanting something she knew deep down she couldn't have. But she could have this kiss, this moment and she didn't want to deny herself that.

"Kate, come home with me," he said, his hand moving from her waist to rest just under the curve of her breast, his mouth moving across her mouth to her neck, her ear, nibbling on her lobe.

"Just kiss me, Carlo, please don't ask for anything more than that," she begged.

And he proceeded to do just that. His mouth moved back to hers, his tongue mating with hers, his hands moving up and down her sides. Kate groaned as his knee slipped between hers, spreading her legs so she was practically riding him. The feeling was so erotic she almost lost control.

They heard laughter as the doors to the building opened and other guests left. Kate jumped back, feeling like a bucket of cold water had been dumped over her head.

"I have to go," she said and opened her car door.

Carlo let her get into her car, but bent down before she could close the door. "You know what's going to happen, Kate. Stop fighting it. We're both in pain now but we could be spending the night together instead, satisfying our need for each other."

With that, he gently closed the door and walked away to his own car that wasn't parked far from hers.

Kate drove home with shaking fingers. She was only slightly more in control when she pulled up into her garage. The night was long and she slept fitfully, images of her and Carlo making love together flitting through her dreams, keeping her from fully resting.

Monday morning, Kate was a mess. She wanted to avoid the conference room altogether. She walked to her office and sat down. Carlo could rot for all she cared. She was not going in there and that was that.

A half hour later, David called her into his office. She groaned, knowing what he was going to say. She walked into his office a few minutes later and saw Carlo sitting in one of the chairs in front of David's desk.

"What's up, David?" she asked, taking the only other seat.

"Carlo wants to check out the other stores and I was hoping you could help him."

Kate got a cold feeling in the pit of her stomach. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, take him up to the Maryland and Virginia stores first. Show him around, help him understand the operation. Then head out to the stores in the other states. Give him the information he needs to finish up this process so we can all move on to the next step."

Kate was in a panic and wasn't sure how to get out of it. Travel all over the country? Stay in hotels only a few feet away from him? She was having enough trouble when they lived miles away. How was she to control this situation when he was in the room right next to hers? "But what about my department here?"

David wasn't going to relent on such a flimsy excuse. "Matthew needs to learn your job. He can handle a few more weeks of filling in for you."

Kate was defeated for the moment simply because she couldn't think of a way out of this situation immediately. She looked at Carlo with hostility but kept it out of her voice. "When did you want to start these tours?"

"How far is the drive to the closest stores?"

"Fifteen minutes."

He stood up and raised a challenging eye. "Well, then let's start there."

Kate nodded. "Fine. Let me get a few more things organized and I'll meet you downstairs in a half hour. Is that soon enough for you?"

Carlo nodded, then turned back to David. "I'll let you know if there's anything else I need. Thanks for your support."

David preened at Carlo's good ole' boy networking, happy to pull one of his employees in line. "No problem, Carlo," he said. "Just stop in anytime," he said and slapped Carlo on the back as if they'd been friends for years. "Kate, can I speak to you for a moment?"

Kate gritted her teeth. Carlo wasn't playing fair by going to David for these kinds of requests. But now she was sure she was going to get a lecture on office protocol from her boss.

She was right. "What's going on between you and Carlo?" David demanded as soon as Carlo had shut the door.

"Nothing," Kate said, crossing her arms over her chest and sitting back down in her seat, wishing she could ignore the pompous man. Unfortunately, he was still her boss and she didn't see that changing, even after the sellout to ATI. She remembered all the reasons she stayed in this job and swallowed her antagonism.

David took a seat on the edge of his desk, making sure he was able to look down on her from his position. "It doesn't seem like nothing. It seems like you have a huge chip on your shoulder where he's concerned. I don't need to remind you that he'll be my boss soon, in a manner of speaking, so you'd better deal with him more professionally. This barely veiled antagonism isn't in anyone's best interests."

Kate nodded her head. "Anything else?" she asked sweetly.

David looked up and down her attire. "Now that you mention it, why don't you tone down your clothes a little? You looked very presentable on Saturday night. I liked your simple black dress. These outrageous clothes you tend to wear are fine for a purchasing director, but you're leading the transition team now. Surely you have more conservative clothes that define what we are trying to get across more than this...this...well," he said awkwardly, waving his hands up and down in front of her indicating her outfit, "you know what I mean."

Kate glanced down at her blue and white striped pants topped off with a neat, white sweater.

"What's wrong with my outfit?"

He sighed in frustration. He hated confrontations and wished he had asked someone else to have this conversation with Kate. "It would be fine if we were in Paris or New York. But you know that Washington, D.C. is a much more conservative town. Can't you tone it down a little?"

Kate bristled at his comment. "No. This is who I am and I like it."

His eyes turned angry at her blatant disobedience. "We'll see what happens when this sale is through. I'm not going to have anymore of that kind of talk when we're part of ATI, and I can guarantee that they won't allow it either," he snarled.

Kate turned her back on David and his threat. "David, if you're going to fire me, why don't you do it now?"

"Why would I fire you?" he snapped at her retreating back. "You're one of the best buyers in the industry. But there are better things to do to a recalcitrant employee than firing them," he said as she put her hand on his door. "You'd better remember that."

Kate glanced back at him. "David, if I didn't like this store so much and respect the memory of your father, I'd quit on the spot right now."

David sneered. "Yes, but we both know that you're not going to do that, are you? So why don't you be a good little girl and go touring with our potential owner." She was almost out the door when she heard him say, "And why don't you bat your pretty little eyes a little. Things might go a little more easily for you."

Kate slammed his door, sickened by his suggestion.

Back in her office, she stormed around, slamming file drawers in an effort to get rid of some of her frustration. She was being trapped in by Carlo and she didn't like it.

She was biting her lip, trying to figure out a way around his latest maneuver when Samantha, her secretary walked in. "Kate, you wanted these filed but I don't have the key to the main storage area."

Kate laughed in delight as an idea formed in her mind. "Samantha, don't worry about the files now. Go grab your purse and your notebook. I need you to help out on a project. We're touring the other stores for a few days." Kate thought for a moment before she called out again, "Order a car service, please. We'll need a car large enough for at least three people."

"Great!" the older woman said and immediately turned around to get her notebook. Samantha was obviously delighted at the opportunity to get out of the store for a while.

Kate danced around her office for a moment, cheered that she was going to outdo Carlo. As the two women walked down to the conference room, Kate was still smiling as she walked in.

"We're ready when you are," she said gaily as she entered the room.

"We?" Carlo asked, closing down his computer and looking up at the two women standing in the doorway to the conference room.

"I asked Samantha to help out and take notes on whatever issues you might need more information on," Kate explained.

Carlo smiled and reached out his hand. "That's great," he said, shaking Samantha's hand. "We'll be able to get this done twice as fast." He turned to Jeff. "Can you go with Samantha to the Maryland stores and I'll take the Virginia sites? We'll meet back here tonight to discuss any issues we find."

Kate wanted to argue but Carlo didn't give her a chance. He ignored the shocked look on her face as he put a hand to the small of her back and led her quickly out of the room and into the elevators.

Kate fumed all the way down, not willing to talk to Carlo at all. Once they reached the parking lot, she headed for her car but Carlo chuckled and turned her towards his own.

She started to protest, "I can drive myself. We should just meet at the store instead of being...."

He ignored her protests and opened the passenger side door for her. He settled her inside the passenger seat without any acknowledgement of her statement.

He walked around to the driver's seat and got in, laughing at her mutinous expression.

"Believe it or not, Kate, I always do thorough inspections of every aspect of the business I advise on ATI buying. This isn't out of the norm for my operation," he explained, then started the powerful motor. "Which way?" he asked.

Kate directed him to the nearest store besides the flagship store which he'd already gone through. The next one was in Arlington, Virginia. It was one of the larger stores and one of the more profitable ones. It was surrounded by several large companies so the store drew a lot of lunch shoppers during the weekdays as well as the suburban crowd on the weekend that wanted to get to the larger department stores but not actually go downtown to Washington, D.C. where the traffic could be difficult at any time of the day.

Carlo and Kate walked through the aisles of clothes first. He asked her questions about the different styles at this site versus those at the Washington, D.C. store. She was impressed that he'd noted the subtle differences and proceeded to explain the different demographics of the shoppers. She also filled him in on the shopping trends for suburbanites.

They went through every department and spoke to as many of the employees as Carlo could, depending on the volume of shoppers. Kate hung back, listening to the answers and trying to give him as much freedom as possible. His questions were unique but pertinent to the sale. He wanted to know how the management of the store treated the workers, what kinds of hours they worked, what times they'd prefer to work, what kinds of benefits they'd like to have to make their lives easier. The questions were endless and Kate wondered how he could store so much data in his mind because he didn't take any notes. Between interviews, he discussed their answers with Kate and was always able to reference the employee's name and quote them, referring back to statistics he had to have garnered from the reports she'd given him earlier in the month.

His patience was also endless. No matter how many times he'd asked the same question to various employees, he genuinely listened to the comments of the workers. Kate was surprised by some of their answers. She hadn't realized that so many of their benefits had been dismantled in the past five years. Apparently David had been a very busy boy, she thought to herself. He'd cut costs, definitely, by eliminating the benefits for the store employees. But he'd done it at the expense of morale which was always a dangerous thing to do. If the employees weren't happy, they didn't treat the customers well. If the customers weren't treated better at Jamison's, they tended to investigate Macy's or the other May department stores. Retail was an extremely competitive industry with customers that were fickle with their loyalty at the best of times.

It was nearly six o'clock in the evening when they finished going through the Arlington store. He called Jeff on his cell phone and questioned him on his findings. Kate couldn't hear the replies but Carlo's expression showed that he was not impressed.

"Okay, meet me at my place in thirty minutes. The four of us will go over our findings together over dinner."

Kate was concerned. "I guess Jeff found the same situation at the Maryland store?"

Carlo nodded. "What's up with your boss?" he asked, turning the Porsche to the left to head in the opposite direction from Jamison's headquarters.

Kate sighed and nodded her head, understanding his question and ignoring her supposed loyalty to the company. She didn't feel disloyal though. She loved the store and the company but what she'd heard about David's management didn't set well with her. "I'm not sure. I didn't realize that things were so bad. My team only does the purchasing. I don't think David understands the impact his cost cutting measures have on the stores' vitality."

"Do you?" he questioned sharply.

Kate was a little taken aback by his question and the anger behind it. "Of course. I think all the employees should be treated well, whether they work in a corporate environment or any other."

"What else do you see about David's management style?" he asked as he turned sharply to the right to get ahead of a minivan.

Kate considered that question for a long moment. "I can't see any blatant trends but things are going a little sour even at the headquarters level. The amount of office politics that seem to be floating around is getting a bit out of hand. And it tends to be a little petty as well."

Carlo nodded and Kate must have said the right thing. His anger dissipated with her observations. "I've seen it too. The people working for David complain about decisions in the kitchen while getting a cup of coffee or heating up their lunch."

Kate agreed. "I guess when it gets to that level, people are pretty unhappy."

He glanced at her quickly before turning her attention back to navigating the rush hour traffic. "What would you do about it?"

"Oh, my. You ask a lot of difficult questions." Carlo was pulling into an underground parking garage. "The first thing I would do is give back all the benefits that have been taken away. There's no reason someone working forty hours a week should not have health insurance. I think even part time people, maybe those working twenty hours or more should have benefits."

"Good start. What else," he asked and shut down the engine but didn't move to leave the car.

"Maybe talk to them more. David doesn't like to dirty his hands with the riffraff. But from what I heard today, there are some great ideas from the workers. Many of those ideas made a lot of sense."

"And?"

They were getting out of the car and Carlo led her to the elevators. He put in a key and the doors opened immediately. "I'm not sure. I'm guessing you have a suggestion but I'm not heading in the right direction."

Carlo smiled, but it was a tight smile. "No, you're heading in the right direction with the comments suggestion, but expand it a little more."

The elevator doors opened to an immaculate apartment. But it was all decorated in white. There was a white sofa, white carpeting, white curtains. The only relief from the white was a long black coffee table in front of a black stone fireplace. "Wow! This place needs some color," she said immediately. She regretted her comment when Carlo turned and stared at her. "Sorry, your decorating is none of my business," she said and put her purse on a white, marble table.

"Can Sarah be trusted?" he asked, not mentioning her color comment.

"Absolutely. She's my personal assistant."

"So she won't go back and discuss anything she hears tonight with the management at Jamison's?"

"No. She's not a huge fan of David's so she keeps her distance."

"Is there another possible reasons she stays away?" he called back as he headed into another room.

Kate followed him, curious to see the other areas of Carlo's home. She froze in the kitchen, sure she had just entered a sterile zone. The cabinets were all white with frosted glass panels. The countertops, stove, refrigerator and ovens were all stainless steel. Even the toaster blended in. There was some great lighting that was hidden in very precise and strategic places. But in Kate's opinion, this was not a room to make cookies or try out a new recipe as she liked to do occasionally. This was a room a hospital would envy.

"Whoa!" she whispered, still standing in the doorway.

"What's wrong?" he asked, picking up the phone and dialing.

Kate regrouped and closed her mouth. "Nothing," she said, but he'd caught her shocked expression.

He chuckled at her attempt at tact. "I guess you don't like my kitchen either."

Kate shrugged her shoulders. "It just isn't my style," she said diplomatically.

Carlo smiled at her feeble attempt at being sensitive. "Translated, that means you hate it," he said then spoke into the phone. "I'll need dinner for four," he said to someone. He nodded then covered the mouthpiece. "Is beef okay with you?" he asked.

"Sure," she said, assuming he was ordering Chinese.

"Beef is fine. All the usuals."

A moment later, he hung up the phone and walked towards her. "So you don't like my living room, you don't like my kitchen, and yet you shiver each time I get close to you. Very curious."

Kate was wary of the look in his eyes. She turned and walked back into the living room, putting as much space as possible between them. "I didn't say I didn't like it. It just isn't my style," she clarified.

"What would you do differently?" he asked, still stalking her with a small smile on his face.

Kate was walking backwards, not wanting to take her eyes off him. "I don't know, maybe just some flowers somewhere," she said, waiving her hand at the room in general. "Something that isn't white."

"Flowers are nice," he said and looked around the room. "Where would you put them?"

"Anywhere," she laughed, glad that he wasn't offended. "Just break up the whiteness."

"The whiteness? Is that even a word?" he chuckled.

He'd gotten to about a foot away from her when her legs backed up to the end of the sofa. She was trapped. "I don't know," she said, her eyes moving to his mouth.

"What else?" he said, his voice husky as he stopped, standing directly in front of her. If she moved an inch, she'd be touching him.

"Pillows," she said, licking her lips.

"Pillows?" he asked, his eyes looking at her facial features. "Why would I want pillows?"

"Color."

"Ah, just the simple color. Shouldn't everything in life be so simple?"

"Nothing is that simple."

"Sure it is," he countered, his gaze not wavering from hers. "You look around, you say flowers and pillows. How hard can that be?"

She thought frantically. "Well, there's going out and shopping for pillows, the flowers die and have to be replaced periodically. There are issues with everything," she said, not really understanding what she was saying but muttering off the top of her head. Her mind was on the smell of his aftershave, evident even this late in the day.

"There aren't any issues with me kissing you, are there?"

"Yes," she said immediately.

"What are they?"

Kate tried to think, but her mind didn't want to. She wanted to be kissed. She wanted to feel the passion burning within him. She had been wondering all day if he was still interested in her but he'd shown no reaction to their closeness in the car. Now that she knew, now that he wanted to kiss her, she couldn't think of any good reason to stop him.

"I don't know," she finally said.

With those words, he grabbed her by the waist and pulled her against him, his mouth covering hers with his own, his lips moving sensuously over hers in an urgent need to taste and feel.

Kate couldn't hold back. She understood now that she'd wanted this all day. She never wanted him to stop kissing her. Her arms reached up and wrapped around his neck, her mouth opening immediately to deepen the kiss.

Carlo's hands slid from her waist to her back, then lower, cupping her bottom with his hands, sliding down the back of her thigh and lifting her leg against his hip. He moved closer, his body taking over the space hers had just occupied. His body reacted immediately to her scent and her obvious need for him.

Suddenly he stopped and backed up. "Jeff and Sarah are here," he said and stepped back, holding her steady while she regained a sense of awareness.

The elevator doors opened up a few minutes later and Jeff smiled, entering the room while Sarah trailed behind him. "I guessed you two would beat us here. Interesting day, I'm thinking," he said and dropped his notes onto the white marble coffee table.

Sarah also sat down and put her purse beside the sofa. "Kate, I'm not sure if you knew all this, but apparently, there are some pretty unhappy people in that store," she said.

Jeff nodded and Carlo came around the sofa to sit down. Kate followed but it took her much longer to focus on the conversation.

Fifteen minutes after Jeff and Sarah arrived, the elevator dinged again. Kate didn't know what it was initially until Carlo looked back at the elevator and announced that dinner had arrived. A few minutes later, the elevator doors opened and a uniformed doorman appeared with several bags.

"Thanks, Jim," Carlo said as the man disappeared into the kitchen.

"Let's eat," he said and everyone stood up and headed towards the kitchen.

Kate was shocked when she entered and saw what had been ordered. There was braised beef with au gratin potatoes, asparagus with creamy hollandaise sauce and three bottles of wine.

Carlo handed everyone a white plate and the foursome loaded up their plates with the gourmet meal. They ate and talked around the coffee table, sipping the excellent wine and throwing out the pros and cons for buying, and turning around the morale of Jamison employees.

They brainstormed for over an hour, coming up with a plan of action. By ten o'clock, Carlo looked at Jeff. The two men sent a silent signal and nodded.

"Okay, the deal is still on, at least until we discover any other issues," he said.

Kate looked astonished. "You mean, you were about to call off the whole deal because of this issue?"

"Yep. Taking on employee morale is not a small task. Employees who are unproductive make a company unprofitable."

"Yes, but..." Kate stammered. She didn't want ATI to buy out Jamison's, did she? She was against this sale. Why had she just saved the deal?

Carlo understood what she was struggling against. "Yes, I'm the enemy. Now, so are you." He had a very satisfied look on his face.

Suddenly, Jeff clapped his hands. "Well, I don't know about you guys, but I have a demanding boss who expects me to work early in the morning. I need to get some shut eye," he said and stood up. "Sarah, I'll drive you back to the office so you can get your car."

"Thanks," she said and stood up, rushing out of the penthouse.

Kate watched in astonishment as Sarah, her wonderful and supportive Sarah, quickly walked to the door. As the doors shut on the two of them, Kate caught a snippet of intimacy between the two.

"Well, I'll be..." Carlo said, shaking his head as he too, watched the two of them leave.

"They've only known each other for a day!"

Carlo looked at Kate's lovely face. "We've known we were meant for each other ever since the first moment we met. You're just putting obstacles in our way," he said and moved closer to her.

Kate didn't want to start that again. It was too hard to think when he was so close. "Can you drive me back to my car?" she asked.

"Is that really what you want?"

"Yes," she said and didn't look up at him. She took her purse and waited for him.

Carlo sighed deeply. "Okay. Enough for one night," he said and took his keys off the table.

They drove back to the office in silence. Kate was caught up in her confusion and inability to understand how two people who had just met could be so non-challant about starting a relationship. What was wrong with her? What was she missing?

Kate didn't want to think. She didn't want to feel. Thinking meant considering that she was inadequate in some way. Feeling meant confusion and frustration. She settled for numbness.

Carlo drove her to her car but as she reached for the door handle, he stopped her with a simple touch. He didn't say a word but placed a very soft, very gentle kiss on her lips.

Kate stared back at him for a full minute. The kiss was devastating. What did he want from her? What did she want from him?

She didn't want to think. She pulled the door open and got out, then almost fell into her own car, driving home in a trance.

Chapter 3

"We're flying out to Houston today," Carlo said through the phone. "Pack a bag and meet me at the airport in an hour," With those terse words he hung up the phone.

Kate stared at the dead receiver, confusion on her face. What had he said about Houston? Why were they going to Texas? Weren't the reports he needed right here in the headquarters office. She sat up and tried to focus but her mind took its own sweet time in coming together.

Once the message sunk in, she let her head fall back onto her pillow and she stared up at the Kelly green ceiling. "What am I doing?" she said and pulled the lime green sheet and yellow comforter over her head. "I can't go to Houston with that man," she groaned, burying herself in her comfortable, warm bed.

After a few minutes, she realized that her curiosity was keeping her from going back to sleep so she threw the covers back. With a heavy sigh, she pulled herself out of bed and forced her feet to carry her to the bathroom. It was still dark outside, but that wasn't unusual. It was the beginning of autumn so the mornings were pretty dark anyway. She didn't think too much about the time and ignored her now constant state of fatigue. Kate wasn't sleeping well anyway. She stayed up late either trying to finish up her own work by answering e-mails, sending out instructions to her staff, or she was sleepless thinking about Carlo and the way his kisses made her feel.

Last night was a combination of the last two. She'd come home and logged into her e-mail in an effort to get her mind off of Carlo's last kiss. There were over three hundred unanswered e-mails with questions ranging from a price quote on the latest line for a designer to videos of the newest fabrics.

Once she'd gone through over fifty of them, she decided she was tired enough to go to sleep without thoughts of Carlo swirling through her mind. She was wrong. As soon as her head hit the pillow, her mind relaxed and thought back to that last kiss. It had been so tender, so undemanding. What was he trying to say to her?

Kate was definitely confused. She wanted to ignore him. Each day, she thought of new ways to either avoid him, ignore him or convince him to let them just be friends. But he just wouldn't let any of her options happen. When she avoided him, he sought her out. When she ignored him, he asked business questions that forced her to speak to him, acknowledge him and interspersed with the business issues, he'd pop in a personal question. She found herself answering those as well, simply because she found that she enjoyed talking to him too much. And the two times she'd asked him to not pursue a physical relationship with her, he'd kissed her. That was the worst thing he could do since any sort of touch from that man had her body betraying her mind. She turned to putty in his hands, then into a demanding woman, needing more.

She let the hot spray of the shower ease the tension from her body and finish the job of waking her up. She worried about how she was going to get through the day, in close proximity to him on a plane. If it weren't for this silly attraction she felt for him, she was sure she could convince him that friendship was the best route. She had dozens of male friends. Some of them she'd even met as boyfriends but when things didn't work out, she'd convinced them to remain as friends. Why wouldn't Carlo accept that she wasn't dating material? Why couldn't he leave her alone?

Because she didn't want him to, she told herself honestly, stepping out of the shower and toweling herself dry. She wanted a physical relationship with him but was terrified of any unintended consequences.

What would he do if they had sex and she accidentally got pregnant? She knew there were ways to prevent that, but nothing was one hundred percent.

Did he want to have children? She doubted it. Why would a man who had everything, his freedom, tons of money and his pick of any woman around, want to be tied down to one, scared-of-intimacy woman who ran from everything she could?

Kate pulled on a red sweater dress, black tights and black patent-leather pumps. She added a floral scarf around her neck and piled her hair onto her head, letting small tendrils fall along her ears.

Did she need to pack a bag? Were they coming back to Washington, D.C. tonight or would they stay over in Texas? She didn't want to pack. She hated traveling. It was exhausting and she hated flying. But if the potential boss-man said she had to fly, she packed her bags and got ready for flying. She assumed she'd only be gone for one night, possibly two if he wanted to visit the Dallas store.

She sighed as she zipped her small carry-on bag closed. It was more of an overnight bag than a carry on. She didn't think she'd need anything else for one night, just a simple change of clothes. She worried about the flight. Although she didn't have a phobia about flying, she didn't really like the feeling of not being in control while at high altitudes. At least they could drive to the Dallas store from Houston. It was only an hour's drive away.

Kate got into her car and drove to the airport. She had no idea what airline they were flying on and no idea what time their flight was. She guessed that Carlo would be waiting at the terminal somewhere. At least she hoped so. She had just reached the parking lot for daily charges when her cell phone rang.

"Where the hell are you?" Carlo demanded before she could even say her name. "The plane is prepped and ready to fly, we're just waiting on you."

Kate was still too tired to be nice when he snapped at her like that so she snapped right back. "What do you mean? What time is it anyway?" she asked, wondering why it still wasn't light outside.

"It's five minutes after five o'clock. Why don't you know what time it is? Don't you have a clock?"

"Five o'clock in the morning?" she almost yelled.

"What time did you think it was? Any where are you?"

She gritted her teeth, striving for patience. "No. I couldn't focus," she explained slowly, trying not to yell at him but desperately wanting to give this rude man a piece of her mind. "I was too tired when you called. I just knew it was dark and my alarm hadn't gone off so it was not time to get up."

Carlo laughed at her explanation. "Kate, you continue to astound me. I've never known anyone who didn't look at their clock when they wake up in the morning."

"I'm sure you've witnessed several people, many women I should say, as they climb out of bed in the morning. But I'm guessing it isn't the first thing they look at."

Carlo chuckled. "What a dirty little mind you have, Kate Avril. I'm curious to know what you think their first view is in the morning."

Kate didn't respond but she knew that her face was flaming with color. She was glad she wasn't standing in front of him so he could witness her embarrassment. "Look, obviously, I'm not where I'm supposed to be. How about if you tell me where I should be and let's forget about this conversation? Shall we?"

She gritted her teeth while she waited for Carlo's laughter to die down. Meanwhile, she was shivering in the cold next to her car with her trunk open, about to pull her suitcase out of the trunk.

"You're probably in the economy parking lot, right?" At her agreement, he went on, "Go out of the parking lot and look for signs directing you to Terminal T. There's private parking there. Once you get there, you'll see me."

Kate groaned but slammed her trunk shut. "Fine. How long will it take? I'll call you when I get lost again."

"Are you not very good at following directions, Kate?" he said softly. There was more curiosity in his voice than teasing.

Her anger evaporated. It was too early for that much emotion anyway. "No. Not usually. I can get lost going to the grocery store, just for the record."

He laughed again. "Okay. Thanks for the forewarning. If you're not here in five minutes, I'll call you again and direct you over here. Sound easy enough?"

"Yes," she said and got back into her car. "See you in five, hopefully," she said and hung up her phone.

She drove out of the parking lot and followed his directions. Sure enough, four minutes later, she found Terminal T easily. She parked her car again and looked around. There wasn't much to see since everything was still dark outside. The area was very busy with people rushing around, stocking private jets and fueling them up.

She got out of her car and stood by her trunk again, not sure if she was in the right place. Then Kate turned around and saw him. He was walking towards her with his normal aggressive stride, looking incredibly handsome in another boring suit, this one black with a maroon tie with little paisleys on it. She wished she'd stayed in bed this morning and ignored the ringing phone. Kate had a very bad feeling about this day. No man had the right to look that dashing and attractive this early in the morning, she thought.

"Good morning," he said and kissed her quickly. He then took her keys and opened her trunk. "Where's the rest?" he asked as he pulled her small, overnight bag out of the trunk.

Kate was confused by the casual way he kissed her. "The rest of what? Where are we going and why aren't we getting onto a plane? I thought you said Houston this morning but I was still groggy so I might have misunderstood."

"We are. That's our plane," he said and gestured towards a relatively large, private jet.

Kate looked around his large frame and took in the beautiful jet with stairs already in place and the passenger door open. She shook her head at the idea of getting onto the plane. "Nope. I'm not getting on that. That's too small."

Carlo was already walking towards the plane. When he heard her statement, he stopped and turned around to watch her. He came back and stood in front of her, his eyes roaming her face. "Kate, are you afraid of flying?" he said gently.

She was uncomfortable with his quiet tone. "I'm not afraid. I'm concerned. I don't like it."

He smothered a smile at her response. "If I assure you that the pilot is very careful and extremely experienced, would that ease your fears?"

She shook her head. "I told you," she said, using her hands for emphasis, "I'm not afraid of flying. I just don't like it."

"How about if you meet Ted and see for yourself that he's very safe? He flew in Vietnam and knows just about everything there is about flying."

Kate sighed. "Why do we need to fly on that one? Why can't we fly on one of the commercial planes? They are big and safe and have two pilots plus that other person that does whatever he or she does on a plane."

"Are you talking about the navigator?" he asked.

"Yes, the navigator. Don't you need a navigator on this thing?"

"No. The pilot knows where he's going. And there's a co-pilot as well. His name is Jim and he's a very experience pilot as well. Kate, I promise that this plane is much safer than the larger commercial flights." He took her hand in his big one and pulled her along the tarmac towards the plane. "Besides, this one goes exactly where we want it to go. We don't have to worry about commercial flight schedules. Whenever we're ready to leave, so is Ted."

She could tell by his set expression and his gentle but firm grip on her hand that he was not going to relent about getting onto that plane. After a few, awkward and slow steps, Kate allowed herself to be led towards the plane, deciding it was better to be professional about this and not give David something else to criticize about her. "No. I'll be fine," she said. With that in mind, Kate started moving towards the plane at a slightly quicker pace, but without enthusiasm.

At the bottom of the stairs, she took a deep breath and ran up the steps. Once inside, she didn't even notice the luxury. She strapped herself into a large, leather chair that was more like a lazy boy than an airplane seat. She closed her eyes and pretended to fall asleep.

Carlo followed her in and strapped himself into a chair, but not before having a quick word with Ted who nodded and disappeared back into the cockpit.

He chose the seat right next to her and watched her face. The plane took off and Carlo took her hand in his. The only evidence of her fear was a slight squeezing of his fingers as the plane's tires left the asphalt as it became airborne. To be honest, Ted was such a good pilot, and the plane was so well constructed, there were very few indicators that the plane had taken off the ground except for the angle of the plane as it climbed higher into the sky.

Because it was a private plane, there were no connections or delays. The flight took a little over two hours. Kate remained in her seat with her eyes closed for the whole flight. She breathed a sigh of relief when they touched down on the Houston tarmac. She was also the first one off the plane and was grateful to be standing in the bright, Texas sunshine.

Carlo followed behind her more slowly, taking a moment to thank Ted for the uneventful flight and easy take off and landing. He descended the stairs and met her a few feet away from the plane where she'd been standing, waiting for him.

He followed her to where a rental car was waiting for them. He stood in front of her and noted the pale cheeks and almost white lips. "Are you okay?" he asked, wishing the color would come back to her cheeks. She usually had beautifully rose tinted cheeks because of her constant movement and high energy.

She looked up at his concerned expression and was grateful for his support and understanding. She knew he probably considered her fear of flying silly but he accepted it and had helped her through the experience. "Yes. Thank you," she replied, then looked away, overwhelmed by the look in his eyes. "Why are we here so early?" she asked. "The stores won't be open for several hours."

"Have you had breakfast?" he asked.

"No, I'm not hungry," she said hurriedly. The thought of food after her recent flight made her queasy.

"Well, I am. Come on," he said and took her hand to lead her around the rental car and handed her into the passenger seat. "Let's get breakfast, check into the hotel and then we'll head off to the Houston store."

A shiny SUV was available for their use. Carlo got into the driver's seat while one of the airport workers stowed their suitcases into the back.

The hotel he took them to was beautiful. The lobby had a four story glass atrium and, even though it was only seven o'clock in the morning, it was busy with business men and women moving about. Carlo checked them into their rooms and a bell hop brought their luggage up while they ate in the dining room. Kate drank coffee and picked at her muffin while Carlo ate a huge helping of eggs and fruit from the breakfast buffet. She wished her stomach would calm down so she could also eat. Her mind was also concerned about the sleeping arrangements for the night. She was pretty sure Carlo had gotten her a private room but there was a small amount of doubt. She was too embarrassed to ask him so she went on the assumption that he hadn't put them in the same room.

They were at the store at nine thirty when the employees started arriving. Kate introduced Carlo to the store manager who was an old friend. "Nancy, this is Carlo Attracelli from ATI. He's trying to get information on the Jamison department stores for a project."

Nancy smiled and shook Carlo's hand, then turned to give Kate a big hug. "That sounds interesting. Why don't you guys come on into the store, wander around then come on up to my office when you have questions?"

"Thanks Nancy," Kate said, grateful for her friend's lack of questioning the situation. She wasn't sure how much information Carlo wanted publicized about the possible sale. Since David had only sprung the future sale on the headquarters employees about a month ago, she wasn't sure if the store employees knew.

"No problem. By the way, how's that hottie you were dating the last time I was up in Washington? What was his name?" she asked as the three of them walked into the store rooms, the initial area for the employee entrance.

Kate didn't look at Carlo to see his reaction to Nancy's question. "That was Ed. We're still friends," was all she said.

Nancy's eyes snapped back to Kate's. "Oh no! Not the friend issue again. I thought you really liked him. Why didn't things work out between the two of you?"

Kate could feel the anger building in Carlo behind her as Nancy talked about a previous boyfriend. "I did. I still do."

"So you're still seeing him, romantically?" Nancy asked hopefully.

"I see him occasionally, but we're just friends," she said again.

Nancy's secretary rushed up to her at that moment and explained an ordering snafu that Nancy would have to deal with immediately. "Well, I guess I'd better get back to work," she said and turned to walk away. After a few feet, she turned back and called out to Carlo and Kate, "What are your plans for dinner tonight?"

"We don't have any specific plans," Kate explained quickly, not wanting Nancy to think something was going on between herself and Carlo.

"You do now," she said firmly. "Come on over to the house tonight and we'll throw something on the grill," she ordered and then she disappeared into the shelves filled with stock for the store.

"Let's get down to business," Carlo snapped.

Kate wondered why he was so irritated suddenly. He had to know she wasn't dating Ed anymore. Good grief, she'd been working so many hours lately she hadn't even had time to e-mail her friends.

They went through the store, Carlo exploring all the various aspects of the store's operation. He snapped questions at her regarding the purchasing trends and the store's security. She answered them as quickly as she could but as soon as she answered one question, he was onto another subject, barely giving her time to think. When he asked about security, she couldn't answer his questions and he turned around and glared at her. "Why don't you know?" he demanded, his eyes shooting fire at her.

Kate was tired of his snappiness. She was tired from waking up too early and starving, having not eaten breakfast. It was now well past lunchtime and her stomach was starting to violently protest her lack of food. She put her hands on her hips and turned to face him. "Because I'm in charge of purchasing, remember? When did that ever include security?" she snapped right back at him, not caring about the store employees that were witnessing their argument.

Carlo wasn't letting up. "You seemed to know all about it at the other stores we went through. Are they exclusive to your world? You just ignore everything outside the Washington, D.C. area?"

"I knew the answers to your questions because I'd worked in those stores," she shot back. "I'm not in charge of the entire chain so I'm not privy to every aspect of the operations in the site stores. If you want someone more knowledgeable, I'll be happy to go back to Washington and you can find a better person to answer your questions."

"If you don't know the answers, isn't it your job as the appointed liaison to find them for me? Or is your mind too focused on getting back to Ed that you can't focus on the current task."

Kate's eyes widened and she gasped in shock. "You think I'm thinking of Ed? Are you nuts? With you around," she poked him in the middle of his muscular chest, "how in the world can anyone think of anything else?" she snapped back, then turned on her heel and walked away. She went out into the mall and found a small sandwich shop, fuming over his tirade and unjustified anger towards her lack of security knowledge.

She ordered a sandwich and grumbled about the highhandedness of a particular male. "Who does he think he is?" she asked the empty chair across from her. "Ed indeed!" she mumbled.

Unfortunately, the object of her fury sat down across from her. He smiled to the waitress who instantly came running to him. That just irritated Kate further since it had taken the waitress several minutes to acknowledge her when she'd sat down. The waitress gushed over Carlo, offering suggestions for lunch, flirting outrageously at him.

Once he'd finished ordering, he sat back in his seat and smiled.

"What's so funny?" she snapped, her arms crossed over her chest as she glared at the object of her frustration.

"You have a temper." He said, laughing out loud as her eyes narrowed.

"So do you, apparently," she replied, throwing it back at him.

He raised his hands in the air and nodded. "I admit it. I was jealous."

Kate rolled her eyes at his admission. "Why on earth were you jealous?"

He leaned forward, placing his elbows on the table and stared right into her eyes. "Because the idea of some other man doing the things to you and with you that I want to do drives me nuts," he said intensely.

Kate's mouth fell open.

His head tilted slightly as he looked at her shocked expression. "This can't be a shock to you. I've been trying to get you to go to bed with me for weeks. Hearing that there might be a reason why you won't, or more to the point, someone who is keeping you from doing so, possibly doing it himself...well, that was a whole different issue."

"But I haven't seen Ed for a long time. And we weren't dating for a long time before that," she explained.

"Good to hear," he replied and leaned back as the waitress brought their lunch.

"That doesn't mean I'm going to fall into bed with you," she grumbled and took a bite of her sandwich.

He shrugged his shoulders. "You will, eventually. I'm a patient man. And very persuasive." He winked at her before he bit into his sandwich. After that, he was all business, discussing some of his observations from the morning with her and asking her opinion about some other issues.

Kate fell into the business discussion easily. It was the personal ones she was wary of. The day progressed easily after that. They spent the rest of the afternoon in Nancy's office going through receipts and accounting reports, asking questions and reviewing sales records. Nancy was very thorough and knew all the answers to Carlo's questions.

The evening was wonderful as well. Nancy's two teenage daughters were out for the evening so it was just Nancy and her husband entertaining Kate and Carlo. They ate out on their patio, the men standing over the grill with a beer in their hands while discussing football and grilling methods. Kate and Nancy sat down on patio chairs and talked about the fashions coming out for the spring, the ones that had already been ordered for the store and the ones that they didn't dare buy for their customers because of their outrageous designs.

Kate and Carlo got back to the hotel late, almost midnight. He didn't make any moves, understanding that she was exhausted. He simply took her key and unlocked her door for her, then turned and entered his own, right next door.

Kate didn't have the energy to stay up worrying about the fact that he was only a wall away. She fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

Carlo woke her at six o'clock the next morning. He was already downstairs having coffee as he called her on the hotel phone.

Kate muttered about slave drivers and cruelty towards inferiors as she hung up the phone. The shower woke her up slightly and she dressed quickly, pulling on a pair of simple black slacks and a purple, fuzzy sweater that hugged her figure. She didn't have the energy to do anything fancy with her hair so she left it hanging down her back in waves.

Entering the dining room, Kate instantly saw Carlo. Again, he was being waited on by a very attentive and very buxom blond woman. Kate slid into the chair on the opposite side of the table, ignoring the glare from the waitress.

Carlo thanked the waitress and she left but not before another jealous glare towards Kate. "So why so early again this morning? Aren't we doing the Dallas store today?"

"Yep, but we need to head out early since we can't fly there."

Kate was extremely grateful to him. She knew that it would only take a short flight to get to the Dallas store but he was willing to drive the four hours to get there because of her concerns with the small plane.

They drove out to the store after a large breakfast. On the drive, Kate talked about the differences between the two stores, or at least the ones she knew about. She traveled to all the stores each year but maintained sales figures and fashion trends from the headquarters in Washington, D.C. She knew more about the Houston store because of her friendship with Nancy. The two of them e-mailed back and forth with Nancy talking about the problems she was having as the manager. Kate also was more in touch with the Houston shoppers because of Nancy's input into the purchasing.

The Dallas store was more modern than the Houston one but the same size in relative square footage. The trends weren't dramatically different though but there were some variations. Houston was slightly more laid back than the Dallas shoppers who demanded more business suits whereas the Houston store stocked more casual clothes and less business attire.

Kate and Carlo went through the store and Kate started to understand the pattern Carlo implemented as he toured. It wasn't exactly the same since they arrived after the store opened so he had to work around the shoppers, but he needed to know basically the same information. This time, Kate worked with the department managers to get the data she suspected he'd need while he took an initial walk through the store. They met back up with each other and Carlo asked her questions. If she didn't know the answer, she'd confer with the manager and they would both find the answers for him. The Dallas manager, Brian Armstrong, was a very competent manager with a strong southern accent and a friendly manner. The employees were relatively happy but still wanted the benefits back that they'd lost.

They stayed the night in Dallas and Kate found out over dinner that night that they would be going to all the stores Jamison controlled. "You're kidding!" she said, dropping her fork onto her plate. "But I only brought one change of clothes." She bit her lower lip. "You didn't mention that we'd be gone for a long period of time."

"I don't think that's going to be a huge issue," he laughed. "We're going to be in stores. Why don't you just pick up what you need each day and charge it to ATI?"

Kate liked the sound of that. "Hmm...free clothes, anything I want? What more could a woman ask for?" she said, her eyes alight with anticipation.

Carlo chuckled at her expression. "Perhaps a man in your bed at night to warm you up?" he suggested.

"No, too complicated," she said but her hand shook as she brought another bite of chicken to her mouth. She had trouble swallowing, her mind too focused on the heat his suggestion generated inside her.

The next nine days were the most grueling she'd ever endured. By the following Saturday afternoon, she had figured out in her mind that Carlo wasn't a statue, wasn't really human. He was simply a machine. He could go without meals and sleep and seemed to thrive on work. The more pressure and the more meetings, the better he looked and the more he seemed to accomplish. Kate was astonished at his ability to absorb all the information people discussed with him without taking any notes.

They went through the San Antonio store then flew off to Denver, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and San Francisco then flew back across the country to the New York City, Hartford, Connecticut and finally the Miami, Florida store.

Initially, she would just grab a simple outfit from each of the stores, complete with underwear and accessories and shoes. But it wasn't as fun as she'd initially thought it would be. She didn't have time to find something that was fun and interesting. So she settled for professional and left it at that.

The days followed the same pattern. Carlo started working around six o'clock in the morning and didn't stop until approximately seven or eight that night, sometimes later if there were things that needed to be resolved, or questions that hadn't been answered and needed more research. Some nights, they were working until midnight.

The twelve to eighteen hour days were brutal for Kate. On the third day, when she was told by Carlo that they would be moving across the country to the other stores, Kate took several hours to shop for more clothes, but that was her only time off and, unfortunately for her peace of mind, her only time away from Carlo.

They ate all their meals together, talked about the various stores and their individual problems and how they could be fixed or improved. Sometimes they argued, but most of the time, Carlo listened carefully to Kate's opinion, adding his own thoughts to her ideas.

By the end of the tenth day, the private plane dropped them off at the airport in Washington, D.C. in the early evening. Kate pulled her new luggage out of the plane, not bothering to wait for someone to load it into her car. She was feeling extremely depressed but couldn't figure out why. She was exhausted, hungry and wanted nothing more than to curl up into her own bed for the night.

Why did she feel like crying then?

She looked back at the airplane and saw Carlo talking with the pilot and she knew her answer.

She wouldn't be with Carlo tonight or tomorrow since it was Saturday. She was addicted to him, she realized. She had been with him for so long she was now used to his hell for nothing work pace and complete concentration on whatever task he was working through in his mind. She felt more alive with him than she ever had in her life, more challenged professionally and even personally since they argued about politics and personal issues during some of the meals. He made her laugh at the drop of a hat with his quick wit and dry humor. He could also drive her to anger or frustration faster than any man she'd ever known. She hadn't known she was so opinionated until she'd spent time talking through issues with him for the past week and a half.

And now things would be back to normal, back to boring, she thought to herself sadly.

Sighing, she hefted her suitcase into her tiny trunk. It landed half in and half out. The half that was in landed on her finger and she yelped, putting her finger into her mouth and trying desperately to hold back the tears until she could get herself alone. She would not embarrass herself in front of Carlo.

Unfortunately for her pride, he heard her yelp and walked quickly over to her car. He lifted her heavy suitcase and got it easily into her trunk. Then turned back to her and took her hand in his. "Are you okay? Why didn't you wait for someone else to do that for you?"

"I'm a grown woman, I can do it on my own," she said, her voice wobbling.

When he heard the tears just below the surface, he turned her so she was facing him fully. "What's wrong, Kate," he asked softly.

"Nothing," she said and turned her face away as the last of her control died. A single tear fell over her lashes onto her cheek.

He wouldn't let her turn away. "Talk to me. What's wrong?"

"Please, I'm just tired," she said wishing she could get better control of her emotions.

He sighed but wouldn't release her hand. "I don't want you to go. Will you have dinner with me tonight?"

She desperately wanted to say yes. The idea of spending another evening with him created butterflies in her stomach and her heart instantly lifted. But Kate shook her head. If she was going to get over her need for his company, it had to start immediately.

"Why not?"

"Because I need to do laundry," she said, coming up with the only thing that popped into her mind.

Carlo laughed. "Okay, so you need a break from me. I understand. I've been pushing through the stores for the past few days pretty hard, huh?"

Kate nodded. She had a lump in her throat the size of a baseball. She wanted to change her mind and ease back into normal life. She wanted to spend the evening with him, not talking about work or anything related to retail. She just wanted to curl up with him on a sofa, drink a glass of wine and fall asleep on his shoulder.

But he probably didn't do things like that.

"I'll see you on Monday," she said and pulled her hand away.

"Okay. Call me if you need anything," he said and let her get into her car.

Kate drove away from the airport, watching him in her rear view mirror. She smothered the rest of her depression and drove home quickly. Once in her cozy little house, she threw in a load of laundry, opened a bottle of Merlot, then sat down on her favorite chair and tried to read a book. She read the same paragraph four times before finally giving up and tossing the book onto the coffee table.

She soaked in her large tub but the depression wouldn't go away. She finally gave up and climbed into bed, wondering what Carlo had done that night.

The weekend moved along in slow motion. Saturday, she resisted the urge to pick up the phone and call Carlo. Instead, she cleaned her whole house, getting rid of the dust that had formed on everything over the past six weeks. She hadn't been in her house for twelve days but even before that, she had been working long hours so she hadn't been able to do much cleaning. If this pace kept up, she'd have to hire a cleaning service. She immediately dismissed that idea, thinking that surely one person did not need a cleaning service. That was just too much pampering, even for her.

She was intensely relieved when Monday morning arrived. Her alarm went off at her normal hour of six o'clock, but by that time, she was already up and halfway dressed. She knew it was because Carlo had her on a new schedule. She snapped her alarm off as she passed, pulling on a pink cashmere sweater that went over a pair of pink, wool slacks. She slipped her feet into a pair of pink, high heeled shoes and added several strands of pearls around her neck and tiny pearls at her ears.

Arriving at her office, she almost skipped into the conference room. Kate was disappointed when she saw Jeff and Peter already at work, but the seat Carlo usually occupied was empty.

"Good morning," she said, trying to maintain her cheerfulness. "How were things while I was gone?" she asked.

Jeff smiled and leaned back in his chair. "Everyone has been very helpful. Sarah took over in your absence and has been able to provide us with anything we've asked for."

Kate was pleased. Her assistant deserved to move up. Kate had been pushing David to let her progress professionally but so far, he had refused, assuming that a secretary should remain a secretary, despite her college degree.

Kate spent the rest of the day either answering questions for Jeff or Peter, going through the e-mails she'd received while she was touring the other stores with Carlo or staring out the window, wondering where he was and what he was doing. Why hadn't he called her, she thought about four o'clock that afternoon. She accepted that she was hurt by his lack of communication. She knew he didn't report to her but they'd spent so much time together, even before they'd left for Houston and he'd always told her where he was going and when he'd be back.

Sarah walked into the conference room during one of her staring periods and handed a large, bulky envelope to Kate. "How is the rest of the country doing?" she asked, leaning against the conference room table. Kate immediately noticed a glow to the young woman's appearance. Apparently, romance was good for her.

"It was interesting to see all the other stores. Usually I go through them in a different pattern. Seeing the stores with Carlo was an eye opening experience," she said. Kate looked down at the envelope. "What's this for?" she asked.

"I had a message this morning from Carlo's secretary at ATI. She asked that we pull those documents together and deliver them today. The address is on the paper," Sara explained and pointed to the piece of paper taped to the envelope.

Kate picked up her purse, tamping down the excitement that instantly flared up at the idea of seeing Carlo again. "Well, then, I guess I better head out. If you two are okay with Sarah continuing in my stead, I'll see you in about an hour," Kate said.

Both Jeff and Peter nodded their heads and Sara smiled, obviously eager to help.

Kate went back down to the parking lot and got back into her car. She looked at the piece of paper and read the directions. "I've never heard of this place," she said and re-read the directions, not sure if she understood them completely.

She shrugged and turned on the engine and backed out of the parking lot. The instructions were very easy to follow, giving her specific distances to track before turning one way or another.

She followed the directions as precisely as possible. When she got to the final line, Kate looked down at the address written on the paper, then back up again to the parking lot. The numbers were the same but this couldn't possibly be the place she was supposed to drop off the documents. This was a pier.

She looked around, wondering if she'd made a wrong turn but the directions were very simple and direct.

Pulling out her cell phone, she called Sarah. "Are you sure you gave me the correct address?" she asked her secretary.

Sarah confirmed the address from the e-mail. Kate was in the right place.

"Okay, thanks. I'll look around for the number twelve," she said and hung up.

Kate found a parking space and got out of her car. Scanning the docks, she realized that each of the docks were numbered. All the way to twelve. The boat at the end of dock, number twelve, would never be considered a boat. It was a ship, she thought to herself.

Sighing, she walked down the pier and stood beside dock number twelve. As soon as she approached, a seaman descended the stairwell and greeted her. "Ms. Avril?" he asked politely.

Kate hid her shock. "Yes. Is this where Mr. Attracelli is?"

"He's currently in the forward library," the crewman said.

"Oh," was her only response to that. "Well, could you deliver these papers to Mr. Attracelli? He's expecting them," she asked, handing the documents to the man and hiding her depression that she wouldn't be able to see Carlo.

The seaman didn't even glance at the papers but bowed slightly as he said, "I was asked to escort you to Mr. Attracelli."

"Oh, I don't think I need to deliver these in person," she explained, looking up at the imposing yacht and all it's darkened windows. It looked very intimidating to her. "But I understand he needs them immediately," she said, still trying to hand them to the man.

"Right this way," he said and stood back so she could precede him onto the ship.

Kate gave up. She realized that the man had his instructions. Besides, she'd like to see the interior of the ship. She'd never been on a genuine yacht before. So she walked up the stairway and followed his directions to the 'forward library' as he'd put it.

Kate opened a door and was delighted by the soft green and cream interior. This was a genuine library with books of all sizes inside glass enclosed shelves. The dark wood was glossy and polished. She saw Carlo and a few other men at the other end of the room which was incredibly large for a ship. She walked forward, not wanting to intrude on their good time. The three men were laughing and enjoying beers, one of them was smoking a cigar that smelled nice.

As soon as Carlo saw her he stood up and met her in the middle of the room. "Thanks for bringing these. Want to have a drink?" he offered, taking the heavy documents and putting them on a table beside a luxurious looking sofa.

"No, thank you. I don't want to interrupt. I'll just drop off your papers and I'll head back to the office," she said and started backing away.

Carlos stopped her by taking her hand in his. He then wrapped his arm around her waist in an intimately casual way that threw her mind into confusion. "Don't you want a tour?" he asked and led her through another door, raising a hand to the other two men who just waved back and went back to their discussion.

Kate liked his arm around her too much. She tried to slip out of his embrace but he wouldn't let her. "Carlo, really. I need to head back. Matthew is having another fit and Sara is has taken on all the responsibility of helping out Jeff and Peter which isn't fair to her," she explained, hoping he would understand how much she needed to get back. But the excuses sounded lame even to her ears.

"They can handle themselves for a while. Come on, I'll show you around the ship. It's a really nice boat. I like your hair down, by the way. I like feeling it against my arm like this," he said, the arm around her waist moved slightly for emphasis. "It's very soft. Why don't you wear it down like this more often?"

"It doesn't look professional," she said absently, immediately curious about the rooms they were passing. Her neck craned to see what was through each of the doors, her curiosity overcoming her nervousness.

He led her through to a dining room that could seat twelve people easily. There was also a lounge or family room, whatever it was called on a ship this size, a breakfast area that could be opened up to the breeze on the deck. Carlo led her from one amazing room to another, and Kate was stunned by the size and opulence of the ship.

"Please tell me this isn't your ship, is it?" she said when they walked through the galley and she saw five different cooks working diligently on what looked to be very elaborate dinner preparations.

Carlo laughed. "No. A friend of mine owns it," he said. "I went to college with him."

"Oh, well that's better," she said sarcastically. "What does your friend do?"

Carlo led her out of the galley before answering, "He runs a country," he said casually.

Kate laughed, thinking he was joking but the expression on his face told her he wasn't. "You're serious? You're friends with someone who runs a country?"

"Sure. Even princes need to go college. How else would they know how to run a country?" he said and pushed her gently ahead of him since the hallway they were entering was too small for two people to walk side by side. He kept his hands on her shoulders though and guided her through the maze of hallways.

"Good grief! He's royalty?" she sputtered, completely in awe of the ship now that she knew it was owned by a real-life prince.

"Here's your room," Carlo said and opened another door to a lovely room decorated lavishly in varying shades of white. It was larger than her bedroom in her house, she thought as her feet sank into the thick, white carpeting.

Kate stood in the doorway, not sure she'd heard him correctly. "My room?"

"Unless you'd like to stay in mine," he smiled wolfishly. "I'm right next door," he said, close to her ear. His word instantly sent shivers throughout her body.

Kate immediately noticed the small vibrating under her feet. "Is that the engine?" she demanded. At his nod, she raced to the window and pulled back the curtains. "No!" she said as she noticed that the shoreline was already a small dot on the horizon. "What have you done?" she asked, turning back to face him, her eyes wide with apprehension.

Carlo leaned against the doorjamb and crossed his arms over his chest. "I believe the romantic term is shanghai but kidnapping will also work, if you're looking for a more technical way to describe it."

Kate shook her head, her mind instantly comprehending all the ramifications of her predicament. "But why?" she asked, her eyes wide as she looked at his casual stance.

He pushed away from the doorjamb and walked closer to her, standing over her as he looked down into her worried eyes. "Because we've kissed twice and both times, you've run away from me afterwards. The feelings those kisses incited within you aren't rational so I needed to come up with a way to get you in a place where you couldn't run away from me again, or what I can make you feel. If a kiss can make you feel like that, just imagine what making love will be like."

He let his words sink in for a moment before continuing. "I ran into my friend last night and he invited me for a cruise. I thought it would be a sure way to get you to face me the morning after we make love."

"No!" she said and backed away from him. She wasn't sure where she would go, but knew she had to stop his words and the images they conjured in her mind.

"Yes," he contradicted, following her step for step. "And we will, you know. You've been running away, keeping your distance," he said, his hand coming up to trace a finger down the sleeve of her sweater. "But we both know what happens anytime we start touching."

Kate could feel her body giving in already, wanting to experience his touch. But she pulled back, her arm shaking. "Carlo, we can't. This won't work between us," she begged. "We have to maintain our distance."

"Why? Why won't it work?"

"I'm just not the right person to....to do this kind of thing," she said lamely, her hands waving between their two bodies as if that explained everything. .

"I'm not sure I understand but I'm willing to listen if you'll explain," he said and took a step back to give her some space. "What is the 'right' person in your mind and what kind of 'thing' are you referring to?"

"You know, this sex...we can't do it. It isn't....right. I'm not right," she said but her words didn't make sense even to herself. She wished she could explain her feelings but she was too embarrassed to talk to him about what her mother had gone through and how she'd almost repeated the same mistake. It was too humiliating to know that her father hadn't wanted her, that she wasn't good enough to make a man stay in her life.

Carlo smiled and her stomach flip flopped. "There's more to this and eventually you'll trust me to talk to me. I'm very understanding. And just for the record, when we kiss, it feels very right to me," he said, his voice husky. "And I know you felt the same way because you melted in my arms. You felt everything I did and don't try and deny it," he said, stopping her retreat by pinning his arms on each side of her head.

"Carlo, please!" she pleaded.

His mouth was only inches from hers. "Please what?" he asked softly. "Please take you to that incredibly comfortable bed over there and make love to you until we can't talk anymore? Please ease the sexual tension we've both been feeling for the past two months and explore your body with my hands and my mouth?"

Kate was lost. His words were exactly what her body wanted. He was right, she'd been feeling exactly those things and more. But her one sexual encounter kept her silent. She couldn't endure that kind of humiliation and pain again. She didn't think it would be the same with Carlo but she wasn't willing to risk it either.

He pulled back suddenly. "I promised myself I wouldn't make the first move this time. You've got to come to me. I'm a patient man," he said and stepped back. The haze of sensuality snapped clear instantly and she had to reorient herself.

She watched as he strolled over to the doorway. "Your clothes are already in the closet."

"My clothes?" she asked blankly.

He smiled at her confusion. He knew he'd affected her and it gave him hope. "Sure, I had a personal shopper pull together some outfits. It was easy. I just told her your size and what I liked. She did the rest. Even packed it all up in a suitcase for me. Thanks for the tip," he said and winked as he stepped out of the room. "Dinner is at eight, cocktails are in the main lounge in twenty minutes. Dress up in something fancy," he said and pulled the door closed.

Kate stared at the door he'd just left and tried to figure out what had just happened. She was on a boat for an undetermined amount of time going to an unknown destination with a group of people she'd probably only heard of via the evening news with a wardrobe that she hadn't picked out with a man she wanted more than anything in the world but was the ultimate playboy and probably wanted things other than what she wanted and therefore she should avoid like the plague.

Where had she lost control?

Taking a deep breath, she looked around her stateroom. It was lovely, she had to admit. The bed was draped in white, with a sheer white canopy surrounding two sides. The pillows were stacked up against the headboard and looked inviting but she avoided them, knowing she'd just sink into their plushness and hide for hours.

The carpeting was thick and white and there were two large white chairs with a dark wood coffee table in front of them. She saw several doors and opened the closest one. It was a bathroom done in white and black marble, larger than her bathroom at home and definitely more elaborate. Another door revealed a fully stocked bar and refrigerator filled with snacks, fruit, juice, bottled water, wine and beer. The last door was filled with clothes that made her gasp in delight. There were several cocktail dresses, some sun dresses, shorts, shirts, slacks, sweaters and shoes to match every outfit. A dresser was also filled with lacy underwear, bras, thigh high stockings and three bathing suits, all two piece and all looking extremely skimpy.

Besides the bathing suits, she loved the whole wardrobe. Whoever had chosen the dresses definitely had her tastes in mind.

She looked at the clock and realized that she only had ten minutes before Carlo was expecting her up on deck for drinks. She suspected that if she wasn't up there, he'd come back down and get her. She glanced through the cocktail dresses and chose a blue strapless dress that looked both elegant and daring. The bodice was fitted with a scalloped edge but the skirt flared out ala 1950's with layers and layers of fabric holding it up.

Kate tried it on and fell in love with the wonderful piece. She spun around and watched her figure in the full length mirror, loving the way her legs floated out from underneath the filmy fabric. She felt like a movie star in the dress.

Pulling her long hair off her neck, she twisted it simply in a French twist, leaving soft tendrils to float down the sides. The shoes were sparkly and high, adding a few inches to her height.

It took her thirty minutes to get ready and she was worried about Carlo coming to get her. So she rushed out of the room and tried to find the main lounge. She got lost twice and was redirected by a crew member each time.

There were already five people in the lounge, including Carlo, by the time she finally found the right room. The men were dressed in tuxedos and two other women were dressed in cocktail dresses. Carlo immediately stood up and met her in the doorway where she stood, nervous about entering such an intimate setting. It looked like everyone already knew everyone and she was the only stranger.

But Carlo eased her fears by introducing her to everyone, including their host, Prince Jamil Ali Hassan of Hurtrain, a relatively small country in the Middle East that was strategic for it's oil reserves and it's place in the Mediterranean Sea, if Kate's geography knowledge was correct.

Prince Jamil was with a beautiful blond woman who introduced herself as Melissa Atkins, a stock broker from New York. The other couple was another college friend of Carlo's, Lord Phillip Pender, Earl of Daton and his lady friend, Ashley Morgan, a model from New York City. As soon as the woman's name was mentioned, Kate remembered seeing her on the runways and the latest cover of a fashion magazine.

Both Prince Jamil and Lord Pender were handsome men, both tall and appeared very fit. Kate could tell that they were used to living this kind of lifestyle and it amazed her that some people could take this kind of splendor for granted.

Within a half hour, Kate felt as if she'd known the other four people all her life. The women laughed at Kate's shyness but ordered Prince Jamil, who didn't like being referred to as Prince, to make her a drink, which he did immediately.

The women motioned for Kate to join them on the sofas and the three of them talked fashion, a topic all three of them loved. They asked Kate's opinion of the latest lines coming out and were genuinely interested in what she had to say. The men stayed near the bar and joked about the various nuances of ladies fashions, sending a pointed comments towards the women every once in a while.

Dinner was served exactly at eight o'clock and was an elaborate affair of five courses, each served by waiters that stood at attention beside the door, ready to jump at the slightest request by anyone. The vichyssoise was wonderful but the lobster and asparagus with a sweet and sour salad made her mouth water. Everything was cooked perfectly and was laid out so artistically, Kate was loathe to take a bite until the scent wafted to her nose. The meal was topped off by a light dessert of roasted fruit with a cream sauce but Kate was too full from the other courses to fully appreciate the delicate tastes. Each course was served with the perfect wine and Kate was feeling wonderfully warm and cozy by the end of the meal.

The conversation was lively and everyone had a comment on the latest American politics as well as the British Prime Minister's comments afterwards. The people at the table were well informed and not afraid to challenge each other's views. Even Melissa contradicted something Phillip said and the others agreed with her, ignoring Phillip's feigned wounded look when they disagreed him on his response.

Kate hadn't laughed so hard in years. She liked these people and was sorry when the couples drifted apart, leaving only Kate and Carlo sitting at the table alone.

"Want to go for a walk?" he asked when she finally looked him in the eye.

Kate nodded, thinking that the fresh air would clear her brain, fogged from the wine and cocktails.

"Let's go," he said and stood up to hold her chair for her.

Kate followed Carlo out to the deck, enjoying the cool, autumn breeze on her face. She smiled as she relaxed against the railing, wondering why she wasn't angrier with the way Carlo had kidnapped her.

"What are you thinking about?" he asked from behind her, one hand coming to rest on the railing on either side of her. His voice was close to her ear and she leaned back against his chest.

She sighed as she looked up at the moon. "I'm thinking I should be angry with you."

"And are you?" he asked quietly.

Kate nodded. "Yes, I suppose. You're a very bad man, you know."

Carlo chuckled. "No you're not. You had a good time tonight. I've never seen you so relaxed."

"Eh, it was the wine," she said and shrugged it away.

"Not the company?"

"Oh, sure," she said, waiving her hand, "Melissa and Ashley are very nice."

Carlo growled and spun her around. "I meant me, woman!" he laughed. "You're not going to give an inch, are you?"

Kate laughed at his grumbling. "Okay, you're pretty charming. But you can't take anything I say to heart tonight. I've had too much wine. You'll never know if I'm telling you the truth or not."

He raised one eyebrow at her response. "Just the opposite, I'm guessing. I think I should ask you a whole bunch of questions. You're probably more honest now than you normally are."

"Not true. For instance, I'd never tell you how attractive you are," she laughed and leaned forward to poke him in the chest.

"You already have. The first time we met, in fact."

"That doesn't count."

"Why not?"

"Because I was told five minutes before I met you that my company was about to be sold off to an awful, personality-less conglomerate. We had visions of hatchet men coming into the office and handing out pink slips without regard for anything or anyone. So I was already off kilter. Then I walk out to greet my new project and you turn out to be this incredibly handsome hunk and that just blew me away, with muscles in all the right places and sexy eyes."

Carlo had his hands on her waist and he doubted she even knew about it. She was pretty toasted but he didn't care. If she was letting him touch her, he'd take it any way he could. He wished he had the kind of personality that would allow him to take advantage of her drunkenness. But he wanted her totally cognizant of that kind of decision.

"So why should I ignore that comment?" he said smiling at her hazy gaze in the moonlight.

"Because you don't know if I'm telling you the truth or if I'm lying to you because I'm currently your captive and am hoping for leniency."

"I never grant leniency. Ask Jeff or Peter, they'll confirm it." He pulled her closer, liking her teasing manner.

"I don't doubt it," she said and stopped talking, suddenly aware of the fact that they were all alone and Carlo was so close her breasts almost touched his chest. "Will you kiss me?" she asked.

"No," he replied.

"Why not?"

"Because you're drunk."

"I'm not drunk, just very warm."

"Whatever. Kissing you could be dangerous."

"Don't you like to live dangerously?" she whispered, leaning closer, her eyes looking at his lips.

"Not with you. Why don't we get you to bed," he suggested and took her hand in his to lead her down the stairs to her room.

"I suppose that would be the safest plan of action. Coward," she challenged.

Carlo stopped and laughed. "You're in an odd mood tonight," he said but continued on after only a moment.

He didn't say anything to that. Before she knew what was happening, they were standing in front of her door and Carlo was pushing her through it.

He left her with a swift kiss and closed the door behind him after he left.

Kate sighed as she stared at the closed door. She shrugged her shoulders in regret. Then turned to the room and took off the lovely dress, hanging it carefully in the closet. She washed her face and searched the drawers for a nightgown. Unfortunately, she didn't find one. By that time, the wine was making her so sleepy, she just gave up and climbed between the satin sheets naked.

Chapter 4

Carlo knocked on Kate's door one more time. It was almost ten thirty in the morning. He'd already knocked twice and he was starting to become concerned. He remembered how he'd left her the night before and wondered if she'd been drunker than he'd thought.

When she didn't answer again, he opened the door and stepped into the room. He saw her then, sleeping between the sheets as if she had no cares in the world. Her face was beautiful with long, black eye lashes laying against her gorgeous skin. Her hair was fanned out behind her and almost fell off the side of the bed.

She looked like an angel; a beautiful, seductive angel sent from heaven to torment him.

Carlo walked over to the bed and watched her sleep for a moment. He considered letting her sleep but since everyone else was getting ready to leave the ship and go on shore in Aruba, he thought she'd probably want to see a little of the island.

"Kate, can you wake up?" he asked softly, shaking her naked shoulder.

She stirred slightly and Carlo tried again. "Kate, wake up. It's a beautiful day," he said and pulled her hair out of her eyes.

Getting that close to her was a mistake. By pulling her hair back, he realized that she was completely naked and the sheets were satin. He groaned as his body reacted to his view.

Then she rolled over onto her back. The sheet slipped from her hands that had previously been holding she sheet against her chest. The satin slipped down to reveal the luxurious swell of her breasts. With just a slight move, he knew a nipple would pop out and he groaned. He wanted to look away but his eyes were transfixed by the beauty of her and his body reacted instantly, becoming painful as he looked down on the perfection of her skin.

But what was new? he asked himself. He'd been in an almost constant state of arousal for the past two months. Why should today be any different from the last sixty?

A moment later, her eyes opened slightly. With a languid movement, her arm came up and wrapped around his neck, bringing his face closer to hers. Then she kissed him, slowly, sensuously, her fingers tangling in his hair, her body lifting to come closer to his. The sheet slipped down and Carlo could no longer fight the temptation. His hand reached up and pulled her closer, taking over the kiss and adding his passion to the fire slowly building between them.

Carlo knew she was still only half asleep. He knew he should stop her and wake her up fully, then ask if she really meant everything this kiss was promising. But he was only human. He indulged himself in the kiss, his hand coming to caress her bare shoulder, moving downward to stroke her waist, then slowly moving up to caress her breast. When his palm covered her naked breast, he swallowed her gasp in his mouth and pushed her back against the pillows.

His mouth followed where his hand led and Kate allowed it, pulling his mouth closer to her breast, crying out with her pleasure as his tongue flicked over her already hard nipple. Kate writhed in the pleasure, wondering how she was going to survive without going up in flames in his arms.

"Kate, are you coming?" a female voice called from down the hallway.

Kate froze at the new voice and looked around her. She was staring right into Carlo's eyes and reality sunk into what she'd thought was a dream.

"Oh, excuse me. I didn't know you weren't alone, Kate," Melissa said and smiled as she backed out of the room.

Carlo sighed deeply and put his head on the pillow behind Kate's head. "I'm doomed to live in a constant state of need, aren't I?" he said.

"I'm sorry, this was my fault," Kate said, her voice squeaking out of her throat as embarrassment choked her.

He rolled back over her, stopping her from moving with his weight. "No, it wasn't. I knew you were asleep but I couldn't stop myself. I want you too much," he said, staring at her eyes now. "There's going to be a time when we won't be interrupted, you know."

"Please let me up," she said, unable to move since his large body was half covering her. She was embarrassed and just wanted to curl up into a ball of humiliation.

"Kate, I'm not going to let you run away from me this time. But you have a slight reprieve before you and I have a long conversation. We came into port this morning. Why don't you get dressed and meet me on deck? I'll show you around the island."

He got up and headed for the door.

Her curiosity overcame her embarrassment and she asked, "What island? Where are we?" she asked, pulling the sheet up to her chin.

He didn't look back when he answered her. "Aruba. Get dressed. You have ten minutes before I come back down and find you," he said and pulled the door closed.

Kate stared at the closed door for a full thirty seconds before her body sprung into action. She jumped out of the bed and headed for the bathroom. She'd never showered so quickly in her life. Once she was dry, she pulled on a pair of white shorts and a sunny yellow, short sleeved shirt and a pair of white and yellow sandals. Again, she was amazed that they all fit her so well.

After braiding her hair and putting on a light coat of powder and mascara, Kate rushed up to the main deck. Carlo was sitting on a deck chair sipping coffee but he was obviously in a place that would allow him to see her the moment she came up on deck.

"Was I fast enough?" she asked, slightly out of breath.

"Amazingly," he answered and stood up to walk towards her. "I've never known a woman who can be dressed so quickly and look as lovely," he said quietly, looking down at her fresh, clean beauty.

Kate was flustered by his words and didn't know how to respond. She liked the way he looked at her but didn't want to like it. "You flatter me," she finally said.

"Just being honest," he challenged. "Would you like some coffee?""

"Please. Where is everyone else?"

"They heard from Melissa that we were otherwise occupied and went on without us." He laughed at her reddened cheeks. "We're going to meet up with them later in the day."

"Oh," she said, overwhelmed by the idea that they were all alone on a luxurious ship. "Where's the coffee?" she asked, not sure what else to say.

Carlo raised a hand and sat back down, taking a sip of his own coffee. Within moments, a waiter appeared with a silver pot of coffee. He poured her a cup and placed it on a teak table next to her. "Where did everyone go?"

"They went ashore. Melissa and Ashley convinced Jamil and Phillip to take them shopping. I'm not sure how though."

"What would you recommend?"

"Do you scuba dive?"

"Nope, sorry."

"How about snorkeling?"

"I haven't tried it," she said.

"Want to give it a try?"

"Sure. I have to get my suit on though. You didn't give me enough time to figure out all the possibilities."

"No problem. I need to change as well. Jamil has equipment around here somewhere. I'll gather them up. Why don't you grab some breakfast and I'll be back,' he said and downed the rest of his coffee.

He got up to leave a moment later, but not before bending down and kissing her hard. "You're lovely when you're embarrassed," he said, chuckling as her blush increased.

Twenty minutes later, a speedboat delivered them to the shore. Carlo had already arranged for a smaller boat that he drove to a small cove. The coastline was rugged and filled with trees and flowers draping over the small beaches to the water. It was truly paradise from this angle.

They put on their gear and dove into the small lagoon Carlo had found for them. Kate was instantly in love with the small, curious fish that darted in and out of the reef. Carlo took her around the area, showing her small sea turtles, sergeant majors, invisible fish and lots of others that she couldn't name.

They swam for over an hour, skimming through the waters, watching both the fish and the coral as they danced among the dappling sunshine. Coming out, Kate was in love with the underwater world.

"Wow! I've never imagine anything like that before," she said as they boarded the boat again.

He followed her up into the boat, helping her take off her flippers. "It's pretty amazing. You should see it with scuba gear. You can go lower and see more types of fish. Larger ones too."

"I'm not sure if I want to see larger ones. Doesn't larger mean more teeth?"

Carlo laughed. "No necessarily."

"Where are we going for lunch?'

"There's a small restaurant on this side of the island. It shouldn't be too difficult to get to from here." He started the engine and pulled up the anchor. "Why don't you go below and change."

Kate changed quickly into dry clothes, braiding her hair and just letting it hang down her back. Carlo was already changed into navy blue shorts and a white polo shirt by the time she came back up and she sat in the back of the boat and enjoyed the sea air as he maneuvered the boat along the shoreline and back into the harbor.

They met up with the two other couples in a small restaurant with rough, wooden tables that looked like they had been around for centuries and never sanded down. The waitress that greeted them, Lady Beth, hugged the three men, as if they were all old friends.

She turned to the women sitting at the table, her eyes admonishing each of them. "What you ladies doing with these bad boys?" she asked.

The three men laughed and shook their heads. "Be nice, Lady Beth. Don't tell them all the naughty things we've done or we'll publish your recipes," Jamil warned.

Lady Beth shook her finger at them, "I know you boys wouldn't do that. You know I'd come up to those cold places you call home and wallop each and every one of you." Turning back to the group, she smiled, "You all gonna have the fried fish sandwiches today? It's the best."

The men laughed. "You're the boss, Lady Beth," Phillip said and sat down in one of the seats, putting his arm around Melissa.

"Good boys," Lady Beth said, wiping her hands on her flowered apron and moving quickly away. "Six fishies," she called to the cook and started pouring lemonade into mismatched glasses.

They sipped the lemonade and laughed about the day's excursions. No one believed that Carlo and Kate spent the morning snorkeling but Carlo just laughed off their suspicions. The fish sandwiches were wonderful. There was some sort of seasoning that created a lemony taste with a kick. The fried part was not greasy but was crunchy. Ashley asked how the sandwiches were made but Lady Beth just laughed and shook her head as she walked away, mumbling about the pointlessness of giving family secrets away to skinny women.

They moved on down the street to a noisy bar that was playing jazz music that spilled out onto the street. All six of them joined in the dancing, playing darts, pool and various games. The afternoon slid into the evening and they settled for a variety of appetizers for dinner and drinks.

Kate stuck with less potent drinks this time, eventually switching to club soda by the early evening. She'd had too much to drink the night before and didn't want to get into the same predicament she'd been in with Carlo this morning. She had fuzzy memories of the night before, and she thought she might have done something inappropriate last night too. But Carlo just laughed knowingly at her when she asked him about it and pulled her back onto the dance floor, swinging her around, making her laugh gaily with all the moves he expertly put her through.

The night was wonderful as they all made their way back to the ship. Carlo walked her to her room and leaned her against the wall of the hallway. "Are you going to invite me in?" he asked.

"No," she laughed but enjoyed Carlo flirting with her even though it was dangerous.

"Why not?" he asked, feigning a wounded look.

"Because it wouldn't lead anywhere you'd like it to go so what's the point?" she challenged and tried to slip under his arm.

He wasn't going to let her get away with that though. He spun her around so her back was against the wall. "Are you telling me that if I kissed you right now, you wouldn't melt in my arms?"

"Carlo, please don't."

"What's the answer? You're saying that it wouldn't go anywhere. That's your mind speaking but your body is telling you something completely different. Why don't we listen to your body for a while?"

Kate wriggled against him, trying to escape. She knew exactly what would happen if he kissed her. And she wasn't sure if there would be another interruption to stop him.

"Carlo, you don't have to prove anything! I admit it. I want you. Obviously I can't deny that. But do you really want me to regret something in the morning?"

He looked at her eyes, his own intense as he shook his head. "I'm not sure if you'd regret it. We seem to go up in flames each time we touch so it wouldn't be a bad experience for either of us, would it?"

"Bad experiences tend to happen later, much later. We don't know each other well enough to get into this kind of relationship."

"What are you telling me?" he asked, determined to get at the root of why she was so afraid to commit to a physical relationship with him.

"Why can't we be friends?' she demanded.

He stared at her face, his eyes glancing over her crystal blue eyes and knew there was something she wasn't telling him. "Why can't we be friends?" he repeated. "Because you tremble in my arms when I touch you. And because I feel the same way about you. Each time you touch me, even inadvertently, something happens inside me and all I can think about is getting you alone, in a bed and naked."

She couldn't respond to him. Her mind was filled with the same image and her body reacted to the notion of making love to him.

He nodded when he noticed her eyes clouding up. "I can see you feel the same way. But you're not going to give in to those feelings are you?"

Kate shook herself. "Let's just say that I gave into them once and it almost destroyed me. I'm not willing to go through that again."

Carlo took a step back and nodded. "I'd figured something had happened in your past that had scared you away. Will you tell me about it?"

"No."

Carlo took a deep breath. "Well, I'm a patient man. And I can be persuasive. So I'll bide my time and will respect your space. But I'm human. It would be wise to remember that," he said and kissed her softly on her lips. After that, he turned and walked down the hallway, disappearing into the next room.

Kate took a shuddering breath and opened the door to her own room. She pulled off her clothes, showered and brushed her teeth, feeling some steadiness with the routine. She slipped into the bed naked again, enjoying the sensuousness of the sheets as she did so.

She didn't sleep that night though. She stared at the ceiling, felt the ship sway gently on the ocean and imagined what it might be like to make love with Carlo.

Would it be so horrible? Would she be able to endure it if it wasn't? And what if she got pregnant? Would he demand that she abort the baby? She couldn't and wouldn't do that, but it would break her heart if he didn't love their child the same way she knew she would.

The idea of having a baby with Carlo made her stomach clench. She examined that idea and sighed. She realized that she was in love with the man. Which only made him more dangerous. She hadn't been in love with her one and only previous lover. That experience had turned her off sex and intimacy for almost six years. What would happen if Carlo had the same reaction?

Kate fell asleep in the early hours of the morning. She didn't hear the helicopter at all but the next morning, she woke up to Carlo knocking at her door and felt the hum of the ship's engines.

"Come in," she said sleepily and pulled the sheet higher over her chest.

Carlo opened the door only slightly. "Are you naked again?" he asked.

Kate laughed but answered him quickly. "Yes."

He didn't come into the room. "Meet me up on deck for breakfast?" he asked.

"Sure," she said and almost laughed again when the door closed quickly.

Kate pulled on another bathing suit, this one a red bikini. She wasn't sure what the agenda for the day would be but it probably would include water. The ocean looked fabulous this morning and the sun was shining high in the sky.

Kate went up the stairs and found the dining room with little problem. Unfortunately, no one else was there. She searched the decks and eventually found Carlo sitting at a deck table sipping a cup of coffee.

Kate sat down next to Carlo on the seat, waiting until he'd finished reading his newspaper article. But as soon as she came around the corner, he put down the newspaper and gave her his full attention.

"What did you want to do today?" he asked, pouring her a cup of coffee from the coffee pot next to the table. He added cream and sugar, just like she preferred it.

She took a grateful sip of the strong brew. "What is everyone else doing?"

Carlo smiled, "You're a very sound sleeper, aren't you?"

"I guess so. Why?"

"Because a helicopter came and picked them up this morning. We're now cruising around the Atlantic on our own."

Kate took too large of a sip and burned her tongue on her coffee, sputtering as it went down the wrong way. "We're what?" she choked.

Carlo's smile widened. "That woke you up, didn't it?" he said and patted her between her shoulder blades.

"What do you mean?"

Carlo leaned forward so his arms were resting on his knees. He had a wolfish grin on his face as he looked at her. "I mean, we're all alone. No one from the office knows we're here except for a few people, and they're instructed to contact me only in an emergency. There's no one who is going to phone us, walk in on us or knock on the door at an inopportune moment."

Kate's mouth literally dropped open.

"Makes me wonder what's going to happen now. How about you?" he asked.

She put her coffee cup carefully back onto the saucer, terrified about where her mind wandered with this piece of information.

"Why are your hands shaking?" he asked and leaned back in his chair.

"I don't know what you mean," she said primly.

"I think you do," he laughed. "But I'll relent for now. Tell me where you want to go. Any island you've always dreamed of visiting?"

"Any island?"

"Sure. You name it, this ship will get you there in style."

"Let me get this straight. You're friend had to head back to his country on some sort of emergency and is allowing you go island hopping at his expense?"

"He owes me several favors."

"Why?"

"Let's just say I've helped him out in some situations and leave it at that. Besides, he's stayed at our house in Grand Cayman before so he's just returning the favor."

Kate watched him, her eyes slanted. "What's it like to have royalty in your debt?"

Carlo shook his head. "It isn't really like that between me and Jamil. We're just friends. He isn't a royalty kind of guy."

"Doesn't he need to run a country or something?"

"Sure, but he has his fun as well. We went to college together. We know each other's secrets," he leered.

She laughed at his unapologetic grin. "You men are terrible. I can only imagine what the three of you were like in college."

"Can you? You'll have to fill me in on what you're thinking. I'm sure your imagination is much better than the reality."

"No thanks. I'll keep my imaginings to myself," she laughed.

He watched her for a moment. "Pity."

Kate laughed harder. "You're incorrigible."

"Absolutely." His wolfish grin was back.

"What do you suggest we do?"

Without blinking an eye he responded, "Go back down to your cabin and make love for the rest of the day?"

Kate rolled her eyes. "Do you ever think about anything other than sex?"

"When you're around? No."

"How about just relaxing in the sun?"

Carlo sighed and feigned disappointment. "Fine. There's a pool in the back that you can lounge around near."

"What are you going to do?"

"Watch you lounge around. I'm guessing you're wearing a sexy little red bikini. Am I right?"

Kate nodded.

"Then I'm wholeheartedly in agreement with your plan for the day."

Kate wasn't sure she wanted to follow through on that plan now. He looked too interested in just lounging around and staring at her in a skimpy bathing suit. "Don't you have some work to do or something?"

"Nope," he replied and chuckled at her expression. "Relax. I won't attack you. Not until after breakfast," he said and stood up to walk over to the buffet that was loaded with breakfast foods.

That was the first time Kate realized that breakfast was already waiting for them. "Good grief. Did everyone already eat?"

"No, they left before breakfast."

"Who is all this food for? It is enough to feed an army."

"Just the two of us. I'm guessing Jamil thought we'd need sustenance after a rousing bout of lovemaking so he made sure we were well fed for our afternoon session."

Kate shook her head. "You really have a one track mind, don't you?"

"Yep," he said and piled a plate high with eggs, sausage, biscuits, jam and a mount of fruit.

"Who is that for?" she asked as he set one plate in front of her.

"For you of course. You'll need to build up your energy."

Kate laughed again. "We're going to be just friends, remember?"

"Sure, until you realize that being just friends is a completely unrealistic idea and you attack me sexually."

Her only response was to dive into her food. Carlo did the same. He told her some of his escapades with Jamil and Phillip while they were in college together and had Kate laughing so hard her sides hurt. Apparently they had gotten into several bar fights over various women and pool games. There were poker stories, fraternity parties and jokes on their fellow classmates, the list seemed endless. "When did you have time to study?"

"Classes were easy," he said, waving aside her concern.

"Didn't you say you went to Harvard for both your undergraduate and graduate degrees?"

"Sure. Why?"

She shrugged one shoulder as she said in amazement, "You're just the first person I've ever met who can describe Harvard as 'easy'. Most people think it was a pretty tough challenge."

"Well, there were some classes that were difficult, but nothing that my dad didn't already dish out to us," he explained. "We had a fun family life but my parents believed in making sure we were prepared for the pressures of college life before we went and wasted their money partying."

They spent the better part of the day just relaxing by the pool and talking. Kate told him about her friends and college experiences. Carlo countered each of her stories with one of his own. By the time lunch was served, they were laughing so hard they could barely eat the lobster soup and spinach salad.

The afternoon was more relaxed. Kate laid in the sunshine while Carlo read over some documents. She didn't realize that he wasn't really reading them but was staring at her behind his sunglasses. She would have covered up her red bikini if she knew what was going through his mind. As it was, she noticed that he dove into the pool several times, but she just assumed he was cooling off from the sun, not from his thoughts.

Kate fell asleep in the afternoon. The hot sun was lulling her to sleep and she finally gave in to the feeling. She had fitful dreams of a tall man in a blue bathing suit with strong, muscular arms and legs, and a stomach that a male model would love to have. And he was walking towards her, gently waking her up and leaning over her.

Kate woke suddenly and found that Carlo really was leaning over her, blocking out the sun. In her still sleepy state, she reached up and pulled Carlo down, kissing him with all the passion she'd been feeling through out the lazy day as they'd talked.

"Kate, I'm only human," he said and tried to pull away. But her arms tightened around him and he gave in to the lure of his bikini clad mermaid. The deck chair was large enough for three people so he laid down beside her, pulling her onto his chest and taking over the kiss. He pulled her head down to his and deepened the kiss, his tongue delving into her mouth, demanding entry, then stirring her own tongue to life, demanding that hers duel with his in a foreplay of the mating ritual both of them were desperate for.

Kate reveled in the kiss and more than allowed him to take over. She became putty in his arms, a willing partner in the mating ritual. She only battled with her will for a moment, then released her control, pushing aside her concerns for the future and the pain of the past.

This was Carlo. Any man as sensitive as he was couldn't be as bad as her last experience. With that thought, she arched her back and gave in, telling him with her body that she was willing to follow through with the intimacy that they were currently sharing.

Carlo wasn't sure what the message she was trying to send but he loved the feel of her soft skin against his. He liked the way she purred when he ran his hand down her side, or when he spanned her flat stomach with his palm. He loved the way she gasped when he moved his mouth from hers to her ear and down her neck to nibble on her collar bone. She was so sensitive, so responsive, he was going out of his mind to take her, to possess her.

Kate ran her fingers down his back and felt powerful when his muscles moved along with her hand. His body was moving towards her hand, desperate for her touch. She wanted him to speed up but he was going tortuously slow.

Carlo untied the string that held her top against her neck, pulling the red triangle down that had been protecting her perfect breast from his full view, teasing him with a glimpse but not a full view. He groaned when her nipple hardened before he even touched it. His hand moved across the sensitive bud and her back arched, pressing the perfect mound closer to his touch.

"Kate?" Carlo asked, his voice harsh.

Kate opened her eyes and looked into his own. "Please make love to me," she whispered, the fear evident in her voice but her body demanding that he continue what he was doing to her.

Without another word, Carlo stood up and scooped her into his arms. Kate grabbed the towel at the last minute and covered herself up but was thrilled as Carlo walked purposefully towards her stateroom.

Once there, he opened the door with one hand, not letting her out of his arms and kicked it shut behind them.

"Are you sure?" he asked, letting her legs go so they moved sensuously along the length of him. "No regrets?" he asked.

"I'm sure," she said, releasing her arms from his neck since her feet were now on the floor and she couldn't reach his neck anymore, but her hands remained on his chest, her fingers feeling the muscles that her eyes had watched all day, reveling in the power she had to make his body react to her lightest touch.

"I won't be able to stop," he warned and bent down to take her lips again in a driving kiss that didn't allow her to answer.

Kate didn't mind. She stood on her toes, eager to feel her body against his, not sure what to do next, afraid of the feelings going away.

Carlo lifted her up and placed her in the middle of the bed. He tossed off his swimming suit and followed her down, but not before Kate saw his manhood, then felt it against her leg. She was only slightly terrified by the sight but as soon as his body covered hers and his mouth covered her nipple, she was on fire again. No other thoughts had time to enter as he kissed her skin, her breast, moving to the other side and discarding her bikini top completely. The bottoms followed and Carlo's hands were everywhere, touching, sending tingles throughout her body.

Kate felt the pressure against her core and wanted to stop, but then his velvety hardness filled her, slowly making her whole. Her eyes widened as the pleasure increased. There was no pain, no humiliation. She looked into his eyes and gasped as he started moving. The sensations his body produced were foreign to her and scared her but she held onto his shoulders, running her hands down the muscles of his arms and she put herself into his care. Within minutes, waves of pleasure hit her so intense she cried out, closed her eyes and her head pushed against the mattress.

Carlo watched her find fulfillment, sweat breaking out on his shoulders and forehead as he continued to pleasure her, amazed again at how responsive she was to his touch, to his every movement. As soon as he sensed her climax building, his own took over and he pushed into her silky body, finding his own release.

A long time later, Kate felt Carlo's lips on her shoulder and she moved her head, staring into his smiling eyes.

She didn't want anything to change this feeling. It was so completely different from her previous experience and she wanted to savor the feelings, the tingling in her body.

"How do you feel?" he asked.

Kate could only smile. She didn't have words to describe what she was feeling right now.

Carlo chuckled and pulled her closer. "You're an amazing woman," he said.

Kate rested her head on his arm, not allowing herself to think about anything.

"Are you hungry?" he asked.

Kate laughed.

"What's so funny?" he asked, turning so he could see her face.

"Food is the last thing on my mind," she said. "But if you're hungry..." she said, not finishing her sentence. Instead, she moved around, her tongue touching his nipple cautiously.

"Ah, the lady is hungry," he growled and pulled her so the top of her was draped across his chest. "I can solve that easily enough," he said and proceeded to do just that a second time.

They ate dinner in bed, ordering sandwiches to be delivered to her stateroom. Kate quickly showered after he made the phone call to the cooks, too embarrassed at the idea of her insatiable appetite to see one of the crew members delivering food to them instead of going up to the dining room.

Carlo answered the door and took the tray. He put it on the bed then joined her in the shower, making love to her yet again under the hot spray. Kate was breathless by the time he picked her up and, while he held her, lowered her down onto him, making love to her while standing in the shower. Kate marveled at his strength, her arms wrapping around his shoulders as he moved her in ways that made her back arch. Her climax this time was so intense, she was shivering by the time it finally ended and tears were hovering on the edge of her eyes.

They ate dinner on the bed, drinking wine and munching on chips and sandwiches. Afterwards, they fell into an exhausted sleep, holding each other in their arms.

Towards dawn, Carlo moved against her, the satin of the sheets on one side of him, the satin of her skin on the other. "I want you again," he said, unable to resist the temptation of her, scantily draped in the sensuous satin sheets.

"You're kidding," she said, unable to even open her eyes, exhausted from the last two times he'd woken her during the night.

His hand against her hip, moving up her waist to cup her breast told her that he wasn't kidding. And amazingly, her drowsiness completely disappeared. "Carlo?"

"I'm serious. I want you. I need you now," he said and rolled her on top of his chest. She could feel his need and it sparked her own. She moved her legs so she was now straddling him, her eyes filled with equal passion to his. "I'm not sure how..." she said and that was all the encouragement he needed.

He gently moved her hips so she was in the right position, then moved, filling her with his manhood. Kate threw back her head, overwhelmed again by the sensation of being filled with him. She felt so complete, so perfect. And then he moved and she was no longer perfect. She was wild. She'd never felt this way and the passion wound around her stomach until she was sure she was going to explode into a thousand pieces. Her orgasm this time was more intense and more powerful, longer and continued until he found his own release a few minutes later.

Once they were both spent, she fell onto his chest, still connected to him intimately, her breathing hard and labored. "Wow!" she said, winding her fingers through the hair on his chest, unsure of what else to say or do. She wanted to touch him, feel him and make sure he was feeling the same thing she was. But she couldn't look him in the eye. The fear that he wasn't feeling the same things she was would belittle this feeling and she wanted it to go on forever.

They spent the next two days cruising around the Atlantic. He got the captain to stop in Jamaica and they spend another lazy day snorkeling and dining on jerk chicken and other Jamaican dishes. The nights were spent in bed, making love until they were both too exhausted to talk anymore.

It was Friday night when the call came, breaking the idyllic, tropical pace they'd set for themselves. Carlo took the call in the library while Kate read a mystery novel she'd found in Jamil's library. Some of his conversation filtered through and Kate dropped the book onto her lap and watched as Carlo's face turned impassive again. She knew that something was wrong.

He hung up a few minutes later and turned to face her. "I'm sorry. I'd wanted to cruise around for another few days but some information about another project has surfaced that I need to investigate," he explained.

"I understand," she said and smiled sadly.

Carlo picked up the phone and told the captain to head for Washington, D.C. "That doesn't mean we can't have fun for one more night," he said and picked her up, carrying her back to her stateroom.

They made love, watched a movie and ate a delicious dinner before falling asleep, tangled in each other's arms. Saturday morning, they woke up early, the yacht docked in the Alexandria harbor.

Kate packed up her lovely new clothes, amazed at how much her wardrobe had grown in the past two months. Carlo left her on her doorstep, telling her that he had to fly up to New York but hoped to be back by Sunday afternoon. She agreed to meet him for dinner the next night and he kissed her gently.

Chapter 5

Sunday morning, Kate slapped the phone off her night side table in an effort to get it to stop ringing. But the noise kept up. She reached down and pulled the receiver to her bed and mumbled a good morning, falling back to sleep almost instantly.

"Kate?" Carlo called out through the phone line.

"What?" she mumbled, still not willing to leave the warmth of her sleepy state.

"Kate, wake up," his deep voice said in her ear through the phone.

"Why?" she asked grumpily.

"Because I'm on my way to pick you up," Carlo said.

"Why?" she asked again, but he now had her full attention.

"You're coming to lunch with me," he said.

"Oh," was her only response, wide awake now. Her stomach was instantly back to doing flip flops in excitement, eager to see Carlo again. "I thought you'd be in New York until tonight?"

"I finished early. You'd better get dressed. I'll be at your house in about a half hour."

"You can't come get me," she said, sitting up in bed and looking around at her messy room. She knew the rest of the house was just as bad. She'd spent all day Saturday making cookies in an attempt at feeling better after Carlo left. She had thought she'd have time to clean up before he called later this afternoon.

"I'm on my way," he said again. "I'll be there in twenty nine minutes."

Kate immediately put the phone back in it's cradle and jumped out of bed, not bothering to say goodbye. She'd only had four, possibly five, hours of sleep last night. She'd stared at the ceiling, wishing Carlo was next to her again like he'd been for the previous four nights and feeling silly for becoming so addicted to him in such a short period of time.

She took a quick shower and dried her hair, wanting to look nice for him this time. She brushed it until it shone, wasting precious time on her hair. She applied only a small amount of makeup, then pulled on a pair of jeans and an orange sweater with a large shawl collar. The sweater was made out of chenille so she felt warm and cozy.

Kate had no idea where he was taking her but she didn't care and worried a few moments about that. She was still exhausted from lack of sleep but somehow, she felt revived now that Carlo was on his way to pick her up.

Exactly thirty minutes from the time she hung up, she looked at the clock this time, Carlo arrived. As soon as his car pulled up in her driveway, she walked out of her house, not wanting him to see the mess she'd created the previous day.

She tried to greet him casually, but she suspected that her excitement came through because he reached down and kissed her hard when he walked up to her, standing next to his car, the autumn sunshine spilling through the colorful trees and dappling his dark hair with light brown sparks.

"You look beautiful," he said with his deep voice.

She liked the way his jeans fit his body, showing off his muscular legs. "You're not too frumpy yourself, sir," she replied saucily. The gray, cashmere sweater hugged his muscles, showing her again how strong he really was. The white tee-shirt underneath the sweater was only a tease for her to wonder what his skin was like.

"Where are we going?" she asked when they were on the road.

"My family gathers for church and lunch each Sunday. Whoever is in town just shows up at by oldest brother's house."

"Hmmm...sounds interesting. You've told me too many stories about your brothers though."

"Don't worry, if you don't bring a Barbie doll within their reach, you'll be fine."

Kate didn't wonder about the significance of lunch with all his siblings. She was sure he'd brought other women to the lunch so it was probably not an odd occurrence to bring a guest to the family gathering.

What she wasn't prepared for was the chaos inside the monstrously huge house. Upon first entry, there was no noise. Then suddenly, a beautiful little girl with curly black hair screamed into the foyer, throwing herself into "Uncle Carlo's" arms.

Kate took a step back as two smaller, but equally enthusiastic boys arrived, both looking like identical twins. Following slowly behind, but with just as much joy was another little boy who was thrilled to be included with the big kids.

"Where have you been?" one of the twins demanded once the hugs were completed. "Dad's grilling burgers again and you know how Uncle Sal gets when someone takes over the grill!"

"Excuse me," Carlo said, and he turned in his kneeling position to look at Kate who was standing behind him, watching the whole scene with astonishment. "Where are your manners? There's a lady behind you. Perhaps all of you could introduce yourselves?"

"I'm Emma," the first little girl said and she walked right up to Kate and shook her hand. "Are you Uncle Carlo's girlfriend?"

Kate was dumbfounded. "I'm Kate," she said, as if that would answer all the questions.

"Oh, okay. You're her," she said and was immediately pushed out of the way by one of the twins.

"I'm Dennis and this is my brother Josh. Our sisters are around here somewhere, but they're too little to walk yet," he said importantly, his chest puffing up with pride.

"Pleased to meet both of you," Kate said and took the offered hands, shaking them with a serious expression on her face, mimicking their own.

She then bent down to the smallest boy. "And what's your name?" she asked, the shy boy standing behind Carlo's leg.

"I'm Adam," he said then hid his face on Carlo's arm. It was a little difficult to understand him and Kate guessed he was around two, maybe slightly older.

"Adam, it is very nice to meet you," Kate said, charmed by his smile. "Do you have any brothers or sisters?"

He nodded. "Danielle, but she's just a baby," he explained shyly.

"Ah! So you take good care of her, don't you?"

The boy nodded, feeling important now that he could show how big he was.

"Come on, let's go see who's grilling now," Josh said and pulled his little cousin behind him.

Kate was thrilled with the small kids, wishing desperately that she had a future that included them.

"They're wonderful," Kate said, standing up again.

Carlo nodded in agreement. "They're pretty neat," he said smiling, "but they can be a handful when they're all together. Don't let them intimidate you," he joked. "But don't find yourself alone with a group of them. They can sense your fear," he said and Kate laughed at his semi-serious expression.

Kate was seeing a new side to Carlo. He introduced her to his sisters-in-law, all of whom were in the family room, each with a small baby in their arms. Josh rushed back into the house and grabbed Carlo's arm. "Come on, Uncle Carlo. Uncle Michael has the spatula. Come quick!"

Carlo laughed but he allowed the small boy to drag him out into the crisp autumn afternoon to the patio where five other men were standing and discussing something serious, all staring at the grill.

"Come on in," a beautiful blond woman said, smiling as she waved Kate into the room. She was holding a smallish baby girl in her arms and there was another one at her feet that looked similar. "Would you hold Olivia for a moment? I think Sophia needs her diaper changed."

Kate immediately sat down and took the small little baby into her arms, eager to hold the beautiful child. Kate and Olivia stared in wonder at each other. Olivia was the first to break the silence by making gurgling noises and grabbing at Kate's nose. Kate laughed and enjoyed the feeling of the tiny hand gently touching her face. "You like that, huh?" Kate said, liking the way the baby moved her hand to her cheek and teeth.

"She's a beautiful baby, Victoria. How old is she?"

Victoria smiled her thanks for the compliment. "She's eleven months old tomorrow," she explained. "And this is her twin sister Olivia."

"Wow! Twins. What a handful," Kate said. "Who has the other set of twins?"

Victoria smiled again. "Those are mine as well. For some reason, I was blessed with two sets of twins."

Kate laughed at Victoria's harried expression. "Oh my. That must be a handful. What are the odds of that happening?"

"Well, let's just say that I had better odds of winning the lottery," she laughed.

Antonia, the youngest sister who was a feminine version of her brothers with the dark, curly hair and long, black eyelashes, sat down and took little Sophia away from her sister in law. "You lucked out, I'm thinking. These two are too much fun," she said.

Victoria laughed. "Yes. I'm just glad that I have Thomas to help me," she said.

"And Libby," Laci, Sal's wife chimed in as she carried her fourteen month old daughter in her arms.

"Who is Libby?" Kate asked.

"Libby is my nanny. She comes over and helps out during the day," Victoria responded. "And yes, she's a godsend."

"This little one," Laci said, referring to the bundle of energy dressed in a pretty pink, frilly dress and trying to escape from her mother's arms so she could play with the babies, "is Danielle. She's our second. I think you met Adam at the door. He's my son."

"He was very much a gentleman," Kate assured the woman with soft brown hair and twinkling blue eyes.

Michael, Carlo's older brother by eighteen months, came into the room with yet another little boy under his arms who was giggling uncontrollably. "Antonia, this little guy thinks he's big enough to light the grill. So I had to give him some tickle torture to show him who is boss."

Antonia rolled her eyes as her son was pitched upside down onto the sofa and tickled some more. "I can see he's trying to fit into his daddy's shoes already," she said and reached over her free arm to help Michael tickle her son. Danielle, who had been trying to reach for Sophia, instantly stopped and moved towards her brother, eager to join in the fun.

"How many children are there in the family?" Kate asked, watching with amusement as another man came into the room, carrying five year old Emma and four year old Josh under each arm. "I have more that are becoming a nuisance and need tickle torture," the man said.

"That's Brett, Antonia's husband," Laci explained. "He's harmless although he looks pretty mean," she said and winked at her handsome brother in law.

Brett growled at her, trying to scare her as he teasingly reached down as if he were going to bite her neck. At the last moment, he stopped and kissed the soft head of the wriggling Danielle, who reached up and clasped her arms around his neck. Brett just picked her up and carried her over to where Kate was sitting.

"Good to meet you, Kate. I've known Carlo for five years now and I can only give you one piece of advice. Run," he teased. "Run as fast as possible away from this family. I can guarantee that Carlo is evil and can't be trusted," he said but spoiled his warning by winking at Emma who just covered her mouth and giggled her delight.

"No he's not," Emma admonished. The little girl then wriggled out of her uncle's arms and started running through the house, 'Uncle Carlo! Uncle Carlo! Uncle Brett is saying mean things about you to your girlfriend," she yelled.

A few minutes later, Carlo came into the family room and shoved Brett out of the way. He then walked over to Kate and took her hand, pulling her to her feet and dragging her away from the chaotic scene. The rest of the family watched for a few moments but as soon as the two of them were almost out of the room, the laughter erupted. Kate's face flamed into color and Carlo stopped, turned back to face his family and just shook his head.

"Don't listen to any of them Kate. They're all just a bunch of misfits."

With that, he led her out to the maze and guided her away from his family where they couldn't do anymore harm.

While they were gone, Gus and his wife Alana arrived with their new son, Damon who was only three months old and fast asleep after being fed.

Lunch was wonderful and Kate enjoyed watching Carlo laugh and play with his nieces and nephews. He even sat down with the smallest baby, Damon, who was curiously looking at faces or any colored toy put in his limited line of sight while his mother, Carlo's sister in law, Alana, ate her lunch. Kate thought it was very considerate to let a new mother have a few minutes of free time.

It gave her hope that perhaps Carlo wasn't like most of the men she knew who cringed at the idea of children ruining their perfect, yuppy existence. Could he possibly want children? Did he have father instincts just like women had mothering instincts?

On the way home that afternoon, Kate brought up the subject. "You really seem to like those kids."

"They're great kids. My brothers and sister do a great job with all of them."

"They love you as their uncle."

"Hey, it's easy to be an uncle. I can come over, spoil them and leave when the diapers get dirty," he joked.

Kate was crushed. His comment seemed to indicate that he didn't want the grimy side of parenthood. "I guess it's the best of both worlds," she said sadly.

"Exactly. I baby-sit when I can but doing that full time, I can't even imagine it."

Kate stared out of the car. Her hopes dashed but she had no one to blame but herself. So he didn't want to have his own kids. Who could blame him? It was a tough job. Raising kids took time, money and freedom. She didn't think he'd even notice the loss of money since he had so much, but he probably would mind the loss of freedom and time. The man was used to traveling around the world at a moment's whim. He could come and go as he pleased.

Kate remembered her mother crying at night when she'd thought Kate was asleep. Kate would crawl into bed with her mother, soothing her and they'd fall asleep together. Kate didn't want to be that scared. She didn't want to raise a child on her own. No matter how much money a person had, raising a child with only one parent was difficult. Kate didn't think she had the guts to do it.

"Kate, what's wrong?" he asked a few minutes later.

"Nothing," she said and tried to smile.

"Something's wrong. You got quiet all of a sudden. Why won't you tell me about it?" They were already pulling into her driveway.

"I guess I'm just tired. I didn't sleep well last night."

"Do you have the time to come with me for a detour?" he asked.

Kate looked at him but his face didn't give anything away. "Sure. What did you have in mind?"

"You'll see," he said and picked up his phone. "Do you have time to show it one last time?" he asked after dialing a phone number. "Great. I'll meet you there in fifteen minutes," he said and hung up the cell phone. He quickly turned his car around.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"You'll see," he said.

No matter how many questions she asked, he wouldn't divulge their new destination. After a few minutes, he turned down a wooded street. They only went about two miles before he turned onto a driveway.

Kate gasped when the trees opened up to a beautiful, Georgian house with dozens of windows and wonderfully landscaped yard. The front steps led up to a carved, wooden door with stain glass windows at the top. As soon as they stepped onto the top step, the front door opened and a man was standing there, smiling. "Come on in, take your time," he said.

"Kate," Carlo said, turning to the stranger, "this is Mark Godwin. He's my real estate agent."

"Pleased to meet you," Kate said.

"Likewise," Mark said and shook Kate's hand. "Go ahead and show her around. I'll wait outside. No hurry," he said and closed the door behind him.

"What do you think?" Carlo asked.

Kate looked around. "I'm guessing you're thinking of buying this house?" she asked, looking around and loving the way the front entry way was lined with golden wood that warmed the area surrounded by a black, marble floor. There was no furniture, but Kate could picture a large round table in the center of the circular area with a vase overflowing with flowers. "It's lovely," she whispered, loving the way the house wrapped around her, feeling warm and cozy without being small.

"I thought you'd approve," he said, watching the delight in her face. "Go ahead, check out the rest of the house."

"This is so completely different from your current place. Why the change?"

"Because someone ridiculed my apartment so I actually looked at it. I realized it was a little stark."

Kate laughed. "You mean you'd never really looked at your apartment?"

"Well, I'd lived there, but I never took the time to actually see the place."

They were walking through the kitchen and Kate ran her hand along the black granite countertops. The cabinets were white and the walls were Kelly green, making the room feel happy and alive. The cooking area was perfectly set up with the refrigerator close enough to counters, sink and pantry. Whoever was cooking wouldn't be running from one area to another. There was a double stove and a walk in pantry with shelves that rolled out so arms could easily reach the very last item.

"This is a cook's dream kitchen," she said, noting the windows that allowed sunshine to stream into the eating area. The kitchen was connected to a large family room with a gas fireplace. That room flowed directly out to the patio and a large pool area with trees draping over one side.

There was a large library, living room and dining room on the main floor with huge amounts of floor space. Upstairs, there were six bedrooms, all larger than her whole house. The master bedroom had it's own private balcony, hot tub and dual showers. Kate loved everything about this house except the idea that Carlo would eventually share it with his future wife.

She wasn't sure why he was getting a home with so many bedrooms, but she supposed that there weren't many homes this large with only one or two bedrooms. And she'd already met some of his friends so there would be plenty of room for those friends to visit.

"It's lovely," she said, thinking that it looked like an old English manor home. "Are you going to buy it?" she asked as they walked down the brick sidewalk to Carlo's car.

He looked back over to the house and nodded. "If you really like it, yes."

Kate nodded. "I love it. You'll be very happy." She tried to keep the emotions from her eyes and her face, knowing how perceptive Carlo could be.

They drove back to her house in silence.

Once they were in her driveway, he shut off the engine and turned to face her. "I didn't sleep well last night either," he said, noting the small smudges under her eyes. "I'm coming in this time, Kate," he said and challenged her to deny him. "Last night I thought you might need your space so I didn't come back from New York until this morning. But I need you tonight."

Kate looked at his handsome face in the dim light coming from her porch light. "Okay," she said. She knew where he stood now. There was no more hope. But she could have him for as long as he wanted her, couldn't she?

They got out of his car and went inside. They didn't even turn on the lights. As soon as the door closed, Kate turned around and fell into his arms. He picked her up and carried her through the only available door which he correctly assumed was her bedroom. He laid her in the center and slowly took her clothes off. Once she was completely naked, he leaned over and took her mouth with his. "You're mine, Kate. Don't forget that," he said.

Kate didn't answer, but she pulled his sweater over his head, her hands touching his chest, roaming everywhere, needing to feel him, to remember him and experience the magic only his touch could give her.

They made love until after the dinner hour. By that time, neither one had the energy to get up and make anything. "Besides, you can't go into the kitchen right now," she said, rolling over to prop her chin on his chest.

He stared back at her, one eyebrow raised in question. "Are you going to explain why?" he asked when she didn't comment further.

"It's a mess," she said, in a matter of fact tone. "I went to the store and bought cookie ingredients. It is now all over the kitchen."

"Why were you upset?" he asked.

Kate blinked. "Upset?"

"You told me you baked or tried a new recipe whenever you're upset," he ran his fingers through her silky hair, straightening out some of the tangles he'd just put into the strands.

"Oh, yeah."

"So?" he asked, pulling her hair slightly.

"Well, I guess I got a little depressed last night."

"What about?" He was completely still, waiting for her answer.

Kate wasn't about to tell him that she'd missed him so much she could barely think about anything else. "My mom called," she lied.

"Don't you and your mother get along?"

"Sure we do. She's great. I started thinking about the holidays coming up and got a little depressed. I'm starving. What are you going to do about it?" she asked, changing the subject to something she didn't have to lie about.

"But we can't go into the kitchen?" he clarified.

"Correct," she answered, smiling brightly at his handsome face.

"Okay," he laughed and reached for the phone. "There's only one solution," and he dialed information to get the local pizza delivery store. An hour later, they were sitting on her sofa devouring a pizza with extra cheese, sausage, pepperoni, green peppers and black olives. Kate was laughing as he told her stories about his sisters-in-law and the way each of them met his brothers. They all seemed like very romantic stories and Kate liked the way the family stood together, as if the rest of the world were outsiders.

They made love again and fell asleep early. Kate awoke early the next morning to find Carlo already showered and dressed again. He leaned over her and gave her a hard kiss. "I'll see you a little later at the office," and he was gone.

Kate sighed. It was Monday. She glanced outside and didn't see anything. It was still dark outside. How could that man survive on so little sleep? she wondered.

Kate rolled over, pulling the covers over her nakedness. There had been no reason to put on a nightgown last night since Carlo would just take off her clothes again to make love to her throughout the night.

Kate slept until her normal waking hour of six o'clock. The alarm went off and she rolled quickly out of bed, both eager and wary of seeing him this morning. She dressed in an antique pink skirt with embroidery on the bottom edge and a pink, V neck sweater. She felt extremely feminine this morning as she drove into the city.

The office was busy as usual when she arrived. She dropped off her purse and coat in her own office then headed directly for the conference room, eager to see Carlo this morning so he could wink at her, give her his secret look that told her he was thinking about the night before, just as she was. But the conference room was empty. With a frown, she made her way back to her own office. At the last minute, she turned directions and went towards David's.

Kate didn't know why she went that direction. Something just told her she needed to check in with him. It was an odd feeling since she usually avoided his office as well as several of his other vice presidents, feeling as if there was something wrong about her being in that area of Jamison's headquarters. She didn't have anything specific to report, nor had he asked for a status on any of the issues brewing.

The door to David's office was cracked and his secretary was away from her desk. Kate was about to knock, but the voices inside stopped her hand. "Don't let this out of the bag," David was saying angrily. "There's a lot at stake. If ATI gets wind of this, everything will fall apart." She recognized David's voice and wondered what he was talking about.

"Do you think the rest of the staff know anything about it?" an unfamiliar voice asked.

"No. They keep their noses out of my business and I stay out of theirs. We all like it that way," he laughed humorlessly.

"What about that woman you've put as their point of contact," the new voice questioned.

"Kate? She's oblivious. Too much loyalty to my old man and too little big picture thinking," David said.

Kate didn't understand why they were talking about her. Whatever they were discussing sounded unsavory. But then she banished that thought. Her thoughts were becoming nefarious for Jamison's. David was a mediocre manager at best but she didn't think he would do anything illegal.

Embarrassed by the fact that she had been eavesdropping, Kate quickly knocked on the door and pushed it open slightly. Smiling, she found David, "Hi, I'm sorry to interrupt but I was wondering if you knew where the ATI team was?"

"I have no idea," David said and Kate thought she noticed a slight sneer cross his patrician features. "But come on in, I'd like to talk to you."

The other man, who Kate had never seen before, stood up. "I have to get back to my office. We'll talk more once the deadline gets closer," he said and slipped out of David's office leaving Kate alone with her boss. For some reason, the bad feeling she had earlier seemed to intensify. She tried to ignore the sensation and focused on whatever David needed to talk to her about.

"Sure thing. Thanks for the update," David said and waved goodbye to the man.

Once he had left, David focused all his attention on Kate. "Please, sit down," he said and waved his hand towards one of the chairs in front of his desk. "Tell me what has been going on lately. You and Carlo were gone for a long time and I didn't hear anything from either of you. What kinds of reports is he asking for?

"Oh, the usual things," she said.

An unexpected glint of anger sparked in David's eyes, but quickly vanished behind his charming mask. "What do you consider the 'usual things'?" he asked, his tone sharper than normal.

Kate was taken aback by his latent hostility. "Just general reports that any auditor would ask for; the accounting reports, purchase statements, anything that might show a problem with our procedures." Her words seemed to relax him somewhat.

"And is he finding anything?" David asked, playing with a pen from his desk.

Kate ignored the shiftiness of his eyes. Something was definitely off but she couldn't figure out what. "No, everything is very accurate and nothing is off from the computer system so far."

"I also heard he was talking to the employees. What's he asking them? I hope he's not causing any problems."

Kate shook her head. "No, nothing like that. We've heard a lot about how their benefits have been reduced. Were you aware of the low morale in the stores?" she asked.

David rolled his eyes. "I've heard some grumblings from some people but they'll get used to it."

Kate disagreed with him but knew she had to work him more diplomatically. She couldn't just come out and tell him he was wrong. He would just dig his heels in out of spite. "David, there are people working full time without any health benefits. Aren't you worried that our competitors will steal the good employees away?"

His shrug told her he wasn't overly concerned with the loss of good employees. "We can always hire new ones," he said, dismissing the issue as unimportant.

Kate was shocked. "David, do you have any idea how hard it is to train a new employee? Not to mention the need for historical information and building a clientele in certain areas of the store."

"Sure, sure. That's all well and good. And those kinds of issues will be flushed out on an individual basis. But we're saving a lot of money on premiums right now and we need to be cash heavy for this sale to look good." He stood up impatiently and walked around his office, playing with knick knacks on the shelves or the corners of his desk.

She watched him play with his toys, shock coming over her features at his careless attitude. Surely he didn't mean what she thought he'd said. "You mean you cut everyone's benefits simply to fluff up the bank accounts?" she clarified.

David laughed harshly. "No, that's just a side benefit," he said, smiling as if he knew a wonderfully delicious secret.

Kate shook her head. "I don't understand you, David. You have a lot of great employees and you're not treating them well."

"Are you happy?"

"Well...yes, for the moment," Kate said, surprised by the question.

"So what are you complaining about?"

"Don't you understand the domino affect of losing good employees? Or worse, retaining the bad ones?" she leaned forward, her hands trying to emphasize her point. "The employees are what sell our merchandise. If customers aren't treated well, they'll go find something similar at another store."

"We get rid of employees who aren't treating the customers well and you make sure our stores are loaded with stuff that people can only buy in our stores. Now, back to our original conversation, what other kinds of questions are those guys asking? Anything I need to be aware of?"

Kate just stared at him as if he'd grown a new head. "No," she finally answered, sitting back in her seat defeated for the moment. "Everything is pretty normal. As I said, they're just asking for normal audit type of information."

"Good, good. Well, you'd better get back there and make them happy," he said and sat back down at his computer. He immediately turned towards his computer.

Kate was obviously dismissed. She stood up and left his office, furious both with him for being so obtuse and for herself for trying to change him. Eventually, she suspected that he'd get tired of running the stores and would let someone else take charge. She just hoped the stores wouldn't be bankrupt or disbanded before that day arrived.

She checked the conference room again, but still no sign of the three men. Kate went back to her office and sighed at the pile of work. She sat down and decided she would plow through as much as possible before Carlo, Jeff and Peter returned.

Kate was making great headway. It was the middle of the morning and, since everyone thought she was helping the ATI team, no one bothered her. She was able to get a lot of work done quickly since there were no distractions.

It was a little past one o'clock when her phone rang. She picked it up absently, "Kate Avril," she said, glancing at an estimate for a line of clothes.

"Hey gorgeous! Long time no see!" a familiar voice said through the line.

She hesitated, not able to instantly place the voice. "Ed?" she asked, thinking it could be her old boyfriend but wasn't positive.

"The one and only. Are you free for lunch?" he asked.

Kate looked at her desk and all the papers piled on top of it. She had a fleeting wish that Carlo would call and ask her to lunch but pushed that thought aside. Since she hadn't heard from Carlo, she agreed to meet Ed. "Where and when?" She tried to instill some enthusiasm for the outing.

"How about our sandwich place in fifteen minutes? I'm on your side of town for a conference."

"Sounds great. I'll be there," she said.

Kate grabbed her purse and flew into the conference room, hoping Carlo would be there so she could tell him where she was going and not to worry. She remembered how jealous he'd been the last time he heard about Ed so she didn't want him to worry.

But there was still no one in the conference room. Kate thought it was strange but knew Carlo was working on several other possible acquisitions as well as the sale of Jamison's for ATI.

She met Ed in front of a little sandwich shop a few blocks from her office. They used to meet there a few nights a week for dinner and go do something fun afterwards like dancing or ice skating on the Mall, the strip of grass that ran from the Capital to the Lincoln Memorial. Those days seemed like another life, she thought as Ed picked her up on the sidewalk and spun her around in a big bear hug.

"Oh, you look great!" he said enthusiastically as he put her down and took a look at her. "Wow! You have a slight tan. What was the occasion? Did you actually take a vacation?"

"No, well, I guess yes but not willingly," she said, not sure if that was really an answer. Ed also looked confused. She laughingly explained how she'd spent several days on a ship in the Caribbean. They walked into the restaurant, ordered at the counter, and sat down on the stools overlooking the street while they waited for their sandwiches to be delivered to them.

"Wow! Sounds like a fantasy vacation," he laughed.

"It was nice," she replied.

Ed's eyes widened. "Kate, you're the only woman I know of who would describe a free Caribbean vacation on a yacht as 'nice'."

"Well, it turned out very nice," she corrected. "I wasn't really given a choice in the matter which is why I was so angry."

"Was?"

"Yes. I had a good time. And Carlo is wonderful," she said, thinking of the dynamic man and wondering where he had been all morning. She pushed those thoughts aside and concentrated on Ed who was talking about his latest girlfriend.

Their sandwiches arrived and they changed the subject. They were laughing about mutual friends and their latest escapades. Kate had a very relaxing lunch and left feeling refreshed. Heading back to the office, she had a smile on her face and wasn't moving very quickly.

"Nice lunch?" Carlo asked, stepping in front of her as she passed the conference room.

She jumped and took a step back. "Carlo! Where have you been all morning?"

"Answer my question first," he demanded. "Did you have a nice lunch?"

Kate sensed a great deal of anger but wasn't sure why. Was he angry because she left the building for lunch? "Yes, it was very nice."

"We have work to do," he snapped and turned back to the conference room. The four of them worked hard, and Kate was pulling reports, recalculating information and reconciling data all afternoon. She'd thought Carlo was a machine before. Now she thought he was a monster.

She was pulling a file out of a cabinet when she stopped for a moment, trying to figure out why he seemed so angry. What happened to the tender lover who had left her with a kiss this morning?

By ten o'clock that night, she was exhausted and angry. Both Jeff and Peter had left hours ago but Carlo had ordered her to stay and finish up some information with him. He'd been snapping orders all afternoon and evening and hadn't taken a moment to even say please or thank you.

When he asked for another report, she shook her head. "No. I'm leaving," she said and turned to walk out of the conference room, her frustration with his attitude was too much for her to bear.

"No, you're not," he stated, not bothering to even look up from the reports he was reviewing.

"Yes, I am," she said and turned to leave. She walked into her office and pulled her coat down off the hook from behind her door. When she walked out from behind her door, Carlo was standing there, looking furious. "You're not going anywhere," he said and turned to walk out of her office. "Get me the purchase orders for last May and meet me in the conference room."

Kate fought back the tears that sprung to her eyes. She was just overly tired and she'd missed him all day only to return from a nice lunch with a friend to a monster. She didn't even bother to respond. She grabbed her purse and pulled on her coat. She wished there was a way to avoid it, but she had to walk past the conference room to reach the elevators. She walked by with her head held high, not even glancing inside.

She made it all the way to the elevators and was just about to press the down button when her wrist was clamped into a vice-like grip. "I told you to get me the reports," Carlo said with a quiet voice.

She spun around to face him, no longer willing to overlook his rude attitude and obnoxious demands. "What's wrong with you? Why are you treating me like this? You're gone all morning without telling me where you were, and then you come back and order me around like I'm some sort of enemy. I'm not taking it anymore. If you need something, go find it yourself. I'm going home."

"Why are you rushing out? Meeting your old boyfriend again?"

Kate's mouth dropped open. She was speechless for a long moment but her eyes searched his face and she finally understood his anger. Her whole body relaxed and she took a step closer to him. "Carlo, you didn't happen to see me and Ed eating lunch a few blocks away this afternoon, did you?"

"Of course I did. If you want to see other people, that's fine with me but don't let it interfere with what I have to accomplish," he said and dropped her hand as if it burned him. He walked quickly away from her and disappeared into the conference room.

He was jealous. Once her initial shock wore off, she followed him. Standing next to him, she put her hand on his shoulder in an effort to get him to look at her. He flinched but didn't look up.

"Carlo, Ed and I are just friends. I had a nice, relaxing lunch with him but he doesn't stir anything within me except laughter."

Carlo stopped writing but he still didn't look up.

"I don't sleep with someone one night and then meet another man the next day for a liaison. Do you really think that, after last night, I'd have any energy to be with another man today?"

Still no response.

"I guess I should rephrase that so my position is a little clearer," she said and sat down on the conference room table next to him. Her hip was almost touching his forearm but he didn't move. "No man has ever made me feel the way you do when you touch me," she said softly. "I'm not willing to settle for mediocre when I can have something that blows my mind with each touch, each kiss."

He finally stood up and stared down at her, his feet on either side of hers. He was so close; she could feel his heat through her clothes. "Who was he?"

"His name is Ed. He's a very nice man but he and I stopped dating about six months ago and have remained friends ever since. He's now dating a wonderful woman who is more like his own temperament. He is getting ready to propose to her this weekend and wanted my opinion on the ring he'd bought her, since she's also my friend."

"Ah," was his only response.

"Anything else?"

"Sorry for acting like an ass," he said grudgingly.

"Apology accepted."

"Anything else?" he tossed back at her. He stood up and placed a hand on either side of her hips, forcing her to look up at him.

"May I go home now?"

"Only if it is my house," he growled and bent down to kiss her tenderly.

Wrapping her arms around him, she whispered, "I thought you'd never ask."

They spent the better part of the night making love. It was as if Carlo had to test her words about her reaction to his touch throughout the night. Carlo drove her home the next morning and kissed her passionately before leaving to drive into the office.

Kate met him an hour later, still exhausted but her body was tingling from a night of incredible lovemaking. She smiled as she walked into her office and hung up her coat.

"Late night?" David asked from inside her office.

Kate jumped a foot, not realizing that he'd been in there the whole time. "David! What are you doing waiting for me in here?"

"Where else would I wait for you?" he asked, his eyes slanted as he watched her walk around to her desk.

"Usually you send a summons and order me to your office. It is a rare event when you deign to go into someone else's office. There must be something wrong."

"Not wrong," he said and smiled charmingly. "I just wanted to apologize for the other day. I wasn't in a very good mood and I wasn't acting appropriately."

Kate stared at him. David was apologizing? Something was seriously wrong. "Thank you," was the only thing she could think of to say.

He stood up and walked out, turning at the door. "You're doing a great job. Thanks for your help," he said, then turned and left.

Kate stared at the empty door and a bad feeling formed in the pit of her stomach. Something was very wrong. David had never apologized before. The fact that he had this time meant he was buttering her up for something. She suspected that it was going to be awful.

She took her notebook into the conference room and greeted the three men distractedly.

"What's wrong?" Carlo asked as she sat down, her notebook ready to take notes on anything they needed that day.

Kate smiled wanly. "Nothing, really."

Carlo eyed her, knowing she wasn't telling him the truth. But after last night, he wasn't going to jump to conclusions. She'd tell him what was on her mind eventually. They all got down to business and the day flew by. Carlo took everyone out to lunch, including Sarah who was thrilled to be included. The due diligence process was nearing an end and everything seemed to be in the right order.

Kate made dinner for him that night at her house, making him a special dinner of chicken parmesan. The chicken had to be battered and breaded, then fried carefully in a skillet while the pasta was cooking. She added capers and lots of fresh herbs to the sauce. She even made brownies for dessert simply because she hadn't had chocolate in a long time and was suddenly craving something sweet.

Carlo arrived early and Kate rushed to answer the door, eager to see him.

He backed up a step when he saw her. Kate was covered in flour from her head down to her toes. She wore an apron but he wasn't sure why since there wasn't a place on her that wasn't touched by the white powder. "What happened to you?" Carlo said, but he took her in his arms and kissed her.

"What do you mean?" she asked when he pulled away, not really caring anyway. She loved being held in his arms, she thought as her hand ran up the side of his muscular arm under his coat.

"You're covered in flour and some other unidentifiable mixture," he said, his eyes roaming over her face and hair. "I'm sure you're delicious."

Kate blushed over his charm and self-consciously pushed her hair back. "I like to cook," she said.

"And like all other things that you like to do, you throw your whole self into it, literally," he asked, chuckling as he released her and he was able to see that she was covered in flour even on the back of her shoulders. How the woman got flour on the back of her, he'd really like to know.

"Cooking is very therapeutic," she defended and went back into the kitchen.

Carlo just smiled as he watched the way her cute derriere filled out her jeans. He followed her into the kitchen and was astonished by the mess. "Do you always cook like this?"

Kate looked around and didn't see anything wrong with her kitchen. "Like what?"

Carlo just shook his head. "You're unique, Kate Avril."

"Thanks," she said cheerily.

She drained the pasta and put a huge portion on two plates. Then she plunked two perfectly browned chicken breasts on top of the pasta. Next came the wonderfully pungent sauce and mozzarella cheese.

"Give me three minutes and I'll join you," she said as she put the two plates and some salads she'd made ahead of time, on the dining room table.

Carlo opened the bottle of wine he'd brought and poured two glasses, wondering what Kate could still be doing in the kitchen. There was a lot of clanking and then long silences. He was afraid to peek inside, fearful of the next mess she might be creating.

She appeared four minutes later, completely free of flour. "What happened in there?"

"I was cleaning up," she said and took a sip of wine.

Carlo was about to sit down but he was too curious. Peering into the kitchen, his eyes widened at the immaculate counters and floors. All the pans were stacked neatly in the sink and everything was cleaned up, not a speck of flour or sauce on the counters.

"Where did it all go?" he asked, sitting down at the table.

She smiled at his reaction. "I told you, I cleaned it all up. I'm a master at kitchen cleaning. Whenever I cook, I make a huge mess. I've had to learn strategies for cleaning quickly or live in a science project."

Carlo laughed at her analogy. "I defer to your superior cleaning abilities."

They dug into the meal and Carlo was adequately impressed with her cooking abilities. The chicken was tender and flavorful, perfectly complemented by the spicy sauce.

They made love early that night and fell asleep in each others arms, exhausted from two nights of passion. They were content to simply hold each other.

The next two weeks followed a similar pattern. Carlo and Kate worked hard during the day, finalizing the last few details for ATI's due diligence procedures so Carlo could take his findings back to the board of directors and either approve or deny the sale. At night, Carlo would come to her house or she'd meet him at his and they would eat dinner, talk about the day then make love into the wee hours of the night, falling asleep in each other's arms.

The second weekend, Carlo left her a message telling her that he had an emergency and had to postpone their Saturday night plans. Kate didn't mind. She spent her time alone sleeping and watching a movie. The next day, she spent with Carlo who didn't have a family gathering since so many of the kids were sick. They spent the day reading the newspaper, making love and going for a walk in the crisp winter afternoon.

Monday morning, Kate was pulling a file for Jeff. She walked into the conference room where the pace had slowed considerably. Carlo was talking to someone on his cell phone but winked at her as she walked in. Kate suppressed a smile of pleasure as she handed the files to Jeff.

She sat down and started explaining the report to Jeff but Carlo's conversation caught her attention. She didn't like eaves dropping but she was too interested in his half, she couldn't help but listen.

"No, you're not suckering me into that diaper changing routine again," he laughed.

There was silence and Kate held her breath, hoping he wasn't talking about what she thought he was talking about.

But he was. "I love the kids, but there's no way I'm going over there again. My Daddy days are over for a long time," he said, then laughed at whatever the person was saying on the other end.

Kate couldn't concentrate on what Jeff was saying and had to ask him to repeat himself. She felt like her blood was freezing in her system, she was so cold.

Kate reminded herself that she'd known all along that Carlo wasn't a candidate for parenthood. She had heard him say that before so it shouldn't be a shock. Why was her heart breaking now, then?

Because she'd deluded herself into thinking she might be wrong. She had been hoping that Carlo really did want to be a father, have his own children. He'd seemed to genuinely adore his nieces and nephews. Why was he so opposed to fatherhood?

She knew the answer to that. He'd told her himself several weeks ago. Being an uncle was the best of both worlds. He got to spend time with his nieces and nephews, spoil them, play with them but then hand them back to their parents and go do whatever he wanted to do. He liked his freedom too much. Who could blame him? Many people agreed with him. Unfortunately, they went on to have children and resent them after time, ignored them or abused them. Carlo was admitting up front that he didn't want to have children. He was accepting that part of himself.

Could she accept it?

Kate didn't know the answer to that.

She looked at Jeff and he was waiting for an answer. She forced her concentration back to the task at hand, refusing to listen to Carlo's conversation anymore. It was none of her business so she should keep her nose out of it.

By the end of the day, Kate had a headache so bad that she couldn't think anymore.

"I have to get home," she said to all three of them.

Carlo stood up and followed her into her office. "What's wrong?" he asked as soon as they were alone.

"I just have a really bad headache," she said and took her purse. "Can we hold off on our plans tonight?"

"Sure. Let me drive you home. You look pretty awful," he said.

"No, please. Don't worry about me. All I need is a warm bath and some aspirin and I'll be fine. I'll call you later," she said and left her office.

Kate went home and curled up on her bed, not bothering with a bath. She let the tears fall onto her pillow, sobbing out her despair. She felt like she'd just had a dream ripped out of her hands.

After an hour of crying, she pulled herself together. She knew she was in love with Carlo. What she didn't know was if she could continue to see him knowing how he felt about having children. She knew she desperately wanted children. At least two, possibly more.

Could she live without Carlo? The idea almost started the tears flowing again. She didn't want to consider living without him. She loved him so desperately. He made her laugh, challenged her as no one ever had before, and made her feel beautiful and unique.

So if she didn't want to live without Carlo, could she live with him but without children? Around two in the morning, she realized that yes, she could live with him but not have children. She could find other things to ease her mothering instincts. Many women lived wonderful lives without children. She'd just have to find a way.

The alarm went off the next morning but she just couldn't wake up enough to get out of bed. She shut it off and went back to sleep. Two hours later, her phone rang. Still drugged by sleep, she had trouble figuring out that it was her phone and not her alarm clock. By the time she answered it, the person had almost hung up.

"Kate? Where are you?" Carlo asked, the worry evident in his voice.

"Hmmm? I'm not feeling well," she lied, not able to face anyone today.

"I'm coming over."

"No!" she said, sitting up in bed. "Really, it isn't all that bad. I just had a hard time getting rid of the headache from yesterday. I'm going to try and sleep it off. I'll be better later today."

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"I'm sure. Thanks for checking on me," she said and hung up the phone.

She wanted to go to him, ask him point blank why he didn't want to have children. But she knew that some men just didn't want the hassle. She had to adapt to that.

Kate went back to sleep and didn't wake up until six o'clock that evening. It was knocking on her door that woke her up and she dragged herself out of bed to answer it.

"You didn't come into the office," Carlo said, his voice sounding angry.

"Carlo!" she said, pulling her sweatshirt down lower over her legs. She was only wearing underwear, thick white socks and a sweatshirt, not bothering with anything else, not caring what she looked like.

"You look like hell. Tell me what's wrong," he demanded and walked past her into her family room. He dumped a bag of medicine on her coffee table. It included everything from aspirin to diarrhea medicine. He'd even brought a pint of chocolate ice cream.

Kate laughed at his assortment of elixirs. "You came prepared, didn't you?" warmed beyond words by his concern.

"I like to know I can fix whatever is wrong," he said and put his hands on her waist. "Talk to me. Tell me what is wrong...please," he said, asking instead of demanding this time.

"Nothing anymore. I feel much better. I think I just needed some sleep," she said and stood on tiptoe to kiss his chin, the only thing she could reach because of his height.

He bent down and kissed her properly. "Am I intruding?"

"Only if you take the chocolate chip ice cream away," she said and slipped out of his arms to get two spoons.

"Have you had anything else to eat?"

Kate thought back. "Not since yesterday's lunch."

"How about Chinese?" he asked.

"Sure thing," she replied, crossing her legs on the sofa as she dove into the chocolate ice cream.

Carlo chuckled at her expression of ecstasy. "I'm glad you're easy to please. You had me worried for a while last night."

Kate just smiled broadly at him and took another spoonful of ice cream.

Carlo picked up the phone and ordered Chinese, already knowing what she liked since they'd ordered it a few times when they were at his house. They ate ice cream and Chinese, made love then held each other again that night.

Chapter 6

Kate smiled as Carlo left the next morning. She stretched and wriggled deeper under the covers. She felt wonderful. She hadn't been this happy ever in her life. She ignored the small voice in the back of her head that reminded her that things were not perfect. She didn't care that they weren't perfect. They were better than they had ever been, that was better than most people get.

Kate walked into a coffee shop a few hours later. She'd overslept after Carlo had left so she hadn't been able to make a pot of coffee. She knew she should just settle for the office coffee, but she wanted to splurge and get a gourmet cup of coffee with lots of cream and sugar.

Kate stood patiently in line, listening to the conversations of the other people around her. There was a teenager with her mom in front of her who was complaining about the recent punishment imposed upon her for a tardy night's arrival. Kate smiled, remembering when her mother had grounded her for staying out too late. It was one of the worst weeks of her life. She hadn't been able to shop for seven whole days and, at that time, it had just about destroyed her.

There were two ladies behind her who were talking about their stock portfolio. Kate wasn't really interested in that conversation but as they talked, something caught her attention.

"Yeah, the guy I had drinks with last night told me I should look at investing in Jamison's," one lady said. "He was pretty cute in a yuppie kind of way. I hope he calls me again. I think we really hit it off."

"Isn't that the department store chain just a few blocks away?" the second one asked.

"Yeah, according to this guy, there's something happening with their stock that will be good long term."

"I didn't think they were doing well. Hasn't their stock been going downhill over the past few years? Did he say what was happening that might turn things around?"

Kate pictured the first one shaking her head before replying, "No. He couldn't go into any details. The guy said he ran the company and knew that something big was about to happen. He said to put all my money in their stock."

Kate froze, wondering if David could possibly have been the person who had passed on this kind of insider information. Everyone at Jamison's had been instructed that this was what was called a "quiet period" in the stock industry. No one was allowed to discuss anything regarding a potential sale.

She crept out of line and walked the last few blocks to her office in a haze of worry. The woman had said it was the head of Jamison's who had given her the tip. But any of the people who worked there, or even a stranger, could have lied and said they were the president. She should warn David that someone was leaking information.

The office was eerily quiet when she arrived. No one was in the kitchen getting coffee and Carlo's team was not in the conference room. There was usually one or two people hanging out in the kitchen discussing something. It was odd that even the hallways were empty. Everyone was in their office, she realized as she peered into the open doorways.

She went to her office and noticed that she had a voice mail. She dialed in and smiled when she heard Carlo's voice letting her know that all the remaining research would be done at ATI instead of at Jamison's. For some reason, the fact that he'd called to tell her that made her feel special. It was the first time he'd done something like that.

Kate settled down at her desk and was busily working throughout the day.

Her phone rang late in the morning. "Hi gorgeous," Carlo said.

Kate's stomach did a flip flop after hearing his voice. "Hi! How are you?"

"Not so good. I have to fly up to New York. I'll be gone for about three days, possibly four."

"Oh, no!" Kate said, instantly depressed. "What's going on? I thought you were trying to wrap things up here." She wanted to tell him about the conversation she'd overheard at the coffee shop, but didn't want to do it over the phone.

"I just have some meetings that I have to attend. I was hoping I could get someone else to go in my place, but something's happened so it has to be me."

There was a moment of silence and then he continued. "Kate, when I get back, I think we need to have a talk."

Kate didn't say anything for a long moment. He sounded too serious. She didn't like that. "What about?"

"I don't want to do it over the phone. I'll call you, okay?"

Kate worried about his tone. It sounded too ominous. "Sure," she said, trying to be upbeat.

"Great. I'll see you in a few days," Carlo said and hung up from his end.

Kate hung up the phone and bit her lip. What did he want to talk to her about? Did he want out of their relationship? What was wrong? Surely he didn't want out of the relationship already, could he?

Kate held back from thinking along those lines. She had no idea what he wanted to talk to her about so she shouldn't jump to conclusions. She promised herself that she'd wait until he got back and then she'd find out.

She tried to eat a sandwich for lunch but couldn't swallow. She didn't feel well for some reason. Her throat was tight and she had a slight headache. She suspected that she was coming down with something but didn't feel hot so she tried to push the icky feeling away. She pushed the sandwich away and drank her soda instead which seemed to help her stomach slightly.

The afternoon was incredibly busy. Her staff found out that she was available again and bombarded her with questions, complaints and issues that only she could resolve. She worked steadily through the afternoon and into the early evening.

By the time she got home that night, she was exhausted and could barely keep her eyes open. She fell into bed, barely able to change into a tee-shirt and warm socks before pulling the covers over herself.

Kate woke the next morning feeling just as bad as she had the day before. She laid in her bed and wondered where she had gotten a virus from. No one in the office seemed to be sick.

She rolled over and decided to call in sick. She'd just called in for a headache last week, but she didn't feel guilty about this time. She hadn't had a sick day in over five years. Kate considered that she was definitely due for some sick time.

It was three o'clock in the afternoon before she woke up again. She felt much better. Sitting up in her bed, she looked around, surprised by the afternoon sunshine spilling into her bedroom.

Kate yawned and padded to the kitchen, famished. She made herself a sandwich and ate it quickly. She then showered and changed clothes, deciding to head into the office for a few hours of work. She knew her staff would be confused that they had their team leader back for one day, then she was gone again.

The office was in chaos when she arrived. There were orders misplaced, or shipped to the wrong store, several vendors were calling and demanding payment and one of her buyers was trying to quit. She had her hands full trying to deal with all the small issues and it was almost ten o'clock when she could breathe again.

She was sitting at her desk wondering if there was any other crisis she needed to resolve before she left for the evening when she heard voices outside her office.

David was talking to someone but she didn't recognize who the other voice was. It sounded like the person who had been in his office the other day when she'd overheard the mysterious conversation.

"No, we'll sell long and make over ten million dollars on the deal. Then we back out of it at the last minute and no one is the wiser," David was saying.

Kate didn't understand what he was talking about but she knew it wasn't good. He'd been gone all day yesterday and she'd been so busy today she hadn't had time to talk to him about the conversation from the coffee shop. Now she wasn't sure she should talk to him about it. What was he up to?

Kate quietly left her office and went home. There was a message from Carlo on her answering machine. He sounded upbeat but he didn't leave a phone number so she couldn't call him back.

She hit the play button again, just to hear his voice. Kate bit her fingernail, wondering if she should talk to Carlo immediately about the conversations she'd overheard. Whatever David was doing was way over her head. She knew it was bad and she suspected that he was manipulating stocks during this sale. She knew next to nothing about stocks except what her 401k reports showed so she wasn't experienced enough to connect the dots and figure out what David was doing. But she was sure Carlo would.

Accepting that she'd have to wait until tomorrow, no matter what she did, she walked into her kitchen and tried to find something to eat for dinner. But her stomach didn't seem to want to accept any kind of food. She decided on a glass of milk but could only drink half before she started feeling awful again.

After rinsing out her cup, she realized that she was bone weary, just as she had been the night before. She crawled into bed after washing her face, brushing her teeth and changing into a night shirt. She was asleep moments after her head hit the pillow.

Waking up the next morning, Kate was miserable. She felt awful again and didn't understand why. She thought back to everything that had happened in the last few weeks and gasped.

Could it be possible? Kate shook her head, then stopped the action when it made her stomach more upset.

She lay in bed and tried to relax but her body just wouldn't allow it. She counted backwards and sure enough, she was more than five weeks late. She had been so busy, she hadn't even realized that so much time had passed. It had been five weeks since she'd gone on the ship with Carlo. Five weeks since she'd first made love with him. They had used protection every time they'd made love but condoms weren't one hundred percent effective. Nothing was.

Kate groaned as the reality of her situation sank into her befuddled mind. She counted the weeks again, wondering how she could have missed something so significant.

But there was no way around it. She pulled herself out of bed, then sat on the edge while her stomach calmed down. She needed to get to the drug store and get a pregnancy test. That was the only way to be sure, she told herself. Before she started to panic and make rash decisions, she needed to have proof of a pregnancy. It could just be that she had come down with some sort of bug or her body was starting to get an allergy to something, she told herself.

Kate managed to pull on a simple black dress with a pair of boots. She wasn't up to coordinating her outfit today. She just pulled her long hair back into a pony tail with a white bow, not caring how it looked.

At the drug store, she purchased a pregnancy test along with a whole bunch of makeup in an effort to hide the test in some way. She was sure the cashier would be wondering why a woman without a wedding ring was purchasing a pregnancy test.

Fortunately, the teenage cashier didn't even hesitate or blink as she rang up the pregnancy test among all the makeup. She simply put the test into the bag, rang up Kate's credit card and smiled to the next customer.

Kate brought the test home and immediately took it into her bathroom, not caring that she was going to be late for work again today. Ten minutes later, she was still sitting on the edge of her bed staring at the line on the end of the stick. It was blue. She went from staring at the stick, to reading the directions again. If there was a line, it was positive. No line, negative. Pretty simple.

Kate's hand shook as she lifted the stick again. Sure enough, the blue line didn't disappear.

"What have I done?" she asked out loud, the tears streaming down her face.

She'd gotten pregnant and didn't have a husband. How could history repeat itself so harshly like this? Couldn't this have happened to someone else? Someone who didn't know the pain she would be inflicting on an innocent child? Carlo would probably be furious, just like her father had been and just like her old boyfriend had been. Why was she destined to fall into the same miserable trap her mother had endured? Why had she been so stupid as to put another child what she went through?

Kate sat up and dried her tears. She wouldn't let that happen. She would love this child so much he or she wouldn't know that there was a missing parent.

She could do it. She was intelligent, she had the financial resources and the health insurance. That was a whole lot more than what a lot of other women started off with. And they'd all done well, raising wonderful, caring children into society. If they could do it, so could she!

Within a half hour, she was still feeling awful physically, but excited emotionally despite her previous despair over her situation. She was going to have a baby! Carlo's baby! If she didn't feel so awful, she'd jump around her house in joy.

She remembered Carlo's ominous statement about talking to her about something when he came back. He was probably going to break up with her anyway, she thought sadly, so this would be her one remembrance of him. She could keep a small part of him with her always.

The thought of never seeing Carlo again broke her heart but she knew she could endure that. Kate knew that she'd have to endure a lot now. She'd have to be strong. She was going to have a baby. Her hand instinctively covered her stomach where she thought the baby was resting. This child was going to have everything it could possibly want to make up for the fact that his or her mother had fallen in love with a man who didn't want children.

By the afternoon, she was at work and the worry took over. She wasn't going to worry about Carlo. She was going to see him one last time, tell him she understood his need to break things off between the two of them. He needed to know he'd have a child in the world, but she'd assure him that she could handle the responsibility on her own.

Kate vacillated between euphoria and depression. She was too excited about the idea of having a baby. But then she'd realize that Carlo wouldn't be with her to share her joy and she'd plummet into a depression.

Her co-workers probably thought she was losing her mind, she thought as she walked back from the bathroom late in the afternoon. She would be smiling one minute, then fighting back tears and grabbing for tissues the next. She caught several odd looks from Sarah and Matt but they didn't approach her about her odd behavior.

On the way home from work that night, she stopped at a book store and bought a book on pregnancy. She cried as she read the first few pages that explained why she was feeling such highs and lows. It made her feel better to know that her crazy feelings were not irrational but were expected because of the hormones created by her pregnancy.

Kate fell asleep at eight o'clock that night, the pregnancy book open on top of her bed. The phone rang around ten o'clock and she answered it but wasn't able to wake up enough, even for Carlo. She mumbled something to him but told him that she had to go back to sleep and hung up the phone.

The next morning, the nausea was bad. She barely made it to the toilet before throwing up for ten minutes. She didn't have anything left in her stomach afterwards. She showered and got dressed, still feeling awful. At the office, the smell of any kind of food just made her want to run for the bathroom so she took the long way around to her office so she didn't have to pass by the kitchen.

Carlo called her several times during the day but he still didn't leave a phone number and Kate was becoming anxious. Why wouldn't he leave a number where she could call him back? She was now desperate to talk to him about the conversations she'd overheard in the coffee shop and in the hallway and also to get the awful breakup conversation over with. There was her happy news, but even that would be a difficult conversation to have with Carlo since he didn't want to be 'roped into that daddy' thing again as he'd put it a few days ago.

He would be back the next day so she forced herself to stop thinking about it. She'd just worry which wasn't good for her or the baby, according to her new pregnancy book.

She made an appointment with her gynecologist for the following week and bought another book on pregnancy even though she hadn't finished the first one.

Kate made a huge effort to stay awake that night, hoping that Carlo would call and she could get some clue as to why they needed to talk so urgently when he came back. But in her mind, he had already told her. She had created a scenario where he explained that he needed more variety in his women and that he wanted to start dating others.

Kate resigned herself to that the night before he came home. She cried herself to sleep, then woke up in the middle of the night and cried again, wishing he were here to comfort her even though he was the source of her anguish.

She worked all through the day on Friday and didn't bother to answer her phone. She didn't want to talk to Carlo. Kate had decided that she was finished with him. She wasn't going to let him break up with her. She'd just ignore him and finish this relationship out herself without his awful discussion.

She got home that night and ignored the five messages on her answering machine and fell into bed, letting sleep take over where busyness during the day had not. She wanted to block Carlo out of her mind and her heart.

She didn't hear the doorbell ring later that night or the knocking on her door.

She spent the weekend curled up on her couch, fighting nausea and the sadness over her assumed loss of Carlo. She ignored the phone and muted her answering machine while she read all the things she was supposed to do for her unborn child.

By Monday morning, she was a mess. There were over twenty messages on her office phone and she'd already deleted fifteen from her home answering machine without listening to them.

She felt awful and sat down carefully at her desk.

"Kate, where the hell have you been all weekend?" David demanded as soon as he walked into her office.

"Home," she said. Even the one word answer was difficult to say as the nausea started to rise up in her throat. She couldn't look at David since the movement of her head would throw her over the edge and have her running to the bathroom.

He made a disgusted sound. Kate missed the rolling of his eyes as well since she couldn't look at him. "Carlo Attracelli has been trying to get in touch with you for three days. He's finally resorted to calling me as if I were your personal secretary. Call him now!" he ordered and left her office.

She reached for her phone thinking that she'd have to talk to him sooner or later. But the movement of her hand upset her stomach so she leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes, willing the bile to back down. Kate decided to ignore his command and searched through the piles on her desk. She finally found where she'd left off the night before and continued looking at fabric samples. By noon that day, she remembered the coffee shop conversation. She knew that the sale was about to be finalized and she wanted to let Carlo know that something was going on that didn't seem right.

She walked by David's office, intending to put some files back in the accounting storage area that was across the hall from his office. She heard him yelling and his words stopped her feet. "Sell all the damn shares now!" and he slammed down his phone.

Kate didn't bother to knock. She just stood in the open doorway as David turned to a man sitting in one of the chairs. "We're going to make this happen," he said gleefully, rubbing his hands together. "By the end of the day, we'll pull out of the ATI deal, they'll owe us millions in the settlement agreement, then we buy up all the tanked stock and wait until it goes back up in a few months with the announcement of the new chairman."

Kate couldn't hold her silence any longer. "What are you talking about, David?"

David swung around and glared at her. "Never mind. Don't you have some dresses or something to buy?" he snapped.

Kate could only stare at him. He was evil, she realized. "You're going to make Carlo look like an idiot for recommending the buy out. You can't do that," she said, her voice soft and quivering.

David sneered at her. "Don't give me that. The whole staff's stock is going to soar in the next few months so you'll be making a pretty penny on that as well."

Did he really think she was that mercenary? "No, that isn't the point," she said, shaking her head.

"What's the point? Your lover boy looking like an idiot?" he sneered. "That's not my problem. If he doesn't know how to play with the big boys, he has no business being out here."

Kate was shocked. "You did leak information to someone in a bar a few days ago, didn't you? That woman is going to spend all her savings on stocks in Jamison's. Then the stock is going to tank because you're going to illegally pull out of the deal. Is that it?" she demanded, getting angry now.

David rolled his eyes at her naivete. "Don't worry about that silly blond woman. If it's who I think it was, we had a good time. She got what she wanted out of the deal plus, if she sells in time and doesn't wait for another stock tip from a stranger, she'll make a good bit of money on the sale as well." He laughed at his plan. "But she probably won't. If it's the blond bimbo I think you're talking about, she won't pay enough attention to her stocks to know what is going on. It's tough when you rely on bad information, isn't it?" he snickered.

Kate stepped out of his office and stood in the hallway in shock. As she leaned against the wall, she heard him laughing "Don't worry about Kate," he said to the stranger sitting in David's office. "She won't blab to the SEC. She has too much loyalty to my old man. Besides, she'll think about it and will realize that she's going to benefit from what I'm doing as well if this plan works out. If she says anything to anyone, she'll be caught in the situation even though she didn't know anything about it."

Those words horrified her so much that it got her moving. She ran back to her office to grab her keys before she left the building, not even bothering to take her coat. She headed to the elevators and reached her car in a daze.

"Where in the world am I supposed to go?" she asked herself once the door was closed and she was staring out into the bright sunshine. He's going to ruin so many people's lives but how am I supposed to stop him? She looked around the parking lot as if the answers were written somewhere.

"Carlo!" she immediately thought. But then she realized that she had ignored so many of his calls. He wouldn't want to talk to her now. She'd just have to figure out a way to get him to listen to her. He might be ready to leave her for someone else, but he was fair and reasonable. Somehow she'd get her point across.

Her hand automatically went to cover her stomach where her unborn child rested. She couldn't let him hurt their child. She wouldn't let him say the words that would hurt either, she promised herself.

Kate drove her car over to the ATI headquarters and prayed that he would be there. She parked in a visitor's space and rushed into the lobby. There, security stopped her immediately. "Ma'am, you need a badge to go any further," an authoritative voice said, when she tried to get onto an elevator.

She turned around to face a security guard who was watching the lobby area.

"Oh! I'm sorry," she replied and walked with him to the security table. "I don't have a badge."

"Do you work for ATI and just misplaced your security badge?"

"No," Kate answered. "I need to speak to Carlo Attracelli. It's urgent."

The guard raised his eyebrows. "The vice president?"

Kate hesitated, not sure what his official role in ATI was. "I'm not sure of his title. I've been working on a project with him," she said, knowing she would be breaking the law if she said anything about ATI acquiring Jamison's.

"Can I see some identification?" the man asked, picking up a clipboard.

Kate grimaced. "I didn't grab my purse. But I really need to see Carlo. It's urgent. Please, I can't explain but this is something only he can help to fix," she said, her eyes pleading with the guard to understand.

The man put down the clipboard and looked at her for a long moment. "What's your name?" he asked, reaching for the phone.

"Kate Avril," she said, worried that Carlo would ignore her calls, just as she'd ignored his all weekend.

He dialed a number quickly. "Betsy, I have a person down at the security desk who wants to talk to your boss. She says her name is Kate Avril but doesn't have any ID."

There was silence while he listened. Then, "Long brown hair, blue eyes, about five feet, three inches tall, thin," he said, describing Kate's appearance.

"Five, four," she corrected, standing up to her full height. She wondered how he had guessed her height so accurately when she was wearing three inch heels, taking her up to the average woman's height. She supposed he was used to eliminating shoe height when guessing.

He nodded and hung up the phone. He picked up what looked to be a temporary badge, he slid it through a card reading machine and typed in some information. Handing it to her, he said, "This will get you up to Mr. Attracelli's floor but no where else in the building."

Kate smiled brightly, immensely relieved that she wasn't going to be stopped. "Thank you," she said, grateful that he wasn't just a bully security guard who found his worth by belittling others.

She rode up the elevator on trembling knees hoping her stomach wouldn't start acting up again as it had this morning.

As soon as she stepped off the elevator, a smiling elderly woman with a sensible blue suit and low-heeled blue shoes greeted her. "Hello, I'm Betsy Meyers, Carlo's secretary," she said and held out her hand for Kate to shake.

Kate was relieved. "I didn't think Carlo would see me," she said. "There's been some tension between the two of us. He's probably not very happy with me."

Betsy's smile widened and her eyes twinkled. "He might not. I didn't tell him you were coming," she said.

Kate's eyes dimmed. This was going to be more difficult than she'd thought.

Betsy wasn't having any of that. She waved Kate down the hallway. "Carlo is furious with you for not returning his calls. In fact, he mentioned to me this morning that if you were to finally call, that he wouldn't take your call."

Kate stopped in the middle of the hallway. "But he has to. Please, help me get in to see him. I know he's furious with me but I have some information he'll want to know about."

Kate wiped the tears from her eyes, hating any show of weakness to strangers. This woman seemed very kind but Kate wasn't sure if she would be able to pull any weight with Carlo. Kate knew Carlo's anger. It was intimidating, she thought, remembering the few times she had been the recipient of his anger.

Betsy nodded her head in understanding. "I'll see if he's free but won't mention your name," she said and winked as she waved Kate to a seat outside of a set of double doors.

Kate smiled weakly. "Thank you."

The woman disappeared into an office. Kate sat down on a chair, the weariness deep in her bones. Three months ago, things were so much simpler. She went to work, she left work, she had fun with her friends and she was mildly satisfied with her life.

Now she was embroiled in an illegal scheme by her boss, she'd fallen madly in love with a man she never should have been involved with and she was about to subject an innocent child to the same painful life she'd grown up in.

Kate put a hand protectively over her stomach. She had no idea how she was going to raise this child but one thing was for sure, he or she would know enough love from her that they wouldn't miss their father.

She knew she'd have to tell Carlo about the baby, but it would be long after all this mess was cleared up. She didn't have the strength to tell him about an impending pregnancy and an impending stock scandal all at once.

"Why the hell are you here?" Carlo demanded from the doorway to an office. "Do you have any idea of what you've put me through this weekend?" he said, his voice deadly quiet.

His secretary stood behind him and her jaw dropped at Carlo's tone. She pushed her way past him, her anger evident as she went back to her desk and started typing.

Carlo sighed deeply and ran a hand through his hair. His anger was still evident but he toned it down slightly. "Why don't you come in and tell me what's on your mind?" he said and walked back into his office, not bothering to see if she would follow.

Kate stood up and followed him on trembling legs. She glanced at the woman who had stopped typing and was now watching as Kate walked towards the door. Kate received a wink and for some reason, that small action gave her the last bit of courage she needed.

Kate squared her shoulders and walked into his office, knowing that what she needed to tell him was extremely important. She refused to let the tears fall down her cheeks again. They were wasted energy and Kate hated to waste anything.

"What's up?" he asked, picking up a file folder and proceeding to read through the file. He was completely ignoring her.

Kate decided to just start talking and hopefully he would hear her words. "I know you're going to be angry about this but I have some information I think you should know about," she said and sat down on the edge of a chair in front of his desk.

Carlo snapped the folder closed and tossed it on his desk before glaring at her from across the polished expanse of wood. "What would that be, Kate? That you've been stringing me along all these months? I already know that, don't I? Or that you're dumping me for no apparent reason? Well, I've gotten that message as well. When a woman refuses all contact, phone, messages, in person, a man can take a hint. I won't bother you anymore."

"What do you mean in person?" she asked, distracted by his words.

"Don't try it Kate. I went over to your house on Saturday around eight o'clock in the evening, worried about you. You're car was there and lights were on but you wouldn't answer the door."

Kate couldn't tell him that she'd been asleep because she'd have to explain why she was so tired that early in the evening. "I didn't know," was all she said. Kate was shaking her head at the beginning of his speech. "Actually, why I'm here has nothing to do with us."

"Well, since there is no 'us' since you refuse to let it happen, perhaps you should tell me why you've ventured into the lair of the man you hate."

Kate gasped. "I don't hate you. I wouldn't be here if I hated you. Think anything else but not that."

"What do you mean? Perhaps you should explain exactly why you are here."

Kate couldn't look at him anymore. She turned and faced the incredible view of Washington, D.C. instead. "I overheard a conversation about an hour ago. It was between David and another man but I don't know his name."

"Go on," he said and stood up to pace about his office.

It was now or never, she thought. She was so worried that he would stop her, she rushed through her explanation. "They were talking about the sale of Jamison's to ATI," she started. "I'm not sure about all the details, but they were saying how they were going to back out of the sale at the last minute, buy up all the dumped stocks and make millions on the resale. There was something else about a payment ATI would owe that was also in the millions of dollars range but I don't really understand that either. I gathered that they were going to collect that as well."

There was silence when she finished. She wasn't even sure if Carlo was still in the room or, if he was, if he'd heard her. She had to turn around and find him. He was right behind her.

"Why are you telling me this?" he asked softly.

Kate shrugged. "I'm guessing it is illegal."

"Is there more?"

She nodded her head. The tears started again and this time she couldn't control them. "David saw me and asked me to come in and join the party. He wanted to thank me for seducing you and distracting you from the due diligence so they could work their behind the scenes deals." She hated admitting that. "Please believe me, I didn't have anything to do with what they were planning. I don't even really understand it but I didn't help them. I didn't seduce you in an effort to distract you. I promise," she ended on a whisper.

"Did you seduce me?"

"No!" she said emphatically. "I didn't want this to happen. I didn't want to lo...I didn't want to be involved with anyone."

Carlo grabbed her shoulders. "You were going to say love, weren't you?"

She wiped away fresh tears. "Carlo there's no time for this," she said, pulling herself out of his arms. "You have to do something to stop him. He can't get away with whatever he's trying to pull."

Carlo smiled. "Kate, admit it. You were going to say you loved me."

"It doesn't matter. It isn't going to work out. Things have happened that have made it impossible." Kate stepped back from his smiling face, the tears streaming down her cheeks now. "Oh, forget it. I have to go. I feel awful and this has just made things worse. I should have just called you," she said and turned to leave. But the pain in her stomach worsened and she was suddenly doubled over in pain.

"What's wrong Kate," Carlo said and lifted her gently into his arms. Kate just crumpled, her face completely white as her eyes pleaded with him to help her since she was in so much pain she couldn't even speak.

"Betsy, call an ambulance," he called to the woman in the outer office.

He laid Kate down on the sofa in the corner of his office, kneeling down beside her. Kate couldn't hide the pain and she bit her lip as she curled into a ball. "Betsy!"

The woman appeared in the doorway, the company nurse trailing behind her. "An ambulance is on the way but they're asking what the emergency is," Jessy told him.

"I don't know. Kate, what's wrong?"

"Stomach," she bit out. "Pain," she finally said.

Betsy disappeared again, ostensibly to tell the paramedics what the issue was and to arrange for security to get the elevator to the ground floor for them.

"Hang on Kate," she heard Carlo saying but the pain was too intense. She lost consciousness a moment later, staring at the worried expression in Carlo's eyes.

Chapter 7

Kate woke up several hours later, late afternoon sunshine filtering through the vertical blinds of a strange room. She wanted to move but her body hurt in too many places.

"Don't move, Kate. I'll go get a doctor," Carlo was saying and he disappeared silently out the door to what she assumed was a hospital room although she was still too groggy and feeling awful to focus enough to figure out.

Kate didn't argue with him. She felt too dreadful to try so she just laid against the pillows and tried to figure out what was going on. She had no idea where she was but she turned her head and noticed the monitors. There was also an IV hooked up to her arm.

Carlo reappeared with another man behind him. He appeared to be a doctor but she wasn't sure anything made sense anymore. "What's going on?" she croaked but her mouth refused to work properly.

Carlo grabbed her hand while the doctor ran some tests. He checked her pulse and scanned her eyes with a tiny flashlight, then pronounced her on the road to recovery. He wanted her to stay for the night, but he didn't see any reason to keep her longer.

"The baby is fine but you'll have to be on bed rest for a while. You'll need to check with your obstetrician as soon as possible. We would have already contacted her or him but Mr. Attracelli wasn't sure of the name. I'll leave you two alone to talk," he said seriously.

Carlo stood beside the bed until they were alone again. Then he sat down on a chair beside the bed and took Kate's hand. "Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant, Kate?"

Kate looked at the ceiling, unable to look at his handsome face. "I only figured it out myself last week. It took a while to let it sink in."

"Were you going to get rid of it?" he asked and her hand was gripped painfully.

"No!" she said immediately and pulled her hand away. "I was going to tell you about it today, but then I overheard that awful conversation. But I'm not getting rid of this child," she said. Kate was furious with herself for crying again. She felt like a faucet that couldn't be turned off.

Kate continued despite her weepiness, wanting to get it all out now that he already knew about her situation. "I know you probably don't want your life complicated with this so I won't bother you with this baby. But I'm not getting rid of it no matter what you say."

"Thank god!" he replied, and the tension left his face. "I was so afraid you were hiding it so you could have an abortion." He stared at her right in the eye. "Why are you trying to push me away?"

"Because I'm pregnant. I don't understand how it happened. But it did. I understand how you feel about children and, like I said, I promise I won't bother you with this baby."

"What do you mean?" he demanded harshly. "How do you think I feel about children? And this is our baby. Stop referring to it as if I were already out of the picture."

Kate looked away, unable to face him. "The afternoon we had lunch with your family, in the car you mentioned that kids were wonderful if you could hand them back after a while." She sniffled before she continued. "Then there was the time you were talking to one of your brothers or sisters in law and you mentioned that you weren't going to be sucked into the daddy thing again." She accepted his offered tissue. "I know you don't want kids. It wasn't my intention to get pregnant. It just happened. And I know you were going to have a serious discussion with me when you came back. I just didn't want to hear that you didn't want to see me again. I know I'm a coward but I just didn't want to have those words spoken out loud." Kate wanted to run but was attached to the IV.

Carlo touched her face so she was looking at him. "Kate, I want you. And I want your children. I want lots of children. You know how much I love my nieces and nephews. How could you think I didn't want children?"

"But that day! You said that they..."

"Forget what I said that day. I said it after being surrounded by nine children. I definitely want kids. I just want to have them one at a time. I guess you don't know this, but I fight to baby-sit my nieces and nephews at every opportunity."

"I love you!" Kate said, a smile forming on her face for the first time in the past week.

"I know you do. That's what I've been trying to tell you for months now! I'm glad you've finally realized it," he said and bent down to kiss her gently.

Pulling back, he laughed at her tear stained face. "Will you marry me now that we've gotten that out of the way?"

"Yes!" she said. Then gasped, "But what about David? What's going to happen to him? He's not going to get away with whatever he's trying to pull, is he?"

"No," Carlo said. "He was arrested for insider trading about the same time you came to tell me about his plan. We've known about it for the past month and have been working with the SEC. The man in David's office was an agent who was gathering information. You weren't supposed to be involved in that discussion though."

"Oh, sorry. I do tend to walk in at the wrong moments lately," she laughed then pulled his head closer for another kiss.

"No, all the right moments, in my mind,' Carlo corrected.

Epilogue

Kate held six month old Ashton in her arms, still in awe of the tiny little girl. Carlo walked over to where Kate and Ashton were settled on the sofa of the large family room of Sal's house. The family Christmas tree was standing ten feet tall in the corner of the room, wrapping paper covering the entire expanse of floor and toys surrounding the furniture and tree.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"More than okay," she replied, kissing him gently. Carlo leaned down and kissed his little daughter who was sound asleep, oblivious to the chaos surrounding her.

Kate looked down at her child and said a silent prayer, grateful for the gift of her child and her husband.

Emma interrupted her thoughts. "Aunt Kate, you have so many presents to open. When are you going to start?" she asked, horrified at the idea of unopened presents.

Since Emma was the leader of the nine children, Kate was instantly overwhelmed with other children cheering her on to open her presents.

"Let Kate open her presents when she's ready," Antonia said, smiling down at Kate. "Sorry for the interruption," she whispered. "Did Emma wake up Ashton?"

Kate shook her head. "No, this one can sleep through anything during the day. It's the nights that a breath will wake her," Kate laughed. She was exhausted but happy. During the days, she ran all of the Jamison Department Stores. She'd been assigned that task by Sal himself, at the recommendation of her husband. At night, she loved her husband and enjoyed quiet times with her daughter.

"Is this what you wanted growing up?" Carlo asked.

Kate glanced around Sal's family room. There were so many presents scattered around but the best part was the number of family members. Even her mother had traveled up from Florida to take part in the celebration.

She remembered her lonely Christmas's from the past and sighed in relief, incredibly happy to be a part of the Attracelli clan. "Yes. This is what I always wanted," she said and hugged her daughter closer, her eyes showing her love for her husband. "I love you," she said, not able to tell him that enough.

Carlo kissed her gently, showing her his feelings. He didn't mind hearing it from her though.

