Lesson #1

'Holy shit' are not the best words to say

when you see how gorgeous your billionaire is for the first time.

He will want to f**k you after that.

"Oh God, I'm going to be, like, super late."

I threw Alyx a look of horror before returning my gaze to the digital display of the elevator, wishing there was a way I could have it speed up. If I ever survived today's job interview alive, I must remember to write to the CEO of Ferrari. He should know that people who were pathologically late like me needed his help. He just had to create a sports car version for elevators.

"Stop panicking." Alyx rolled her eyes as she spoke. She sort of did it all the time, actually, making you unable to figure out when she was being sincere or sarcastic.

Alyx continued, "Any company would love to have you, Yanna."

Like now.

"Shut up. I know you're lying."

"I'm not." Her voice still had that eye-roll-tone so I couldn't quite make up my mind if she really did mean it. We had been friends since our kindergarten days, but this one just plain eluded me all these years. I had long decided that this quirk of Alyx was truly something only her own Mr. Right could figure out. I told her as much but Alyx had just laughed and called me a "romantic". Personally, I thought what she really wanted to say went along the lines of naive, foolish, and hopeless.

"You just have to show them what you've got."

Now that one sounded semi-sincere so I unhesitatingly asked, "What do I have?" I sniffed for effect, just so Alyx would take pity on me and dwell more on my good points than bad.

Alyx pursed her lips, and when she did that she looked more like a schoolteacher, thanks to her nerdy glasses and buttoned-up blouse - okay, make that a schoolteacher in mini.

We loved our minis, Alyx and I.

She eyed me head to toe, lingering on how I twisted my hair into a prim-preppy chignon, the modest neckline of my blouse, and my skirt, which ended two inches over the knee.

I was sort of thinking she'd say something nice after that, but what she came up with was, "Well, you may be older than most entry-level applicants---"

I winced. "Twenty-four is NOT old."

"But if you tell them it's because you had to take care of your ailing parents first, I'm sure they'll understand."

Seeing the serious expression on her face, I protested, "I can't say those things! That's, like, lying." And yes, I was indeed 24 years old with a tendency to abuse the word 'like'. It was my own version of nail-biting - verbally regressing to a teenager from the 1990's whenever I was anxious or terrified. The word 'panicky' described me perfectly to a T, which was why Alyx felt the need to accompany me all the way up to 34/F, where my future would later hang in the balance.

Alyx didn't seem to hear me. "Also, you just need to let them know that you speak scores of languages and an honor's certificate from your college."

"Three languages are not scores."

Alyx didn't seem to hear that either. As the elevator's doors silently slid open at my floor, she simply gave me a thumbs-up and said, "Trust me. Anyone with half a brain is going to want to hire you."

Not if you're late by twenty and you're absolutely unprepared for your first ever job interview, I thought a few minutes later as I pushed the heavily tinted glass doors open and found more than a dozen pair of eyes gazing at me.

"Sorry, sorry," I mumbled red-faced as I force-squeezed my way behind the row of seats on the left side of the table. It was the only way to get to the other side of the room. The entire left row of seats was fully occupied, and their wheels squeaked as the other applicants pushed their chairs further in so I could pass.

"Ditz," the bottle blonde in a severe black suit not-so-softly sneered as I walked past her. Since I was wearing my favorite pink suit and everyone here seemed dress for mourning (why did I not get the memo that black was back as the new black?), I told myself I'd let just that one go.

Only one chair from the opposite row of tables was taken, occupied by a man wearing a pinstriped suit and studying a sheaf of papers he held in one hand. Even seated as he was, he exuded an authoritative aura that made me gulp. If this man was going after the same job I was applying for, I might as well give up now.

Taking the seat next to him, I quickly sat my bag on the chair on my other side as I hurriedly hand-combed my shoulder-length brown hair, which was still half wet from my shower.

People from the opposite row were staring at me oddly. I could feel their gazes on me, and most of them weren't friendly either. My heart sank even as I tossed a grateful glance at the unoccupied seat at the head of the table. Obviously, whoever it was Kastein Inc. had assigned to interview us was also late - but what if the other applicants were planning to tell on me once the interviewer arrived?

Sensing the man next to me turning to my direction and not getting any unfriendly and competitive vibes from him, I silently breathed a sigh of relief at the thought of having at least one person in the room not antagonistic toward me.

Friendly smile in place, I said, "Hel-oly shit."

Bottle Blonde gasped.

I cringed at the sound. That was what I should have done. Gasped. But then - who could blame me, really? Anyone would have been completely shocked at seeing someone so incredibly beautiful in person. Men were not supposed to be beautiful, dammit. But this one was.

His sun-kissed hair seemed to have all the shades between dark gold to copper - his natural hair color, in other words. It was impossible for any artificial hair dye to create his kind of hair, which was also naturally curly. Those adorable curls would have made him look g*y if not for his strong jaw. His eyes were the lightest shade of gray, almost silver - and they were laughing at me, with his sexy-looking lips curved in a slight, amused grin.

My heart sank the second time in minutes at the sight of it. Great. Way to make an impression on a potential rival in the workforce: let him know he's turned your head around completely.

Desperate to make him forget my embarrassing gaffe, I asked quickly, "Are you applying for the marketing research position, too?"

He raised a brow, making me wonder what I had said wrong. His sexy secretive grin still playing on his lips, he said simply, "No."

We stared at each other after that. I didn't want to - I swear I didn't - but somehow his gaze was commanding and magnetic, and I felt like I wouldn't be able to pull my gaze away unless he let me. And really, I knew how ridiculous that sounded - especially where I was concerned.

My parents had even nicknamed me "Little Miss Granite" because I was stubborn as a rock. Even as a kid, I had a tendency to be headstrong when there was something I wanted.

I had never been a pushover, and yet here I was - a slave to a stranger's gaze. I was scared that if this man told me to bend over, I'd ask if he wanted me to take off my undies first or let him do the honors.

It was a freak-out-worthy thought, considering that I had never thought of sex in such graphic terms. In fact, the only sex scene I had ever watched in my life was the one in Breaking Dawn and the only hardcore part in it was when Edward broke his bed's headboard into pieces. And all the time, I had kept thinking, if his hands could do that, what about his...well...you know? Was that even a good thing?

"You're late, you know." The European accent of his voice made my toes curl. Even so, one part of me was dismayed at his words - did he really have to say that out loud? But the other part of me was just plain relieved he spoke. It somehow gave me the strength to look away, and I did so quickly, training my eyes on his necktie, which was a lovely silky shade of red. Again, it was the kind that should have made him look extremely g*y. But no, it did not. It just made him more mouthwateringly sexy.

Still not looking at him, I mumbled, "I miscalculated the traffic on the way here."

"Ah," he said.

I mentally groaned at the sound. It was very, very sexy, too. Everything about this man was just plain sexy, and it was extremely terrifying. You see, I was what you'd call a sexual prude. My parents had the most amazing love story ever, and because of it they sort of drummed into me since I was old enough to enjoy bedtime stories that I was destined for an amazingly romantic adventure of my own. Of course, by the time I got to high school, those bedtime stories had turned into the most horrible of warnings.

Walter and Carole would constantly warn me of how a man's, umm, member could end up literally tearing your hymen apart and send you to E.R. if you weren't made 'ready' by true love. Since Walter was a top-rated surgeon and Carole his nurse for twenty years, you could just imagine how believable their horror stories had sounded during my younger years. Of course, I knew better now, but old fears were pretty hard to kill, especially if you'd been listening to them since you had your first period.

Feeling like I had to say something or Mr. Too-Sexy-To-Be-True would know how much he was affecting me, I added lamely, "I didn't mean to be late."

"I know," he said so nicely it made me look at him. I inhaled sharply when I saw how he was looking at me, the way his eyes took its time to linger on my lips. It was like he wanted me to know he was driving himself crazy wondering how my lips tasted.

I bit my lip.

His nostrils flared.

I hurriedly released my lip, realizing he might have thought I was being deliberately provocative. I swung my seat back in, staring determinedly at the wall across me. I had a hard time believing I just had some sort of eye-sex with a near total stranger. A really mind-blowingly hot one but - still a stranger.

Who was still staring at me.

I gripped my armrests tightly, using it to anchor me in place and not turn towards him like his eyes were demanding me to.

A soft chuckle then I heard the cushion of his seat squeaking a little as he turned to face the others.

"Now that we're all complete, we can start the interview."

At his words, I had swung my seat back to face him in a second. I gaped at him. Had I heard him correctly?

Mr. Too-Sexy-To-Be-True glanced at me, his grin no longer secretive but wicked this time. "Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to officially welcome you to Kastein Inc. Thank you for your interest in joining my company. I'm delighted to see you all here." He all but purred the last pronoun out, with a swift glance at my lips under his lashes as he spoke.

It had the most incredible impact on my body, and I could only silently gasp in horror as I felt my ni**les coming to life until they were poking against the thick silk of my shirt.

I hurriedly grabbed my bag and placed it in front of me, but one glance at the knowing gleam in the man's eyes told me I was too late.

Maybe - maybe I was too late all along and just one look at me and he knew he could have me. Anywhere, anytime, any---oh God, what the hell was I thinking?

"You're Yanna Everleigh?" He didn't wait for an answer and offered his hand instead. "I'm Constantijin Kastein and I will be interviewing you today."

No wonder everyone was staring. No f**king wonder. He was a Kastein - a board member at the very least. And I had taken the seat next to him like I was going to interview the others, too, when I should have been with them at the opposite side of the table.

Still drowning in a mental pool of embarrassment, I slowly took his hand. His hand immediately gripped mine, but what made my eyes shoot up to him incredulously was how he also managed to caress my fingers at the same time.

He returned it with an innocent one of his own. "Since you're the last one to arrive, I hope you understand if you will be the last one I'll be interviewing one-on-one."

I could only nod dumbly. I hadn't even known there was going to be a one-on-one. I was absolutely unprepared for it but right now, what I was most worried about was how my ni**les seemed to be knocking against my blouse and begging for his attention. Worse, I also felt the heat of his gaze burn through my blouse just before he looked back at the other applicants. It was only for a second, but God! That second was something I'd never forget - just that one look and he made me feel he was already cupping my br**sts and sucking my ni**les.

I clutched my armrests more desperately. It was all I could do to control myself, knowing that if I crossed my legs he would know I was doing so because I was becoming wet for him. Oh dear, I was wet. For the first time in my life I was wet between my legs and it had nothing to do with taking a shower. It had everything to do with the man still eye-humping me and it was all I could do not to eye-hump him back.

How could a pair of silvery gray eyes be so powerfully seductive?

The nature of my thoughts made me want to drown myself longer in the pool of embarrassment in my mind, now transformed into a sauna of utter humiliation.

Constantijin Kastein.

He owned the company I was applying for and I hadn't even recognized him. How could I be so dumb? And I was late for my interview, too. Why was I even here?

Constantijin was still speaking, his voice deep and husky but his accent less pronounced this time. And then he was handing out questionnaires. He gave mine last, and our fingers not so accidentally - on his part - brushed. I bit back another gasp, aghast and just outright stunned at how the merest touch from him could turn me on, more so than I already was.

How was it that I had lived 24 years without even being tempted to watch p**n or masturbate and yet one look from this man was enough to make me mentally pant for his touch? If I had to be ruthlessly honest with myself, a part of me was even imagining what his c**k would look like. I didn't care about anyone else's - I just wanted to look at his.

My face burned with color at what I had just privately admitted to myself.

When he bent towards me, I tensed. "Relax," he said so softly that I knew I would be the only one able to hear him. "I don't bite."

Just as I opened my mouth to answer, he added even more softly, "Not unless you want me to. Starting with those lovely ni**les of yours."

Ladies and gentlemen, as of 9:24 in the morning, this 21st of September, I have officially had my first orgasm - or something really close to it. Trembling, I quickly turned away, my seat swiveling completely so that he would only be able to see the back of my chair. I had no plans responding - absolutely no plan at all since I knew whatever I say wouldn't be able to hide how those words excited my body even as my mind recoiled from them.

Constantijin Kastein was like no one I knew - or even imagined knowing. I would never have thought of any stranger saying something like that to me; but when he did, it sounded terrifyingly right.

Ten minutes into the questionnaire and I could feel his gaze on me again, more heated than ever. We both knew I was aware that he was mentally undressing me with his gaze.

For a second, my fingers clenched around my Barbie-pink pen like a vise - the only thing I could do to release the weird and intense pressure that the sexual tension between us had created inside of me.

"Cute pen," he said suddenly, startling me into dropping the said cute pen.

I stared in frustration at how that action had left an inch-long zigzag mark in the middle of my answer sheet. Great - just darn great. Whoever would end up checking this would be forgiven for thinking I might have been doodling around because I was having a hard time answering their questions.

"Thank you," I muttered, swiveling my seat towards him as I reluctantly lifted my gaze to meet his, knowing I owed him that much. It was exactly as I feared.

Constantijin held my gaze with his bright gray eyes - and claimed me entirely through it. His seat swiveled as he faced me completely, our knees bumping as he did. I could only swallow, knowing that everything he did was a calculated move to seduce me - even though there were a dozen of other people in the room with us.

With this kind of sexual tension - none of that really mattered.

"Is pink your favorite color?" Oh, dear Lord, that accent was so sinfully sexy, too. It made me think of him with days-old stubble, arousing me as he used its rough texture to tease my brea---

Where the hell were all these thoughts coming from?

Realizing he was still waiting for an answer, I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. I wanted to turn away but knew it would be the height of disrespect if I did. He was Constantijin Kastein of Kastein Incorporated, after all.

He inched even closer, and I tensed again when our knees bumped the second time. Unable to bear another not-so-accidental encounter, I swiveled my seat back in and glanced determinedly down on my questionnaire and answer sheet.

If I had thought that would dissuade him, it just seemed to have the opposite effect. Constantijin actually inched closer - enough for his breath to fan my cheek. As he spoke, I could feel his gaze caressing my br**sts. "Thank God the ink's not pink. That would be too much."

I gripped my pen tightly again. Damn him. It was him that was too much...everything. Taking a deep breath, I prepared myself to tell him off. But when I looked up, he was already busy talking with Bottle Blonde, who - in complete contrast with how I felt - seemed more than eager to have him seduce her. Or even vice versa. You could tell by the way she was playing with the low neckline of her tight black dress, as if she was trying to figure out how to make it "unintentionally" reveal more of her already much-exposed cle**age. Any lower and she'd be showing her ni**les.

Constantijin asked us to return the QandA sheets after a few minutes. I slid mine on the table toward him, unwilling to have our fingers touch again. I grabbed my bag, hoping I could leave right away so I would have time to compose myself before the dreaded one-on-one interview.

When I turned to leave, I saw Constantijin blocking my way, his back to me as he firmly bid Bottle Blonde goodbye. As Constantijin turned towards me, Bottle Blonde threw me a vicious glance of loathing. I pretended not to notice because if I did, it would be like a war between one slut to another and I was no slut - even though my body had been begging to differ the moment Constantijin started his visual seduction.

Nodding a polite goodbye to him, I kept my head down as I tried to sidestep him and leave. But he was suddenly in front of me, blocking my way again. This time, I couldn't help looking up with a mixture of suspicion and exasperation. I felt just a bit of sexual frustration, too, but that was neither here nor there.

Constantijin only grinned at the look I gave him, throwing up his hands in the air as the door slammed shut behind Bottle Blonde's exaggeratedly swaying hips. "I mean no harm, Ms. Everleigh," he said with exaggerated wide-eyed innocence.

It took everything in me not to smile back and keep frowning, even though he looked even more irresistible when he was so obviously flirting - with me. The thought was such a huge turn-on I didn't know what to do with my body anymore. Should I throw myself at him? Should I run out of the room and never look back? My virginity was under threat, after all.

"I look forward to interviewing you later." The way he said the words made it obvious he had something entirely different in mind.

I physically tried planting the slim heels of my shoes into the ground, knowing if I didn't, my body would automatically lean toward him, an instinctive response to the seductive spell he was so expertly weaving around me.

Looking at his proffered hand suspiciously, I slowly took it for a shake.

And not a second later, I knew I was right to distrust him. Constantijin's hand immediately locked around mine and used it to haul me towards him. I stumbled onto him, and the tips of my ni**les brushed against his chest.

Constantijin inhaled sharply. "You are so f**king sexy."

I tried to struggle out of his hold. "Please stop this," I managed to say. "I'm not interested."

One hand still imprisoning mine, he used his other hand to cup my chin and make me look up.

His smile was breathtaking, and it made my ni**les harden even more. "Of course you are," he whispered.

He had already released me by the time I managed to get all my wits back. Constantijin was opening the door, his tone business-like and perfectly at odds with the sensual heat in his gaze. "Till later, Ms. Everleigh."

When the door closed behind me and a voice on the PA system announced the name of the first interviewee, I practically ran to the restroom so I could call Alyx privately.

"You won't believe what just happened," I half-shrieked when she answered.

Alyx answered promptly, "You were fired," and made some weird guzzling sound afterwards. She was thirty floors down, bribed into waiting for me with a drink-all-you-can treat at Starbucks. Daria - our other best friend and who completed our decades-old-threesome - would have been with her, too, if she wasn't currently sailing the Mediterranean on her honeymoon with her Greek tycoon.

I glared at my iPhone, wishing I had just FaceTimed Alyx so she would see exactly what I thought of her verbal show of support.

"Very funny." Not waiting for her to answer back since Alyx was unbeatable when it came to smartass comebacks, I said right after, "Constantijin Kastein is flirting with me."

I waited for her reaction with a madly beating heart. Alyx was a journalist and she knew everything about anyone who mattered. One look at Constantijin and you knew he absolutely mattered, more so than a billion people's lives probably.

Alyx didn't disappoint, and when she actually stopped slurping down her frappe to exclaim, 'Whoa', the pace of my heartbeat shot up dramatically.

"Constantijin Kastein - the VP of your company? The guy BBC dubbed as the King of European Media and Netherland's #1 playboy? The one Hello magazine had on its cover last month and a spread of his twenty-three properties all over the world and his forty-something collection of sports cars and classics? That Constantijin you mean?"

Of all the things she said, just one thing stood uppermost in my mind. He was the #1 playboy in his whole country? No wonder my ni**les were still hard as pebbles. How many women did he have to bed to get that kind of title? The thought of that beautiful body next to another woman's created a twinge of pain in my heart, but I told myself it was out of disgust. I was looking for true love, not sex. I had to remember that.

"Yes," I finally said glumly. "That's the one."

"Why do you sound sad?" Alyx demanded. "Isn't that a good thing? It would mean that he's dy***ite in bed!"

I couldn't help giggling, but only because Alyx talked as if she had oodles of experience when I knew she was as much a virgin as I was. "Like you'd know."

"I watch p**n . You don't."

"I'm blushing for you," I said, and it was true.

"Look, Yanna. You know I don't believe in your true love nonsense. If Constantijin Kastein wants you, I say go for it. You can't ask for a more perfect guy to deflower you---"

"Alyx!" I couldn't believe what she was saying.

"I'm just being honest," she said defensively.

"You're, like, not helping, you know?"

"You're, like, totally turned on, aren't you?"

Just this moment, I wished she wasn't such a true friend. That way, she wouldn't have found it so easy to see through me.

"Yanna Everleigh for interview."

I jumped at the words, stunned that even the restroom also had speakers connected with the building's PA system. I glanced at my watch, my eyes widening when I realized that only ten minutes had passed. Wasn't I supposed to be the last one interviewed? They were all interviewed then?

"I got to go," I told Alyx, near to hyperventilating at the thought of going face to face with Constantijin again. God, I was so hopelessly entranced with him.

"Don't forget to use a condom," Alyx managed to sneak in just before I ended the call. I glared at my iPhone the second time even as our call ended. Condom? Yeah, right.

Standing in front of the glass doors, I had to take another deep breath before knocking. My heartbeat was still thumping so loudly it completely drowned out the sound of my knock. I turned the knob with shaky fingers and went in, murmuring, "Mr. Kastein?"

As the door closed shut behind me, I saw Constantijin standing in the middle of the room, his back to me. He seemed to be gazing at the magnificent view outside the 180-degree windows spanning half of the room. When he turned around, I couldn't help but swallow.

He didn't have to say a word for me to know what he wanted.

The blazingly hungry look in his silvery gray eyes was more than enough.

"Call me by my name," he invited huskily.

I hastily averted my gaze before he could command me into doing anything he wanted with his eyes alone. "I don't think that's appropriate, Mr. Kastein." I wanted to sound prim and standoffish, but I couldn't fool myself into ignoring the breathless quality of my voice. I sounded just as hungry and frustrated as he seemed.

Shit.

When the silence lengthened, I found myself glancing at him. He was smiling, a dangerously sexy smile that had my hand unconsciously creeping upward to my chest. It was a futile effort to calm my erratic heartbeat.

"Yanna?"

"Y-yes?"

"I didn't interview the others."

That stumped me. "W-what?"

"I knew right away who I should hire or not. But you..." He frowned. "I really do need to interview you."

He did? Why did he?

"I will objectively evaluate your answers and I make no promises about your chances for getting the job."

I nodded, still not looking at him.

"But after that..." He paused.

When the silence stretched, I was unable to resist the temptation.

My knees buckled at the promise in his eyes. But it was gone in a flash, replaced by an impassive mask falling over his face as he spoke. "Sit down and we'll start the interview."

When I practically collapsed on the seat he had courteously pulled out for me, I had to pretend I didn't hear him laugh out right. He took the seat next to me again, pushing his seat closer to mine, closer and closer until our knees touched once more.

I glared at him.

His eyes laughed at me, as if daring me to be the first to acknowledge what was happening between us.

Constantijin said solemnly, "So it says in your resume you used to work for your father's pharmaceutical company. Why did you leave?"

Still painstakingly aware of the heat from his body and the way my knees tingled with every instance he moves and his knees bump into me, I said haltingly, "It wasn't for me."

"But if I take you..."

My eyes widened. Take me? Like, take me, like, now?

He smirked. "Oh, Ms. Everleigh, what are you thinking?"

I turned red, realizing he knew exactly what I had been thinking.

He said smoothly, "I'm just wondering how I can be sure that if I take you in my company you won't feel the same in the end?"

It took me a few seconds to answer. "I worked for my father's company out of family loyalty - I gave it a fair shot but I just wasn't a good fit. But the job your company is offering - I want it for no other reason than I know I'm going to love it and work hard to be the best for it."

He looked at me, as if waiting for me to say more.

I looked back at him steadily since I knew there was nothing else I could say.

Finally, he spoke again. "Well put, Ms. Everleigh."

The whole interview took about half an hour, and he ended it with the usual, "Thank you for your time, Ms. Everleigh, and we'll be calling you about the results soon."

He sounded so businesslike I started thinking uneasily maybe I had just misread the situation, and he hadn't been really hitting on me. When he stood up, I did so, too. I opened my mouth to thank him, but he beat me to speaking. "Now that's over with..."

In the act of taking my bag from the seat, I froze at the strange tone of his words. Had interviewing me been that much of a bore?

"We can start talking about us then."

Shock made my fingers go limp, and my bag fell back onto the seat soundlessly.

"Look at me, Yanna."

My heart raced faster at how different my name sounded when he said it with his Dutch accent so pronounced.

"Yanna," he said again, warningly this time since I still hadn't looked at him.

The command in his voice was like music my body couldn't resist dancing to and I found myself slowly lifting my head up to look at him.

God, he was really too beautiful for words. It hurt to look at him and not touch him, and it hurt even more to force myself to stay still when his words were so blatantly raw with his need.

"I want to f**k you, Yanna."

My lips parted in shock at what he was saying even as the rest of my body melted. Every nerve in my body was screaming, undress now, undress now!

When had I become such a shameless hussy?

He walked towards me, and I could only stand there, a slave waiting to be claimed by her master. The thought made me cringe. Where did that come from again?

"Mr. Kastein." I could barely hear myself over the racket my heart was making. I started backing away from him when I realized he really was determined to close the distance between us.

Looking over my shoulder to make sure I was backing my way to the door, I glanced back at him.

"Call me by my name," he commanded.

I gulped at the smoldering look in his gaze but said stubbornly, "Mr. Kas-tein!" I ended up shrieking the last syllable when his hand suddenly shot out, taking me by surprise as he grabbed hold of me.

Suddenly I was locked in the circle of his arms, his breath fanning my face, and Constantijin staring down at me in satisfaction.

"You're the only woman I know who's not dying to obey me," he whispered.

"Then I think you must have been dating dogs, not women."

He chuckled, but his tone was dead serious when he murmured, "I'm going to kiss you now."

My eyes widened in panic. I knew without a single doubt that my life would change completely if he did. "No---"

Constantijin had already bent his head down, his lips conquering mine.

I slapped his face without thinking.

He released me with a muttered curse, something in Dutch but the way he said it made a literal translation unnecessary.

"Why the f**k did you slap me?"

"You kissed me!" My voice was shaking as hard as my body was. I couldn't believe how just that soft ephemeral touch of his lips had made me so incredibly wet.

He raised a brow. "So? We both want it."

His mocking gaze moved down to my chest. I gasped, crossing my arms over it right away when I realized how my ni**les had once again betrayed me.

Constantijin drawled, "In fact, I think I can go as far as saying you want more than my kiss. You want me to touch you, too." His voice lowered. "You want me to f**k you right this very moment."

"I don't," I lied even as my body yearned even more for skin-to-skin contact with his. The maelstrom of emotions erupting inside of me made me want to weep. All of them boiled down to one thing. I did want him to f**k me, right this very moment.

He hauled me back to his arms. "Let me prove to you what a delectable liar you are," he murmured just before his lips were back where I so desperately wanted and feared them to be.

This time, he didn't let go even as I struggled as hard as I could. When I tried to twist away, he retaliated by forcing me back, his brute strength easily winning over mine. He pushed me back until my h*ps hit something from behind.

I suddenly found myself half sprawled on the conference table, Constantijin kicking the chair blocking in his way. It hit the wall with a loud thud as he pushed me down, deepening the kiss, lips pushing harder into mine until I finally gasped out my surrender.

His tongue snaked in without hesitation, tasting me like my mouth was the sweetest and rarest candy. His lips and tongue moved with a mix of gentleness and possessiveness, seducing me further away from all the sexual inhibitions I had grown up with. His hardness bore down on me heavily, but it was a weight I was eager to feel, and I couldn't stop my legs from wrapping around his. We groaned at the same time, the new position of our bodies allowing his erection to press against mine, a force of seduction that blew away every bit of common sense remaining inside my brain.

When he pulled away slightly, I could only gaze back at him in a daze. "Say my name," he demanded, his voice even more guttural.

Unable to resist him now, I whispered, "Constantijin."

He groaned, kissing me again, this time letting my wrists go so he could cup both my br**sts, his hands completely covering them.

"Constantijin." I cried it out this time, head whirling at the sensations battering my body.

"Constantijin." I couldn't stop chanting it now, not when he was caressing my br**sts with a delicious mixture of roughness and desperation. When he started kneading them the same time his fingers tweaked my ni**les, my head fell back against the table as I arched into him, offering my whole body to him. At that moment, I was his.

"You're so f**king sexy," he groaned, and I opened my eyes to see him staring at me with such hunger that I gasped at it. He looked like he wanted to devour me. And - I realized with shock - I wanted to be devoured by him.

"Say you want to f**k me, Yanna."

Even though my head was in a mess and my body no longer belonged to me, I couldn't quite make myself say the words. They were just too foreign - too strange for someone who grew up thinking in terms of "making love" instead of just plain "fucking".

His eyes darkened, and I realized he saw my resistance as a challenge.

"Constantijin, no---"

"I won't let you go until you say the words," he muttered at the same time.

He deftly lifted my blouse up, pushing my bra up with it, and then he was gazing at my bared br**sts. Flushing, I hastily tried to cover them even though I could feel myself getting wetter at the heat of his gaze.

"No!" Constantijin had lifted my arms back over my head again. He used his other hand to cup my bu**ocks and I gasped as his fingers squeezed around the curves, just before he pulled me close.

He bent his head down and took one nipple into his mouth.

He started to suck.

"Constantijin."

He sucked harder.

"Constantijin."

He pulled away and looked up at me, a feral and possessive look in his eyes as he demanded, "Say it. Say you want to f**k me, Yanna."

I shook my head.

He took my other nipple into his mouth, sucking even more roughly. I nearly sobbed at the sensual torture, and I couldn't help arching myself toward him even more, silently begging him to suck harder and longer.

Constantijin did, and when he bit my nipple, I let out a sob.

He pulled away again. "Say you want to f**k me, Yanna. Say it!"

I cried, "I want to f**k you."

He released my arms so he could pinch both my ni**les, rasping out, "Say you want to f**k me - Constantijin."

I found myself grasping his hair and his nape, shamelessly pushing his head towards my br**sts back. "I want you to f**k me, Constantijin."

He pinched my ni**les harder. "Beg me for it."

"Please f**k---"

Someone knocked at the door briefly before it was pushed open, a tiny gray-haired woman stepping into the room. "Constantijin, we have an emer---" Her sharp voice abruptly died down when she saw us, Constantijin still pinching my ni**les, my br**sts bared to her sight.

Tears stung my eyes at the shame and horror of being caught like this, and I tore myself away from Constantijin, scrambling off the table while covering my br**sts with my arms. As I hurriedly pulled my bra and blouse back down, I heard the older woman murmur a brisk apology before closing the door. I started crying at that. She sounded so...so used to this. Did he do this to every girl he fancied?

Nearly tottering in my heels as I spun around, I ignored Constantijin calling my name as I rushed out of the room, blinded by my tears.

I half-expected him to run after me, but he didn't. Well, that was telling, right? The tears fell from my eyes more furiously at the thought.

Alyx jumped to her feet when she saw me. "What the hell---are you all right? What happened?"

I almost gave my virginity to Netherland's #1 playboy, that's what. And now I was paying the price for it.

Nodding jerkily, I stammered, "Nothing."

But it was everything, and I woke up every morning, crying because I dreamt of him, of it, and I hated myself for being such a slut.

Then I received a call.

"Hello, Ms. Everleigh. This is Megan from Kastein Inc. I am pleased to let you know that you have been selected as part of the new marketing department. If you are still interested in the job, we would love to have you here tomorrow at nine in the morning. Your supervisor, Ms. Charli, will be waiting to give you a quick orientation."

Lesson #2

Don't make excuses.

If you decide to work for any of the companies that your billionaire owns -

You might as well say, "Seduce me, undress me, I'm yours."

Alyx and I went shopping for clothes for mourning - I mean, corporate outfits. If my job interview was anything to go by, my rainbow assortment of dresses and three-pieces would have no place in Kastein Inc.

"Are you sure the last skirt you bought won't violate your workplace's dress code?" Alyx asked laughingly after over two hours of boutique-hopping.

I sniffed. "I already gave up on my colorful outfits. They can't take away my minis, too." Hampered by paper bags, I turned to my side, intending to push the glass door of Luigi's open with my hips. Just as I swung my h*ps in full force, someone from the other side opened the door at the same time.

"Oh!" My heart jumped in fear as I felt myself crashing down, but a pair of hands immediately held me by the waist. I glanced up, an embarrassed smile on my lips.

My savior grinned down at me; his eyes twinkling as he carefully set me back to my feet. "Anytime," he responded to my silent apology. He was casually dressed in shirt and jeans and looked extremely delicious. Or at least that was what Daria would have said, since she liked the tall, dark, and handsome type.

I blushed at the unconcealed admiration in his eyes, flattered and uncomfortable at the same time. My parents sent me to an all-girls high school and persuaded me to enroll in a ladies' college as well. It was the same setup in our company, with me being surrounded by lady pharmacists and researchers from RandD. So trust me when I say all I knew of guys was what I got to watch from The Bachelor and Vampire Diaries, which - if you thought about it - didn't exactly make great reference material. I could end up with a vampire willing to trade me in for a million dollars if I wasn't careful.

"Thanks," I said with a little nod and quickly sidestepped him, dragging a smirking Alyx behind me.

"He wanted to ask your number, you know," Alyx said after giving our orders to the waiter. She had ordered salad and coffee. I had asked for the same - together with a small plate of fettuccine. Diet had never been a valid word in my dictionary. As far as I was concerned, it was a word made up by evil anti-pleasure monsters.

"Hmm." I made the noncommittal sound, busy snipping price tags so I could have an easier time calculating my expenses later at home. Both my grandfather and Alyx's were ex-military with Quaker backgrounds, and they figured very strongly in our childhoods. Add those two elements together and you got girls more comfortable shopping off the rack even though our credit card limits could afford a lot more than that.

While waiting for the appetizers, I told Alyx about the two other job offers I received from companies that were just as well-known as Kastein Inc. "One of them even offered me a thousand dollars on the spot as a signing bonus."

Alyx choked. "And you didn't take it?"

I chewed on my lip. "I really want the job at Kastein. It's my dream job---"

She smirked. "Plus your dream boss, too, with his dream dick---"

I choked on my coffee. "That has nothing to do with it."

But Alyx just crowed, "So you do think his dick is a---"

"No, I do not." Alyx still didn't know what happened or almost happened to us and how I totally had my walk of shame after my one-on-one with Netherland's #1 playboy.

Last night, I stayed up late just so I could Google everything there was to know about Constantijin. Wikipedia told me he was an Eton and Cambridge graduate and an only child. His father had long retired, but his mother was Chairman of the Board while he had taken on the mantle of CEO a few years back, personally spearheading the company's entry in the American market.

At thirty-two years old, what he accomplished for Kastein Inc. was mind-boggling. But what really filled me with shock and not a little self-disgust was how the names of his former lovers, hook-ups, and floozies could easily fill up a phone directory.

"Just be warned, Yanna," Alyx murmured. "Office romances never end right."

I let out an unladylike snort at that, unable to help it. Romance was definitely not something in Constantijin Kastein's vocabulary. Mind-blowingly hot sex, yes, but a grand sweeping romance?

He might have given me my first (mini) orgasm, and he might keep me awake with consecutive wet dreams, but he was not the Mr. Right I have been waiting for.

Lesson #3

Focus on looking for Mr. Right -

And not Mr. Fuck.

If your billionaire finds out, he won't let you go until he has you.

I am not going to look for Constantijin Kastein.

It was a mantra I repeated in my mind continuously when I made my way to the 34/F reception area of the executive offices of Kastein Inc. The girl behind the front desk, Megan, smiled at me warmly. She looked young and bubbly, but she, too, was dressed in black, and it was proof that I had made the right decision to shop for an all-black corporate wardrobe. In this office, any other color could probably get me tagged as Al-Qaeda or something equally horrible and to be avoided at all costs.

"Ms. Everleigh?"

"That's me. Is Ms. Charli in already?"

"Yes. She'll appreciate that you're early. Let me take you to her now." Megan escorted me to the very same conference room that I had the highest-lowest point in my life. I was already blushing the moment I entered the room, the same sense of shame attacking me when I recalled the older woman's look of shock upon seeing me in her boss's arms.

God. The memory made me feel like a slut.

Constantijin was nowhere in sight - not that I was looking or anything. Only one woman was inside the room, and boy, did she look scary! She made Vogue's Anna Wintour look positively warm.

She stood up the moment I entered, looking svelte in her black buttoned up polo, which was worn over a black-and-white striped turtleneck and paired with a leather-belted mini and black stockings.

The overall impact was phenomenal.

Wow was all I could think.

"Hello, Yanna. My name is Charli - without an E - and you will be reporting to me." Her voice was very, very cultured, with the slightest hint of a French accent.

She was terrifying. I was tempted to run away, but only the prospect of working in my dream job kept me in place. I shook her hand gingerly and winced at the tiny tremble in my voice as I said, "Hello, Ms. Charli. I'd just like you to know how excited I am to work for you and the company."

"Just Charli, ma belle."

I nodded dumbly and gratefully took the seat she indicated with a wave of her well-manicured hand.

"Now, you know what Kastein company is?"

"Yes." I recited what I learned from the Web, which was pretty much everything since I had a photographic memory. "It's one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and North America. It specializes in real estate and entertainment. Mr. Erik Kastein concentrates on real estate while his son Constantijin Kastein concentrates on turning books and mangas into blockbuster movies and TV series." I didn't want to sound like I was trying to impress her or anything, even though I really was. I just wanted to make sure she knew I wasn't taking this interview lightly.

"That's right. Magnifique," she murmured with a beautiful smile. "Now, we've hired you to be our marketing specialist."

I blinked. "I thought you were just looking for a researcher."

"True," Charli replied. "But your research will be both textual and on-field. The thing is, we're not really interested about where you've graduated, what your degree is, or even where you worked previously."

I straightened at her words, now even more confused.

"What we were really interested about was your ability to meet business talents with your main passion. And that's reading, no?"

It took me a while to adjust to her French, umm, verbal peculiarities. She said 'no', but what she really meant was 'yes'...yes?

I finally nodded. "Err, yes, I love to read."

Her face remained unsmiling as she asked, "But you can't write to save your life, no?"

The way Charli said it made me wince, but it was true. "Yes."

"And that's why we need you. We are not interested in hiring writers. They are often biased and egoistical, often unable to appreciate anyone else's writing over theirs. But you - you know how to judge books and writing without being a writer yourself and that's why we need you."

"I see." But I didn't.

"This is what you'd call a dream job, ma belle."

I jerked in my seat at her words.

The words sounded eerie, more like a curse than a blessing.

Charli leaned close. "Your main job is to know and if you could, predict, what the trend in the market is right now regarding these materials. You need to look for projects worthy of international viewership. You have a blog, no?"

The sudden switch of subjects made my head whirl a bit but I nodded again.

"And you review works, there, no?"

"Yes." Did she Google me too? How did she know so much about me?

"So I want you to do the same here, but only this time, you get heard." She leaned back on her chair and looked at me with her naturally green and incredibly sharp eyes. "You will take the job, no?"

"I'd be crazy not to," was all I could say.

Afterwards, Charli told me that I along with the two other applicants called back for a second interview yesterday had the same jobs. We would work as a team and individually, depending on necessity. The salary she quoted for me was standard pay in the industry, but she told me this could go higher in a short time, based on my performance. On the bright side, she did say I'd get free meals at work, excellent overtime pay when needed, and transportation allowance.

Mondays to Thursdays, I was required to report in office attire. Fridays were anything-goes. My work schedule would be from 8am to 5pm. No grace period. Oh, and one thing else, Charli reminded me as a post script - office romances were not allowed.

Deja vu struck me for the second time, and I almost shivered at it.

Constantijin was still nowhere to be found when I finally walked out of the doors of Kastein, Inc. My phone rang just as I reached the other side of the street.

"Hello?"

"Did you miss me, Yanna?"

Holy...

It was him.

Constantijin.

The whole world disappeared the moment I realized who I was talking to. People were constantly walking before me, drivers honking their horns, and there was even a construction crew a few feet away drilling into the cement, doing God knew what. But none of their noise reached my ears.

"Yanna?"

I still didn't know what to say so I stayed silent, secretly content to replay the sound of his voice over and over, especially the part where he said my name with that accented voice of his.

"I think about you all the time, schat."

What did that last word mean? I was so, like, Googling that after this.

When I still didn't answer, his tone turned from seductive to serious as he asked, "Why did you run away?"

Why didn't you run after me?

But I couldn't ask him that, could I? It would have been akin to, like, begging him to come after me. I said finally, in a stiff voice that required all my acting skills to carry off, "I don't think we should be talking like this anymore. I'll be working for you starting tomorrow. It would be inappropriate."

A long pause followed, one that made me anxious and tense even though I didn't want to be. I should hang up now. I knew that, but I couldn't.

"That's impossible."

I inhaled sharply at the words, conscious of the zing of relief that went through me and shamed by it. Oh, God, I was so pathetic. Sometimes, I was too stubborn for my own good. Constantijin Kastein was bad news. How many times did I have to repeat to myself that anything that had to do with Netherland's #1 playboy was surely going to end not just with a broken hymen but a broken heart as well?

My fingers tightened around my mobile phone. "I'm hanging up after this, Mr. Kastein. Please just---"

"I want to f**k you too much to stay away."

Holy. Shit.

I glared at my phone, wishing it was a blond gorgeous giant I was glaring at instead. With just those few words, he had ruined whatever composure I had. Now, all I could think about was how he had me on the table, devouring my br**sts, his erection jutting hard against my core, and me right now, soaking wet in the middle of a public street.

"Stop saying things like that," I said weakly. Lame response, I know, but right now? That was, like, the best I could dish out.

"Why not?" The purr in his voice made me tremble, something I was sure had people looking at me oddly if they noticed. It was still early in the day, with the sun sending golden rays all over the place, and yet here I was shivering with desire.

"We just cant. It's not...we can't, okay?"

He chuckled, and the sound sent deliciously erotic shivers down my spine. It was almost as if I could feel his fingers trailing my back, promising me pleasure a hundred times more intense if I finally let him take me.

"Yanna, we are already doing it, whether you admit it or not. And tomorrow, when you get to work, we'll be doing a lot more than this."

Lesson #4

Don't ask to be friends with your billionaire.

He'll think you're after the benefits, not the friendship.

In theory, first day of work should have been like first days in school. You had to feel your way around, meet new friends and frenemies, and figure out what you had to do to not be an outcast. But the thing was, I had never experienced first-day trouble, mostly because I tended to skip it altogether. By the time I did show up in school, Alyx and Daria had already smoothed things over for me. They were cool, ergo I was cool by association.

But obviously, that wasn't an option I had at work.

I took a shower early and chose a perfectly modest outfit for my first day - black blouse, matching slacks, and low-heeled pumps. My minis would be on hiatus until further notice.

Megan and Charli were already at work when I got to Kastein, Inc., making me vow to myself that I was not going to let my alarm snooze thrice starting tomorrow. Hopefully, double snoozes would be enough to have me arriving at work earlier than my superior.

When I got to the office Charli had directed me to, I saw the two other marketing executives she had told me about. My heart sank. One of them was Bottle Blonde. She had on a collared blouse as well, but unbuttoned way, way down to reveal more than an eyeful of her Ds. Next to her, I felt like I had br**sts the size of eggs. Robin eggs, even. Her skirt was way longer than mine, but they had mid-thigh slits at each side, and her legs looked endlessly long with her f**k-me stilettos.

Immediately, I thought of Bottle Blonde coming up to Constantijin in her getup and my heart constricted.

The last one to make up our threesome was George, a g*y Ivy League graduate who seemed to have a fondness for dorky-looking glasses and checkered shirts. I had noticed him in the interview, and he had the same combination on.

George and I smiled at each other. In an instant, I knew we were going to get along fine. Bottle Blonde and I sized each other up unsmilingly. Just as quickly, I knew we were going to be bitter frenemies for life.

The office we were given had light purple walls, a color that was very much easy on the eye. One side of the room was made of pure glass, providing us a breathtaking cityscape view. The left side of the room, next to the door which adjoined our office to Charli's, was lined with three cubicles. Each cubicle had a table, chair, and a waist-high file cabinet. Displaying immense diplomacy, George opted for the middle table to keep Bottle Blonde - or rather Arian - and me apart. On the opposite of the room was a huge worktable, which I assumed where we'd be doing our work as a team.

I looked forward to it. Not.

When I got to my cubicle, I found a Post-It note stuck on my LCD screen from Charli, asking us to review the latest projects of Kastein Entertainment.

Around 10 in the morning, Charli dropped by to check on our progress. By then, it became clear to all of us that we represented different categories. I was given the YA and romantic comedies, George was there for the fighting series like Naruto and Pokemon as well as yaoi. Yaoi or shounen-ai was an umbrella term for M/M stories. Apparently, Kastein wanted to capitalize on the Brokeback craze. As for Arian, she represented the adult chick lit genre, focusing on manga and Asian works that were along the lines of Bridget Jones' Diary and Erin Brockovich.

My greatest fear about the job was not being able to contribute, but as the day progressed, I gradually - happily - realized that this job was really meant for me. With my fluency in Japanese and Mandarin, I was able to obtain more information about the various series I could recommend to the company. I wasn't restricted to English translated sites but instead I could dig deeper into the blogs of both mangaka and their readers.

I was so engrossed with what I was doing that I hadn't noticed lunchtime had come and gone. By the time my stomach let out a loud growling protest that had Arian glaring at me and George chuckling, it was already three in the afternoon.

Big mistake, I could hear the ever-practical Alyx tutting in my head. Never show your boss you're having so much fun at work that you're willing to skip lunch. They'll come to expect it from you all the time after.

"Could you tell Charli I went out for a quick lunch?" I asked George as I grabbed my purse from the table.

George nodded, eyes glued on the screen. He seemed just as engrossed as I was with his own work. "I'll text you if she needs something urgent."

"Thanks," I said over my shoulder, already on my way out.

Arian and I did not look at each other as I left.

Yup, bitter frenemies it really was.

Employees of Kastein, Inc. had access to a private cafeteria in 30/F, which looked more like a hotel lobby holding a gourmet food fair. The staff was dressed in - you guessed it - entirely in black. One section of the cafeteria had cozy crescent-shaped booths while the rest had matching sets of steel-legged tables and chairs accessorized with the finest tablecloths and cushions, both also in black.

All of us had daily meal allowances. How much you spent depended on your job level. Right now, I had $10 to spend each day and anything I incurred more than that I had to pay out of pocket.

To take your one-hour lunch break, you need to clock out. Most people already had by the time the machine scanned my fingerprints. Overhead, a huge board showed a list of the initials of every employee working for Kastein, Inc. The light next to my initials blinked blue, which meant I was on a break. It would turn green once I clock back in or red if I didn't show up for work.

My eyes strayed unconsciously to the top of the board, where Constantijin's own initials were also on display.

Blue.

There went my heart, racing all the way to the finish line of utter emotional stupidity and winning first place.

The cafeteria was nearly deserted when I went through the swing doors. One table at the corner was occupied by giggling interns as they repeatedly looked over their shoulders.

Their subject of interest?

He had his back to mine, but the exquisite color of his hair was easily recognizable. I quickly turned around and walked to the Italian station, my heart torn between wishing he'd see me and wishing he wouldn't.

I asked for spaghetti with meatballs and iced cappuccino, waited patiently for my order because I was too busy trying not to think about Constantijin, and afterwards chose a table next to the windows, far from the giggling girls.

As I took a sip of my coffee, I took a very surreptitious glance at where Constantijin was sitting.

He wasn't there.

Disappointment made my shoulders droop and I took comfort by twirling a nice amount of spaghetti with my fork and feeding myself. Soon enough, the delightful taste made me temporarily forget about Dutch playboys and mini-orgasms. I closed my eyes, savoring the wonderful texture and spicy taste of my meatballs.

When I opened my eyes, Constantijin was seated across me, a familiar wicked grin playing on his lips, a glass of water in one hand. He was dressed in another pinstriped suit, charcoal gray this time, and one that also defined the broadness of his shoulders. His pale blue shirt underneath was partially unbuttoned, revealing a glimpse of his chest - the very same chest I was able to---

Aghast at where my thoughts were heading, I hissed, "You shouldn't be here!" Then I remembered where we were and who I was talking to and I added reluctantly, "sir."

He laughed when he saw me looking around nervously. I couldn't help it. I didn't want anyone to know - see - I was talking to him, much less sharing a table with him. It smacked of inappropriateness, the kind that could either get me fired or talked about in sly and hushed tones. Luckily - or unluckily, I couldn't really decide at the moment - no one was around and even the giggling interns were nowhere in sight.

Settling his glass down on the table, he said, "You certainly took your time coming here."

My eyes widened. He had been waiting for me?

When I didn't answer, a wry crooked grin touched his lips. "Do you do that deliberately?"

Frowning in confusion, I asked, "Do what?"

"Drive me crazy with your silence. You don't talk when most women would and you talk when I expect you not to."

When I didn't say anything, he sighed, "And you're doing it again."

Biting my lip, I confessed, "I'm not doing it deliberately. I just don't know what to say when I'm around you." It was true. I liked talking - a lot. But when Constantijin was around, I couldn't help getting tongue-tied, couldn't help being on my guard either because with just that first time we had met, he had so easily shown me how utterly weak my body was in his presence.

He leaned close, so suddenly I almost jumped in my seat like a frightened rabbit. "What?" I asked almost defensively.

"Why did you run?"

I blurted out, "Why didn't you run after me?" As soon as the words were out, I cursed myself nonstop. Shit. Idiot. Dummy. Why did I have to give myself away like that?

Incredulity shone in Constantijin's eyes, and I gazed back at him challengingly, warily. I tensed when he started to speak.

"Because I don't." His answer shouldn't have surprised me but it did, his voice implacably hard when he spoke those three little words.

"I want you, Yanna."

Still more than a little hurt at his rejection - because that was how it felt to me - I said stiffly, "Well, you can't have me."

His voice became seductive. "You and I both know that's a lie. But I don't want to force you. I want you to come to me willingly and I'll do whatever---"

Unable to bear hearing more because I knew they were all true, I cut him off desperately. "Constantijin---"

"I love it when you say my name," he breathed.

I love it when you say mine, too, I thought sadly. Too much so, and that was the problem.

I gazed at him, this time not bothering to hide the plea in my eyes. "I'm not in your league, Constantijin. I don't do one-night stands. I don't do affairs. I'm just...not like you," I ended helplessly.

"I know what you're saying, schat," he answered, and the way his eyes burned through me made me swallow. Oh God. His eyes told me that right now he was hard - had been from the start. For me.

Moisture formed between my legs in response.

Triumph blazed from his eyes. "But it's too late. The moment you walked into my office, with your pink suit and sunny smile - the way you talked to me without flirting, the way you entranced every man in the room without even being aware of it---"

His words made my body so heavy with desire I couldn't breathe. He was painting a woman I didn't recognize and yet the way he was staring at me so intensely told me I was her.

"I want to be inside you very badly, Yanna, and I will have you."

I wanted to look away but couldn't. His gaze had once again enslaved me, and it was all I could do not to lean toward him and beg for his touch. In a last-ditch effort to save myself, I said shakily, "Can't we just be friends?"

Without warning, I found myself being yanked forward from underneath the table, and I let out a soft gasp of shock as I felt his hand go under my skirt.

I stiffened.

"Sssh, darling, or people would know," he whispered.

I tried inching away but he retaliated by cupping my throbbing core, his hand large enough to brand every inch with his touch. "If you keep moving, I'll tear your---"

"I won't move!" I half-gasped the words out even as I glared at him.

But this only made his grin widen.

Then I felt his fingers going under the lacy fabric and my back shot up even straighter. "No, Con---" I bit back a moan when his fingers drew a straight line against my flesh, parallel to its folds, before he pressed his thumb ever so softly against the tiny nub of flesh that even I had never touched myself.

"Do you want me to make you come?" His teasing words were accompanied by movement from his fingers, its tips darting in and out of me but never really going inside.

Driven crazy by need, I actually found myself inching forward as if by doing so I could trap his fingers inside me. Oh God, what was happening to me? Constantijin Kastein was a stranger by almost all accounts. Yet here I was, craving his touch like an addiction I couldn't live without.

"Yanna."

"Yes," I whimpered.

"You have to promise to keep quiet, though."

I nodded, unable to say anything more because his fingers were moving again, going up and down against my sheath.

"Are you ready?"

"Ye---" My mouth parted in a silent scream of agonized pleasure because Constantijin had again taken me by surprise, sliding his finger in and out in a rhythm that made a huge shudder go through my body.

"Quiet, schat."

I nodded, gripping the tablecloth desperately with one hand as I did my best to prevent my body from meeting the thrusts of his fingers. I was so wet and crazy for desire for him that even this very first penetration of my body didn't hurt. If anything, it just left me wanting for more and more.

"Do you want it faster?"

I nodded, and closed my eyes when his fingers thrust in and out in increased speed, making me catch my breath.

"Harder?"

I nodded again, not wanting to speak. I was afraid that if I opened my mouth, I'd end up moaning my pleasure instead.

His fingers f**ked me harder and faster this time, and I nearly buckled in my seat when a second finger penetrated me. Oh, oh---a third finger? This was too much.

"Yanna." His voice was thick with desire now, almost guttural again.

I had to force myself to open my eyes.

"I want you to come now."

My breath hitched.

"I want you to come by impaling yourself with my fingers - get it as deep as you can inside you. All right, sweetheart?"

I could only gaze at him in muted desire.

"Say yes," he gritted out.

"Yes."

"Then do it now." And almost as if we had rehearsed this a thousand times, he shoved his fingers in just as I lifted my h*ps to meet his thrust. I bit my lip hard as I convulsed around him, aware of the wetness trickling out and to my upper thighs.

Dizzy with pleasure, I watched Constantijin take a handkerchief from his pocket and dip it in water. After a moment, I felt the cold touch of the fabric on my thighs. My legs parted on its own as Constantijin efficiently cleaned me under the table while his other hand drummed a lazy beat on the table, his golden gaze burning bright with satisfaction.

"You are right, sweetheart," he murmured when he pulled his hand away, seemingly satisfied with how he's cleaned me up. His lips curved in a knowing smile when he heard my legs immediately snapping shut the moment he withdrew his hand.

Still trying to keep my legs from trembling and wondering if I could actually walk a straight line after the very first orgasm I had in my life, I asked shakily, "I'm right about what?"

"This friendship of ours." He came to his feet in a fluid movement, utterly gorgeous and unflappable, not one bit of him betraying the fact that he had just gotten me into engaging in a public act of sex with him.

He smiled at me again. "I like this kind of friendship, Yanna. I look forward to more of it."

Lesson #5

Don't let yourself be rattled by your billionaire.

He'll see it as a come-on and find more ways to rattle you even more.

My weekend was spent lazing around in Alyx's home. She hadn't wanted to charge me for rent, but I had insisted. All our meals consisted of take-outs from nearby delis and fast food chains, since both of hadn't a clue of cooking. When she left Sunday to meet up with another set of friends, I quickly used the time to Google more information about Constantijin. I couldn't help it. He was already an obsession - but one I couldn't bear anyone knowing about.

Just this week alone, more photos of Constantijin came up, with a different arm candy for every event he attended. From the gossip rags, I also learned that he had left the country to sail with his friends, two other billionaires who were almost as gorgeous as he was. A famous celebrity paparazzi referred to them collectively as the Three Pussketeers. I totally agreed, even though the name also made my heart twinge.

God, I was pathetic. Any more of this and I was, like, so applying for some kind of hard casing for my heart. It had to be tougher to survive more attacks of seduction from Netherland's #1 playboy.

I came in as early as I could to work on Monday, but Charli was already ensconced in her ultra-savvy chair when I got to our office. She also had a new set of Post-Its stuck to our LCDs, and she was fast becoming like Donald Rumsfeld in that sense. In Woodward's State of Denial - I had this weird thing for political controversies and cover-ups - the author had revealed how Rumsfeld, who was still the Defense Secretary of the US then, would issue white sticky notes whenever he had new responsibilities and duties for his people. They called them snowflakes, and most of those sticky notes had been about the war in Iraq.

Glancing at my own set of snowflakes, I had to wonder what kind of war Charli was waging on behalf of Kastein Inc.'s.

My Post-It asked for a Power Point presentation for a manga series I could recommend which had the Big Three - romance, action, and comedy. And just because Charli had a lot of faith in us three - it said so in her snowflake! - we'd be presenting our recommendation to a small group of middle managers this very afternoon.

I buckled down immediately for work, which I found totally fun and challenging - a great combination that got my heart pumping almost as fast as it tended to do whenever Constantijin - shit, f**k, damn.

I'm not going to think about him, I'm not, I chanted to myself silently.

Determinedly refocusing on my presentation, I asked George, "Do you know how to import videos to Power Point?"

"Sorry, hun, not one clue," he answered right away.

Swallowing my pride, I asked, "Arian?"

She gave me a wide-eyed stare that I totally wasn't buying. "Not a clue either." Today, she was dressed in another come-hither outfit. You would think that guys would get used to her D-cups but no. As days passed by, George told me that Arian's fan club of lechers just seemed to grow and grow in number.

Her face was also perfectly made up, as always - the one thing that I secretly envied her for. I loved dressing up, but cosmetics? Not so much. Mascara, powder, and lip gloss was just about my limit while I had a feeling Arian even trimmed her nose hair. Whatever. Good for her.

At half past noon, I slipped out to buy an energy bar from the vendo machine, unaware that behind the tinted windows was a pair of golden eyes following my every movement.

The energy bar was yummy - but insufficient. I slid another note into the slit and punched the necessary button, but this time nothing come out.

"Oh, come on!" I couldn't afford any delays right now.

"Here, let me." Someone spoke from behind and a moment later, a dark haired guy was bending down slightly, rapping one fist on the side of the vendo machine.

The energy bar finally fell down and I grabbed it. Looking up, I was about to thank Mr. Fix-It for vendos but I ended up gasping instead. "You!"

He was just as surprised and then his lips formed a very pleased smile, one that had me blushing again. "You seem to make a habit of needing my help," he murmured.

It was the very same guy who had helped me out during the time I went shopping for work clothes. It was such a freaky coincidence that for more than a moment, I could only blink at him, wondering if he was Mr. Right.

Yes, yes, I knew I was totally jumping into conclusions - as far as Point A to Point Z in fact, but you see that was how it happened between my parents. Walter and Carole fell in love at first sight. They hadn't even spoken to each other. They had just looked into each other's eyes - and that was that.

Could this guy be the one for me?

Still smiling, the guy offered his hand and said, "I'm Drake Morrison, by the way." He seemed even taller and more handsome than I remembered, but with the same olive skin and light brown eyes.

"Yanna Everleigh," I returned shyly, shaking his hand. Upon releasing it, I said apologetically, "I have to go. I've got a presentation in three hours."

"Sure," he answered easily. "Break a leg."

"Thanks." When I turned around to walk away, I could feel his gaze following me. It made me extra clumsy and conscious, tripping on my own two feet as I reached the office I shared with George and Arian.

George raised a brow when I came in. "You look happy."

I quickly told him about Mr. Fix It.

"Oooh. A forbidden office romance is in the works then?"

His words made me think of Constantijin, and the memory was more than enough to wipe every good feeling I had about Drake. Deflated, I shook my head. "No," I sighed out. "Not for me." I might find Drake attractive but it was probably because his very obvious admiration of me was thrilling. But that was it. He didn't make me feel alive with just one glance and he certainly didn't make me hot, wet, and bothered all at the same time with a few words.

Three o'clock came sooner than expected and before I knew it Megan was taking us to another conference room, a bigger one, with a white screen already rolled down in front and a projector plugged in and ready for our use. The only lights in the room were directed towards the stage, leaving the rest of the room - and our audience - shrouded in darkness.

George was up first. He used an image slideshow for his presentation and because he was uber-creative, it worked for him even though Charli had specifically asked for a video insert. Arian followed shortly, and her PP presentation had a very professional video insert, the hypocrite!

Then it was my turn.

After a quick Sign of the Cross, I went up on the podium, clearing my throat several times. I spent a few seconds lettingto let my eyes adjust to the brightness of the limelight trained on me from the ceiling. It almost felt like I was talking to myself, which I liked just fine.

I knew that aside from George and Arian, Charli was there, too, as our supervisor. But I was totally clueless about the identities of the three other managers, and it made me nervous. I wished I had remembered to ask Charli about them before the presentation.

Taking a deep breath, I started on my presentation.

Why Hana Kimi?

Before you ask that question, let me share you a couple of things first. Slam Dunk, Boys over Flowers, and Coffee Prince are just a few Asian TV series that were imported to Europe and became such huge blockbusters with their niche markets. Fans loved the sport angle in Slam Dunk, the harem of beautiful-looking guys found in Boys Over Flowers, and the idea of a girl pretending to be a guy in Coffee Prince.

Hana Kimi has all of those so maybe the question should be, why not Hana Kimi? It was already adapted for a TV series in Taiwan and was an instant hit. With the right formula, I have no doubt that its success could be duplicated for a Western audience.

The series is about a girl who so idolizes a high jumper she once saw performing that she decided to transfer to the same school he's in - even if it means hiding her true gender to enroll in an all-boys' school.

In her new school, Mizuki - the heroine in the series - meets an entire cast of good-looking guys, all of them with potential to have their own storylines. As for the requisite twist, Mizuki actually becomes the roommate of her idol and crush Sano. You can just imagine the ba-dump ba-dump moments that it could create!

Another great thing about this series is that it has 23 volumes in total, and with English translation already provided by Viz Media. TV networks can then choose whether they want a short series and focus on their favorite scenes - or they can go long and maximize on the series' potential. It's all up to the client, but either way - it's a win-win situation for Kastein, Inc.

And then it was over.

It was the longest 15 minutes of my life, and my knees were still quaking underneath me. Someone flipped the light switch and suddenly, I heard people getting to their feet and clapping, with Charli even beaming at me. She was so sophisticated I never even thought she knew how to grin, much less beam!

Still a little dizzy at the realization that my presentation was indeed over and that I had survived, I quickly stepped down from the podium and relinquished my space to Charli.

Fanning myself with my presentation script, I let my gaze roam the room absently and froze when I encountered a pair of lazy gray eyes studying me with such intensity I found myself catching my breath.

Constantijin was here.

His unsmiling face made me nervous, but even so I couldn't help feeling gloriously alive just for seeing him. It was exactly like that ba-dump moment I was talking about earlier.

Unnerved by his impassive expression, I forced myself to listen to Charli, who was just thanking us three for the presentation and saying that all our recommendations were worth considering.

"Arian, your presentation was lovely, but next time I hope you add more statistical data - such as what Yanna shared about Hana Kimi's performance in Japan and Europe."

Ha! Take that, Arian!

"George, your presentation was also lovely but for now - please stay away from extremely graphic yaoi series. I don't think American mainstream audience is ready for it yet."

I gave George a thumbs-up, who was doing his best not to look disappointed.

"And Yanna, you did a great job. I can see how much passion went into your project, but next time, I do hope you have a better video to share with us."

Arian, you selfish girl, you!

Charli beamed again. "Since this went so very well, I'm delighted to tell you that you will be presenting the same recommendations to the executive managers next."

Her announcement, made out of the blue, had me gulping and I could see that even Arian was feeling queasy at the thought.

But Charli didn't seem to notice our silent panic. She thanked our audience, making a special note of Constantijin's presence. Apparently, he didn't have to be here at all.

Afterwards, the two other executives talked to us one by one. There was Martha, the finance department head and Lawrence, who led the production department.

At the end of the line was Constantijin. He took his time talking to George and Arian, never once glancing my way. It hurt and angered me, but I knew I couldn't flounce off like I wanted to.

When he turned his back on Arian, forcing the other woman to close her mouth and retreat, I gave him my best polite, I'm-not-bothered-smile. "Sir."

He didn't smile in return.

"I have a few questions about your recommendation." The curtness of his tone made me straighten. Oh God, was that why he seemed to be in a bad mood? Did he hate my presentation?

Constantijin was already leaving and I had to half-run so I could walk next to him but making sure I was lagging a few inches behind at the same time as a way of showing respect for his position.

"What questions do you have?" I asked nervously.

"Later," he answered in a still-brusque tone, which only made me tense even more.

He pulled me into his office, which actually had its own reception area. My eyes widened when I saw a familiar gray-haired woman sitting behind the table next to the door of Constantijin's private office.

She smiled when she saw me, utterly unruffled. "Hello, Ms. Everleigh."

"H-hi," I stammered, wondering if I could die right this very moment now. Oh God! How the hell had I managed to forget what happened between Constantijin and me and...and her?

"Yanna," Constantijin barked from his inner office.

Giving the older woman another embarrassed smile, I hurriedly went inside. God, what the hell was eating him anyway? Surely my presentation wasn't that bad?

"Close the door," he barked.

This time my temper was near to bursting. "You don't have to shout at me, you know," I muttered as I closed the door. When I turned around to face him, I didn't have any time to react.

Constantijin was on me in an instant, his lips taking mine in an open-mouthed kiss that sent my senses reeling. As he sucked on my tongue, I was barely aware of him twisting us around so that I had to walk back as he moved forward and forward. When I hit something from behind, Constantijin lifted me up and brought me down on his desk.

Releasing my lips, Constantijin pushed me down, leaving my legs to dangle from the table.

"What---" I tried to protest but his brooding look shut me up. There was something in it, something more than anger or frustration.

Then I felt him rolling my underwear past my legs and I yelped again, "What are you doing?"

"I saw you." He threw my panties away.

I tried crawling away from him, but it was too late. He leaned over me, his weight pressing down on my body and imprisoning me in place.

"You were flirting with that boy."

It took me a while to understand what he was talking about.

I gasped. "Are you talking about Dra---"

"Don't you dare say his f**king name in my presence!" he growled and bit my lip as if in punishment.

I groaned, not out of hurt but because I was even more aroused, his movement causing his rock-hard c**k to rub just the right way against my na**d core.

"Why were you flirting with him?"

This time, I understood what I had seen in his eyes earlier - what I now heard from his voice. He was jealous. Constantijin Kastein was jealous - because of me. It was stupid of me, I knew that, but somehow the realization made me happy.

I knew that him being jealous could mean nothing. It could just mean that he was extremely possessive, that he thought I belonged to him. But right now, I didn't care. Right now, all I could think was that he had to care for me - even just a bit - for him to feel so jealous and affected over an entirely casual conversation in front of a vendo.

"I wasn't flirting with him," I said gently. Inside my mind, I could hear Alyx making a tsk tsk sound, warning me against being too soft. Constantijin revealed a moment of jealousy and here I was thinking he cared for me. It was my hopelessly romantic side winning over my common sense, Alyx would tell me, but right now - I didn't care.

Constantijin's brooding look didn't go away, but his tone was less hard when he spoke. "Then what were you doing?"

"Just talking." I moved restlessly against his body, his c**k a pulsing temptation between my legs.

He bit my lip once more, but this time it felt more playful than punishing. "I don't like seeing you talking to another man but me, Yanna."

"Talking is different from flirting." I did my very best not to arch against him, but it was hard. He was unconsciously - or consciously - rubbing himself against me now, and it drove me insane - like his touch always did.

His hands clamped around my waist, keeping me still. "Promise me you won't talk to him again."

"I would never flirt with him," I said instead.

Constantijin glared.

It was totally unexpected, and he looked so beautiful and sexy, glaring at me with such obvious jealousy that I couldn't help it. I twirled my arms around his neck and kissed him.

He gasped against my lips as my tongue slipped inside his mouth, tentatively tasting him the way he did with me.

A chuckle vibrated against my body. "Are you seducing me, Yanna?"

"I think so," I whispered, nipping his lip as I did.

He groaned. "It's working."

I could hear a 'but' and forcing myself to pull my lips away from his, I asked, "But what?"

In answer, he suddenly pulled away. Ignoring my protest, he pushed my skirt up and buried his lips in between my legs.

I screamed.

"Yanna, ssssh..."

"I...I..." I screamed again when he licked me long and slow, and then harder and faster.

His tongue was a relentless force. I tried to keep quiet but it was impossible. I couldn't help moaning, twisting on the table as he kept licking me into an orgasm that I knew would cause my body to splinter into pieces.

"You taste so f**king good," he murmured between licks, which alternated between delicate and rough.

"Constantijin." It was all I could think of saying.

"Look at me eat your cunt, Yanna," he said in a roughly-voiced order.

I lifted myself up, resting on my elbows, my whole body shuddering at the blatant look of desire in Constantijin's eyes while he licked me.

"I want to see you come as I take you with my mouth."

That was the only warning I got before his mouth closed over my clit, sucking hard and long.

I cried out as I came, our eyes locked into each other as pleasure caused my body to shake uncontrollably.

Later, Constantijin took control again, cleaning me with a brisk efficiency that made me feel thankful and a little hurt at the same time even though I tried my best not to let him know that.

"You are mine now, understand?"

His English seemed to go to hell whenever he was feeling strongly about something, I realized. He was scowling at me, as if remembering about Drake. I scowled back at him, realizing that he was trying to manipulate me through sex.

"I'm not yours." And I wasn't - or at least I was 99% his, but he didn't have to know that. The one percent would remain mine, protected inside my heart until I could make him fall for me the way I was so obviously falling for him.

The words sounded silly even to my ears, especially after what just happened between us, and with me smoothing down my skirt. When I looked up, he was frowning again.

"Are you playing with me, schat?"

"No!"

Constantijin visibly relaxed at my obviously shocked answer. "I knew you weren't the type but---I don't understand why you are so against being mine. I can give you everything - anything you want." His voice lowered, the look he sent me under his lashes positively sizzling.

"No one can please your body the way I can, Yanna."

He was so arrogantly convinced of that it should have been a turn off, but my weak body reacted the opposite way. Instead, it found his words a huge turn on, my ni**les hardening into pinpoint pricks against my blouse.

"I don't deny that, Constantijin. But this - all of this, I'm not used to it. I need time." I needed time to harden my heart, to protect it if he ever did end up using and leaving me, but I didn't have to tell him that.

"Time." He repeated the word so distastefully I couldn't help but smile.

"Fine. I will give you this time you are asking for. But not too long," he warned darkly. "I am an impatient man and I hunger too much for you already. Only you have forced me to go through cold showers every night."

My heart blossomed at those words even though I did my best not to let him know how thrilled I was to hear that.

Over my protests, Constantijin walked me out of his office - past his smiling and still-unruffled looking secretary - and all the way to my office. Other employees who caught sight of us gawked, the questions in their eyes dispelled when Constantijin spoke.

"For your next presentation, I hope you can include a potential cast for the series. Include unknown and known actors - whoever you think will be best for the roles," Constantijin was saying.

I looked up at him suspiciously, unsure if he really meant what he said because that was a big thing he was asking of me. Yet all he did was smile enigmatically. When we reached the door to my office, he said, "I was right in hiring you, Yanna."

I practically expired in happiness at that point. It felt almost as good as the orgasms he alone could give me. Blushing because I was simply unable to keep myself from doing so, I said, "I'm just really happy to be with you, Mr. Kastein."

The door opened behind me just as I spoke the words out loud and suddenly I found myself the focus of two surprised stares - George's and Constantijin's.

Realizing what I hadn't meant to say, I stammered, "I meant, with your company." Oh my God, oh my God, why the hell had I said that?

Constantijin smiled, the brooding darkness in his eyes completely wiped out by my Freudian slip. "Understood."

He turned away and George and I stared at him silently. Even with his back to me, he still looked immensely sexy - too much so. When Constantijin was safely out of earshot, George said slyly, "Happy to be with you? Is that your subconscious talking?"

"No!" Or so I hoped.

Lesson #6

Don't play games with your billionaire -

Especially when it's a game he invented.

Alyx was literally rolling on the floor laughing when I morosely shared with her what happened today. Well, not about the part when I came in his mouth - God, my panties got all wet at the thought alone - but about the freaking Freudian slip that I made in front of George and Constantijin.

"You're supposed to comfort me," I wailed.

But that only made Alyx laugh harder, making me wish the living room had a bed of thorns for flooring instead of a soft blue-gray carpet.

"That is just so you!" she gasped.

"Yeah, yeah. Stop laughing!"

Alyx made a visible effort to rein in her laughter. "I'm good now," she said even as her lips quivered.

I launched my complaint immediately. "How am I going to face him tomorrow?"

"That's assuming you'll see him tomorrow," she told me.

Good point. He was the CEO, after all. He didn't have to be in the office every day. But - that was a bad point, too. It meant I wouldn't be able to see Constantijin and --- wait, did I want to see him? Did I really want this thing between us to continue?

Where was the old Yanna in all this, the one who yearned for true love and not for smoking-hot sex?

I lifted my legs up in the cushion, hugging them close to my chest in utter misery. "Oh, God, Alyx, I think I'm falling for him."

This was such a f**king cliche it wasn't funny - not funny at all.

Alyx's smile faded at my words. "Falling?" she echoed. "Isn't this just, like, a sexual crush?"

A sexual crush? I didn't even know such a thing existed! But now that I did - I thought about it real hard and shook my head after a while, even more glumly. "I don't think it's that."

Alyx sat up in the floor, a look of alarm on her face. "Look, Yanna. I'm all for you and your boss doing the dirty, but only if you're just in it for the sex. But if you think you're falling for him---" Her lips pursed in disapproval. "Drop it. You'll just get hurt."

"I don't think---"

"Try," she cut me off with a scowl. "Look for other hotties to hook up." She paused. "Like Mr. Fix It."

"But that would be like using Drake and I can't do that."

She grimaced. "You're too nice, you know that, right?" She said it like being nice was a disease and most times, it meant exactly that in Alyx's book. Ever since we were young, she had kept on scolding me for letting people take advantage of me because I was - like she said - too nice.

I shook my head. "I'm not. I'm just..." Falling head over heels for my boss, and that was my problem.

George was still throwing me sly looks when I reported to work the next day. I ignored him, of course.

I worked immediately on improving my presentation since the new snowflake on my monitor screen told me that our meeting with the executives was set for tomorrow. Again, my fixation on my work caused me to forget all about lunch It was already two in the afternoon when my stomach growled, my internal alarm clock for hunger.

The cafeteria was nearly empty when I got there, but my inner senses went haywire immediately, telling me even without seeing that he was here again. Still uncomfortable about how fast and hard I was falling for Netherlands' #1 playboy, I quickly turned around to escape.

But it was too late.

Constantijin was suddenly in front of me, as if sensing my intent to avoid him.

"Yanna."

I firmly repressed the lovesick sigh begging to be let out. Hearing him say my name with his Dutch accent was even more of a turn on now, especially when he looked at me like I was a lollipop he wanted to lick all over.

"Good afternoon, sir." Just looking at Constantijin made me feel restless, my body throbbing for his touch. Today, he wore a pale pink polo together with a pair of well-cut trousers, his blazer nowhere in sight. His clothes made his muscular physique even more apparent, and it was all I could do not to stare hungrily at his body, knowing that every inch of it was wonderfully hard.

Like his cock.

God, what was I thinking?

Constantijin's eyes shone with amusement, and I knew he had guessed correctly the direction that my thoughts had taken.

"Let's have lunch together," he said.

I quickly shook my head. "Oh, no, sir, I don't want to impose---"

He said very gently, "It's just lunch, Yanna."

The delicate tone he used confused me. Was he saying I was overreacting? Even more confused and not a little irritated, I nevertheless found myself following him to one of the half-moon-shaped booths.

He snapped his fingers and a waiter appeared at our side on cue, ready to take our orders. This was a self-service cafeteria, but I supposed rules like that didn't apply to CEOs. I opted for Japanese this time and he followed my lead, both of us ordering bento boxes and separate appetizers.

We sat at opposite ends of the booth. We couldn't sit next to each other, not when he was my boss and I was his employee. Also, we weren't a couple - yet.

I colored at my thoughts. Playboy, Yanna, playboy. Playboys like Constantijin didn't do the couple thing. I had to remember that.

The waiter returned not more than a minute later, our appetizers ready, sashimi for him and kani salad for me. I split my chopsticks just as he reached out for them.

"Oops?" I said with an embarrassed smile. Was I supposed to play damsel in distress with my chopsticks?

He laughed. The sound made my toes curl. Something about Constantijin Kastein enjoying my company - with my clothes on - had butterflies fluttering their wings in my stomach.

"Itadakimasu," I said, feeling shy all of a sudden.

"Itadakimasu," he said in return, eyes still gleaming with laughter.

We ate our meal in silence, and I did my best not to look like I was in the middle of another gastronomic orgasm as I enjoyed my bento box, which consisted of yakimeshi rice, chicken teriyaki, and miso soup.

Constantijin broke the silence with a casual question. "Do you eat sashimi?"

I nodded, surprised.

He deftly picked a slice with his chopsticks. "Here, taste it." His silver eyes danced with wicked laughter.

"Constantijin." I glared at him.

But still he kept his chopsticks-held salmon in the air, patiently waiting.

"What if people see us?"

"They won't," he said so confidently I looked at him suspiciously.

"Why not?"

"Because I had my bodyguards bar the door."

He what?

Constantijin murmured, "Now, please. Taste it."

I finally opened my mouth.

As he fed me the piece of salmon, which was delicious with its icy freshness, he said softly, "Next time, I'll be feeding you my cock."

Oh, oh, oh, why did this man always know exactly what to say to turn me on?

I took a mouthful of water after, trying to use the time to calm myself. "Constantijin, don't."

"Don't what?" he asked with such wide-eyed innocence it tempted me to smile.

"I still have a presentation tomorrow so please...no distractions?"

Constantijin said immediately, "I'm sorry. That slipped my mind. Are you nervous about it?"

Relaxing a little, I admitted, "Yes, kind of."

The rest of the meal - and the day - passed uneventfully, and tomorrow came even before I was prepared for it. Megan took us to yet another conference room, also larger than the one we went to before. More and more, I was beginning to realize that Kastein Inc. was all about presentation, considering the gazillion of conference rooms the company seemed to have.

This conference room could comfortably seat forty, but only half of its seats were occupied. Constantijin sat at the very center, in front of his team of executives, looking gorgeous, sexy, and utterly out of my league. It made me feel like I had only dreamt about the times I spent with him.

The order of the presentation was the same. When it was my turn, I virtually used the same spiel, only this time, my presentation lasted a bit longer because of the video and additional data I had included. Constantijin never took his gaze off me, but I could also see in his face that he was listening intently - even proudly. That gave me such a huge dose of confidence I became even more enthusiastic with my presentation, cracking jokes, and getting my roomful of executives to interact.

Afterwards, Charli took over and led the round of applause our audience gave us.

Then --- and this was really a surprise --- Charli had us come back on stage. Before I knew it, we had an impromptu panel interview about our series recommendations.

"The characters are kind of young," a male executive said. "How do you propose to attract adults, parents, and so forth, to watch it?"

That was a tough one. In the corner of my eye, I saw a tiny smirk on Arian's face. Grrr. That witch! "Well, I could have the advertisement for the teaser start with a line like 'Remember how it felt when you first fell in love'? Because no matter how old we get, we never forget our first love, first kiss, even our first heartbreak, no matter how much we try to forget it."

The crowd thankfully laughed at my quip.

I continued, "And that's what Hana Kimi is all about. Everybody likes to reminisce about those lovely firsts, and this series gives them that opportunity. Even better, it gives people with bad memories something better to replace them by."

The executive smiled. "Good point."

I wanted to look at Constantijin and see if he approved, too, but I dared not. Instead, I thanked the executive shyly and looked at Charli for confirmation. She gave me a thumbs-up sign.

Charli took over the stage again when the panel interview ended half an hour later. "Now, didn't I tell you I hired a great marketing team for us?" she boasted, and everyone laughingly agreed.

George and I happily hugged each other when Charli officially ended our presentation. Both of us looked for Arian to congratulate her, but we need not have bothered, not when she was already getting the best congratulatory message from none other than Constantijin himself.

Arian drew close to Constantijin as she spoke, her br**sts heaving with every deep-throated laugh she released.

"Oh my God, the bitch," George muttered.

I shook my head. "Not really. I mean, they're both single."

He looked at me like I was insane. "But you like him!"

I struggled with that. If George could so easily see through me, could others do so as well? Finally, I mumbled, "It's just a dumb crush."

Or at least I hoped so.

Tuesday to Thursday were peaceful and utterly boring, with Constantijin nowhere in sight. Through the office grapevine, I learned that he had to fly back to his home country for a get-together with his family.

On Friday, I took advantage of the no-office-attire rule to dress up in a black knee-length dress, made distinct by its high collar, bell-shaped sleeves, and scooped back. I felt like I had been neglecting myself lately - or at least ever since I saw Arian flirting with Constantijin and him not doing a thing to stop her.

Should he have stopped her? Did I have the right to care? I hated how I constantly thought about these questions and hated the fact even more that I didn't know the answers to them.

Allan, a guy from Production, actually wolf-whistled when I walked past him. "Looking good, Yanna," he said, leering.

I stuck out my tongue, wishing I hadn't been reared in a conservative ladies' academy so I could flash him the finger - especially when his exceptionally loud voice had everyone turning toward me.

Drake was there, too, and I slowed down when he turned to me with a smile. "You look beautiful, Yanna." Again, his eyes made no secret of his admiration.

Again, it had me blushing. "Umm, thanks."

"Hot date tonight?"

I quickly shook my head. "Oh, no. Just a night out with friends." I tried to think of something else to say but the way Drake kept staring made me want to hide under a rock. "Umm, I have to go."

Eyes twinkling as if he knew - and enjoyed seeing - how uneasy I felt, Drake stepped aside with a polite smile. "Have fun later."

"Uhh, yes, thanks." God, I was so socially awkward. I wish I could think of something wittier - nicer - to say to Drake.

Head down, still mulling over my social ineptitude, a pair of expensive handmade men's shoes suddenly blocked my path. My heart galloped, my nerves prickling in awareness because I knew who it was even before I lifted my gaze and met Constantijin's blazing golden eyes.

He was furious - and jealous.

My heart sang, but I quickly nipped that in the bud, telling myself it didn't mean anything. "Good morning, sir."

"Do you have a date tonight?"

This time, I totally lied. "Yes."

Before he could answer, I walked past him, heart beating even faster. When I got to my office, George took one look at my outfit and grinned. "Va-va-voom, baby!"

Arian just stuck up her nose.

Yeah, well, what-e-ver.

I grinned back at George as I went to my cubicle. "Alyx and I have a bridal shower to attend tonight." Then I giggled. "Or bachelorette party rather. Since I have a feeling it's not going to be a wholesome affair."

"Ooooh. You'll have strippers?"

"Yeah, probably."

Voice lowering, George whispered, "Won't Mr. Kastein have something to say about that?"

I slowly shook my head. "It's not his business."

Lunch time, I actually managed to remember to leave at exactly noon. George and I walked inside the cafeteria arm in arm, which was a good thing since I almost lost my balance when I saw Constantijin with Arian - again. My chest squeezed painfully when she actually took the seat next to him.

WTF?

"Gold-digger," George muttered.

"No." I had to say it. Even if I believed the same. I just had to say no. I had never liked talking about other people behind their backs. "She's just - I guess - she just likes him a lot."

George rolled his eyes. "I hope he's not stupid enough to fall for her."

I shook my head. Even I didn't think that. But still - what if he had sex with her? Would I be able to bear that?

An urge to cry hit me unexpectedly, and I had to look down, blinking rapidly to keep the tears from falling. It seemed so incredibly long ago since the last time I was in Constantijin's arms. Did he not like me anymore? I had heard about men blowing hot and cold. I understood it in theory, but the reality was so much harder than I expected.

"I'll bet you a hundred dollars he's into you, though."

I smiled humorlessly at George's attempt to comfort me. "You're on."

George's phone suddenly rang and he excused himself, leaving me all alone in my booth. I felt like a loser with a capital L and wondered if Arian and Constantijin were glancing my way. What if they were laughing at me?

The thought hurt, but I was the type to confront my fears head on so I forced myself to look up.

Constantijin was staring at me.

He shouldn't have been - not with Arian talking so animatedly next to him - but he was, and I couldn't understand the dark emotions in his eyes. His lips were compressed in a tight line, as if he was holding his anger in check. Was he actually mad at me?

Arian abruptly stopped speaking as her eyes bore through mine. I forced myself to look away. I felt the burning sensation of being glared at from my right, where Arian and Constantijin were.

I gulped. Oh, man! Arian as a frenemy was bad enough, but as an all out enemy? That was going to be hell.

"Thank God you're back," I exclaimed when George returned to our table. I stood up and dragged him with me before he could take a seat. "We have to go, it's an emergency."

"But I didn't finish my lunch yet---" he protested.

"Emergency," I gritted out.

With a sigh, he let me drag him out of the cafeteria. We passed by Arian's table as we did, and she was all alone, Constantijin nowhere to be found.

She smiled. It was a scary sight, and I had to force myself not to run from it. "Hurry," I hissed at George. Honestly, I felt like that black-haired ghost from Ringu was after me.

But just like that ghost, Arian was impossible to escape.

When we got to our office, Arian was at our heels. I jumped at the sound of the door slamming shut, feeling like I was suddenly trapped in a cage with a killer shark named Arian.

"Hi Yanna, George," Arian cooed with another smile.

I smiled weakly. George didn't. He was the blunt but polite type and had never bothered to pretend interest in befriending Arian.

"Could I talk to Arian privately?" she asked George sweetly.

George didn't even hesitate. "No."

Arian was obviously taken back but she rebounded quickly with a sharp retort. "You're not her keeper, you know?"

"Actually, I consider myself that," George returned coolly.

I was looking at them back and forth. Was I about to have a bitch fight in my hands? Clearing my throat, I said, "Arian, really, there's no need for secrets. Whatever it is you want to say---"

"Fine," she said cuttingly. "Let's not beat around the bush then. I know you've got the hots for Constantijin."

"No!" George and I immediately rejected.

"Stop lying, Yanna."

Oh. So she was talking to me. Drat.

Her eyes hardened. "I want to let you know that I only applied to this company because I wanted to be close to him. I've got first dibs on Constantijin and I don't like it if someone else has an eye on my man."

"Beg to differ," George interrupted, "but he's not your man yet."

"He will be." Arian smiled at me again.

I did my best not to shiver. It was a really scary sight, like a shark in Prada getting ready to make a meal out of me.

"You and I won't have any trouble as long as you don't mess with my plans." She looked at me, clearly waiting for an answer.

I knew I should have said 'no' because George was right. Whatever she felt about the situation, Constantijin wasn't hers yet. But see, I also had this weird conscience - one that never let me lie outright. Right now, I couldn't make myself say yes or no to Arian so when I answered, all I could say was, "I'll try my best."

George and I gazed at Arian as she sashayed back to her cubicle, h*ps swaying as if there were still men for her to dazzle.

George turned to me with a frown, asking, "Why did you give in?"

I shrugged.

"You should have fought for him," he grumbled.

I didn't answer, mostly because I couldn't bear admitting to him I didn't have a right to fight for Constantijin.

Constantijin didn't try to call or waylay me during or after work, which I told myself was a good thing. The bridal shower was fun and debauched - exactly as I had expected. When the strippers actually started, well, stripping, I knew I had to excuse myself. If I had to see a na**d c**k for the first time, I'd rather it be Constantijin's.

This was the uppermost thought in my mind when I left the hotel suite, so imagine my surprise when I came out and saw Constantijin across the hall, walking towards my way with a thunderous scowl on his gorgeous face.

He was mad as hell.

He was hot as hell, too.

"Who the f**k are you with in that room?" he snarled, his long-legged strides eating the distance between us in his seconds, his fingers wrapping around my left wrist in a punishing grip.

"Wh-how-I..." I looked at him in consternation.

"Answer me," he roared at the same time one of the strippers inside yelled, "I'm getting naked, baby!"

Okay, that sounded very bad.

Constantijin paled.

I was white-faced, too. All half-baked thoughts of making him jealous, of getting even with him for letting Arian flirt with him - all of those left me at the look of betrayal on Constantijin's face.

"I lied. I don't have a date. I'm attending a bridal shower," I confessed shakily, saying the words in a rush because I had a feeling if I didn't get them out in time he would leave me forever.

He inhaled sharply.

Unsure whether he believed me or not, I turned around and twisted the knob, intent on showing him the truth, but Constantijin suddenly said my name. And then he was twisting me around, his kiss forcing me against the wall.

Constantijin gripped my hair with one hand, using it to twist my head to the side so his tongue could penetrate my mouth further. I moaned when he started sucking on my tongue, my arms going around his neck on its own volition.

Pleasure unfurled inside my body like a long-lost dream. I couldn't help closing my eyes at the sheer ecstasy of being back in his arms and having him kiss me again. When he ground his erection against my body, I arched into him, wishing I could do more to mold my body into his.

"I thought you were f**king someone else," he said.

"I thought you wanted to f**k Arian," I muttered back between drugging kisses.

He lifted his head sharply at that. "I don't cheat."

"Me neither," I admitted and let out a moan when he bit my ear before letting his tongue swirl inside, licking the inner lobe.

"Never lie to me again."

"Never," I promised, meaning it, and was rewarded with a quick hard kiss.

"Say you're mine," he growled as he nuzzled my neck, his hands trailing down to cup my bu**ocks so he could grind his c**k more fiercely against mine.

I was. I already was. But was he mine, too? He was too mercurial for my sanity. I needed something more concrete - something more emotionally symbolic - before I could give myself to him.

I so badly wanted to ask if he was mine as well, but my perverse sense of pride didn't let me. Instead, I said, "I still need time." Rather, he still needed time.

He slowly pulled away, and his English was thickly accented and accusatory when he spoke. "It feels like you are making me go through hoops like I'm some puppet you are testing, training."

"I'm not," I protested instantly, looking at him straight in the eye, willing him to see how sincere I was.

Constantijin didn't speak, his arms falling to his sides as he let me go completely. I wanted to weep. I felt like I had gambled - and lost.

"It is how you make me feel and I don't like it."

Why was he so distrustful and cynical? Couldn't he see how badly I wanted him? Or was this all a ploy - a masterful one befitting Netherlands' #1 playboy?

Only a few feet separated us, but suddenly it felt like we stood at different ends of the world. "You are playing with me." He said it as if he was waiting for me to deny it.

I wanted to, but I didn't. He had to figure that out for himself. "If that's how you feel then there's nothing I can do."

Lesson #7

Never go to Vegas with your billionaire.

It's called Sin City for a reason.

Your hymen is totally at risk.

"Why do you always eat so late?" A grouchy voice asked as I wallowed in self-pity with my vanilla latte and giant slice of cheesecake. It was my sixth day of existing without Constantijin and if I had to be honest -

I wasn't doing well. At all.

He haunted me worse than any ghost could. He wasn't under my bed but next to me. He wasn't inside my closet but with me in the shower. He was in the worst places possible, and I couldn't stop thinking about him. I had a feeling I'd sell my soul if I knew there was a cure for this. Surely - surely these feelings weren't the kind that Walter and Carole shared? It was too...too sexual, too obsessive - too everything that was not romantic.

Thank God we had a three-day weekend coming up, with Friday a statewide holiday. I badly needed a break. Luckily, George had invited me along to enjoy an all-expense paid trip to Vegas he had won from a g*y social networking site.

"I'm talking to you," the grouchy voice continued.

I looked up with bleary eyes and almost spit out my latte. Oh God, it was her.

Glenda lowered herself on the seat across me, glowering. "That's all you're eating for lunch?"

Actually, I just lost my appetite. Cheeks flushed and mentally cringing at what she might think of me after what she had seen, I stammered, "I'm not that hungry---"

She rolled her eyes and - with her boyishly cut gray hair - I could imagine for a moment what Alyx would look like when she reached middle age. "Because of that boy?"

It took me a second to realize just who she was referring to as a boy. The redness in my cheeks deepened. "Of course not," I lied quickly.

"Bah! Don't bother. I know a smitten girl when I see one." With a shake of her head, Glenda asked, "What happened?"

Do I tell her or not?

It only took me a second to decide. By now, it should be obvious that I had a tendency to share everything with practically everyone. I confessed what happened in last week's bridal shower - well, the PG version of it at least - and ended with how Constantijin thought I was playing with him because I wasn't giving in.

"But I'm not," I cried out. The words came out louder and more passionate than I intended and I turned red again.

She patted my hand. "Hush, dear. Don't feel bad. You're not the first girl whose heart he's broken."

I said slowly, "If that's supposed to make me feel good---"

"You are not even the first one I caught fooling around with my boy."

I absolutely had no appetite now. "Ma'am---"

She smiled warmly. "Call me Glenda."

I didn't smile back.

She rolled her eyes again. "Oh, you! Stop sulking. You are special, dear. You might not be the first girl he's hurt - certainly you're not the first girl he's had sex with---"

I had officially lost my appetite for the entire week.

"But dear," she finished triumphantly, "You were the first one who made him celibate."

That got me sitting up in my seat, unable to believe what she just said. Constantijin was so sexual that what she was saying was impossible. Every time we met, all he could think about was sex. And fine - every time we met, I thought about it, too, but it was among other things.

Seeing the incredulity in my eyes, she gave me a sharp nod. "I know my boy. He uses sex as an outlet and these days, he's like a grouchy bear, snapping at every one." She said explicitly, "That means no sex."

Rubbing my suddenly aching head, I said, "I'm really glad you told me this, but...what should I do then?"

"It depends on what you want from him."

I didn't answer - I couldn't, not just yet, not when I was unsure myself if Constantijin was really the man for me.

~~~~

Friday, George and I arrived at our hotel around noon, thanks to an early flight. The accommodations included in George's prize were at a new boutique hotel. Small and classy but not as opulent as Caesar's Palace, it was nonetheless charming, --- a girly hotel even, with its lavender-and-cornflower-blue decor.

"I'm starving," I told George as he queued up at one of the check-in counters. "Check us in while I scout for food?" My stomach echoed my words with a growl.

George grinned. "You and your tummy," he said but waved me away, telling me to leave my luggage with him.

There was a restaurant across the elevators, and before its glass doors was a small pastry station. I hurried towards it, my mouth watering. Food never failed to comfort me. They were reliable, unlike Dutch playboy billion---

Stop it, Yanna. Stop thinking about him!

I refocused on the sweets. Oh, but they looked yummy beyond belief! Eclairs. Cupcakes. Tarts. Macaroons. Truffles---

"Looks good, doesn't it?"

I was not hearing that.

I was just not hearing that.

Heart beating madly, loudly, and erratically, I slowly turned around.

It was Constantijin.

His slight crooked smile didn't quite reach his eyes, which were intense and wary. Something ached in my heart at that look, making me realize he found this as nerve-wracking as I did.

"Hey," he said softly.

"Hey," I said back because Constantijin in jeans totally rendered me speechless with awe. Constantijin in a suit was breathtaking, but in jeans - he was magnificent, every iota of his sexiness magnified by his tight-fitting shirt and equally tight-fitting denims. One look at him and you couldn't help but think, f**k, f**k, f**k.

I mentally smacked my head against an imaginary wall. Stop thinking about sex, Yanna.

"Have you eaten lunch yet?"

I could only shake my head, still tongue-tied. Fuck, f**k, f**k. My mind was frozen at those words.

His smile turned into something real, and the sight of it melted the shell of pain that had surrounded my heart for so many days now. "You look great." His eyes lingered on the rather low neckline of my summer dress, and I swallowed, embarrassed but aroused at the same time when I felt my br**sts responding, feeling heavy and aching as my ni**les came to life. Thank God for padding or I was so going to show.

I heard myself asking, "Are you staying here, too?"

Instead of answering, he said, "Will you let me book a table for us? You're with George, right?"

I nodded even though I was a little confused at why he had to avoid my question.

He smiled, looking relieved, and that confused me even more.

He stepped forward, and I held my breath, wondering if he was going to kiss me. But all he did was lift his hand, knuckles grazing my cheek. It was all I could do not to close my eyes and rub my face against his hand like a kitten.

Constantijin said slowly, "I missed you, Yanna. More than I thought I would." And then he was walking away. It was a good thing he did. If he hadn't, he would have seen how a 24-year-old woman could melt into a hot, emotional mess.

Glenda was right. I was so, like, smitten to death with this guy.

"You are so f**ked."

I jumped, whirling around to see a grinning George, one trolley on each hand. I grabbed mine from him as he asked slyly, "Is that who I think it is?"

"Nope."

He let out a manly giggle, which drew looks from the other female customers ordering from the pastry station. I couldn't blame them. Even with his dorky glasses and stiffly ironed checkered shirts, he was hotter than hot. It was just too bad for the rest of the female population he was g*y.

"You are so going to pay me a hundred dollars," he teased.

It took me a long time to understand what he was talking about. "Oh. The bet, you mean?" I looked at Constantijin, who was a short distance away, talking to the maitre d.

Turning to George with a frown, I said primly, "This is just a coincidence."

George shrugged. "Whatever you want to tell yourself, hun."

"It really is," I insisted but quickly stopped speaking when Constantijin came strolling back. He greeted George warmly just as his arm went around my waist.

I raised a brow.

He raised a brow back, eyes gleaming.

Looking at us both, George's brows lifted as well. "Are you guys sure I'm still welcomed to this lunch date?"

Constantijin pulled me even closer. If I could get my eyebrow to arch higher, I would have. Did he not remember that office romances were forbidden in his company? Was he not worried about other people seeing us together? Had he not realized---

"Yanna."

Oh, that dreamy Dutch accent was so, like, going to be the death of me.

It took everything in me not to flutter my lashes at him like the totally smitten girl that I was. 24 years old and I wanted to flutter my lashes at a guy! That was the kind of effect someone as gorgeous and sexy as Constantijin Kastein had on me!

I cleared my throat. "Yes?"

"Stop worrying."

I bit my lip. "But---"

"Don't you know what people say about Vegas?"

George piped in, "I do."

Constantijin smiled, the secretive and wickedly playful kind that I loved so much it could actually make my heart ache. "Then please, George, do the honors."

My so-called friend gave me a solemn look. "Yanna---"

"George," I said warningly. I had a nasty feeling I wasn't going to like what he was about to say.

He said with sham innocence, "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."

Lesson #8

The way to an (ordinary) man's heart is through his stomach.

The way to kill a billionaire's erection is through his heart.

Lunch was such a shitty affair, mostly because George and Constantijin were totally determined to gloss over the fact that we were doing something completely inappropriate. Or rather - Constantijin and I were doing something utterly bad.

George kept cracking jokes throughout lunch and even though I was so very tense at the fact that Constantijin and I were staying at the same hotel, I couldn't help laughing at all my friend's quips. I had to give it to George. When he wanted to be funny, you better be ready to double over.

Constantijin was just as bad - in a different way. He took every chance he could get to flirt with me, tucking my hair behind my ears, holding my hand underneath the table, and he kept looking at me like he was dying to get me behind locked doors and have his wicked way with me.

Between the two of them, I totally felt like I was trapped in some kind of kinky Twilight Zone and I was being set up to lose my virginity this very night. A crack in our perfectly flirtatious world appeared when the waiter returned with our orders. George had his usual clubhouse sandwich and juice, Constantijin had ordered some kind of Greek soup, while I had my very own feast - and I meant that, like, literally.

When I saw the laughter in his gaze as he took in what I had ordered, I said defensively, "I didn't get to have breakfast!" And it was true - technically. I mean, a tiny bowl of cereal was not really breakfast, right?

He threw his hands up in surrender. "I didn't say anything!"

As he took a spoonful of his soup, I couldn't help comparing it to my plate of salad, barbecued chicken in java sauce, large helping of mashed potato, coleslaw, and a healthy serving of cream of mushroom.

"You can't seriously be eating just that?" I burst out, seriously upset. I felt such a pig next to these two.

Constantijin appeared surprised at my outburst. "I already had breakfast and lunch so this was the only thing that appealed to me." Then he smiled. "But don't mind me. You and George enjoy your lunch."

"Don't mind if I do," George said, who was already on his second sandwich.

I so envied him.

Constantijin frowned. "Is anything wrong?"

"I think I've lost my appetite," I lied glumly even though my stomach immediately let out a silent but tangible grumble of protest.

A look of disappointment crossed over his face. "Don't tell me you're one of those girls who can't eat in front of a man."

I made a face. "You've seen how I eat."

"Then what's the problem?"

"It's because you're eating too little," I admitted helplessly. "You make me feel like a glutton--" I stopped speaking at his grin.

"Is that the only thing bothering you?" At my mournful nod, he said, "Will it help then if I told you that on the way here I went for a drive-thru and ate two Big Macs? And for breakfast, I had double pancakes and a hash?"

I thought about it and finally smiled. "Yes." I picked up my fork and knife again.

Constantijin burst into laughter, and so did George.

"What?" I wailed, but I was smiling, too, mostly because it had been a long time since I saw Constantijin acting this carefree.

After our meal, the three of us agreed to meet by the pool an hour later. Or rather, George and Constantijin made the arrangements and I sort of found myself nodding in agreement. But all my doubts returned in full force after Constantijin walked us back to our suite.

"I'll be a hundred dollars richer by the end of the weekend," George crowed.

"He's just flirting with me," I said, trying not to let George's optimism get to me. "It's nothing serious. He doesn't have anything to do, doesn't have anyone to talk to---"

He snorted. "Do you really expect me to believe that? One: he's a billionaire. Why is he spending his vacation here in Vegas when he could have afforded to go to Ibiza, Maldives - or even the freaking North Pole?" He flicked his second finger. "Two: I'm not blind, Yanna. I've seen how he looks at you. If I hadn't been there, I wouldn't have been surprised if you two had totally played footsie---"

I tried my very, very best not to blush.

George let out a strangled gasp.

I so totally failed.

"OMFG, you did that already, haven't you? You are so bad!"

"It's not what you think," I protested even as I blushed harder at his sly gaze.

George doubled over in laughter. "Oh, you so did." Wiping tears of amusement from his eyes, he murmured, "He likes you, Yanna. Trust me."

I threw myself on the bed, bouncing on my back as I did. "You don't understand, George. Have you forgotten who he is? Alyx told me he's Netherlands' #1 playboy."

"So?"

"He's one of the Three Pussketeers."

"So?"

I growled, "He can't be serious with me, that's so!" Peeking at George, I was shocked to see that he didn't appear worried at all.

"Yanna," he said patiently, "that may all be true, but it just means one thing. You simply have to work harder to make him serious with you."

Easier said than done, I thought with a silent grumble as the two of us went down to the poolside half an hour later. He was Constantijin Kastein - a man who might as well have descended from Helen of Troy, with a face that could launch a freaking thousand 747s. And I was just Yanna Everleigh, a twenty-four year old hopeless romantic who had been recently introduced to the illicit pleasures of (almost) sex.

If someone was going to do some convincing, it would no doubt be Constantijin, tempting me to forget all about my inhibitions and just give my virginity away like a freaking lottery prize.

It wasn't hard to spot Constantijin even with all the bare-chested men around. You just had to follow the trail of sighs, giggles, and whispers and there you have it - Constantijin, wearing a pair of black board shorts that rode sinfully low on his hips. His abs, the muscled V that tapered down under his board shorts, and the chiseled perfection of his face---

Oh my God, if I wasn't a die-hard virgin, I would have begged him to take me.

Leaning against the bar, elbows propped on the counter, Constantijin scanned the area with obvious impatience. I jerked when he suddenly turned towards my direction, as if he had some sort of sixth sense when it came to my presence. It stole my heart, it really did, and it successfully eroded my No to Relationship-less Sex beliefs by another inch.

His eyes burned bright as he stared at me head to toe, his gaze moving ever so slowly like a visual caress that had me shivering in my modest two-piece.

We met halfway, and Constantijin's arm immediately curved around my waist, the possessiveness in his hold unmistakable. I was thrilled at his touch, more so when he whispered to my ear, "You look so f**king hot I want to lock you in my room so I can take you for days."

Same here, I thought with a secret grimace. So totally the same for me, especially with all the women around us staring at him with unconcealed lust.

We walked toward the nearest available lounge chairs, George occupying one while Constantijin joined me on mine. As George started chatting with the guy next to him, I could feel Constantijin's gaze follow my every movement.

"Allow me," he said huskily from behind when I took out a bottle of suntan lotion from my bag.

"Constantijin." It was a very weak protest and we both knew it.

He didn't bother answering. I heard the clicking sound of the bottle's lid being opened, the squirt of lotion being released, and then suddenly his hot hands were smearing the cream all over my back.

Even though he was kneading the muscles in my back beautifully, like an expert massage therapist, I couldn't make myself relax. And when I felt his fingers touching the undersides of my br**sts, I couldn't help it. I instinctively turned around and slapped his hand away.

"What the---" Constantijin glowered at me. "I swear, Yanna. What is it with you and your tendency to slap?"

"It's your fault," I burst out. "You keep taking me by surprise."

"Can't you say 'oh my God' like a normal girl?"

I flushed. "Well, sorry if I'm not like those normal girls---" I coughed 'bimbos' under my breath. "---you date." I got to my feet, more than a little mad, hurt, and jealous at how he had so unfavorably compared me to his battalion of former lovers.

"Yanna, come back here," he gritted.

"Never," I muttered, stalking off.

"Yanna, I'm warning you---"

"Sorry, you're not my CEO right---" I let out a shriek as I found myself flying and hitting the water a few moments later. I came up thrashing. Gasping for breath, I couldn't believe someone as supposedly well-mannered as Constantijin Kastein had actually pushed me into the pool.

I whirled around at the sound of his laughter.

"You---"

He laughed harder.

My rage died at the look of genuine amusement on his beautiful face. During the times I was able to watch Constantijin unobserved at our workplace, he was always charming and beautifully mannered, soft-spoken and smiling. But I had never seen him this happy.

Oh, oh, Lord. I was so in trouble with this guy. He made me want to protect him and care for him, which was a ludicrous idea considering he was a foot taller than I was, heavier by a stone, and billions of dollars richer.

"Yanna?" Feeling the movement of water as he walked towards me, I twisted my head around in askance and his lips immediately caught mine. Ah. My Dutch billionaire had gotten the better of me again. I gasped against his lips, but that only made Constantijin chuckle before deepening his kiss. The kiss was hot and wet, a carnal encounter between our mouths that had me silently moaning and wishing we weren't in such a very public place.

I could only stare at him by the time he lifted his head, shocked at how my body still ached for his touch even though I could feel the pointed glares of other women around us. I couldn't blame them. If I were in their shoes, I would have been envious after such our extreme bout of PDA.

But Constantijin didn't seem to be aware of how every woman within five meters was stared at him hungrily. He only had eyes for me, and that, too, was effective in eroding my inhibitions by a few more inches. If I didn't put a stop to this, I could find myself raping him in the end.

His eyes blazing with need and desire, he said, "Let's swim, Yanna."

Oh, let's, especially when he said the words like he was saying "let's f**k" instead.

Only a few couples were in the water with us, and all of them occupied the shallower end of the pool. Constantijin started to laugh when he saw me clutching the sides of the pool the moment we reached the five-foot mark.

"Don't you know how to swim?"

"I do," I said haughtily. At his knowing look, I grumbled, "But I don't know how to float."

He laughed harder. "You are too adorable for words, schat."

I rolled my eyes. "Adorably pathetic, you mean?"

He grinned but said nothing. I watched him shake his head a bit, fascinated at how several locks of his hair showered droplets of water on his broad shoulders. It made me want to lick every drop until he was dry and dripping for another reason.

I closed my eyes. You are such a bad girl, Yanna.

When I opened my eyes, he was smiling at me, "Yanna, hang on to me so we can go further?"

Blinking rapidly at what he was suggesting, I stammered, "I...I..."

"Come on, it will be fun." And then he was slowly pulling me away from the edges. I thought he meant I should ride piggyback style while he floated for us both, but apparently he had something else in mind - something that had me aroused again in seconds.

Constantijin took me in his arms, arranging my legs around his waist.

In my mind, I heard my imaginary version of George chortling. What happens in Vegas - stays in Vegas.

This time, I totally agreed with him.

Constantijin gazed at me challengingly, as if waiting for me to protest. When I put my arms around him instead, moving close so that my br**sts brushed against his chest, he sucked his breath in shock.

The look in his eyes was pure heat, and I wrapped my legs around him more tightly. It made me shift against him, and his c**k rose against me, demanding entrance past the tiny blue triangle that served as my bikini bottom.

"You're so close to being f**ked," he whispered.

"Am I?" I whispered back, drunk in the heady sensations that his body, his touch - his very presence evoked. My voice actually sounded a bit slurred when I spoke. Oh, yes, I was so drunk - intoxicated with the passion that never failed to erupt between us.

I wriggled my h*ps under the water, biting my lip when I got what I wanted, his c**k practically pushing against my core.

His eyes widened, and his warning came out unsteady when he spoke, his fingers digging hard in the softness of my butt. "Yanna. Stop playing with fire."

So, so drunk, I thought, still caught in a sensual haze of his doing - and mine. There was no need for wine. I just had to look at Constantijin's nearly na**d form - be overexposed to it for more than five minutes, and I was totally undone.

Just this one night, I promised to myself. Surely in this century my unknown Mr. Right wouldn't care that someone else had taken my virginity? If he did, then he wasn't Mr. Right, after all.

Constantijin's gaze was trained on my br**sts, which bobbed in the water every time I moved.

Giggling, I bent lower towards Constantijin, wanting him to see more.

Oh, God, I was so, so drunk.

His face darkened with desire, his fingers cupping the undersides of my butt as if in reflex. "Yanna, don't."

"Don't what?" I fluttered my lashes at him.

His eyes narrowed. "Don't start something you can't - won't - finish."

I dropped the proverbial penny. "Who says I won't?"

Constantijin had hauled both of us out of the pool in seconds and I found myself being literally carried away.

"Constantijin," I gasped, totally not drunk anymore as I could feel everyone around us gaping. Someone - George probably - even whistled.

He didn't answer, striding purposefully toward the nearest elevator. It opened almost on cue when we reached its doors, and he stepped inside, still carrying me in his arms. Constantijin didn't seem to notice the increasing number of wide-eyed looks going our way but I did.

"Let me down," I hissed, trying to struggle out of his hold without being too obvious about it. My heart beat madly all the while, an instinctive response to the deep and burning passion that Constantijin was visibly struggling to hold in check, his body positively vibrating with sexual tension.

"Stop moving or I swear I'll take you right here," he gritted between clenched teeth.

I stilled.

"Do you know," he asked in a guttural voice that made his words almost incomprehensible, "how much I've been thinking of you - how I can't get to work the moment I let my mind be completely consumed of thoughts of your hot little body?"

I was so, so wet by the time he finished speaking.

One part of me questioned what I was doing. What the hell did true love have to do with all this? But the other part of me was rejoicing in my decision, of finally being free from all the inhibitions and just being able to indulge.

Did Vegas do this to me - get rid of my inhibitions all at once so I could finally know what it was like to have sex with Constantijin? Or was it that my subconscious had only been waiting for a scapegoat, and Vegas was exactly that - a reason to excuse the inexcusable?

In the end, it didn't matter.

I wanted him. He wanted me.

Constantijin took me to his room, which was - unsurprisingly - the hotel's penthouse suite. But I didn't really have time to look around, not when Constantijin was kissing me wildly the moment we entered his room.

His kiss sent my head reeling again, so much that I couldn't breathe, couldn't think, and totally hadn't a clue about what I should do. "Wait," I gasped against his mouth, close to panicking.

"Relax," he muttered as his mouth descended, leaving little kisses on my neck as he did. "Let me take care of everything."

And then the phone in his room rang. It was hard to ignore, but both of us did our best. It let out a loud beep, followed by a familiar tone that told me the call had been transferred to his voice box.

"Baby, it's me, Selena. I heard you were in Vegas? I am, too. I'm na**d and hot---"

Buzz kill was the polite word for it as Constantijin sprang from me, cursing in Dutch - or at least I thought it sounded like cuss words - and stalking towards the phone. He tore it out of its sockets and threw it on the cushion. One part of me was taken aback by the rage in his actions, but another part of me was coldly indifferent to it.

Too freaking late, my Dutch playboy billionaire.

Just too freaking late.

He turned to me, hand outstretched. "Yanna---"

I avoided his touch.

His eyes darkened. "Don't. You know you can't blame me for her call. I hadn't had sex with another woman since I met you."

I hugged myself hard. "It doesn't matter."

"It f**king matters, and you know it!"

He was shouting. Wasn't I supposed to be the one shouting here? "We're just not a good thing together," I mumbled. Confusion, pain, and anger blended into a pit of darkness inside me, drowning my heart, and making my body feel numb.

"Yanna, you know you're being unfair. You know that."

I bit my lip hard to keep myself from my crying. "I know."

"Then let me---"

"You worry me. You scare me." Constantijin's face was pale by the time I finished speaking. But now that I had started, I realized I had to let everything out - as usual. Just because he was Constantijin Kastein didn't mean it was always going to be different with him.

"We're too different. You think about sex all the time. You make me think about sex all the time when I never even wanted to..." I forced myself to continue. "I never even wanted to touch myself before you."

Poor Constantijin.

He looked more than shocked. He looked sick now. Was he thinking he had a lucky escape - that he had almost had sex with a basket case? Sex was nothing to him and here I was, practically having an emotional breakdown before him.

"What do I have to do to change your mind?" He was asking the question, but he wasn't really asking it. You got what I mean, right?

But I gave him my answer anyway, never mind if I knew he didn't really care at this point. Everything about Constantijin right now told me so. The impassive look on his face, the stiff stance of his body - everything about it screamed 'I don't do complications'.

"Court me." Walter did that for Carole. Walter - the kindest man I had ever known, my father, the one man I looked up to, and the man Carole once described as the doctor who had affairs with nurses in every major hospital in the world he had been invited to visit.

Constantijin's eyes widened.

"Make me feel you want me - just me." I gave him a sad smile, my words halting as I spoke the truth. "But that's not your thing, right?" Constantijin would think this was another power play. It wasn't, but I couldn't blame him for thinking that way.

And he said equally slowly, his words like the final nails burying my heart six feet deep, "No. That's not my thing."

He walked me to my room after that, neither of us speaking.

Any time now, I whispered to myself. Anytime now he'd look back and realize he was about to do the greatest mistake of his life, that things could be so great between us, that I was worth chasing after---

We reached my door, and I opened it ever so slowly, waiting for something I knew was becoming more and more impossible. Say something. Please say anything so I can do something to salvage this.

I stepped inside my room, and when I turned around to thank him he was already walking away, killing all my futile hopes in a heartbeat.

It was the last I saw of him for the weekend.

