Chapter One

"The first thing you need to do in Vegas is get laid."

Zoe Ambrose choked on a gulp of water. Her sister-in-law, Melanie, pounded her on the back. "Cough it up!"

With the way Melanie was hitting her, Zoe would be lucky if all she coughed up was water. "Stop," she gasped before leveling her sister-in-law with a quasi-stern look. "That's your advice: get laid? This conversation is quickly going the way of cliched romance novel opening."

"You say that like it's a bad thing."

Zoe glanced up at the ceiling, then back at Melanie. "It's not, but-"

"No buts."

"Can I at least get a name first, or maybe something even crazier like dinner?"

A smile touched Melanie's lips. "Well, you could gamble at the blackjack table first and hope that a hot guy would show up to teach you the finer points of betting."

Zoe snorted. That was her sister-in-law's response to everything. Okay, so maybe not to get laid or go gambling. But to do something outrageous. Well, outrageous to everyone who wasn't Melanie. "I'm already taking a gamble with my luggage getting lost since I have about five thousand layovers. And don't even get me started on earthquakes. It's always earthquake season there. You can't plan a trip around one," she said, setting her bottle of water in the cup holder. "Did I mention I'm seriously scared of earthquakes?"

"The last one you were in was years ago and it barely registered much less made the evening news," Melanie said, hitting play on the radio. The perky vocals of a unicorn singing about rainbows and magical carpet rides filled the minivan.

"Yay," SmithAnn shouted from her car seat in the back.

Zoe turned and smiled at her niece. She grabbed a shoeless foot and tickled the bottom. The little girl was the spitting image of her mother, with curly blond hair and warm brown eyes. A sprinkle of freckles danced across her nose as she wrinkled it and squealed with glee.

The usual longing for a family like her sister-in-law's hit Zoe hard and fast. She nibbled her bottom lip and bit back a sigh.

Slowly, Zoe turned around, adjusting the sunglasses perched on her nose. Miles and miles of cloudless, eastern North Carolina skies filled her vision as she looked out of the passenger side window. So blue, so much like-no she wouldn't think of that right now. Or at all.

She shifted her attention to the road and frowned. The Johnsons' florescent green mailbox seemed a lot closer to the road than it usually was. Her eyes rounded. It wasn't closer; the minivan was practically off the curb.

"Holy crap," Zoe shouted, her hands braced against the dash. "Mailbox."

Melanie jerked the minivan to the left, narrowly missing the opportunity to scrape a racing stripe down the side of her vehicle. SmithAnn let out a high pitched shriek of laughter.

"Anyway, what do you think of my suggestion?" Melanie asked, her voice calm despite their near crash.

"I think you're the woman my mother warned my brothers about," Zoe muttered, mentally peeling herself off of the ceiling. She adjusted her seatbelt, pulling it tighter.

"Please. I am the woman your mother constantly warned your brother about. Proud of it, too."

And that's why Zoe loved her sister-in-law. Melanie was daring, bold and didn't care what other people thought of her. While Zoe tried very hard to be good, to be responsible. To be perfectly boring while writing novels that, according to her mother, were "scandalous" because they contained s-e-x scenes. Why her mother spelled the word instead of saying it made no sense to Zoe.

God only knew what her mother would say (or spell) if Zoe revealed that the villain of her series was her favorite character to write, and that the heroine was secretly in love with the deliciously evil Dimitri while settling for the straight-laced Joshua.

"We're here," Melanie announced, parking the minivan by the curb.

Zoe kissed her niece good-bye, exited the passenger side, then headed to the back of the minivan to get her luggage. Melanie ambushed her, grabbing Zoe's shoulders and looking her right in the eye.

"Promise you'll let loose and have fun. Do the whole book signing and boring meetings while being respectable Zoe. Then go lock her in a closet and be a newly single woman with a rockin' body who's looking for a man. Or five."

Zoe kept her mouth closed as Melanie continued talking. The quicker Melanie got her speech out of her system, the quicker Zoe could get to her gate.

"Promise me." Melanie gave her a little shake.

She let out a heavy sigh. "Fine."

"Say the words."

"Aggravating sister-in-law."

"Up-tight best friend." Melanie hugged her, then sent her off with a smile. "Remember, do talk to strangers. Especially if they're hot and male. If your normal response would be to say nothing, then do it anyway. Oh, I slipped a bikini in your carry-on."

Zoe lifted her hand in the air, giving Melanie a backwards wave. "Love you."

"Don't ignore me!"

"Can't hear you."

The automatic door closed in behind her, or at least tried to. She glanced over her shoulder, watching as the metal and glass smacked her luggage again and again. Holland Springs' tiny airport could really use some updating.

So could she.

Usually she was the luggage, letting life happen to her. At the next opportunity, she pulled her luggage free, straightened her shoulders and marched to security. It was time have a firm grip on her life, where she was going and what she'd do next.

Then she turned around. Flight check-in was to the right of her, not the left.

***

Christian Romanov sat in the music room of his father's mansion, staring at the massive antique chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Sunlight filtered through the hand-cut crystal pendants, casting rainbows along the walls and hardwood floor. It had been his mother's favorite. His father considered it an eyesore but there had been a story attached to it. One that involved Very Important People. Therefore the chandelier remained.

Unlike his mother. Or Christian for that matter.

Closing his eyes, he spread his fingers and slid them along the black and white keys of the Borgato, coaxing a soft tune as his agent, Martha Alfred, hit her stride, shouting at him over the phone.

"Your career is about to go the way of the Dodo once the press learns about this expensive, not to mention illegal, little habit. There are pictures in my inbox. Do you realize that if these are leaked, or discovered by anyone who isn't me, you will become uninsurable? No financier will touch any film you're associated with and-"

"Like I've told you before, it was years ago," Christian said. Besides, he was wealthy enough to finance his own damn movies. "And I've been very honest about my past with the press and you." For the most part anyway.

Martha harrumphed. "The date stamp on all seven read January of this year."

"Impossible."

"So you keep insisting, but these look legitimate."

Nearly a year had passed since he'd last touched any illegal substance. It hadn't been one incident that led to him go cold turkey, but rather a string of waking up without a clue as to where he was and what or who'd he done the night before.

Simply put, he'd had enough.

He stopped playing and opened his eyes. Unfortunately, that wouldn't be enough to convince anyone that the pictures really were half a decade old. He would look like the biggest hypocritical ass, not to mention liar, to ever walk the planet if they went viral, since he was slated to be the newest spokesman for Back To School.

The organization was endorsed by M.A.D.D. and D.A.R.E. In addition to those heavy hitters, an anonymous donor financially supported the effort B.T.S. made to get teens off the streets, off of drugs and/or gangs, and firmly on the path that led to a brighter future. Since his involvement had been made public, the paparazzi had done their level best to find out the identity of the donor, without success.

Christian knew exactly who the donor was and he wasn't telling. The designation of anonymous meant just that-anonymous.

Besides, this was something he'd done without agents, managers or public relations assistants. It was all his idea, his way of making amends for all the ways he'd screwed up over the years. The next round of public service announcements, featuring him, would start this fall. He had all but signed away his first born to get them to take a chance on him. To get them to look past his party reputation, the drunken clips on TMZ and the People Magazine documented failed relationships.

The very real possibility that it all could be shot to hell in a matter of minutes left him cold inside.

"The photos have been manipulated." There were only a handful of people that were privy to his finances and personal activities. The majority of them were bound by ironclad confidentiality agreements. As for the others...

"This isn't you at a party, snorting coke off of a table, the bar and on three different strippers' stomachs?"

Frustration kicked him in the gut. "Yes, it's me, but-"

"Doesn't matter. Bad press doesn't equal movie roles anymore. The economy won't allow it. I won't allow it. Are we clear, Mr. Romanov?"

He swallowed the retort that sprang to mind. It would do no good to argue with the tenacious woman. Or tell her that his career was second to his reputation with B.T.S. "Crystal, Ms. Alfred."

"Find a non-Hollywood type of woman to be seen with once you get back to the States. This is not a suggestion. You will revamp your image. You will start taking leads in chick-flicks, and become all minivan-family-friendly. Why don't we start with something simple, like having the press call you Christian Romanov instead of your stage name Ian Romanov?"

"Tell Bryson I'm dying to audition for the male lead in The Heart Says Yes." He couldn't keep the sarcasm out of his voice, but knew Martha didn't care as long as she got her way. "But my name remains as is. It's how I keep things separated." No matter how inconsequential it seemed. There were very few people that called him Christian. Martha, despite their years of working together, wasn't one of them.

"It's your career on the line, not mine." She ended their call.

A butler entered the room and gave him a small nod.

Christian shrugged into a cashmere overcoat and slid on leather gloves. He walked out of the townhome, then jogged down the front steps. A silver Mercedes with darkly tinted windows idled in the circular drive. Boris, the Romanov's head of security, waited by the back passenger side door and opened it for Christian.

He slid in and found Sebastian staring at him, blue eyes as cold and icy as Lake Baikal in April. Christian met the unflinching gaze with one of his own and smirked, running his hands through his hair.

"I know, I know. It's like looking in a mirror. Makes a brother all reminiscent about our childhood." Before they became more like enemies than brothers. Before nothing was expected of Christian and everything was expected of Sebastian.

"You are becoming more American by the year. At least you remember the correct form of dress." Sebastian picked up the iPad on the seat beside him. "Two more years, then your permanent return is expected and Ian, the Hollywood Actor, is no more. Which would help your legend live in memoriam best: plane crash, car explosion, or overdose?"

"Just listening to you would make any man die of boredom. Contact your secretary for an appointment, shall I?" Christian would retire from acting when he damned well pleased, not because he was needed in the family business.

"Always the comedian." Sebastian glanced at the window, then back at him. "Ready for the soiree this evening?"

An evening of forced conversations and associations? Christian fought the grimace threatening to pull down the corners of his mouth. "Wild horses couldn't keep me away."

"Dammit, Christian. Is there any way you could ever be discreet?" Sebastian asked, all attention on the iPad in his lap.

"The press won't let me."

"'Vivian Cross is lonely in London. She's pining away for former flame, Ian Romanov'," Sebastian read from the screen, then stabbed at it with his finger. "Why does anyone read this drivel?"

Because people craved it, whether the gossip was true or not. Hell, if he so much as sneezed in the general direction of any woman, he was suddenly canoodling with her.

God, he hated that word.

"If I told you, it would only confirm every bloody opinion you've had about American culture," Christian said with a small rise of his brows. "As for Vivian, it's not true. We were never together. She's married. Happily, I might add, but even if she weren't, I stay away from married women."

Sebastian barked out a laugh. "The fabrications of your life are so entertaining. How unfortunate you leave in two days."

In two days he would have to find a woman, with whom he'd be expected to fabricate an entire relationship. Damn his brother and damn his agent. "My entire career, not to mention a very worthwhile organization's reputation is at stake, thanks to you sending those pictures to Martha," Christian growled, hands fisting.

"What makes you think I was the one to send them to her?"

Was Sebastian serious? Christian's knuckles cracked. "You sent them the first time. Luckily, the person who received them is a friend and wouldn't take your money. Afterwards, I had the IP address traced."

Finally, Sebastian's cold eyes bore into his. "What a resourceful bloke you've become, but I had nothing to do with this set."

"I don't believe you," Christian said flatly.

"Like that matters. I've greater things to worry about than your opinion of me."

Now that Christian did believe, but he refused to let it bother him, because why should things ever be any different between them?

***

Vladimir Romanov took one look at his youngest son, pressed his lips in a thin line, then escorted him to the Von Lichtensteins. Their daughter, a popular socialite who moved in American and European circles, was shoved in Christian's face. His father's idea of the perfect spouse. But of course, spouse meant business transaction.

Christian winked and flashed his teeth at the dark haired woman. She hid behind her hand and let out intermittent high-pitched giggles while their respective fathers launched into a diatribe about the Euro's competition with the Dollar.

"What did you think of the big award show you went to this year?" she asked, her voice breathless. Her gaze slid over to their parents, then back to him.

He raised a brow. "Which one?"

She widened her eyes and placed a manicured hand over her chest. "Oh, any of them."

"The food was bad, the company worse and the length atrocious. Other than that it was absolutely stupendous," he said. Actually, he rather enjoyed attending them and meeting his fans. They would line up days ahead of time to show their support. For them he'd always show up, always take a picture and sign an autograph. Only he couldn't let his father know it.

Christian took great pleasure in letting Vladimir think that he only pursued acting to irritate him. Most likely, his father wouldn't think of keeping the people that paid good money to watch him on screen happy or that Christian would ever be grateful for their support.

The Baron and Christian's father looked at him with expectation written on their faces.

Play the part, Christian. He inclined his head, murmuring, "Of course, it would have been all the more bearable had you been my date. In fact I'd be honored if you'd accompany me to my next awards show." He glanced at his father, whose mouth wasn't pinched or frowning. It was the closest Christian would ever get to a job well done from Vladimir.

Their parents walked away.

"That was a good one," Kate said, smiling at the cameras aimed in their direction.

Rocking back on his heels, Christian sucked in air through his teeth and gave a light shrug. "Not my best performance, but you were entirely convincing, dear Kate. My ears bleeding copious amounts of blood can attest to it."

Kate Von Lichtenstein, dubbed by the British tabloids as Peaches due to a very unfortunate sixteenth birthday party incident, playfully swatted him on the arm. Her smile widened, dimples playing hide-and-seek in her cheeks. She hated their fathers' machinations as much as he did, but they played their parts well. Simpering socialite and playboy actor. Okay, so maybe he wasn't exactly playing at a part.

She linked her arm with his, pressing closer in the imitation of flirting. "How long are you staying tonight?"

He covered her hand with his, conscious of the very best angle that would serve to make their parents happy. "Just until the cavalry arrives. Then it's off to Las Vegas to find a woman."

Dark brows lifted and she tsked. "Ian Romanov having to find a woman-the zombie apocalypse must be at hand."

"What do you mean Chemsky won't budge on FRC?" Vladimir asked, capturing Christian's attention.

As if on cue, his brother joined in on the conversation. "I have a meeting scheduled with Ivan on Monday. Rest assured he'll see things our way."

"Excellent news, Sebastian. Trust you to have everything in hand."

Christian inwardly flinched as Vladimir gave Sebastian a hearty pat on the back and a look of respect. One that he would never bestow upon Christian. One that Christian thought he no longer cared about. But tonight, for some reason it twisted; it clawed and burned his insides.

"Come with me if you don't want to die of boredom." His cousin, Sasha, clapped him on the back. "Or from the lobster rolls. Paula Dean, that goddess of butter, would gasp in horror."

"I've often wondered if your obsession with that woman had come to an end." Christian let go of Kate and turned to face him.

Sasha canted his head. "You say obsession; I say worship."

Christian grunted, then shot an apologetic glance at Kate whose attention was clearly elsewhere. From across the room, his brother's eyes connected with hers for the briefest of moments before Sebastian looked away. Kate seemed to deflate.

What a bloody idiot. Christian gently patted her shoulder. "It's time for me to make a run for it."

Bright spots of pink colored her cheeks, before she flashed a brilliant smile. "I'd love to come with you."

Christian lifted her hand to his lips."We both know I'm not what you want."

A wistful expression covered her face. "I'm not what he wants either." She turned, walking away with her head held high as she melted into the crowd.

"Your brother's a prat." There was no love lost between Sasha and Sebastian. Rather strange if anyone asked Christian, given the way the three were inseparable growing up. Then again, Sasha had cast his lot with him instead of Sebastian.

"No argument from me there," Christian replied. Kate would survive. Just as she always had. He pulled out his phone and texted his pilot. "Well, I've done my duty and now it's off to Vegas to find a woman."

Sasha scrunched up his nose on one side. "You do know women are here." He gestured at the crowd of people. "In this room. Right now."

Christian shrugged. "Not what Martha has in mind. I have to find a small town girl."

"In Las Vegas?" Sasha asked, his voice incredulous.

"I'll roll the dice and see what happens." Christian grinned and slid his phone into his pocket.

Sasha raised his brows. "You are extraordinarily horrible at gambling. I've never seen a man more unlucky than you at cards. "

Christian knew it was true, but he wasn't about to agree. "Well, you know what they say: unlucky at cards, lucky in love. And I plan to get very, very lucky in Vegas." Or at least appear to.

Chapter Two

Zoe was not having the greatest day ever. In fact she was having the longest day ever.

First, a demon-possessed water fountain had sprayed all over her cardigan right before she was supposed to board her final connecting flight to Las Vegas. With no time to dry the material under a hand dryer in the bathroom, she had stuffed it in a separate pocket inside her carry-on.

Then her plane had landed at McCarran Airport five hours late due to engine problems. She was thankful someone had found the problem and had been attempting to fix it. But being trapped on the tarmac for two hours before they had to switch planes had frazzled her nerves.

However, the piece de resistance came after waiting another forty-five minutes when she was informed that all of her luggage had been lost. They were doing their very best to locate her bags, but it could take up to two weeks.

She filled out the necessary forms to send the luggage back home instead of having it arrive in Vegas long after her trip was over. Now all she needed was an earthquake and her predictions of things to come could make her the next Nostradamus.

"Thank God for VISA." She headed toward the exit, shoving her sunglasses back on her nose.

A hard body rammed into her. Hands grabbed her arms, preventing her from falling but her purse went flying, sending the contents sliding across the floor as her carry-on slipped from her grasp.

A man wearing a dark suit and even darker glasses grimaced. "Sorry, ma'am. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine, thanks." She pushed her sunglasses to the top of her head and dropped to her knees to collect her things.

"Actually, it was entirely my fault. Let me help you," another male voice said, the clipped British tones doing things to her body that should've been banned in customs. "Give the lady some room, Nathan. I plowed into her."

The fine hair on the back of her neck stood. She knew that voice. It had whispered to her in her dreams and while she wrote. Her muse. Her biggest mistake. "It's fine...really."

"I insist; it's the least I can do for running into you." He knelt beside her and grabbed her book from the tiled floor.

"While I insist you don't," she said, moving quickly to scoop up the remaining items. His loafers hit her line of vision and she stood slowly as possible to find the face of People Magazine's Sexiest Bachelor for two years running.

Wheat blond hair fell in a purposefully disarrayed fashion, a sexy topper to his fallen angel face, but it was his eyes that captured and held her attention first. Blue eyes so pure in color that they looked like aquamarine gemstones. While most people dressed down for flights, opting for comfort over style, he looked like a men's magazine cover model, wearing an open-at-the- throat classic button down and khaki trousers that made the most of his long, lean frame.

God, she wished she had a slushy handy right about now. He wouldn't look so good wearing neon blue all over his face.

"Hi." He gave her a crooked smile, flashing perfect white teeth though a pair of sensuous lips.

For a moment his smile completely disarmed her and she blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "Good grief, you've gotten tall. What I mean is you look taller in person than you do in your movies, but isn't that true about most actors? Oh, wait, no, they're usually shorter in person and not as good looking. Hmm...um. Well, at least you look better in person and um..." Zoe faltered mid-sentence, face heating. This was not how she pictured their next meeting. Instead of a bumbling, blushing fool, she was cool and precise. Maybe even a little skewering with very carefully chosen words. Too late now. "Anyway, the last time I saw you, you were a little shorter, but only by a couple of inches and now you're not."

Golden brows drew together slightly before he settled back into his famous smile. The same one he seemed to have in every picture taken of him. The one that set women's hearts and other places all aquiver. Unfortunately, it included hers as well.

"Yeah, I get that a lot," he said. "What party was that by the way? I can't imagine I didn't take the time to talk to someone so pretty."

"Are you serious?"

"Of course. You're unforgettable, love."

"But you just said you don't remember me."

He shrugged his wide shoulders. "Sorry, I meet a lot of women." There wasn't a hint of smugness in his voice, more like a universal truth about his life.

And the truth hurt. A lot. She wanted to scream at the familiar pain that stabbed at her heart, at him for being the biggest ass**le on the planet. Even if she was being unfair. It really wasn't his fault he didn't remember meeting her-at least not the second time.

"Give me back my book." She tried grabbing it again, but he held it above her head like he wanted to play keep-away.

He turned it over and scanned the back, then glanced up at her. "You read this crap?"

Crap? "It's literature and you're one to talk. Especially with the last movie you did. It was horrendous and full of plot holes. I couldn't determine what the goal, motivation or conflict was supposed to be. Well, not beyond blow them up, save the world and get the girl."

"But you watched it anyway," he said with a wink.

She made a face. "Didn't have a choice," she muttered. Actually, she'd watched it twice and bought the DVD when it came out.

As if he were reading her mind, he bent his head down and peered at her through sinfully long lashes. "And you loved it."

She pursed her lips and shook her head. "Nope. Lack of G.M.C."

He scrunched up one side of his face in confusion, and she mouthed the words goal, motivation and conflict at him. When he didn't respond she flicked her hands in the air. He was hopeless.

Glints of humor flashed in his blue eyes.

And purposefully obtuse.

"At least I got paid twenty million for it. You don't get paid to read this smut, do you?" Christian waved the book in her face, her green eyes almost crossing as it passed by her nose. "Oh, sorry, this classic piece of literature that Shakespeare would've given his left nut to read." He had no idea why he wanted to tease her. Why he wanted to see what she would do or say next. Only that he wanted her to keep talking in that soft southern drawl of hers.

"Do you get you're a butthead a lot, too?"

What the hell was she referring to? Oh, right the taller in person remark. "Not since what you Americans call middle school or whatever it is in this country that masquerades as public education."

She tapped her foot repeatedly, sending his eyes down to her shoes. He swallowed at the sight of ribbons caressing her shapely legs as they disappeared under her dress.

"Prepare yourself, because there's more where that came from, you snobby anglophile," she said, tossing her ponytail to one side.

Christian bit the inside of his cheek, trying to contain his laughter. She didn't seem to give a damn who he was. Actually, she looked and sounded quite put-off by him. Her eyes darted around, as if looking for an exit. An unusual experience in his life. One that he found he liked.

The subtle scent of honeysuckle drifted toward him and for a moment she reminded him of the woman who haunted his dreams.

"Honeysuckle?" At her nod, he lifted a bright red curl and brought it to his nose for a moment before letting it slip through his fingers, immediately jealous of the strand as it caressed a bare shoulder. "Do you taste as sweet as you smell?"

She crossed her arms over her chest, scowling. "Stop doing that, please."

"Stop doing what?"

"Staring at me." She glanced around, then back at him. "It's making everyone else stare, too."

"I'm not allowed to look at you?" he snapped, chagrinned at the memories she provoked.

Glossy lips pressed together. "Do you need a how-to-stop-being-a-jerk manual? I've got a copy in my purse, and it's the one for dummies."

He scraped a hand through his hair, willing away his misdirected anger. She couldn't help what scent she wore. "By chance, do you have a manual on how to apologize appropriately to a woman while still holding on to your man cards?"

"Afraid someone will tear them up?" Her brows quirked.

"Just a little." He grinned."Where are you staying? I'd like to take you out. Actually, I'd love to make you breakfast."

Her cheeks flushed a charming shade of pink. "At The Oasis, but I'll be busy with meetings and a book signing."

"What's your name?" he asked and for a moment her eyes flashed at him, but then her rosy lips curved into a smile that sucked away his breath.

"Zoe Ambrose." She pulled her phone out of her purse.

"Ian Romanov."

She frowned, but he wasn't sure if it was at him or the message on her phone."I know."

"Call me Christian." It slipped out before he could stop himself.

Her lashes flicked up, giving him a glimpse of forest colored eyes. "I'd rather not."

The relief that should have accompanied her answer never hit him. Instead her answer annoyed the hell out of him. Now he needed her to call him Christian. He also needed his head checked for caring about anyone's opinion of him, while standing in the middle of an airport, with his bodyguards on one side and random people on the other, taking pictures and uploading videos to You Tube.

However, it didn't stop him from asking, "Where are you from?"

"North Carolina." Small white teeth worried her bottom lip as she typed.

"Small town?" How serendipitous would it be to land at McCarran and find his small town image remake at the airport? It also didn't hurt that she looked...normal. She was exactly what the girl-next-door should look like. Pleasing to the eye, but not the kind of face and body to drive a man insane with lust.

He let his gaze travel over her. On second thought, the curves highlighted by her dress were something that needed to be studied. In his bed.

Her fingers paused and her brows drew together. "No, it's a state."

A what? Oh, good God, she thought he didn't know...He bit back another grin. "Yes, I've worked at the studios in Wilmington before. Is the town you're from small or large?"

"Oh...oh," she said, her cheeks turning pink again. She glanced down, her thumbs nimble over her keypad. "It's small."

Fantastic. He stepped closer to her, his body humming in anticipation. "I'd love to get together while you're here."

"Sorry, but I'll be too busy to socialize." Tucking her phone back into her purse, she smiled. "Well, have a nice day." She turned, grabbed her carry-on and walked away.

From him.

He couldn't form a proper reply. He was too damn stunned at being so easily dismissed.

She tripped over the smooth floor, stumbling into a guy wearing a Brooks Brothers' suit and making him drop his luggage to catch her. Envy stabbed at Christian's gut when the man wrapped his arms around her and she laughed up at him.

Christian frowned and crossed his arms over his chest. He widened his stance, ignoring everyone but Zoe as he eavesdropped on their conversation.

"Here's my card. Maybe we can-"

"No thanks, I already have a lawyer. Do you know where the drivers wait?" She handed the business card back.

The dark-haired lawyer pointed to the left, his shoulders slumping when she told him to have a good day. Then they both got to watch her cute little bum as she marched off.

A strange feeling passed over Christian. It was almost as if he recognized that walk. Then again, she had said they'd met before. Perhaps that's why she was so irritated with him. But honestly, he couldn't remember meeting someone who looked or sounded like her.

Zoe turned right and disappeared, then reappeared a few seconds later heading in the opposite direction.

Oh, she was extremely adorable. And, he noticed as she glanced back in his direction, extremely unnerved by him. What had he done to her? Or rather with her.

It didn't matter. He wanted her for his image remake. Whatever he had to do to get back on her good side, he'd consider it his absolute pleasure.

Gripping her book in his hand, he smiled victoriously. Every woman he knew liked to read by the pool or in the bath. It was up to him to return it to her like any other Good Samaritan. He grabbed his duffle bag from the floor and slid the book in a side pocket. "Now who's lucky?"

With his bodyguards flanking him, he followed the woman who was doing her best to escape him. Suddenly, she ducked around a corner. There was no way he was going to let her get away. She was the answer to his prayers.

Chapter Three

She had gotten away.

Christian took a shot of vodka from one of the glasses set on the table beside him. Unfortunately (or fortunately depending on how a man looked at things), this was only shot number one. No matter how irritated he was, he wouldn't ruin his chance with B.T.S on his end.

The three women in his penthouse chatted with each other as they texted and searched for just the right channel on the flat screen. Twins plus one had seemed like a great idea. Actually, the text he'd received from Vanessa Carlton during his layover in New York had seemed like an erotically brilliant idea. But that had been before he met Zoe.

Now here he was, an hour later, and not remotely interested in doing anything beyond pouring drinks and flirt. Poorly.

Not his usual MO. And he was a healthy, red-blooded bloke.

Letting out a harsh breath, he pushed at a couple of glasses. They smacked into each other with dull thuds. He had to find her. It wasn't just because she turned him down. She was perfect for what he needed: small town girl, unimpressed with who he was and had a wicked wit.

He'd had fun verbally sparring with her. He'd had fun teasing her, and reading (very clearly) the expressions on her face. She also had a very lovely smile when she wasn't scowling at him.

Zoe. Closing his eyes, he leaned his head against the back of the chair.

"My name is Vanessa not Zoe."

Christian's eyes popped open. "What?"

Vanessa's narrowed as she walked over to stand in front of him. "You called me Zoe when I asked if you wanted to go out with us later."

Oh, hell. He examined the shot glass in his hand, trying without success to think of something to say.

The twins joined in, planting fists on their hips. "Her name is Vanessa."

"A very lovely name." He stood and strode to the bathroom. "This has been most...diverting, but I've need of a shower." Imitating how Sebastian talked should send them scrambling for the elevator.

"But we haven't done anything," Vanessa said.

"Maybe he's going to divert us in the shower," said one of the twins.

"Sorry, I'll be diverting by myself," he said, flashing an apologetic grin.

Spiked heels clicking on the tiled floor followed him in, but he ignored it. He braced his palms on the vanity top and looked into the mirror only to find them staring expectantly at him.

"Who's Zoe?" Vanessa pressed.

"Do any of you speak French?"

"No," they answered in unison.

"Zoe means awesome in French," he improvised.

"We speak American," Vanessa said with a disgusted look on her face. The twins nodded in agreement.

He rubbed a hand over his face. "If you ladies will excuse me..."

Of course, they stayed rooted in place.

Why couldn't he be an ass**le and make them leave? Because he wasn't a completely heartless bastard or a hypocrite, that's why, and he'd been intent on having all sorts of fun with them, before he'd met a prickly brunette with lovely eyes and a thick-as-honey accent.

Sighing, he strode to the toilet and shut the door behind him. He closed the lid and sat on top of it. Maybe if he stayed in here for a while, they'd get the hint.

A knock sounded on the door. Guess not. "I'm busy."

One of the women knocked again. Exhaling, he stood and opened the door. The trio stood in his way, blocking his exit. "Can I help you?"

"Are you okay?" one of the twins asked.

"Jet lag," he lied. "I think a shower will help."

They moved as a group out of his way, whispering as he snagged a towel. He walked to the shower, turning on the multiple heads before shedding his clothes.

As they continued to stare, he had an urge to cover himself. "Please don't wait around for me. Go try your luck at the slots," he suggested, stepping into the hot blasts of water.

"Go on, Kylie." Vanessa shoved her forward.

"We, like, think that you should, like, introduce us to your friends, Wade and Brennen McGowan. You did say they would be here tomorrow, right?" Kylie asked. "Vanessa said there would be some producers here, too."

Christian grabbed a bar of soap, scrubbing at his skin to wash away the guilt that covered him. Kylie and her sister shouldn't be here. They should at college parties, not trying to live the Hollywood hype. Vanessa, however, knew exactly what she was doing. As a B-list actress with A-list goals, she'd been playing the be-seen-with-a-celebrity game for years now. It was a game that every actor, male or female, had to play at first.

He slathered shaving gel on his face. "Yes to all of the above. Brennen and Wade would love it if the three of you joined us tomorrow tonight." Well, Brennen would. Wade, however, would probably grunt and cross his arms.

They clapped and squealed like little girls, almost making him nick his chin as he shaved. "All of you are over twenty-one, aren't you?" That's all he needed to place the final nail in the coffin: pictures of him doing coke and under-aged girls in his hotel room. Fantastic.

All three nodded their heads and he relaxed. Again Kylie answered, "Oh yeah, we're, like, twenty-three and stuff. Don't worry it's all street legal with us."

He quirked a brow, his reflection mimicking the movement in the fog resistant mirror hanging on the tiled wall. "Street legal?"

"You know, like, the game about cars and stuff. We can't, like, get arrested for partying here 'cause we're legal."

"That certainly clears things up." He finished shaving, then leaned against the tiled wall and welcomed the hot water beating down on his body. His head ached and he felt closer to eighty than twenty-six.

The trio sighed, startling him. He smacked his head against the wall, his eyes watering in pain. "You're still here?" He blinked a couple of times and rubbed his forehead with the heel of his hand.

"Oh, were we supposed to go?"

"I thought we were going to watch him diverting."

"My ex-boyfriend liked to record me when I'm diverting."

Christian wanted to bang his head against the tiles, on purpose this time. Instead, he breathed deeply and gave his signature smile. He got out of the shower, turning off the spigots and wrapping an extra large black towel around his waist. "Be at Shift around eleven tomorrow night. All of you will be on my guest list."

That seemed to appease even Vanessa. They gathered their things and headed to the elevator.

"This is so zoe, Ian Romanov," Kylie squealed as the elevator doors shut.

He groaned, rubbing his hand over his face. Stupid, stupid, massively stupid. Zoe was French for awesome? Christ.

Looking around the room, he zeroed in on the book sitting on a table by the elevator doors. He ambled over and picked it up, rubbing his thumb along the outline of the author's name and paused.

Was that a Z?

He rubbed it again and frowned. Tilting it toward the lamp, he nearly dropped the book when the name caught the light. He barked out a laugh and walked back to his bedroom, tossing it on the dresser. Zoe Ambrose was the author. No damn wonder he'd pissed her off.

Grabbing his phone, he texted Wade, then sank down into the mattress. A yawn cracked open his jaw.

Tomorrow. He would find her tomorrow and apologize.

***

Christian forged a wet path with his tongue down to her br**sts, sucking on each nipple in turn as he plunged inside of her. God, it felt so good to be in her, to be gripped so tightly that he couldn't see straight.

She writhed beneath him, her lush curves an erotic contrast to his. Delicate hands ran up and down his back as he pleasured her. She slipped them beneath the waistband of his trousers to cup his ass, her nails digging in and making him growl.

He bit the side of her neck and then laved at the spot. She trembled against him.

"I'm going to come," her words were a breathless rush.

Gazing at her, satisfaction filled him when he found the mask she usually wore replaced by the face of Zoe Ambrose.

He bolted straight up in bed, his body covered in sweat and aching for relief. Cursing, he flopped back down. There was no way he'd be able to sleep. Gripping his cock, he stroked it, bringing back his dream. He focused on her face, her eyes and lips. The way she smelled as he pressed his nose against her neck. She moaned his name and he came, endlessly.

After cleaning himself up, he fell back to sleep. In what seemed like seconds later, a shrill ringtone had him blindly smacking around for his phone. He found it under the pillow beside him. "Yes?"

"Where the hell are you?" his agent shouted.

He winced. "I'm in Vegas at The Oasis in my room and alone in bed, honey."

"Don't you 'honey' me. I haven't heard from you since yesterday," she said, her voice a bit softer. "Where are you headed tonight?"

Rubbing his eyes, he tried to get the fog to clear his mind. Was it already morning? "Shift with Wade and Brennen." First, however, he would find Zoe.

"Change of plans. You're going to RARE for dinner with some suits from Peak Pictures and my favorite romance author."

"We've been over this a dozen times: I don't want to meet with some dried up old biddy who writes for younger dried up biddies in training," he grumbled.

"I read those books, Ian. So watch your mouth," Martha warned. What a surprise. Next, he'd find out that she liked to make money and yell over the phone at him. "The author is one of my clients, you know, and-"

"Why should I know that? Is it in the fine print of my contract?"

"Does it matter? Be at the damn restaurant at 8:30 pm and look sharp. No red eyes or glassy stares. Understand, Romanov?" Her voice cracked like a whip as she continued, "Don't. Be. Late."

"No red eyes, no glassy stares and don't be late," he repeated. Martha would make his life more of a living hell if he didn't show up. And those pictures lurked in her inbox, ready at a double-click's notice to be spread to all major news outlets and gossip columnists.

"One more thing. The author, old biddy that she is, expressed a preference for you to play the villain, after viewing the readings. Seemed she thought something of your work. Chloe informed her of the dinner yesterday, although Zoe declined."

It couldn't be that simple. He couldn't be that lucky. "Zoe Ambrose?"

"Yes. Did you finally read one of the books I sent you?"

"No." He glanced over at the floor to ceiling windows. They were covered with a heavy fabric that blocked the morning sun, in order to provide the best sleep experience possible. However, The Oasis hadn't counted on Martha Alfred's phone calls.

"Why she chose you over Wade, who has read her books, clearly boggles the mind."

Looked like he had some reading to do. "Clearly." Pressing the remote beside the bed, the heavy drapes parted. "I happened to have run into Ms. Ambrose at the airport yesterday."

Martha continued as if she hadn't heard him and said, "Only in public. Where people can see you and take pictures. No backroom shenanigans."

Backroom shenanigans? He blinked. "What kind of man do you think I am?"

"You really don't want me to answer that, do you?" Martha asked.

"Has that ever stopped you before?"

"I think she would be wonderful for your image."

If it had been anyone other than Zoe, he would have argued with Martha. He would have reminded her of their conversation that had taken places only two days ago. That he was to choose the woman to help him. "Your command is ever my wish."

"Spare me your theatrics."

"Yes, your highness. Whatever you say, your highness."

"God above give me strength." Christian thought he heard a smile in her voice before she launched into another lecture. "One more thing." Just how many one more things did the woman have? He popped his neck on each side. "Don't scare her to death with your scandalous behavior while you're showing her around Vegas," Martha said before hanging up.

Christian smiled at his reflection in the mirror. "I'm back." Lady Luck was with him in Vegas.

***

Zoe rolled over in bed and stretched, feeling refreshed from a good night's sleep and an afternoon nap. She had checked into a well-appointed suite at The Oasis, her view of the strip framed by thick drapes.

It looked like a sinner's playground, beckoning for visitors to come. To lose themselves in the nightlife. "Ooh, that was a good one." She reached for a small notebook and pen, scribbling her thought into it so she wouldn't forget it later.

Her cell rang and she struggled to answer it, falling off the bed in the process as she hit one of the buttons.

"Oh, crap! Hello? Hello?"

"No need to yell," Martha Alfred gently chastised.

Zoe blew hair out of her eyes as she righted herself. "Sorry, I dropped my phone."

"Feeling more yourself today?"

"Yeah. Oh, remember how I told you that the airline lost my luggage before I went shopping? After the managers of the boutiques told me that they would deliver my stuff to The Oasis, I got someone else's clothes, but at least I took my most important bag with me. Have you seen the lingerie stores here?"

"Glad you took your sweet time getting to your point. I can't believe you got used clothing? Girlie, that will never do."

"The clothes are new, but I didn't pick them out."

"Are they the right size?"

"Well, yes, but they're so..." Zoe searched for the right word.

"So what?"

Zoe gave up her mental thesaurus search and finally settled for saying, "I can't dress like that."

"Just because you usually dress like a bohemian rhapsody gone wrong doesn't mean you can't shake things up a little. I can only imagine what you had picked out for your meeting and book signing."

"There's nothing wrong with Retro Dayz," Zoe protested. She loved the funky clothing store and all its one-of-a-kind pieces. It was also located directly across from her favorite apothecary shop in her hometown of Holland Springs.

"Only if you want to convey the I'm-channeling-the-musical-Hair look, not the I'm-a-best-selling-author-attire. Your mother dresses younger and better than you," Martha pointed out. "Even if she can't tell the difference between the softer side of Sears and Prada."

Well, neither could Zoe, but she wasn't about to admit that to her aunt. "There's no reason to fuss at me or talk about your sister like that. Anyway, why didn't you tell me Ian Romanov was the big name coming out here? I thought it was Gray Campbell or Wade McGowan?"

"You said you preferred Romanov out of the three."

Zoe gasped. "I most certainly did not." Actually, she most certainly had. However, she hadn't thought her aunt had been listening at the time.

"You most certainly did. Besides, his schedule matched yours. When I talked with him earlier, he mentioned running into you at the airport."

"He did?" If Martha knew about their meeting, then everyone did. She grabbed a pillow and smacked herself on the side of the head.

"I don't have to worry about you doing something stupid like getting married by an Elvis impersonator, do I?"

"Why in the world would I do that?" she snapped, then sighed and tossed the pillow away. "No, I don't plan to do more than meet, greet and sign. Then it's pool and spa time for Zoe."

"About tonight. Dinner at RARE, at 8:30. I want you to be seen and photographed with Romanov. Make sure you sit beside him."

"Why in the world would I want to do that?" She sounded like a broken record. "I texted Chloe that I wasn't interest in dinner. There's no reason for me to be there. Peak's making its decision."

Martha let out a sigh. "I would consider it a big favor and I can trust you. You know you're my favorite oldest niece, and an old woman like me needs all the help she can get. You will help me, won't you? We are family."

Family: the ultimate weak spot. Zoe capitulated with a sigh."Fine."

In her next sentence Martha was back to business. "My assistant won't be there, but it's only a schmooze-and-booze type thing."

No booze for her. She needed a clear head to get through this dinner. "I'm sticking with water."

"Drink whatever you like. I'm more concerned with your wardrobe."

"Gee, thanks."

"Pick out something pretty and purple. The color brings the green out in your eyes. Go get your hair and makeup done. I've seen the way you try to fix that horse's tail." Her aunt paused. "On second thought, I'll send someone up to you."

Zoe searched through the white bags hanging in her closet, finding a suspiciously purple wrap-dress in the first one. "Aunt M, did you have anything to do with my wardrobe swap?"

"Maybe I did and maybe I didn't."

"Thank you for my birthday presents." Zoe let the bags fall back in place.

"You're welcome," Martha said before ending their call.

Zoe roamed the room for a few minutes. Finally, she sat down at the desk and powered up her laptop. Quickly, she read the latest gossip website and frowned at the description of Ian Romanov's latest fling gone wrong. "Vivian Cross might be missing you, but I'm not."

After x-ing out the internet browser and checking the time, she opened the last file she'd been working on. Five hours until dinner. Five hours until him.

Maybe she should write a scene where Dimitri can't get it up and have Katrina laugh at him, then run off with Joshua. Oh yeah, that would go over really well with her fans.

She groaned, letting her head fall into her hands.

Why in the world had she agreed to come out here? To have dinner with a man like Ian Romanov? No, not a man like him.

Christian.

He was a dangerous temptation. The type of man that had no problem loving a woman then leaving her. She knew his type all too well.

If she weren't careful, she'd be just as heartbroken as she had been over four years ago. She eyed the closet again and stood up. Steel crept up her spine and made her stand straighter. This time things would be different. She was different. Older and wiser, too. Without the need for a disguise that rendered her unrecognizable.

All she would have to do is be pleasant. Be polite. Pose for pictures. Be calm, cool and collected. As if she did this all the time. She nodded at her reflection in the mirrored closet door and smiled. Christian Romanov wouldn't know what hit him.

Chapter Four

It would have been a perfectly nice dinner if Zoe hadn't stabbed Christian before the dessert course had come.

A medic poured antiseptic over the shallow (thank God) wound on Christian's hand.

Christian alternately hissed and cursed under his breath. "Sorry, not your fault, mate." He sliced his gaze to Zoe.

"I'm so sorry," she said for the fourth time, mortified at the scene she had caused.

No less than five waiters, two personal assistants and three managers jumped to their feet to gather ice, vodka for Christian's empty glass, and a first-aid kit.

"It won't stop bleeding." One of the personal assistants narrowed his eyes at her, then let his gaze rove over Christian's body. Christian winked at him and the man beamed.

It was all she could do to not roll her eyes. The poor guy didn't realize that the movie star was nothing but an equal opportunity flirt. Unless...it didn't matter. She wasn't interested in Christian's past, present or future preferences.

Catching sight of the line of blood dried on his hand, she blanched. It didn't matter what he was, because she would be going to jail for assault. "Oh God, I didn't mean to, but you grabbed me and I..." She knew her face was flame red. Tears pricked at her eyes and her throat threatened to close. She turned away, searching for a comforting face, or at least one that wasn't ready to do her bodily harm.

One of the representatives from Peak Pictures peered at her over his glasses, a thin smile on his face.

"Ms. Ambrose, I think we've gotten all the input we needed tonight. My assistant will send Martha the details of our decision in the next couple of days."

Zoe nodded, then looked down in her lap, pleating the cloth napkin. "Sounds great." She needed to get a grip on herself. She was twenty-eight years old not some teenager, with her first crush who'd just made a complete fool of herself. Intellectually, she knew this.

But the minute Christian had touched the inside of her thigh, she'd gone soft and melted into a big puddle of Zoe goo. Her entire body had shivered and he'd firmed his grip. Then she'd happened to sneak a peek at him. His face was perfectly calm, betraying nothing as he'd amused everyone at the dinner table with an anecdote that she'd never remember. He had been perfectly unaffected by her response, like he did this type of thing all the time. So, she'd grabbed her spoon to smack him with it.

As luck would have it, the spoon turned out to be her steak knife.

"A 'no' would have sufficed," Christian said, then turned to the medic. "Thanks for responding so quickly."

The medic nodded, cleaned up and left.

"I thought it was my spoon. I meant to smack you, not draw blood," she said, ducking her head again. Would it be weird if she banged it against the table? She'd bet ten to one no one would come running to her aid.

Christian flexed his hand, turning to his dinner date after getting his temper under control. Zoe looked miserable and embarrassed. His anger abated slightly, but he'd been sitting beside this woman for over two damn hours, keeping his hands to himself while his body jumped at every little move she made.

If she turned, so did he. If she smiled, so did he. If she licked her lips, so did he. He was like a damned teenager around her. Like an eager puppy hoping that by being all gentlemanly she would notice and pet him behind his ears. Instead Zoe had stabbed him after his legendary self-control had decided to delete itself from his amorous menu.

Under his palm, he'd felt her shiver. He'd heard the soft intake of air and the soft blush that appeared on her cheeks, spreading down her neck and along her chest. In that instant desire had ridden him hard. Thank God he'd been on autopilot, telling a story he'd previously related in interview after interview, or else he would have looked an utter fool.

He shouldn't have touched her, not without her permission. But it wouldn't deter him from trying to gain it, no matter the uphill battle he knew he would have to endure.

"I'm sorry for yelling at you. And I promise to never criticize your novels again, or at least when I know there'll be cutlery nearby," he offered, hoping she would turn those pretty green eyes back on him. A scant second later, she gazed into his and a flash of something hit him. As quickly as it was there, it was gone. Dammit. He grabbed his napkin and tossed it on the table.

Her lips twitched. "My two-year-old niece doesn't even scream like that."

"I yelled- grunted, actually," Christian insisted as her body shook with barely contained laughter.

"Whatever makes you feel all manly inside." She gave him a toothy smile and his blood turned to lava.

"I'd like to have my manly parts inside of you." That did not just come out of his mouth.

Green eyes narrowed. "I bet you say that to every woman you meet."

"Just the ones I want to sleep with." He couldn't stop himself and wouldn't. He was balls to the wall when it came to her.

She swirled her glass of water around once, then set it down on the table. "According to gossip sites you do a whole lot more than sleep, with a whole lot of women."

"Do you believe everything you read?"

"No."

"Then what's the problem?"

"I'm insulted you think I'm like all the others. That you think adolescent pick-up lines are what women want to hear from a man."

Maybe she'd be more receptive if they went someplace private. "Come up to my penthouse and I'll flatter you instead." Martha's warning rose in his mind, but he ignored it. He was a consenting adult, trying to hook up with another consenting adult. Hardly the stuff an agent should concern themself with in the grand scheme of things.

"Your form of flattery is highly suspect, Ian." Unwrapping a mint she'd dug out from her purse, she popped it in her mouth, put the wrapper on the table and glanced around the room.

"I highly suspect you'll like being flattered by me. And I asked you to call me Christian."

"While I never asked you to call me at all," she said, her peppermint breath tickling his nose as he leaned closer and tried to catch her eye.

"Let me show you around Vegas."

"I'm sure you've got other plans."

Actually he did, but he'd rather be with her. Hell, he'd been ordered to be with her and the photographs they'd gotten before the stabbing had been great. "They include you." He let go of her hand and held up his. "Come on. I'm harmless."

Zoe laughed, but it didn't reach her eyes. "If I go out with you, then everyone will think we're sleeping together."

"Is that such a horrible thought?" He reached for her hand and brought it to his mouth, kissing the palm. "Such delicate hands. Most men would never suspect a knife expert lurks beneath the surface."

"I, um, I'm too old for you." She snatched it away and reached down, bringing her purse to her lap and looking extremely uncomfortable.

What was he going to have to say or do to get her to agree? It was true that he heard yes more often than no from women. He was also entirely cognizant of the fact that it had a lot to do with his fame, his money and his reputation, his good looks merely a bonus. Women (and some men) were attracted to him. They made no secret of it.

Only nothing worked with Zoe. Not his usual lines, not his celebrity status and not even compliments. She was the one cock-blocking him from hooking up with her. It made no sense.

He wanted to pound the table in frustration. Instead he calmly replied, "I didn't realize I had an age limit."

She shot him a look of pure disbelief. "Did you actually talk to your last five girlfriends or whatever they were? They were all under twenty-three."

"But over twenty-one," he said. "And you can't be more than twenty-five." So, she knew about his personal life or the internet's version of it. There was no way she was as indifferent to him as she pretended to be. Unless she'd been the one sending him anonymous hate mail. Although he doubted that very much. Zoe would most likely have it hand-delivered with her name in capital letters and a list of all the things that didn't meet her goal, motivation and conflict guidelines.

She tilted her head to the side, a mischievous grin appearing on her face. "Are you saying twenty-five is your ceiling?"

Holy hell. He'd say whatever she wanted him to if she kept looking at him like that. Like she didn't want to stab him again or run away screaming. Her lashes flicked and he sucked in a breath, unable to remember when a woman's lashes held him spellbound. Hell, he couldn't remember how old he was at the moment.

"Sure, love, twenty-five is my limit. Can't have 'em hovering at thirty," he said, recovered from his momentary lapse of proper brain function.

She leaned closer and his body tensed in anticipation. Or fear. She had stabbed him. On purpose, mistaking the knife for a spoon notwithstanding. Still, she bloody meant it. Perhaps he should rethink his preoccupation with her after all.

"I hate to break it to you, stud, but I'm practically knocking on thirty's door as we speak." Grabbing her glass of water, she took a sip.

He blinked, then blinked again. "How bloody old are you?"

Her face turned red as the entire restaurant seemed to quiet at his shouted question. To his shock, she stood, water goblet in hand, and strode away. He sat there, until the manager came by to ask if he needed anything.

After sending the man off with a tip, Christian contemplated the small bandage on his hand, remembering the searing moment as the tip of the blade pierced his skin. The throbbing was mostly gone, but his interest in Zoe was not. Rising to his full height, he went looking for her. Again.

Chapter Five

Zoe groaned, surveying the destruction she had inadvertently caused. Potted palm trees lay prone, one on top of another like dominoes. While she'd been texting Melanie about her "date", someone had come along and practically shoved her out of their way. Luckily, she hadn't gotten hurt and she'd found her phone. Two for two.

A warm hand clamped down on her shoulder, making her jump. "I don't care where in this hotel you hide. I will always be able to find you."

They faced each other in the mirrors along the lobby, his lean form looming over her while his blond hair gleamed under the lights. Christian looked like a movie star while she, well, Zoe looked like herself.

She sighed, then turned to face him. His injured hand fell to his side.

"You embarrassed me."

He frowned. "You embarrassed yourself when you stabbed my ass."

"It was your hand, you big baby."

"Look, I'm sorry for shouting at you. It took me by surprise-that's all"

"Poor thing." She patted his arm. "You must be scarred for life to discover that women actually age in the real world."

Pale blue eyes drifted lazily down her body. "Like a very fine wine."

"Did you just use the cheesiest line in history on me?"

He shot her a disgruntled look. "My original ones weren't working."

"Why don't you try, oh, I don't know, talking to me like a normal person? Ask questions about what I like to read. Or what's on my bucket list-"

"Sleeping with the infamous Ian Romanov?" he asked with a wriggle of his brows.

"Or something as mundane as what I like to do in my free time."

He stared at her for a moment. "Will you help me? I've got this PR problem and need to be seen with someone like you."

"What do you mean someone like me?"

"Don't take this the wrong way-"

"Never start a conversation with a woman using that phrase."

"So noted." Raking his hand through his hair, he gave her a crooked smile. "I need to hang out with someone who's the exact opposite of me. Someone who's genuine and accidentally knocks over palm trees in lobbies, because she wanted to get away from an uncouth ass**le who couldn't keep his mouth shut or his hands to himself. Better?"

Better? More like the perfect thing to say. "It's a start, but why exactly do you need me?"

"Hey you," a man shouted.

Christian looked over her head, his eyes widening. "What the hell?"

Turning, she followed his line of vision. An Oasis employee trotted over, wiping at his mouth. There were sweat marks under his arms and across his ample belly. Stopping in front of them, he tugged his pants up by the waistband.

"Are you stupid? The sign says don't touch the plants and that includes trees. I saw you leaning all over them on the monitor."

"I wasn't leaning on them. Someone shoved me from behind, and I fell."

A fat hand patted down a three-haired comb-over and his beady eyes narrowed in on Zoe. "You need to leave before I call the cops."

"Why in the world would you call the cops over trees? It's not like I was trying to smuggle them out of the lobby. Do you really think I can defy the laws of physics to fit one of those in here?" She waved her purse in the guy's face.

Christian coughed. She turned to ask if he was okay, but he waved her off.

"No, I was gonna call the cops because you're obviously doing business in here." He smirked. "Although I could be persuaded to look the other way with a freebie."

"Why you...you," she sputtered. Christian stepped in front of her, but she pushed him aside. "I can handle this."

A slow smile appeared as he appraised her. "Go for it, wildcat."

She turned back to the odious man. "I don't think your boss would very happy to know you were being so ugly to guests."

"Being ugly," Christian muttered. "Oh, come on."

The Homer Simpson look-alike shrugged. "Calling it like I see it."

"Let me talk to him, love," Christian offered in his very proper British voice, the sound making her knees wobble.

She stepped out of his way. "Be my guest."

Grabbing the squat man by the collar, Christian shoved him against one of the black columns that framed RARE. "I made her fall into the trees. You will apologize to the lady, because that's exactly what she is."

Murmurs arose from a crowd of onlookers.

Christian froze, staring down at the man he'd pinned against the restaurant. A you're-in-for-it-now smile appeared on the guy's face and his mouth opened. "Don't even think about." But Christian needed to. How would he get out of this situation? He was quite sure this kind of publicity wasn't what his agent had in mind. The board members of B.T.S. wouldn't be amused either.

"Cut!" Christian heard Zoe shout, then she began to clap. "Well done, gentlemen. I really liked it when you, Mr. Romanov, pushed, um, him against this column here-" She patted the faux marble. "-in order to defend the lady's honor. A supremely nice touch.

"You can let him down now," she added in a hushed voice that barely reached Christian's ears.

A few people joined in, until the entire crowd was clapping along with her.

Christian watched in complete fascination as Zoe disappeared into the remaining jungle of palm trees. Where was she going?

"Uh, Mr. Romanov?" his prisoner asked.

Christian smiled, then adjusted the man's collar before letting go. He waved to the crowd, mouthing 'thank you' and winking. He elbowed the facilities manager in the side. "Wave and look extremely happy while you do it. Or I'll rip your bloody head off." He glanced down at the name tag on the man's uniform. "Is that understood, Mr. Fulner."

Frantically waving, Mr. Fulner managed to get an arm around Christian and half hugged him. "Too much?"

"No," Christian whispered back, smiling and nodding all the while. "Too much would be my foot up your arse. Here's what you're going to do: fill her entire room with flowers and the largest box of chocolate truffles you can find-dark, mind you, not milk." Zoe struck him as a dark chocolate type of woman. "Now, we're done."

Mr. Fulner pulled at his collar, then shook Christian's hand and clapped him on the back. "Pleasure rehearsing with you, but I've got to get back to work."

"Brilliant plan." Christian strode to the jungle of plants and pulled Zoe out of her hiding place. "Hullo, beautiful. Going my way?"

The crowd went wild. Cameras flashed and cell phones recorded their every move.

"Tell me when it's over," she whispered, her arm slipping around him. Briefly. He mourned the loss of contact when it fell away, but when she turned right, he found another excuse to touch her.

"Let's try this way instead." Guiding her by the elbow, he led her in the opposite direction of the crowd. He still couldn't believe she'd saved him. A woman like her didn't exist in his world. Anyone else would have jumped at the chance to be linked with him, but she'd practically hidden from sight the entire time. Zoe hadn't been up front, posing for the cameras and telling everyone her name. Although everyone would know by tomorrow.

He glanced over his shoulder. Security had stopped the crowd from following them.

"It's safe, love," Christian said.

She looked up at him, her lips curving into a smile. "Thank you. It was really sweet of you to defend me."

"Actually, I should be the one saying thanks." Although now that he thought about it, the entire incident with Mr. Fulner was rather convenient. He wouldn't put it past his agent or his father to pay someone or someones to stage the entire thing. His gut told him that Zoe wasn't in on it. She'd looked horrified that something so dreadful had happened.

Perhaps he would do a little digging of his own into tonight's incident.

"Well, I didn't think it was right for Mr. Fulner to look like the victim when clearly he wasn't. You put him in his place and that kind of behavior should be rewarded, not treated like the next YouTube video gone viral. Besides, who doesn't know a tree is a plant? It's leafy and green," she said.

"So's the Jolly Green Giant."

She laughed and he grinned at her.

"I like hearing you laugh." For once his words weren't an attempt to hook up with her. "You did that a lot at dinner. At one point I could've sworn you were beginning to actually like me."

"Don't remind me of that disaster. I wouldn't be surprised if Peak wants to call the whole thing off. How's your hand by the way?"

"I'll live to see tomorrow," he drawled, feeling slightly guilty. He hadn't thought of that when he decided to cause a big scene. Okay, so he wasn't the direct cause, but he had milked it, never considering Zoe's reputation. "However, I was referring to Act One when you were in your element."

She gave him a big smile. "You're my hero."

"Actually, I'm the villain."

Her face turned pink and her eyes shifted away, staring at the corridor in front of them. "Is this the kind of the help you wanted?"

Stopping at the elevators, he pressed the button for 'up'. "I want whatever you're willing to give me."

Chapter Six

"Press fifty-nine." Zoe gestured to the rows of numbers Christian's body blocked. There was no way she would reach around him. He was too close for comfort as it was. The adrenaline of their performance was quickly waning and cold reality was taking its place.

He hit the button with his elbow and moved to the opposite side of the elevator to lean against the mirrored wall. "You smell delicious, Zoe. Good enough to eat and I haven't had any dessert... yet."

Guess the whole talking to her like she was a real person, with goals other than hooking up with him, was over. "Pressure Play."

"What?"

"I thought we talked about this?" She sighed at his blank look. "You just gave me a line from one of your movies."

A small frown played on his perfect lips. "How in God's name do you remember that?"

"It's a pretty good line," she admitted.

"And an erotic experience for any woman."

"You are so full of it."

"You could be instead."

The elevator dinged and the doors opened. A man and woman stepped inside, sparing her from trying to think of a snappy comeback. The young couple looked at them, smiling from ear to ear.

"You two are so cute. Look at him staring at you. Another couple in love," the ginger-haired woman gushed.

Zoe shifted from one foot to another. "Oh, we're not together. He's not-"

"But the way-"

"Don't listen to her. She's totally in love with me," Christian said with a wicked gleam in his eyes. "Aren't you, sweetheart?" He wrapped his arm around her, pulling her close.

Zoe wanted to shoot him a dirty look, but the woman looked like a puppy that had just had its favorite treat taken away. "Totally," she said through clenched teeth.

Clearly mollified, the woman smiled. "Aren't they cute, sweetie?"

Sweetie beamed at his companion, kissing her softly on the cheek. "Almost as cute as you, Mrs. Andrews."

Mrs. Andrews threw her arms around her husband, leaning back in the cradle of his arms. "If you think I'm cute now, wait until we get back to our room, Mr. Andrews," she purred before whispering in his ear, making his eyes widen.

Mr. Andrews looked at them. "What can I say? I'm a lucky man."

"Congratulations," Zoe said, mentally making a note of the Andrews. Quickie wedding in Vegas would be an excellent undercover storyline for her Katrina Steele series.

Christian echoed her sentiments, but his voice didn't ring true to her ears. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye, but he was busy playing with his cell.

"Oh, Perry, just wait until our families hear about this. They won't believe that we did it!"

"They won't believe I met and married the love of my life after knowing you for only forty-eight hours?"

"Forty-eight hours and sixty seconds," the really new Mrs. Andrews corrected before she passionately kissed her husband.

A few seconds later, the doors opened again and the now amorous couple got out without a second look at them.

"I give them six months." Christian slid his phone into his pocket

"Until what?" She ducked out of his side embrace.

"Until they get a divorce."

She crossed her arms and glared at him. "What a horrible thing to say. They could have a long and happy marriage for all you know."

He crossed his arms and glared back. "After forty-eight hours of knowing each other? Not bloody likely."

"I take it you don't believe in love at first sight."

"Hardly. My parents have known each other their entire lives and can't stand to be in the same room for longer than five minutes."

"Couples fight, but it's how you make up that counts."

"My mother lives in France with her lover while my father divides his time between London and St. Petersburg with his. They don't plan on making up. Ever."

"Oh, well,"-She nibbled on her bottom lip.-"Aren't divorced people allowed to have significant others?"

His beautiful mouth lifted at the corner. "They're still married."

She gaped at him for a moment. No wonder he thought what he did. With parents like his, she might be of the same opinion. "That's terrible."

"Sorry, love, not everybody lives in Pleasantville or has the fairy tale marriage."

"Well, I think it's romantic that the Andrews could do something so life changing on a whim. Maybe you should try it." She flung her arm out and watched in horror as her purse went sailing into his chest. "I'm so sorry; it slipped. I'm a bit of a klutz at times."

The side of his mouth quirked as he held the beige Coach bag out to her. "I might have noticed that about you."

"Sorry," she said again, her cheeks heating.

He pushed away from the wall. "Anyway, who are you to lecture me about spontaneity? I bet you've never done a crazy thing in your life. Hell, you probably sit in church every Sunday in a pure white dress, thinking pure white thoughts while some dumbass of a boyfriend is too busy to notice the naughty lingerie you're wearing underneath."

His lashes lowered over his eyes, giving them a slumberous, sexy quality as he added, "And you do nothing about it."

Had he hacked into her email account and read her messages to Melanie? His assessment of her relationship with her ex was so close to the truth that she wanted to throw her purse at him again. On purpose and at his head.

"I can be spontaneous," she insisted.

"You need to let me spontaneously screw you."

"Seriously?" She shoved a finger at his muscular chest."You need to spontaneously combust."

"Still not impressed," he said, catching her hand with his large one. A thrill of heat emanated from where he touched her. "You can do better."

"I spontaneously got in here with you, didn't I?"

A smirk fit his lips as a teasing light entered his eyes. "Yeah, riding in an elevator with a man is so spontaneous. Someone alert Perez Hilton."

"You... you." She smacked her palm against her dress. Her purse fell to the floor with a thud, but she was beyond caring about something so trivial. "You are so irritating. You drive me insane with your cocky ego and dumb pick-up lines. You make me want to... to just... I want to..." This was her chance. She could tell him exactly what she thought of him. Tell him exactly what a pure asshat he was and let him fend for himself, no matter how nicely he asked her to help him.

He leaned over, lips parted in obvious invitation and she took a small step closer. He tugged her even closer. Heat from his body touched hers. Oh, God. All thoughts of telling him anything dissolved like sugar in hot tea.

"To what?"

She grabbed onto one of his wide shoulders and slammed her mouth against his, almost knocking him over with the ferocity of her kiss until they fell into a corner. He remained motionless at first, letting her kiss him. Then his mouth parted and his tongue teased her lips, and she couldn't think of any reason why she hadn't let him do this at the first opportunity.

He cupped her face, tenderly rubbing her jaw with his thumbs as he broke their kiss. "That wasn't our first kiss."

"No," she said, wishing it had awakened him like Sleeping Beauty in gender reversal. Yet another reason why she had to be realistic about things. Fairy tales never came true. Happy endings never happened anywhere but in movies and books. At least not for her.

"Tell me where we met before." His expression was intense.

She tried to wriggle out of his embrace. "Let go."

"Oh, no you don't, love." He nuzzled her hair. "Please, I want to know."

She licked her bottom lip, preparing to spill her guts, but something held her back. Mostly pride and embarrassment. "Does it really matter, Ian?" She had to put a wall back up. She had to remind herself of who he was to the world and to her.

"It's Christian, and hell no."

One minute she was standing and the next she was crushed against his chest as he gave her a pop-up foot kind of kiss. His mouth slanted over hers, teasing with his tongue, running it over her bottom lip until he could slide it inside again. She returned his kiss, her tongue rubbing against his and licking at the insides of his mouth. He tasted of passion and ecstasy all rolled into one.

Her body was on fire, desire shooting through every nerve ending. She couldn't get close enough to him, his hard body. His scent, his taste intoxicating. Of their own volition her arms rose, her fingers finding their way to his hair. Tugging him closer.

He moaned into her mouth, rubbing his erection against her.

Too much, too fast, her brain warned, kicking into gear.

She tore her mouth away, laying her head on his chest. His heart beat at a pace that matched hers.

"Put your mouth back on me."

"Where?"

"Christ-anywhere."

Unable to help herself, she nipped at his bottom lip. "Here?"

"Yes." He cupped her shoulders, then smoothed the material of her dress as his hands slid down her back.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, standing on the balls of her feet to kiss the side of his neck. "What about here?"

"I want to be in you. Right here, right now." Cool air hit her legs as she felt her dress being tugged up. His palm slid under them hem, brushing the inside of her thigh. "Are you willing to give me that?" Without waiting for an answer, his tongue teased her lips open and eased inside.

She allowed him to press her against the wall of the elevator, his hard, male body a foreign sensation that she wanted to experience. Only he wasn't foreign to her, this situation was entirely familiar and she knew the consequences of giving into the temptation of him.

She made herself stop kissing him, made her arms go back to the place where they belonged, but she couldn't contain the thrills of pleasure that continued to remind her of how good things could be between them. At least physically. "I can't. We have to stop."

His hands fell away, clenching into fists as he struggled for composure. She knew him that well, even if he still had no idea who she was.

Which made it all the more embarrassing.

Covering her face with her hands, she sought the solace of a corner. He caught her as she turned away, encircling her in his arms once more. "At least let me hold you, yes?"

"All right." She could handle this. A hug, even this sweet, wasn't dangerous. Or so she tried to convince herself.

The elevator dinged again. They broke apart like boxers in the ring.

A healthy flush covered his cheekbones. "I'll walk you to your room, if you'd like."

Kneeling to pick up her purse, she mulled over the best way to get herself out of the situation she'd allowed herself to get into.

Christian tried to give her his most disarming smile, but it wasn't easy when all he wanted to do was push her up against the nearest wall and sink inside of her. He knew without a doubt that they'd kissed before. Nearly every first kiss was an awkward positioning of hands and lips, but there had been none of that. They had come together like old lovers. She'd known exactly where to touch him, exactly how to use her tongue and teeth to drive him insane.

For once in his life, he was bothered by the meaningless kisses he'd given women, because for a woman like Zoe, no kiss was meaningless. They had been intimate before. He'd bet his career on it. At what level, he wasn't certain.

Despite wanting to know, he respected her decision not to tell him. He knew all about pride and keeping up appearances. Besides, he was confident he could get it out of her later. Perhaps over a few glasses of wine.

"I'm not sure." She bit at her bottom lip and he had the urge to kiss the spot.

He held up his hands and said, "I'm harmless...remember, knife lady?"

She grinned, and all the tension of the moment dissipated. Taking his arm, they walked down the hallway until she stopped at her door. "This is where I get off." Eyes widening, her face turned red. "Don't say it."

"You're no fun." He tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "I want to see you again. Tomorrow." Actually, he wanted to see her for the rest of the night, but he wanted to do things differently with her. Take his time for once.

"Are you asking me out on a date or is this more of the help you're wanting from someone like me?" she asked, her eyes wary.

"About that-"

"It's fine."

"I don't think that word means what you think it means."

"Quit worrying," she said with a little smile. "I'd like that explanation now, if you're willing to share."

If he shared everything, she might run in the opposite direction. "There are pictures of me that could negatively affect a worthwhile organization, and my-our agent seems to think that changing my reputation by being seen with you would help things should the pictures go viral." Leaning closer, he breathed in the honeysuckle scent of her. "I won't kiss you again, unless you ask me."

Her eyes clouded. "Let's keep things purely professional, okay?"

No, it wasn't okay. But he had plenty of time to convince her to come around to his way of thinking. "Meet me around one at the main pool. I have a private cabana and your name will be on the list."

She arched an elegant brow and he was entranced by the curve. Good God, if he stayed any longer he'd be composing sonnets to it.

"Aren't you supposed to pick me up?" she asked with a teasing smile, then bit her lip. "I don't mind flirting with you, if you think it will help. Plus, it's good for my ego."

Progress, no matter how small, was progress. "That's what I've been trying to do all night, woman." He let out an exaggerated sigh. "So, is it a date?"

She pushed open her door and walked in, glancing over her shoulder at him. "Guess you'll have to wait until one to find out. Well, I had fun tonight. Sorta. It was interesting to say the least. Have a good night."

"Good night, Zoe," he said as she smiled at him and shut the door. He heard a crash and a 'Good Lord!' "You okay in there?" He pressed his forehead against the door as he waited for her answer.

"I'm fi-okay," came her shout from within. "Stupid table got in my way."

"Right, then. Good night."

"Night," she called through the door.

He grinned as he walked away, hands shoved in his pockets, ignoring the pain and happier than he'd been in a long, long time.

Chapter Seven

Christian glanced at the Breitling on his wrist. 12:55. He had five minutes until he saw Zoe again. Five minutes before he'd find out if she would show. Five minutes until he lost his damn mind waiting for her.

"What's gotten into you?" Brennen was sprawled on an enormous lounger trying to get rid of a massive hangover with a little hair of the dog.

A pretty brunette with green eyes and killer wit.

"Nothing," Christian said, looking at his watch again. 12:57. His heart sped up as a brunette wearing a tiny bikini walked toward them, then slowed as he realized it wasn't Zoe.

Brennen laughed and then groaned, adjusting his sunglasses before pulling on a baseball cap. "You're so full of shit, but I'll bide my time. Can't wait to meet the hot piece of ass that's got you standing at attention."

"She's not a hot piece of ass," Christian said, earning a confused look from Brennen. "I mean she's hot, but Zoe's-"

"An actual person? I thought zoe was French for awesome," Brennen said. "I also thought you were out of your mind last night. How many women did you turn down?"

After leaving Zoe, Christian had headed to the nightclub to meet up with Brennen and Wade. As luck would have had it, they'd already become acquainted with Vanessa and the twins.

For once, he had been content to relax, smile for pictures and drink some beer. He'd thought nothing of turning down a few dozen fangirls' offers of bedtime happy hour. But of course, he'd told himself as he went to bed (alone), it had nothing to do with Zoe Ambrose.

"As many as I needed to. Look, be nice to her. None of your usual bullshit," Christian warned.

Brennen grabbed his chest and made a face. "You hurt me, bro. You really do."

Christian swore as he glanced at his watch again. It was past one and still no sign of her. He'd been stood up and he didn't have her damn number. But he did have her room number. He motioned a pool waitress over.

"You look pissed," Brennen said.

"Thank you, Captain Obvious." Christian heard a crash, then a 'whoops' and an 'I'm so sorry'. His entire body relaxed and then tensed in anticipation as Zoe came into view, wearing a bright yellow sundress and wedge shoes. Her hair piled on top of her head like she'd just gotten out of the shower... or bed.

"Never mind," he said to an obviously disappointed woman wearing a barely there bikini and holding a tray. She tossed her hair and sauntered off.

Zoe gave him a big smile. "Hi."

Without even thinking about it he met her halfway. "You're late," he complained.

"But I'm so worth it." She grabbed his hand, lacing her fingers through his as if it was something they did all the time. And he liked it.

"We'll see about that. What took you so long?" He took her bag with his free one. What in God's name did she have in it?

"Thanks for taking that! So, I got lost and then the chick at the desk wouldn't believe me when I said I was on your list. I needed to show ID which meant I had to go all the way back to my room to get it. Then I bumped into one of the pool waiters, but no one got hurt or covered in anything. It's the story of my life," she said with a self-deprecating smile.

"Let's go. I want you to meet a couple of my friends. If they were here..."

The cabana was empty and Christian had no idea where Brennen had wandered off to. Probably he'd seen something shiny. On a woman.

"Guess my reputation preceded me." She let go of his hand and he frowned as he realized that he hadn't wanted her to let go.

"You know, the whole knife thing, then the palm trees," she added, making a little face. Obviously she'd taken his frown the wrong way.

Setting her bag on a nearby table, he caught himself reaching for her hand, but she hadn't noticed. He flexed his fingers. "I reckoned I'd let that be my secret weapon if Brennen got too handsy." He couldn't stop thinking holding her hand again. Of their fingers entangling. She brushed a strand of hair away from her face and he grew hard. He wanted her hand on him, his body. One way or another he would hold her hand again.

One way or another he'd make himself a doctor's appointment to have his head examined.

"But I'm yours-your date, I mean."

"Oh?"

The wicked gleam in his eyes made Zoe flush. She wasn't his anything. Nothing but supposedly good press. Yet, she knew he wanted more. Then again, men like him, without limitations, always wanted more.

"At least for the general public, I am," she added.

The wicked gleam gave way to disappointment. "That you are."

"Do you have a place where I can change? I was running late and had to bring my swimsuit with me."

He wiggled his brows, completely recovered. "Dying to see me?"

She guessed being an actor had its benefits. "More like dying to see the sun. It's been freezing cold back home."

"I'm wounded."

"I'm sure you'll recover." She looked around the cabana. "Anyway, place to change?"

"Well, you could go all the way back inside to the ladies room, or I can hold up a towel for you back here." He gave her a smile that made her body tingle, as if it'd been asleep and found a reason to wake up.

"Would you keep your back turned?" She pulled the bikini Melanie had picked out for her out of her bag. Of course there wasn't much to it, but there were women (and men) wearing a lot less.

Christian grabbed a large towel and held it up. "Scout's honor."

Zoe gave a little shrug. She could be daring and all it-stays-in-Vegas-like. "Fine." She gave him her back as she slipped her panties off under her dress and her bathing suit bottom on before she shimmied out of the cotton cover-up. She didn't want to take the chance she'd flash him, even if he was holding up a towel and supposedly looking in the opposite direction. "Almost done," she called out, whirling around and finding him perusing her body.

Gasping, she quickly covered her br**sts with her hands. "I thought you wouldn't look. You said 'Scout's honor'!'"

He took a step forward and crowded her into the corner, only the towel between their bodies. "I lied." The heat of his body seeped through the material. "You should've warned me."

"About what?"

"How you'd look in a bikini." It didn't sound like he was insulting her, but she couldn't be sure.

"I don't have my top on."

"Trust me, I noticed."

"I have to put my top on." Her ni**les grew hard against her palms.

Gold-tipped lashes lowered fractionally. "No, you don't."

Before she could answer, someone whistled. She rose to the balls of her feet, looking over one of Christian's shoulders. Two infamous faces accompanied by twins and a tall blonde with an annoyed look on her pretty face stood just beyond the opening of the cabana.

"Oh my God." She frantically searched for her top, knocking over her bag.

"They can't see anything," Christian murmured. "Unfortunately, neither can I."

She snatched the silver top from the ground and tried to secure it at the back. "But I can see them." On the second try, the hook finally grabbed the tiny slot.

"You started without me? That's totally not Zoe," one of the men called out.

She wrinkled her brow. That was strange. Who did they think she was?

Christian got a funny look on his face before he turned around, throwing the towel to the side. "Cut it out, Brennen."

"Just saying what we're all thinking," Brennen said.

More than a little embarrassed at being caught topless and with Christian, she gave the group a lopsided smile and half waved as they moved closer. "Hi, I'm Zoe."

"Hell-o, Zoe," Brennen flashed a confident smile. "I'm Brennen." He grabbed the dark-haired man beside him and put him into a headlock. "And this bundle of joy is my brother, Wade. Don't mind the bitch face. It's his constipated- I mean contemplative look."

Wade shook off the mock wrestling hold and gave his brother the finger. Turning to Zoe, he said, "Nice to meet you."

"You, too." Zoe struggled not to laugh at the brothers.

"Zoe?" The blonde's lips twisted on her name. She glared at Zoe, then at Christian.

He wrapped an arm around Zoe's shoulders, pulling her closer. "Yes, this is my good friend, Zoe."

Good friend? Oh-kay. "Nice to meet you," Zoe said.

"It's so Zoe to meet another one of Ian's friends," said the twin in the purple bikini.

"Yes," Zoe said slowly, "that's me."

The twin wearing a white one piece shook her head. "No, Zoe is French for awesome."

For a couple of minutes, an uncomfortable silence permeated the air. No one but Vanessa would look at Zoe. It was as though everyone was in on a joke, but her. Or maybe the joke was on her. Her face heated in increasingly humiliating levels.

"Last one in the pool is, ah, screw it." Brennen scooped one of the twins into his arms and headed straight for the pool. She squealed and threw out her arms, sending his baseball cap flying.

Wade whispered in the other twin's ear, and they walked off in the direction of the bar.

Zoe slanted a glance at Christian. "Is there something I should know?"

"Um, well, you see," he began and to Zoe's amazement, the bridge of his nose flushed. The infamous playboy actor was blushing?

Vanessa cleared her throat, but Zoe kept her attention on Christian. "Ian told us that Zoe meant awesome in French, but he could have been confused from all the Petron we drank last night at Shift. Their VIP rooms were sick."

"You said that?" Tears pricked at the back of Zoe's eyes when Christian didn't deny it. There were so many things she wanted to do in this moment, so many things she wanted to happen. Like holes opening up and swallowing him whole. Most of all she wanted to be anywhere but here. With him. With his entire stupid lifestyle and rude friends. She needed to be back in her hotel room, under the covers and out of sight. Why had she thought she could handle this?

"Zoe, let's go talk about this some place more private."

She shrugged out of his embrace. "If you don't mind, I have work to do."

"Leaving already?" Vanessa asked.

It was as if a switch had flipped. There was no way Zoe would give anyone the satisfaction of watching her flee like a scared rabbit. She'd leave when she was good and ready. "Oh, no, I brought it with me."

"Whatever." Vanessa flounced off, screeching at Wade to buy her a drink.

"I didn't sleep with them," Christian said, his voice subdued.

Zoe brushed past him, grabbing her bag and pulling out her laptop. "Don't care."

"I owe you an explanation. It's not what you think."

"You didn't say my name meant awesome?"

"Yes, but it wasn't what you think." His hand slashed through the air. "They were following me around in the bathroom and watching me shower."

"That makes it so much better." She concentrated on the pool. The water sparkled in the sun and everyone else around looked like they were having the time of their lives. "What about at Shift? Were you talking about me then, too? Or do you normally shower with Brennen and Wade?"

"Hell, no. Look, you're taking this all wrong."

"I'm done talking." She made a move toward her bag.

Christian grabbed her hand, lacing his fingers through hers. That familiar feeling of rightness settled between them. "Please, Zoe, let me explain."

It wasn't a feeling of rightness; it was a warning to run as fast as she could in the opposite direction. He was wrong for her. Incredibly, undoubtedly wrong and she was a fool to think otherwise. "There's nothing you could say to make this better." She snatched her hand away, hating how her skin tingled in the exact spots he'd touched.

"You're blowing this way out of proportion."

Shaking and clenching her teeth, it was all she could do to not tell him to shove it up his butt. After shimmying her cover-up over her bikini, she made herself comfortable in a white and green striped loveseat. All the while Christian stood there and stared.

Finally, he offered her a pillow, but she ignored it and him. With a grunt, he threw it to the back of the cabana. "Dammit, Zoe, don't be this way."

"You know what-you're completely right about blowing this out of proportion. You have my forgiveness, even though you didn't ask for it." She glanced up at him. "Go hang out with your friends. I'll stay for a little while. Maybe I can add some respectability to your reputation. It'll be totally zoe."After all that was his real reason for inviting her. Four girls and three guys. Someone was obligated to be the odd one out.

He searched her face. "I really am sorry. Vanessa heard me say your name and got all pissed off. Instead of manning up, I told a lie and it turned into a joke. One that was never meant to be at your expense."

Too little, too late. She waved him away with her fingertips. "Go play with your friends."

"Zoe is Greek for life, and I think it's quite lovely," he said and her heart jumped to her throat. "You're lovely, and I don't deserve the time that you're giving me."

"Just go, please" she whispered, starting up her computer.

She watched him walk away, his usually confident shoulders drooping until he dove into the pool. Brennen jumped Christian from behind as soon as he came up for air, then shoved him back under the water. The two men played like teenagers as they tried to drown each other.

Finally, she gave up watching when it became clear that Christian wasn't coming over to talk to her. Why she wanted him to was entirely illogical. She had told him to leave her alone. But it did hurt a little. All right, if she was being honest it hurt a lot. More than she'd thought. However, there was nothing she could do without seeming desperate.

She typed away, her mind not really on what she was doing. A soft thud sounded beside her. Glancing beside her, she peeked beneath her lashes. A large, pastel-colored drink with a little umbrella in it had appeared on the table. Something she would have ordered had she not been licking her wounds.

"Thank you for staying." Water gleamed on the tanned skin of Christian's chest.

She frowned. Why did he have to be so attractive? Why did he have to have the most perfect tattoo of a rose on his chest, one that a lifetime ago she'd traced with her tongue. Her life had been just fine before she ran into him again. Boring, yes, but constant. Manageable.

Maybe she'd been a fool for breaking off her engagement with Gabriel. But she couldn't second guess her decisions, not now. It had been the right thing to do, a relief from the pressure of having to be together because their relationship looked good on paper. Easing back into a comfortable friendship had made them both very happy. However, she was lonely and wanted what her best friend had. What everyone around her in Holland Springs had-someone to love and be loved by. Someone to come home to and eat dinner with every night. Someone to discuss the sweetest mundane things, like picking out paint samples and debating where the next flower bed in their yard should go.

Neither Christian Romanov, the man, nor Ian Romanov, the actor, was good or realistic for what she wanted. She needed to be on guard with his easy charm. This afternoon proved the hows and whys of it.

"Are you still not speaking to me?" He grabbed a bottle of beer from a nearby treasure chest full of ice and drinks, then plopped down in the chair beside hers.

"What do you want me to say?"

His jaw worked. "Thank you for staying."

She closed her eyes briefly, trying to not let his apology sway her determination to stay closed off to him. "I didn't do it for you."

"Whatever your motivation, I'm genuinely happy you're still here."

"So you say."

He leaned into her line of sight, blocking her view. "You're on Twitter?"

His muscular back made her mouth water. "I'm working." Her screen replaced the amazing view of his body. Her followers would probably love for her to tweet a poolside picture of a half-naked movie star like Christian. Forget her followers, Christian would love for her to tweet their picture together.

"All work and no play makes a dull Zoe," he teased, pushing the drink closer to her.

She pushed it back, hitting a cluster of candles. The drink sloshed over one side, and she inwardly groaned. So much for cool indifference. "All play and no work makes me broke. Could you hand me a towel?"

He grabbed a cloth napkin from the extras cleverly displayed in a colorful beach bucket. Instead of handing it to her, he made quick work of cleaning up her mess. Her heart did a little somersault, despite her brain telling it to stay firmly in place

"Why don't you follow me on Twitter? I could tweet our picture."

"Hmpf." She scowled at him.

"I'll take that as a definitive 'no'."

"Sorry, I'm more of a leader." She took a sip of her drink. "But thank you for the drink and cleaning up my mess."

"My pleasure."

A waitress hurried over, taking the dirty towel from him and promising to return with another drink for her.

Motioning at her screen, he asked, "You follow Homer Simpson?"

"So?"

"I follow him, too." He grinned, then tilted his head to the side and bit his bottom lip. The gesture so familiar and endearing that she found it impossible to stay mad at him, like a sensible woman would. Apparently, sensible women were not allowed in Vegas. "What would you say if I asked you to stay longer? We Homer Simpson fans need to stick together. Possibly form a club."

Maybe this was the way to finally talk to him about that night and the next day. Only she was too much of a coward to bring it up right now, and poolside in front of his friends wasn't exactly the right place either. One could even argue that she owed it to Christian, and that helping him would be a quick way to ease her guilty conscience. How long was too long to make someone pay for a bad deed, especially when they had no idea they'd been paying all along?

"Guess you'll have to ask to find out."

Her jaw almost dropped when he got on his knees in front of her, moving her laptop and taking her hand in his as everyone watched.

"Zoe, most beautiful woman in Vegas, whose name doesn't mean awesome but should." He winked at her and she couldn't help but giggle. "This most humble of servants asks, nay, begs you to come play with him in the pool. Grace us-me with your presence." He kissed her hand.

She melted into another puddle of Zoe goo.

Chapter Eight

Christian nearly fist pumped the air when she agreed. It had been pure torture respecting Zoe's request to leave her alone. He had remained entirely aware of her every move, her every frown and expression as she typed and texted. As she spoke to the twins and laughed at whatever they'd been discussing. As she did anything and everything to keep his attention riveted on her. Extraordinary things like breathing.

She pulled off her cover-up, revealing what he'd been missing as much as her wit. She kicked off her shoes, one narrowly missing his nose.

Dangerous woman.

She shook her head. Her cheeks were stained a light pink. He didn't think it was from the sun. Her next words confirmed it. "You know, I'm really not this clumsy back home."

He winked. "I feel honored."

She walked toward the pool, hips swaying enticingly. Hypnotizing him with her gait, with her perfect ass that jiggled in all the right places. He swallowed a groan of appreciation.

The women he usually dated were made of sharp planes and angles that photographed well. Some men, like Wade, preferred a lean body, but Christian loved to be with women who looked and felt like Zoe. Soft and welcoming...damn near impossible to find in Los Angeles.

"I'll be right back." She turned, walking in the direction of the entrance to the hotel. "I have to use the ladies' room."

"There's one at the back of the cabana; it's connected to a suite," Brennen called out, a shit-eating grin on his face.

"I thought there wasn't any other place to change but in the hotel." She looked at Christian, her mouth forming a perfect O as understanding dawned.

Oh, hell. He was in trouble now. "What?"

She shook her finger at him. "You're on my bad list. Way up there. All circled and starred. Maybe even underlined in red permanent marker."

"You can't blame a bloke for trying."

She shoved past him, giving him an extra bump with her hip. He lost his footing on the slippery surface and went over the edge of the pool. Cold water rushed up his nose and in his mouth.

Breaking through the water's surface, he shook his head like a dog. In the background he could hear Wade and Brennen laughing their asses off at him.

"That's what you get for not telling the truth." Zoe teetered at the edge of the pool. Her purple painted toenails had little yellow flowers in the center of each. They were cute. Sexy even. They were making him reconsider that feet weren't his particular thing.

Finally, he gave up and grinned. "I might have deserved that." He grabbed her ankle and tugged. She fell into the pool and his arms with a squeal. She was only under the water for a split second before he hauled her up against his chest.

Her black lashes were spiked. Eyes the color of the forest in summer sparkled with humor when she opened them. "Pulling me into the pool doesn't help."

"Don't even think I'll get in there," Vanessa growled.

"She'll melt if she gets wet," Christian whispered. "Don't tell."

Zoe laughed.

"Honestly, I shouldn't be so hard on her." Yeah, Vanessa was ambitious but she wasn't any different from anyone else trying to make it in Hollywood.

Zoe raised her brows. "Kylie and Megan seem nice. They came over and talked with me while you and Brennen were signing autographs. Turns out they're international business majors at NYU with a minor in French." she said, a knowing smile appearing on her face. "They didn't want to hurt your feelings. And they don't like Vanessa, but they're on Spring Break and meeting celebrities sounded fun. She was the one to tell them to act idiotic."

"Maybe next time they'll be a bit smarter about whose advice they choose to follow."

"I hope so." Zoe slid down his body and into the water. "Don't you want to hang out with your friends?"

He searched for Wade and found him in a lounger in front of their cabana while Brennen chatted up a woman with light brown skin and hot pink hair. "No." Zoe brushed against him as she walked up the tiled incline. "You're shorter than I thought," he said. The top of her head came to the base of his neck.

"I've been wearing heels."

"The ones from the airport are my favorite. Wear them for me again?"

"Haven't I done enough for you?"A beach ball whizzed by, smacking her on the side of the face. "Arg!"

What the hell? He turned around as fast as the water would let him, only to see Brennen smiling innocently at them.

"Anonymous drive-by throwing meant for you," Brennen said.

"You." Christian pointed at him."Wait until I get my hands around your neck."

Brennen shook his head. "Do you really think telling me what you're going to do if I wait will make me stick around?"

Christian swam for him, but Brennen managed to get past him. He had almost made it out of the pool when a volleyball from out of nowhere smashed him in the side of the head.

Brennen fell back, sinking to the bottom of the pool. Christian looked around to see who had knocked the prankster flat.

Zoe smiled and wiggled her eyebrows.

"You did that?" He really shouldn't be surprised. The woman had stabbed him at dinner.

Brennen surfaced behind him, laughing and coughing.

"I know how to fight dirty when I need to," Zoe said before thanking some bloke standing by the pool. She turned back to Christian. "Or employ others as my minions." Her hands twisted together in parody of an evil villain.

"I get the distinct feeling there's more than meets the eye when it comes to you."

"Transformers.".

"Would you please stop movie dialogue checking me?"

"Only when you stop using them as a pick-up device."

"Tell me about your family. How's that for a pick-up line?"

"Come sit with me and I will." She swam away from him. Or rather she treaded water and kicked her legs. The woman wasn't remotely athletic and he found that he didn't care.

"Can I come, too?" Brennen asked, rubbing the back of his head.

Christian shoved him under the water again, then followed Zoe to the shallow end and sat down on the ledge next to her. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw his security team encouraging paparazzi to stay away. He directed his attention back to the woman sitting beside him.

She swung her legs back and forth in the water.

"What are you doing?"

"Exercising."

"While seated?"

Wrinkling her nose, she stuck her pink tongue out at him. "Leave my vacation workout alone."

"I give up. There's no understanding the female of the species." He flicked water on her arm. "Start talking about your family, sweetheart."

"Let's see, I'm next to the oldest of six. Four brothers and a sister. My parents are still married and don't have lovers." She gave him a sidelong glance.

"Are you the mother of the group?" He imagined Zoe straightening ties, combing hair and fixing bows, all while her own hair was mussed and completely sexy.

"I used to be, but since Carter, he's the oldest, married my best friend, she's taken over the duties. They have a little girl with another on the way. Luke and Logan are the twins. Don't get me started on their personal lives. Heath's a baseball player involved in a love triangle while Evangeline has her music and Reece. They're all extremely talented and know what they want out of life."

Her voice softened as she talked about the family she loved and obviously loved her, too. He envied her, her family, but he didn't begrudge it. Life worked out that way. It was best to deal with the hand you were dealt. Or so he tried to convince himself.

"Cannonball!" Brennen yelled as he made a run for the pool, interrupting their conversation.

Christian moved to shield Zoe, taking the brunt of it. He spit out some water and shook his hair out of his eyes. Oh yeah, the ladies always loved it when a man spit."You okay?"

"Yes." She wiped the water off of her face, then laughed as Brennen did a handstand in the pool, his legs waving in the air."Your friend is such a clown. He's the like the old court jester. Seeing everything, but distracting all with his antics so they won't notice."

"Anyway, what about you?" Christian wanted to know about her not Brennen. The man was a bloody open book. Whatever he thought, he said. No filter. No three second delay. Five second delays had been instituted because of Brennen McGowan's lack of brain to mouth filter.

Green eyes regarded him warily. "What about me?"

"Everyone in your family has someone and a career."

"And?" A smile wobbled on her face.

"Your career is writing. So, who is your someone? Is there a man back home waiting for you? A secret lover that will be video messaging you on Skype?"

"I wouldn't have kissed you last night if there were."

He stroked the soft skin inside her elbow, pleased to see goose bumps appear. "It wouldn't have made you a horrible person if you were involved with someone else. Things happen."

"Things don't just happen," she said, sliding her arm away. "Besides, I don't need a man to be happy."

This conversation was quickly going downhill, even with the confirmation that she was entirely single. "Neither do I. In fact men get on my nerves. They're sloppy. They belch, fart and scratch their balls in public. Then there's the leaving up of the toilet seat issue. Honestly, the list could go on and on."

Zoe laughed so hard that she slipped off the ledge and went under. He sighed and shook his head. She had to be the most accident prone woman in existence. After helping her back up, he grabbed one of the towels to wipe the water off of her face. "Zoe, love, have you considered that the outside world is too dangerous for you?"

"Not everyone is meant to have gravity work for them all of the time. I'm convinced it means I would be a superior astronaut." Her eyes danced. "If it weren't for one or two pesky problems."

"Lack of rocket science degree?" He tapped his chin thoughtfully. "Or is it the suits aren't flattering on anyone?"

"How ever did you know?" she asked, scooting closer to him. "Your turn. I already know about your parents, but what about the rest?"

"Older brother, Sebastian, and he's a pain in my arse," he said, making her laugh again. "What's so funny?"

"You said arse and it made me giggle a little."

"You say y'all and that makes me want to shag you a little." Actually, he wanted to shag her a lot.

"Do you know I can't get any regular tea out here? It's peach or raspberry or some other god-awful flavor." A delicate shudder ran through her body. "Y'all don't know what you're missing."

He knew exactly what he was missing. So did his cock. His board shorts grew tight and he leaned forward slightly. "What made you write your first novel?"

"I had these two characters in my head that appeared out of nowhere one day. They had a story and chose me to write it." Her eyes got a faraway look to them. "Katrina and Dimitri are destined to be together. No matter the odds or what side of the spy world they're on."

He kind of liked that, but wasn't Dimitri the villain? "I have a confession: I read your book...and liked it."

"Then why do you look like you've eaten something vile?"

"It's a girl book."

"That's being made into a movie you want to be in," Zoe reminded him.

"As the villain." He frowned. Why was she so insistent on him playing that particular role?

"He's my favorite character to write," she sighed.

"Really?" He rolled his head to one side, then the other.

She stretched her arms above her head, her br**sts treading the flashing line of her silver top. If she stretched just a little bit more, he'd be able to see her ni**les. "You're doing really well by the way."

He jerked his eyes back to her face. "Er, thank you."

"You have no clue what I'm talking about, do you?"

"Not in the slightest."

The corners of her mouth pushed up. "We've been having an honest-to-goodness conversation for a while now and you only hit on me once."

"I aim to please, ma'am," he said in his best Wild West accent and she burst out laughing again. God, he could listen to her laugh for days on end. He would make it his mission to keep her exactly as she was at this moment: Sitting in the sun smiling, with wisps of dark hair curling around her face as she treated him like a man, not a movie star.

"Saw you staring, by the way."

Heat pricked at the back of his neck. "I'm sorry?"

"I might have liked it."

"Really?" Good God, could he come up with better replies than this? His so-called smooth lines were rougher than a cold reading of a script.

She held out her finger and thumb, bringing them together until they almost touched. "A little."

"Shall I do it again?"

"I think you've exceeded your ogling limit." She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, a tiny purple flip flop decorating the lobe. "What time is it?"

He glanced at his watch. "Almost five," he replied. "Why? Big date?"

Her cheeks, reddened by the sun, turned pinker. "Actually, yes. I met this guy in the lobby and he wanted to apologize for tripping me in the airport. He texted me while you were otherwise occupied in the pool earlier."

That wasn't in the realm of acceptable answers to his question. "You're going out with that lawyer? And he has your number? I don't have your number." She'd just met the guy. He could be some homicidal maniac or, more importantly, interested in having sex with her. Besides, Christian had been interested in having sex with her first.

Holy mother of God, when had he ever thought such blatantly possessive and juvenile things about a woman?

"You didn't ask."

She had a point, but logic be damned. "Give me your number and I'll take you out instead of Mr. Brooks Brothers Suit. We'll go to one of the clubs, then hit up a bar that has fantastic VIP rooms."

Green eyes narrowed. "Taylor Harper and I have reservations at Gigi's in two hours. That's what grown people do. Go out on real dates, at real places and eat real food."

"But Gigi's is where you take a woman when you want to do things with her," Christian said, trying to ignore the darts of jealousy hitting him in the chest. "Of the sexual kind," he growled.

"Does that mean you have a frequent diner card with them? Or a table always on reserve?"

She was so close to the truth that it galled him. "Cancel your date."

Instead of answering him, she got out of the pool and walked toward the private cabana. Vanessa texted on her phone while Wade snored.

Christian trailed after the small, wet footprints on the tile.

After wrapping a towel around her body, she collected her belongings. "Thanks for inviting me to hang out with you."

"That's it-after what happened in the elevator and today?"

Sighing, she picked up her bag and hefted it on her shoulder. "It was a mistake I enjoyed making at the time while today was...the two of us playing it up to the public."

"Not buying it. You don't operate that way."

"But it's how you operate." She moved to the entrance of the cabana, pausing at the opening. "I can admit I'm attracted to you, Christian, but I'm not attracted to your lifestyle, your ideas of dating or temporarily changing your ways to get your way."

His jaw tightened, the pressure giving way to pain. "I'm not doing this to get my way."

"Then own the mistake of the pictures before they go viral."

"It's not that simple."

Disappointment colored her features. Her shoulders drooped a little. "You can keep my book. Consider it a gift, and I truly hope you get the part of Dimitri." Once again, she walked away from him and what he offered. She stopped, turned back and gazed at him.

"Yes?" Had she changed her mind? Doubtful, but hope sparked inside of him anyway.

"Everyone deserves the chance to redeem themself." She shifted from one foot to the other. "So if you'd still like my help tomorrow, I'm available. Emphasis on the word help. Nothing more."

Relief eased the pain in his jaw. "More than I deserve."

"See you later."

"Count on it."

He kept an eye on her as she made her way through the maze of chairs, tables and people. Ideas zoomed around in his head as he plotted. There was no way in hell Taylor Harper would be on any date with Zoe, not tonight or for the rest of his stay. No matter how Cro-Magnon it sounded, Christian had already staked his claim on her.

"It's Ian Romanov," someone squealed and he whirled around. A large group of fans rushed him, but his bodyguards quickly secured the area.

"It's okay Nathan, Henry. I've got this." A genuine smile kicked up the corners of his mouth as he greeted the people that made him famous.

Chapter Nine

Christian knocked on the hotel room door, slid the key in the slot and turned the knob. He opened the door a crack and called out, "Housekeeping."

"I think you have the wrong room." Zoe appeared before him, wearing a plush robe and a towel wrapped turban style around her hair. Her jaw dropped when their eyes met. "Have you lost your mind?"

"Actually, yes." He stepped inside and shut the door behind him.

"Get out. I have a date to finish getting ready for." Her lips puckered liked she'd just swallowed a lemon. It was becoming her signature expression when he annoyed her. He rather liked it.

Noting the absence of flowers and an abundance of clothes scattered everywhere, Christian raked a hand through his hair in annoyance. "Where are your flowers?"

She tilted her head to one side, hands fisting on her hips. "You broke into my hotel room to ask about flowers?"

"Can't accuse me of that crime, love." He waved the room key in his hand. "I got this all fair and square." Nicking it from the housekeeper's cart had been good use of the skills he'd learned to play a thief, and he might have already had prior practice while attending Eton.

"Way to use your celebrity powers for good."

Her assumptions amused and annoyed him at the same time. "Wasn't my celebrity she was after, Zoe."

"Keep telling yourself that, Ian." She bent at the waist and shook her hair out of the towel. When she stood, it fell over her shoulders in soft, sable-colored waves still damp from the shower. "You need to leave. Taylor will be here soon."

After removing a pair of high heels and a pad of post-its from the nearest chair, Christian slouched down in it. He unbuttoned the top button of his shirt as she stared at him. Just to watch her blush, he unbuttoned the two more. "He's not coming."

"Yes, he is," she insisted as the room's phone rang. "Who would be calling me?"

"Taylor Harper calling to cancel," he said under his breath. Amazing what people would do with the right incentive. While she talked, Christian played 'Angry Birds' on his phone.

Turning, her eyes narrowed to slits. "I can't believe you talked him into standing me up."

"May I point out that he called to cancel, which is entirely different than being stood up." A towel smacked him in the head when he looked down again and he lost his momentum. "Hey, I almost had the last pig gone!"

"Who cares about that stupid 'Furious Pigeons' game. You stuck your nose where it doesn't belong," she accused.

"It's called 'Angry Birds'."

"Whatever." Her hands fluttered in the air. "And how would you know it's different? I bet you've never been stood up in your entire life, you asshat."

"Mr. Fulner calls you a prostitute and he's being ugly while I convince a perv not to go out with you and that makes me an asshat? Jesus, woman, get your priorities straight." Christian threw the towel back at her, hitting her in the chest. The towel slid to the floor. "He'd been trying to find nude pictures of you on the internet."

Gasping, she grabbed a pillow off of the bed. "You're so full of it."

Yeah, he was but he didn't give a shit. Besides, the wanker had jumped at the chance to go out with Vanessa, more than happy to cancel his date with Zoe. While Vanessa had been entirely pleased when Christian informed her that Mr. Harper was on retainer for one of the biggest producers in the business.

Zoe smacked him with the pillow.

"Would you stop with the juvenile hitting? One would think a woman knocking on thirty's door would know how to behave with decorum."

"Now you sound like an asshat. For your information, I turned twenty eight last week." She thumped him again, harder this time.

"Stop hitting me." He shot up from his chair, dropping his phone on the bed. He grabbed her by the wrist, trying to prevent her from smacking him again.

"Don't touch me."

"Give me the bloody pillow."

She managed to get in another blow. He jerked her to him, one arm snaking around her back to grab the pillow from her. A sound of pure pain left her lips. Horrified, he released her. "I'm sorry...I"

"You didn't-it's me," she said.

"Oh, hell. Sunburn?"

Tears leaked from her eyes as she nodded. "I didn't realize how bad until after I showered and looked at my back in the mirror. And I can't get the aloe where it needs to go," she said with a little sniff, then laugh. "I didn't know how I was going to get through my date tonight. The robe was killing me."

He gently wiped her tears away with the pads of his thumbs. "Let me. It's the least I can do for being an asshat."

Zoe eyed him, wondering if this was another trick to try get her nude.

"I promise to be very clinical as I go about it."

"The bottle of aloe is over there." She pointed at the small table placed beside the windows in the room. Turning away from him, she let her robe fall to her waist.

Christian cursed. "I knew I should've told you to put on more sunscreen," he said, sweeping her hair away. "Do you have something to hold all this up?"

"I did reapply. Megan, one of the twins, helped me get my back, but it wasn't enough." Zoe gathered her hair, taking the hair tie off of her wrist, and placed in a loose knot. She heard him open the plastic bottle and squeeze the green liquid in his hands.

"This might be a little-"

"C-cold."

His fingers glided, whisper light over her shoulders and down her back. She moaned as the liquid cooled her reddened skin.

"More?"

"Please." Before she could finish saying the word, he spread more aloe on her skin. Then he stopped.

"Better now?"

She pulled the robe up and turned to face him. It made absolutely no sense she was disappointed he'd done exactly as he promised. "Thank you."

He clapped his hands together. "Now that I've ruined any chance of you wanting to ever spend time with me again, I'll be off."

"Wait." Taking a chance and a deep breath, she said, "Let's go out to dinner."

"Says the woman whose robe was killing her."

Gritting her teeth, she strode to the closet and started pulling shirts and dresses out. "I'm sure there's something backless in here that I could wear." She found a dark green halter-top and held it up. "Ah-ha."

"Won't work."

"Oh ye of little faith. I'll be right back." Taking the shirt off of the hanger, she moved to the bathroom, closing the door behind her. She shrugged off her robe and hung it on the back of the door.

Crap, she forgot her skirt. Didn't matter-she'd get it in a minute. Slipping the shirt over her head, she bit her lip as the material scraped against her skin. She blew out a steadying breath, then quickly tied the straps behind her neck and grabbed a towel to wrap around her waist.

Christian sat in the chair near the window, playing on his cell as she entered the bedroom. "Tada!"

Glancing up at her, he frowned. "That particular shade of green nearly matches the color of your face." He rose from the bed. "Turn around."

After she did as he asked, she flashed a smile. "Satisfied?" Yep, she was an idiot. The shirt hurt like hell.

"Satisfied with you being in pain? Hardly."

Conceding defeat, she tugged at the straps around her neck. "You can go. I'll stay here and order in."

"Scissors."

"What?"

He walked around her, loosening the material of the shirt from where it hit her back. "If you had some scissors, I could cut the material down to the hem. You aren't burnt there." His fingers lightly touched the skin between her shirt and the towel. "What's under this?"

"Very skimpy lingerie." She slammed her hand against her mouth. What possessed her to say that?

"For Taylor?"

Shaking her head, she kept her palm pressed firmly against her lips. There was no telling what she might blurt out next.

"Can't be for me either."

It was for herself. She loved lingerie. Sexy, trashy or classy-it didn't matter. "I don't have any scissors," she said, her words muffled by her fingers.

"Let's get this shirt off of you, shall we?" The shirt slipped over her shoulder and head, much easier this time. "Don't move."

Puzzled, she stayed where she was. The tips of his fingers traced the edge of the towel at her waist. "What are you doing?"

"Contemplating whether or not it would be worth it to pull this away. Would one glimpse of your body be worth getting kicked out of your room?" The material of the towel grew tight. His breath stirred her hair. "I think it would be."

She closed her eyes, waiting for the inevitable.

There was a knock on the door. She jumped, her eyes opening.

"I ordered room service." He threw the halter-top on the bed. "Do you have a loose t-shirt to wear?"

Nodding, she moved to the dressing area and grabbed the first one she found in the top dresser drawer, then pushed her head through the opening. While Christian opened the door and talked to The Oasis employee, she changed out of her lingerie and into a pair of blue and green striped pajama bottoms.

The cotton shirt didn't hurt too badly.

She applied mascara and clear lip gloss. Yeah, she wasn't going out, but she liked the way makeup made her feel. She heard the door close.

Walking into the bedroom, she blinked at the two carts of food. "How many people were you planning to feed?"

"Wasn't sure what you liked." Christian gestured at the bed. "Make yourself comfortable. I'll be at your service."

"My every beck and call?" she asked, crawling on the bed and settling herself against the fabric headboard.

"Of course." His eyes roamed her body, making her entirely conscious of the fact that she was in bed, and waiting for him to join. She was also aware of the fact that she wasn't the first woman to do so, nor would she be the last.

"How will staying in my hotel room, where no one can see us, help your image problem?"

He opened lids and unwrapped platters of food. The aroma made her mouth water. "It won't."

"Then why are you here?"

"All part of my evil plan to get you into bed." Glancing up at her, the corner of his mouth quirked. "Mission accomplished."

Grabbing one of the remaining pillows on the bed, she shook it at him. "That's all you'll be accomplishing tonight." Their fingers touched as she traded the pillow for a glass of water. "So what are we doing?"

The mattress dipped under his weight. He set two plates of assorted chocolate covered fruit beside him. "Labels are important to you?"

She hesitated, then said, "When it comes to what I'm doing or who I'm spending time with? Yes."

"Chocolate covered strawberry?" At her nod, he held it up to her mouth. "Bite."

Mouthful of chocolatey goodness, she moaned. "So good."

"Did you ever see the film, Two Weeks in Bollywood?"

"No."

He ate the rest of her strawberry, his lips in the exact spot hers had been. Then he picked up another piece of fruit. Except he didn't eat his food like a normal person, he savored and shared it with her. Offering her the first bite, taking a bite for himself and then feeding her the rest. His fingers dusting her lips, her chin and jaw each time. Desire sparked, sending heat to very specific places that remembered him, his touch.

"Small budget, even smaller release in the European market. Anyway, the main couple accidentally met at this out of the way restaurant that usually only the locals frequented, because of an order mix-up. Talking ensues. Then Ajay and Penelope end up having dinner together that night and every night for a week, getting to know one another without the constraints of their families or careers. A love affair is the direct result of said dinners. Unfortunately, he ends up dying at the end in a freak car accident while on the way to the airport to stop her from going back to London. Never gets to confess his undying love to her and she mourns him forever." He raised his brows at her frown. "Sorry, not a happily ever after type of movie."

Was this a warning directly from the horse's mouth? She scrunched her forehead. "I'm not following."

"Damn, this is a first." Grimacing, he wiped his hands with a cloth napkin. "What I'm saying is that I'd like to get to know you without cameras around. I want to be able to be me."

"So everything, the dinner, in the elevator and by the pool today was an act?"

"Not precisely. In public I always have to be on-good day or bad. Sick or well. Death in the family or baby born. Doesn't matter." He threw the napkin on the bedside table and cleared away the empty plates. "I'd like to be a normal bloke for once, spending time with a woman, who despite knowing who I am, isn't with me because of it."

"But we are together because of it. You asked me to be seen with you." No matter how tempting his words, she would stay sensible.

Undeterred, he said, "Think of it as the inciting incident to throw us together."

"Okay."

He clapped his hands, then rubbed them together and sat down beside her on the bed. "Brilliant. And go."

"As in action?" At his nod, she looked around the room. She hadn't been on a date in years. Not the get to know you kind, anyway. "Tell me why you got into acting. What motivated you?"

"Money and women aren't enough?"

Rolling her eyes, she said, "Then tell me how you get into character instead."

"When I take on a character I talk to myself in the mirror and make the facial expressions that they would. I become that person. I assume their habits, attitude, swagger, what have you, but lately, it's been getting kind of..."

"Easy?"

"Exactly, easy and boring. Not that it's not challenging, but now it's more physical than mental. You know: run here, look intense. Jump on top of that and look really concerned." The bed dipped as he moved closer. "At first I only took parts for what they inspired in me and what they could inspire in others, but now it's just for the payout."

"Have you ever considered going back to the way things were before?"

In the blink of an eye Christian was back on. "And miss out on running into you at the airport? Never."

"You would've avoided being stabbed."

He rubbed his chin. "Your version of foreplay is rather violent and bloody."

"While your version of flirting is rather graphic and smug."

"Can't help what I am, love."

"So humble."

"Always." He gave her a wicked smile and wink, then sobered. "Can we stop with the acting questions? It's all people expect me to talk about. You could tell me about the first time we met."

He wasn't the first man or woman in history to forget who they made out with at a New Year's Eve party, but it didn't stop her from saying, "Or you could share that story since I'm...what was the word you used-unforgettable?"

"Sorry about that."Cheeks turning red, he looked down and pulled his cell out of his pocket, playing with the screen. He acted as if he were ashamed of his behavior, only that was the problem. He was a really good actor. "I've spent most of my life drunk, high or a combination of the two. I can't remember a lot of people or the things I've done. It's one of the reasons why I need you."

This time, the sharp pain she'd been expecting didn't come. It was still there, only dulled. Manageable. Searching her brain, she tried to think of topics that didn't involve his previously hurtful behavior. Maybe this was why talking was over-rated. They needed to do something.

The carts loaded with uneaten food caught her eye. She touched his leg and his head jerked up. "Want to do something fun?"

"That is the naughtiest I've seen you look thus far-I'm in."

***

"Best two out of three."

"No more," she laughed, white teeth flashing at him as more hair cascaded over her shoulders.

A cotton candy-colored tongue licked at her sweet lips and he had to adjust himself. Again. Make that for the five hundredth time. He would be sporting blue balls come tomorrow. "Not even if I promise to let you win this time?"

Talking her into playing 'Angry Birds' with him had been too easy. She'd practically jumped at the chance. A small part of him wondered if it was because she didn't find him interesting beyond his actor's persona.

He had thought she'd had fun while they'd gone door to door, giving away the food he ordered. He'd posed for pictures when people recognized him, and had been gleeful when they didn't. At the last hotel room, when a woman old enough to be his great-grandmother had propositioned him, Zoe had tried to save him by saying, "Are you trying to take my man?"

"Good God, please take me far, far away from here," he'd said under his breath.

Only pervert granny had invited Zoe to join in on the fun as well. Then two of her friends, men wearing black leather and ball gags, appeared at the door.

Zoe had grabbed his hand and shouted, "Run."

They'd taken off, running like zombies were after them. When they'd gotten back to her room, she'd collapsed on the bed breathing hard and giggling. Until he'd tried kissing her, then she'd nearly fallen off the bed in her hurry to get away.

He sighed, then focused his attention on her as he waited for her answer.

"I'm really tired. At home it's almost five in the morning, not two," she said.

"Lightweight."

"What will we do next to impress the press?" she asked, handing him the iPad he had sent down from his penthouse. As soon as he learned she didn't have one, he'd ordered one from the nearest store. He couldn't wait for her to get it.

"I take it you've forgiven me?"

"Ordering things covered with chocolate helped your cause. Besides, I'm a sucker for-"

"Handsome English actors with a big... bank account?"

"I was going to say the runt of the litter. You know the one that gets tossed to the side because he's not big enough." Without knowing it, her remark hit a little too close to home.

"You would choose what no one else wants." He set the iPad to the side.

She briefly touched his cheek. "Christian Romanov, there is more to you than meets the public eye."

His skin felt too tight for his body and an uneasy silence settle between them. But she didn't say more. Didn't try to press him. Just looked at him with her dark eyes and waited patiently for him to decide his fate. Their fate.

What the hell was wrong with him? This was just a date. And not even a planned one. "I'll take you where ever you want," Christian said after regaining his composure. "We'll call it a late birthday present."

"Fly me to Paris and let's eat at an outdoor cafe where they serve fancy coffee in small cups," she said with a dreamy sigh.

"Ah, yes, I should have guessed the romance author would want to go there. Got a passport handy?"

"Believe it or not, I do. Melanie-my best friend-must have slipped it in my carry-on."

"Brilliant. We can go tomorrow then." He'd arrange everything when he got back to his room. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, they should be in Paris before dinner.

"I'm only teasing, but..." she said, her expression completely serious.

An uneasy feeling passed through him. "But what?"

Her lashes lowered. "I have to confess something and it might change your opinion of me."

"Doubtful."

She waved him closer and whispered, "I don't like coffee, not even the all decorated not to taste like coffee, er, coffee."

He widened his eyes in mock horror. "I can't be seen with a woman with such unrefined taste."

"Didn't stop you when you dated Jaylen Stone."

Not what he was expecting. "You really want to know about my past?"

She nodded, plucking at the comforter. "What would you do if she suddenly turned up again? You know, if fate threw her back into your life and things seemed different? She was different, nothing like you remembered."

"I don't get back together with exes, especially ones that aren't truthful with me," he said sharply, making her draw back from him.

"What if she apologized and had a really good reason for being untruthful?"

"I might be able to forgive, but forget is a whole other story." Grudges were championed like ancient Roman Gladiators in his family. "Besides, she isn't the only woman in the world."

"Must be nice to have a choice,' she said, laying her head down on the pillow and staring up at him.

He made it easier for her and plumped up the pillow closest to him. The cool fabric under his face wasn't as smooth as his pillows. Maybe he should send some down to her. Or better yet, have her sleep over. "I would think a woman like you has lots of choices. You've got me and Taylor Harper chasing after you."

She laughed, the sound doing funny things to the beat of his heart. "I'm not a player. That would be you."

"The politically correct term is 'playa' and I'm not really. The most ridiculous crap is made up about me on a daily basis."

"Like?"

He thought for a minute, then said, "Not too long ago, I was working on a movie in Vancouver. Every night I had dinner with the cast and because most of the time I sat beside Vivian Cross, it was reported that we were having an affair. What wasn't reported was that her husband was seated on the opposite side of her and she barely paid me any attention. They got the one shot where she asked me to pass the salt or something. Instant headlines."

"Oh."

"Don't tell me you believed it, too." He hoped not. For some reason he wanted Zoe to think the best about him. Her approval meant more to him than anything, almost as much as B.T. S.'s.

"It doesn't matter what I believe. The only thing that counts is if you can live with your decisions and their consequences."

"It wasn't my decision to sit next to her nearly every night."

Zoe sighed. "But it was your decision to cultivate the reputation you have. One that gives credibility to headlines like that."

She was right, yet so very wrong. "Vivian never had a reputation like that, not before she was seated beside me. How's that her fault?"

"I didn't think about that." She closed her eyes, dark lashes fanning to touch the tops of her cheeks. He wanted to kiss her there, then work his way down to her jaw and nibble until he found her lips. "I guess everyone deserves the benefit of the doubt. That maybe what we think is the truth really isn't."

"No, sometimes it is exactly what it is." He was the one in those pictures, doing reprehensible things. No one had to manipulate his image.

Her eyes popped open, anxiety filling them. "There's something we need to talk about."

He panicked, thinking that she was done with him. That he wasn't worth the hassle of the press and the lies. "Want to know something extremely true and possibly humiliating?

Anxiety gave way to curiosity. "I'm all ears."

"I play piano and guitar by ear. And I collect PEZ dispensers."

"Who would've thought silly candy dispensers would be so on the down low."

Silly candy dispensers? "I have you know that I take my collection very seriously. Last summer, I attended the PEZ Convention in Austria and plan on going to the one in Myrtle Beach this November."

"You go to conventions?"

"One must be taken seriously on the loops I subscribe to on Yahoo." He tapped his chin. "I hope to find the elusive Elvis collection someday."

"No wonder you don't tell anyone," she mumbled, then cleared her throat. "Let's move on."

"Brilliant idea." He could prattle on endlessly about PEZ. The history, the elusive ten, and how they should be properly displayed. He closed his eyes as her fingers traced his lips and jaw. Now his only thoughts were to keep his hands to himself. To let her take the lead.

"Can you play anything you hear?"

"I've perfect ears."

Her fingers stilled. "Don't you mean perfect pitch?"

"It's all the same. I'm in a word: perfect." Perfectly screwed up in the head. His family was perfectly happy being estranged from one another. He opened his eyes.

"Perfectly full of hubris."

"There you go with the big words. I'll have to consult dictionary.com to converse with you." He rolled onto his back and shoved his arms behind his head, staring up at the ceiling. "Your turn."

She made a pfft sound. "I'm not blogged about."

"Now you are."

"Yay me," she grumbled.

He felt her slide over to him until her head rested on his chest. A sign that she wanted to be touched. Slowly, he uncrossed an arm and started sifting his fingers through her thick hair. "I'm waiting."

"I was engaged until six months. His name was-is-Gabriel Edwards and my parents loved him. Or at least my mother did," she snorted. "Who am I kidding? She still does and she's still mad at me for ruining her plans."

Wonder what Zoe would think if he told her that he was sublimely happy that she was no longer getting married. "What happened?"

"It was either him or my career."

"You chose writing over love?" Somehow, this struck him wrong. Zoe, despite her protests to the contrary, was very traditional, very romantic at heart.

"When you love someone, it shouldn't matter what they do. Serial killers and people who make chocolate covered raisins excluded."

"We really need to work on your sense of humor."

"Daniel Tosh gives me all the finer points of comedy when he performs."

"You know him?"

"Only by his 140 characters," she said.

"Your choices are bizarre to say the least," he said. "Do you still see your ex?"

She nodded. "From a small town, remember. And we keep the babies in the nursery every Sunday." Her fingers slip between the placket of buttons, stroking the skin underneath. Her touch light, but potent.

"Breaking up with Gabriel was the best decision I've ever made. We're much better at being friends, always have been," she added.

"Then why were you together at all?"

Her body tensed. "He was there for me when I needed someone the most."

"I'm glad." He meant it.

"Have you ever been in love?" she asked, her voice soft.

"When I was younger, I was in love with a lot of women-or at least I thought so. Most likely I was thinking with my manly parts," he said with a grin. "Like most men."

"Was there one in particular that meant more than the others?"

There had been one, but how obsessive would he sound revealing this to her? How pathetic would it sound to say that he still dreamed about a redheaded woman with brown eyes? A woman he'd met at a masked ball and had known for only a few hours. Falling back on what was easiest, he said, "Even if I had been sober at the time, it's been so long that I can't remember their names. They all start to blur together into colors: blonde, redhead, brunette, light skin, dark skin." As soon as the words left his mouth, he wanted to snatch them back and bury them in a remote location that was thousands of miles away from Zoe's ears.

"You need to leave."

He sat up when she did, trying to catch her eye. "I sounded like a wanker just then, trying to make you jealous." Oh that made it all better. Bloody idiot.

"Don't worry. I'm not jealous of any woman that's been with you. I wish them all the best: past, present, and future." She rose from the bed, then turned to face him. "This isn't going to work."

The hell it wasn't. He pushed off of the bed and walked to her, catching her chin before she turned away. "Sweetheart, I wasn't trying to hurt your feelings. I was just talking. Letting you get to know the real me."

"Don't do me any favors. You know the way out." She practically ran to the bathroom, the door slamming shut behind her.

He knocked on the door. "Come out, Zoe. Don't end our tenth date like this."

"It's not a date and you can't count."

"Baby, we've spent almost twenty hours together in the past two days. Let's just say that a regular date is about two hours-"

"You must do a lot of speed screwing if you have dinner first, and don't call me baby. I'm happy hiding in corners and away from men like you."

Christian wanted to punch the wall in frustration, but kept his cool. "Anyway, by my calculations that makes ten dates or over two months. It's well known that in the third month of courtship-"Had he seriously just used the word courtship in a sentence?"-a couple should take a trip to Paris for dinner at an outdoor cafe that does not serve coffee. Then a walk along the Champs Elysees and a kiss on the observation deck of the Eiffel Tower at midnight. Unless you choose to stab me again. Or throw me over the edge. Allow me to wear a bungee cord around my ankle, and I'll willingly offer myself as sacrifice."

He heard a loud sniff.

"Stop trying to make me laugh."

"I'm not leaving until you come out here and kiss me good night."

"You'll be waiting a long time then."

"No problem for me. I've got a king sized bed to keep me warm and comfy."

The door cracked open. She stuck her head out, her face splotchy from tears. "You win."

The sight tugged at his heart. He pulled her to him, careful to do so by her elbows. Which, by some miracle, hadn't been burned. "It's not a contest." He briefly closed his eyes as her full br**sts pressed against him, only her loose shirt separating them. "But if it were, you would win. Hands down."

"I don't know what to think or do about you," she said.

"Kiss me good night. That doesn't require much thinking on your part."

Their lips met, in the briefest, yet sweetest kiss of his life.

She blinked up at him, black lashes wet and spiky. "I think I want to see you again."

Chapter Ten

Zoe stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep past eight a.m. despite the late night she'd had with Christian.

She had been surprised to find that she really enjoyed being with him. He teased her, talked to her and didn't mind her klutziness. She had come so close to telling him the truth, especially after their conversation about the lies made up about him and his co-star.

But in the end she'd chickened out and had become so furious that he couldn't remember something so simple as a woman's name.

Then came his apology, his kiss. Her poor heart and traitorous body had all kinds of trouble connecting the dots to fully understand what had lay before her: heartless playboy or misunderstood man. She really wanted him to be misunderstood, or to have at least grown up from the last time she'd met him.

There was a knock on her hotel room door.

Rising from the bed, she grabbed her robe, tightened the sash and opened the door. Nothing prepared her for what lay on the other side. Vases of sunflowers loaded on carts came pouring into her room. Soon the blossoms overfilled her room.

At the end of the flower parade came the best surprise of all, Christian wearing low slung jeans, a graphic tee and holding an enormous box of dark chocolate truffles. He smiled at her. His eyes looked tired, but in no way detracted from his sheer sexiness. In fact it only served to enhance it.

Zoe did a little jumpy clap and then sat down on the one spot of the bed that wasn't covered in flowers. "This is the best surprise ever," she said, blushing at her idiotic move. "How did you know sunflowers were my favorite?"

"Read an interview you did." Christian's finger tapped his freshly shaven cheek. "Kiss me right here." She happily obliged him. "Go get dressed, sweetheart."

"But it's so early." She stood up, then stretched. Her back was only a little sore this morning.

"You can sleep on the way." He lightly tapped her on her bottom.

She shot him a dirty look. "You're not the boss of me."

"That's what you think," he said, his easy charm making her eyes roll.

***

"Where are you taking me?" Zoe asked as the private jet took off.

Out of habit, she gripped the arms of supple leather chair, then relaxed as the jet righted itself. The interior was everything she'd imagined one to be: Wainscoting and cream walls, groups of chairs placed around tables large enough to eat and play games. A large corner sofa done in a pale green looked wide enough for two people to sleep on. To her right a widescreen television displayed two soccer teams playing.

Maybe Christian wouldn't mind if she took some pictures with her phone, for research purposes. This kind of jet was exactly like the one Dimitri would fly on. Guilt pricked at her. There was no way she'd ask him, nor would she take any pictures.

"I thought you liked surprises," Christian said as he texted. "Why don't you try to beat my score at 'Angry Birds' while I take care of some things?"

"That sounds fun, but I want to sleep." She leaned back and closed her eyes.

"Go to the back of the plane, first three doors on your left. I have extra clothes hanging in each closet, so if you'd like to borrow something to sleep in, be my guest. However, choose your sleeping quarters wisely, because one is mine," he said, his eyes crinkling at the corner. "But no pressure."

She stood, moving in the direction of the bedrooms. "I'll keep that in mind."

After using the bathroom, she stripped down to her panties and searched through the closet, finding a soft yellow t-shirt. She wasn't sure if the bedroom she'd chosen was his, and she was so tired that it didn't matter. She pulled on one of Christian soft tees and crawled into bed, sighing as the cool sheets whispered against her skin.

In what seemed like seconds later, she opened her eyes and found Christian sprawled out beside her. His large, lean body took up most of the bed as he slept. Gold-tipped lashes rested on his cheeks and his sensual mouth was slightly parted. Unfortunately, he didn't look sweet or innocent while he slept.

Her brain told her to leave the room and find another, but her body refused to cooperate. As a compromise, she tried going back to sleep, but found it to be elusive. She must have slept far longer than she thought.

Tentatively, she reached out to trace Christian's lips and jaw line. A small sweep of his eyebrows had her complaining about men and indecently long lashes. Of course, Johnny Depp costumed as a pirate come to mind. "Eyeliner would look hot on you."

"Any time you want."

"Argh," she shrieked, almost falling off the edge of the bed.

Saving her, he caught hold of her arm and pulled against him. "How's the sunburn?"

"Much better," she gulped. Her ni**les grew hard, tightening to the point of pain.

"Am I allowed to touch you?"

Nodding, her heart slammed against her chest. "Just go slow."

"I wouldn't dream of hurting you." His hand smoothed down her back, finding her butt and cupping a cheek. "Does this hurt?"

"No."

He kissed her forehead. "Your turn."

"Why are you in my bed?" she asked, squeezing her eyes shut.

"I meant it was your turn to touch me." Laughter rumbled from his chest. "Technically, every bed is mine since I own the plane." His lips brushed her eyebrows, then her nose. "Have you figured out where I'm taking you?"

"In here?"

He pulled her thigh over his. She grabbed his butt, firm and muscular from the hours of exercise he put in to stay in shape. "Bold move, love. I like it." Boxer briefs did little to hide his arousal as he pressed it against her. He was hard and thick. She grew wet, heated. "Now, guess again."

"India?" Opening her eyes, she slid her other hand up his muscular chest.

Rolling her to her back, he lowered his mouth, hovering it millimeters away from her lips. "Is this allowed, too?"

"Yes," she exhaled on a moan as he rocked against her. She ached all over. For him. "Are you taking me to Hawaii?"

"Nope." He nibbled on her bottom lip, still not kissing her. In fact he was driving her insane with wanting him. "Guess again."

She wrapped her legs around his waist. His hands slid into her hair, gently rubbing at the scalp. "Timbuktu?"

His teeth found her ear and bit down. Hard. Just the way she liked it.

"Getting warmer."

No, she was getting hotter. Volcanic. "Norway?" Now his talented tongue and lips had found the hollow of her throat.

"Too cold. Come on, baby, you're not even trying. Think."

But she couldn't as his hands slid from her hair and cupped her br**sts, lifting them up for his pleasure. His tongue flicked out on each nipple, making her arch her back and sink her hands into his hair to draw him closer. The t-shirt she wore became wet from his ministrations. His hot mouth opened over a nipple. She cried out when he began to suckle through the cotton material. His hips moved, the hard part of him grinding into her in the most delicious way.

Her hands fell away, searching for sheets that she needed to grip. "Oh God."

Slowly, he edged the t-shirt upward, baring her skin to him. He pressed open mouth kisses to her stomach, blazing a path downward. His tongue circled her bellybutton. "Zoe, let me take care of you. Let me touch you here." His thumb slipped under the edge of her panties, a teasing caress.

"I-I..." She arched into his palm as he cupped her, trembling at his touch. He licked the insides of each thigh, then bit them. Lick, nibble and bite. Over and over, he followed this pattern. Driving her to a blinding point of need, until she grabbed his head and guided him where she wanted him the most.

"You're so wet for me."

Zoe looked into his passion-filled eyes. The satisfied expression on his face, the smile that was triumphant and tender. "Please, Christian."

His smile became wolfish and just as he eased the lace over her hips, a discreet tap on the door sounded. He paused, his fingers letting go of her and flexing.

"Mr. Romanov, we've been contacted for an Angel Flight. Should I tell the pilot to decline or accept?"

"We always accept." He kissed his way back up her body, until she was trembling with desire. "We'll finish this later." His mouth covered hers for a lingering kiss.

"But I don't want to stop." Later was no good. Later she might come to her senses. Later, he might do the same.

"Neither do I, but I don't have much of a choice."

"Yes, you do." She kissed him again, until he was the one trembling and fisting his hands in her hair.

He growled, then turned his head, ending their kiss. "Stop...we have to stop. I'm sorry, but an Angel Flight is for critically ill patients whose family can't afford to get them to the places they need to receive treatment. No matter how much I want you right now, I can't. Please understand."

Her jaw dropped. Finally, she managed to say, "I've never heard about you doing this."

"This isn't about me," he whispered against her lips. "It's about helping other people. The press doesn't need to know everything."

"One last kiss, then you can let me go."

A predatory light filled his eyes. "I don't think I'll ever be able to let you go."

This time his kiss was savage, dominating. Gabriel's kisses had always been affectionate, never crossing the line, and Christian's, well, his had been urgent and passionate before now.

But this? This was something entirely different. His hands tangled in her hair, holding her securely in place while he devoured her mouth. She gripped his shoulders, unable to contain the moans leaving her throat.

"Screw it." He tugged the shirt over her head, pressing his body to her. She pushed at his boxer briefs, desperate for him be inside of her. "I've condoms." At his touch a compartment in the headboard slid open, an opened box of condoms prominently displayed.

Plunging her hand inside the box, she snagged the one first one and handed it to him. "Put it on."

Foil tore, the rest of their clothes thrown to the floor. The head of his penis at entrance of her sex, his hands on her hips and his mouth...tongue plunging between her lips.

Another tap on the door. "We're starting our descent, sir. You and Ms. Ambrose should move to a seat and buckle up."

Her eyes flew open.

"Bloody f**king hell." He rolled off of her, panting. Grabbing her hand, he brought it to his lips, then placed it over the tattoo on his chest. His heart raced beneath her palm, keeping time with hers. "Not frustrated with you, love." After a couple of minutes, he left the bed, rummaged around the room and grabbed his boxer briefs.

She sat up, hair falling around her bare shoulders and down her back. "I guess they knew what we were doing back here, huh?"

"Don't worry. My crew is compensated not to say anything. Trust me, they've seen and heard worse," he said, buttoning the fly of his jeans. He passed her the dress she'd carefully draped over a chair.

Now that she wasn't flat on her back in bed with him, Zoe could think again. And she was thinking that he was sounding like he did this all the time. The opened box of condoms was a dead giveaway. It was humiliating to be put in the same category as all the women before her. Should she feel special because he needed her longer than a single night?

But no matter how mad she was at him, it wasn't his fault. He hadn't made her do anything, only taking what she freely offered. What she had allowed.

They finished dressing in silence, and moved to the front of the plane. Sitting in her former seat, she looked around the interior as Christian spoke in low tones to the co-pilot. A soccer game still played on the television. Her purse still sat on the floor and his phone was still in his hand. Everything was as it had been. As if they hadn't been in a bedroom, kissing, touching and stroking one another.

The stewardess, a beautiful woman with straight black hair and liquid brown eyes, placed a hand on Christian's shoulder, letting it linger as she bent down to ask him a question. He smiled at her, eyes crinkling.

Zoe's heart jumped in her throat. They were lovers. Had to be, given the way the woman was touching him. After the co-pilot and stewardess left, Christian's blue eyes found hers. He smiled, the same smile he gave every woman.

She forced a neutral expression on her face. It was time to have the ultimate talk with him. "We need to clearly define the boundaries our relationship."

Christian placed his phone on the table between them. Her look of embarrassed confusion had given way to fury. He suspected that if he touched her, she'd explode. To stop himself from doing exactly that, he clenched the armrests.

"I'm all ears."

Frowning, she crossed her arms. "What happened shouldn't have and it won't again. I'll help you for the rest of my stay, but no more kissing or touching or-or anything else."

Convinced he'd misunderstood Zoe, he twisted his seat around to fully face her. "Are you saying you didn't enjoy what we did?"

Twin blooms of pink formed on her cheeks. "I liked it just fine, but this won't work. It can't work. Despite what happened between us, I don't do this kind of thing. Not like you."

Just fine? She liked it just fine? Zoe really knew how to kick a man in the balls. He was tired of her 'fines'. Of waiting patiently for her to figure out what the hell she wanted.

"I'm not apologizing for being who I am, for having fun, or for being in my twenties. Not for a damn thing."

A shaky breath left her as the plane bounced once and then slowed. "I'm not asking you to change who you are or say you're sorry. I'm telling you who I am. I want monogamy and meaningful relationships."

That was her problem: she didn't think he could be faithful? However the media painted him, when he decided to be monogamous and in a one-on-one type of relationship, he'd damn sure not have any problems accomplishing the feat. He'd done it before, but everyone, including Zoe, seemed to forget that part of his past.

All of which had absolutely nothing to do with them being together while in Vegas. It wasn't as if he planned on using and discarding her. Or never talking to her again. They had the same agent for God's sake.

He leaned forward, staring directly into her pretty eyes. "What are you asking of me?"

"Nothing...I can't let my heart get broken again, not by you." Her lower lip trembled. "I don't think I'd be able to recover this...from it."

Falling back in his seat, he twisted the platinum band around his forefinger with his thumb. For some reason he'd chosen to wear it today after finding it in the bottom of his shaving case. There used to be two of them, his good luck charms when he'd first started out. He'd worn them to every audition that he'd gotten a call-back on. Only once had they failed him.

Zoe pulled her phone out of her purse, her lips compressed tightly.

Make that twice. He took the ring off and shoved it into his pocket. "I thought breaking up with your ex was a good thing."

"I wasn't referring to Gabriel."

"Who then?"

"A stupid boy pretending to be a man made promises he didn't keep."

"His actions still control your life?"

"I-he..." Her mouth snapped shut.

Tension shimmered between them, hanging like a heavy curtain as her mouth snapped shut. She looked as though she had revealed more than she wanted, and now he had to know who this man was. A man that eclipsed her ex-fiance and hurt her.

He had a sudden urge to track the guy down and beat the hell out of him. "Tell me."

"It's none of your business." She turned away from him, casting her attention to the window. Dark hair tumbled down her back and over slender shoulders that were shaking slightly.

He reached out to comfort her, thought the better of it and found another seat as they taxied.

Damn her.

Chapter Eleven

The rest of the day passed by in a blur. Christian had procured another private jet, but instead of finishing their trip, they headed back to Vegas and to separate rooms. Without a good-bye.

Zoe fully expected him to ignore her the rest of the time he was there. She fully expected him to go out with other women who wouldn't shoot him down or insult him.

I liked it just fine.

God, his face had been priceless. He looked shocked, then hurt. It had satisfied a base need in her to injure his pride like he'd done to her. However, her satisfaction was short-lived.

She cringed as she thought about their conversation before the little girl needing a heart transplant had boarded the plane with her family. But what had really gotten to her was the fact that she and Christian had exited the plane before the family got on. They never knew it was Ian Romanov, world famous actor, who was helping them.

When she'd asked him about it, he'd only said, "I don't want them to feel like they owe me, and I don't want the press to hound them for supposed insider information. The McConnells should be given their privacy and dignity when they have a child suffering from a disease that will most likely cut her life short."

The contrast between the man he could be and the playboy he was did things to her heart that couldn't be ignored. However, it could be denied and safely tucked away in a little box.

She looked out of her window, the Vegas strip coming to life with neon lights. Only four more days to go and she'd be free of him once more.

Her cell rang and she searched for it, finding it under the dresser with a necklace and yellow flower petals. The vases of flowers that had taken over her room had been sent to the other guests on her floor. Except for one. One vase she kept for herself and her memories.

She answered on the third chorus of Katy Perry's "Teenage Dream". That needed to change. Maybe to Cee Lo Green's old hit "Forget You".

"Ready for your book signing tomorrow at two?" Martha asked.

"Yes." Actually, Zoe had forgotten all about it. For the first time in years, her career obligations had taken a backseat to her wants and dreams. To Christian.

"I appreciate the way you've been helping Ian over the past few days. Peak has offered him the part of Dimitri and he accepted this afternoon. The contract's been signed and you're off the hook. You don't have to force yourself to be seen with the scoundrel." For once her aunt wasn't her usual hardcore self of all business and not so gentle insults.

"That's wonderful." Now it was a certainty Christian didn't need her anymore. No one did, but her fans. They were loyal and devoted. They showed up at her book signings. At her new releases. At blogs, on Twitter and in chat rooms. They had been there through the ups and downs of her career.

"You don't sound wonderful."

Zoe's reflection lifted its chin even as tears threatened to fall. "A little headache. That's all. Nothing a hot bath and a good night's sleep can't cure."

"Did something happen that I need to know about?"

"No, Chris-Ian is exactly what they say he is and definitely not the guy for me. So no worries of a spontaneous marriage by Elvis." Zoe tried to laugh at her own joke, but her throat tightened as if someone had grabbed it. "I've got to go now. I'll recheck my email for details. Good night, Aunt M."

The line went silent. Zoe mentally pleaded with God to make Martha leave things alone. To not ask her questions that she couldn't-wouldn't answer.

"Your book signing doesn't happen until two days from now."

"I knew that. It's just, um, I haven't been myself lately," Zoe said.

"Get some rest tonight and go to the spa tomorrow."

"Sounds like a plan to me. Then I'll have the day after that to relax by the pool."

Martha cleared her throat. "No, I've arranged a helicopter tour for you and Brennen McGowan."

"I'm not going out on a date with him," Zoe groaned. She was done with movie stars. Forever.

"This isn't a date. It's just something fun to do with another person while you're in Vegas. Besides, you know how I like for my clients to be seen with one another. Makes us look like one big happy family."

"Sounds fabulous."

"I knew you'd think so. Have a good night, dearie."

Zoe ended the call, then made her way to the bathroom and turned on the spigots. She added a dollop of bubble bath, watching the white froth cover the top of the water. Once she was submerged neck deep, she let the tears fall until her eyes were swollen and her nose stuffy.

Things would look better come morning. They always did.

She hoped.

***

Christian threw his phone on his bed, then moved to the living room on the penthouse. Near the coffee table, he found a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. He hadn't smoked in months, but there were times when nothing else would do. Usually, he'd find something or someone to take his mind off it his cravings. But this time, this time he didn't give a shit.

Giving into temptation, he grabbed both and strode across the room to the balcony.

He was furious with Zoe, with his own inaction and reaction. He knew he'd hurt her with his thoughtless words about discreet employees and allusions to random women mile-highing it with him. Any other woman wouldn't have cared.

The sliding glass door that led to the outdoor pool and patio bounced as it hit the stopper in the tracks.

However, Zoe wasn't any other woman. She was a woman he wanted to know everything about, but prying into her past hadn't been the way to go. Not everyone felt a need to over-share, but with her, Christian wanted no secrets between them. He wanted to bare his soul to her and it scared the hell out of him. He was utterly out of his element with her.

Brennen swaggered in, blue highlights in his hair making Christian wince. God, he didn't know what was worse, the dye job or the wardrobe.

"Ed Hardy must be your biggest fan." Christian lit a cigarette and walked over to the edge of the balcony. Every piece of architecture glowing with brilliant illumination.

"Don't be hating my wardrobe," Brennen said. "I'm feeling all G-6, baby."

"You feel like a jet?"

"It means awesome. Amazing. Spectacular. Fantastic. Brill-"

"I get the point." Christian took another drag and blew out a steady stream. "Who is she?"

Brennen gave him his signature grin. "Brainy brunette, very nice rack, round little ass and about this tall." He held his hand to his shoulder. "Sweet accent and dark eyes. Seriously, not your type."

Ice water filled his veins. "How the f**k do you know my type?"

Brennen held up his hands in mock surrender. "Dude, I don't care what you like. It's what the lovely Ms. Ambrose likes. I heard she's got a thing for tall, blonde and English."

"But you're Irish and blue," Christian said.

"It's all the same and gets them hot all the same. Besides, I can dye my hair back." Brennen grabbed a beer from the outdoor bar's fridge. He sat down in a chair, propping his feet up on the balcony's railing. "I'm just f**king with you."

"You don't have a date with Zoe?" Christian could barely contain his relief at the news.

Brennen took an unnecessarily long pull of beer. "I wouldn't call it a date-date. I'm her personal tour guide when she goes sightseeing."

"When does this joyous event take place?" Christian snatched the beer from Brennen and threw it away, then took another drag of his Dunhill.

"Day after tomorrow. Hoover Dam, helicopter tour and maybe a sunset picnic at the reservoir." Brennen laced his hands behind his head. "I'm just glad that it's not on Monday. She's got some kind of book signing and I've got a flash mob to rock out to that night."

Christian rolled his shoulders. "You're still tracking those down?"

Brennen's head swayed from side to side, as if he were dancing to a beat only he could hear. "Maybe I'll take Zoe. Women love that kind of thing. Her book signing's at two and they're not performing until eight thirty."

"Did she ask you out?" Blowing out a thin stream of smoke, Christian ground out his cigarette in an ashtray sitting on the outdoor bar.

"Nah, I'm doing this as a favor to Martha. It's in the fine print of my contract," Brennen grumbled. "Hell, it's probably in Zoe's."

"You should look at mine," Christian said, feeling his friend's pain. If Martha hadn't been the best at the game, Christian would have been gone a long time ago. "Think Martha would mind if I took your place?"

"Have at it, mate. I hate helicopter rides."

"Since when?"

"Since I found out I suffer from arachnophobia."

"Fear of spiders?" Christian asked, completely bewildered.

Brennen nodded, his face solemn. "Got that, too. Or at least that's what my therapist told me last week after finding one in bed."

"You have therapy sessions in your bed?"

"God, no. I screw my therapist in her bed."

Opening the fridge, Christian grabbed two bottles of beer and tossed one to his friend. "Cheers."

"Guess this mean you're not interested in going to Ethan's house tomorrow night?"

Ethan Rivers threw the wildest, most debauched parties Christian had ever had the pleasure to attend. Anything and everything was available: women, men, drugs...the only legalities Ethan observed were no one under eighteen allowed and all transactions, as he liked to call them, had to be explicitly consensual.

It was a temptation Christian normally succumbed to every year. He had a million reasons why he should go and only two why he shouldn't-B.T.S. and Zoe. In the past any reason or rule given to prohibit him from doing whatever the hell he wanted would have had him helping Ethan think of new and improved ways to find oblivion in seconds. But now...

Leaning back in his chair, he took a long pull of his beer. There were other things he wanted to do, like read the rest of Zoe's series to get into the head of her villain and run about a million miles on the treadmill in the gym.

He reasoned that he could give Zoe tomorrow to cool off so that when he showed up instead of Brennen, she wouldn't throw something at him. Like ninja stars.

"Sorry, I've already made plans."

Chapter Twelve

Zoe threw her shopping bags on the bed and plopped down beside them. Retail therapy and a trip to the spa should've helped more than just her back. However, it had only buoyed her spirits temporarily. Not even finding a store filled with hippie chic clothing had kept her shopping high going.

Now that she was alone, she crashed-figuratively and literally-as she fell back on the mattress. Her cell phone buzzed again, alerting her to yet another text. She grabbed it, reading the five texts she'd previously ignored and her stomach churned. Her phone rang before she could hit send on the third one. Pressing talk, she braced for her brother's lecture.

"Are you out of your damn mind?"

"You really know how to start a conversation, Luke," Zoe said.

"What I know is how not to beat around the bush. Every time I get online, there you are with Romanov."

"Maybe you should stay off the Internet." She winced. Antagonizing Luke was akin to waving a red flag in a bull's face.

He made an indescribable noise. "So it's true."

She sat up and looked around the room, searching for inspiration on how to get her brother out of her now public personal life. A copy of today's paper lay in the closest chair. She focused on the front page picture of a Wall Street executive pictured with a blue collar worker. "It's truly a publicity stunt. I'm hanging out with him as a favor to Aunt M." Okay, so part of that was true.

"You expect me to believe that?" he asked, his tone incredulous.

The phone beeped. She glanced at it and let out a sigh of relief. "Gotta go. Melanie's calling."

"Hold-"

She pressed talk again. "Oh, thank God, it's you."

"Still me," her brother said.

"Holy crap!" She ended the call and scrolled through her contact list to find Melanie's number. She touched the screen as soon as her best friend's picture showed up.

"Oh my God, that man is hot," Melanie said when she answered. "I must have details. Is he a good kisser? Who am I kidding? Of course he's a good kisser. How's he in bed? You don't have to tell me. Just press one if he rocked your world."

"Sorry to burst your erotic bubble, but it's only a publicity stunt," Zoe repeated the words, but hearing herself saying them again actually hurt this time.

"Damn. I had hoped-"

"What? Someone like Ian Romanov would date me? Please," Zoe said, ending with a little laugh. It was either that or cry a river of tears.

The line was silent for a moment. "If you need someone to talk to, I'm here for you."

Zoe smiled. "I know, but I'm okay. Seriously." She traced a pattern on the comforter, then hiked her knees to her chest. "Do me a favor. Tell everyone I'm fine and to not believe anything they read or see."

"Whatever you need, Z."

After a few more stilted lines of conversation, she finally ended the call and dropped her phone. She wrapped her arms around her legs and placed her chin on her kneecaps.

Tomorrow she would have fun. Brennen seemed like the kind of guy who knew how to do that. And she wouldn't think of Christian at all, she swore silently. Not one bit.

Never again.

***

She froze, unable to believe her eyes.

Christian lounged against a silver sports car that somehow he'd gotten permission to park on the tarmac.

The man looked like sex on a stick. All broad shouldered and lean hipped. His retro aviators and tailored clothes did nothing to help her focus. Why did the man have to look good in everything? And don't get her started on his hair. Or cheekbones. Or lips. The list could go on and on.

"I thought Brennen was supposed to be here." The wind whipped at her pony tail, smacking her in the mouth and sticking to her lip gloss. Great.

"He's got arachnophobia," Christian said, his lips twitching.

"Does he know something I don't?" She felt the blood drain from her face. They were in the desert and spiders could be the size of dinner plates. Or at least in her mind they could be.

He tore away his sunglasses and took a step toward her. "I didn't mean to get you all worked up. There aren't any spiders where we're going. Promise."

Before she could breathe easier, the pilot spoke up. "The tarantulas that like to hide under the seats in the 'copter just hiss at you when they get angry. I haven't had one bite a customer yet."

Her eyes rounded and she looked for Christian for support. "I-I," she stammered.

"Need saving?" Christian whispered as the pilot went over his checklist.

The clipboard in his hand clattered to the ground. "I picked a bad day to stop drinking."

Zoe's heart stuttered in response. "Please, my ride's gone back to the hotel," she whispered back, not caring her rescuer was also her tormentor.

Christian flashed a smile, his teeth white and even in the bright sun. "We'll have to get a rain check, Charlie. The lady's not feeling so well."

"Thank you, Jesus." Charlie gave them a small salute and pulled out a silver flask, drank deeply and weaved away.

Christian made it to the car before her, opening the passenger side door and waiting for her to slide in before he shut the door. He joined her a few seconds later, buckling his seatbelt and starting the engine.

"Like my car?"

"It's nice." And probably cost more than the renovations had on her house.

"It's a rental."

"Of course it is."

Glancing at her, he grinned. "Admit it: you thought it was mine." He drove the car between non-existent gates, turning onto Airport Road.

She bit the side of her lip. "Okay, so I thought it was yours."

"I have a nearly identical one in L.A."

"You better be glad I don't have a pillow handy."

He laughed and shifted gears.

As the sports car purred down the winding road, she looked at Christian from out of the corner of her eye. He kept his hands at ten and two, only moving them to shift or find a playlist on his iPod.

"You can take me back to the hotel." She tapped her fingers against her thigh. "I have work to do anyway."

"Not happening. I've got you all to myself and I plan to take advantage of it," he said, "Besides, you owe me."

Panic assailed her, turning her body hot then cold. Had he found out? "For what?"

"Saving your ass from Charlie, the almost sober pilot." Tension left her in one big breath of air.

"I say it makes us even."

He glanced at her, then back at the road. "How's your sunburn?"

"Much better. I spent the better part of yesterday at the spa." She ran her hands up and down her arms as goose bumps appeared. "Those ladies are miracle workers."

"Would you like me to turn off the a/c?"

She looked out of the window, not actually seeing anything. "Thanks, I get cold easily."

"Zoe, love?"

The car slowed to a stop and she turned to face him. "What?"

His eyes met hers. He leaned in, his mouth dangerously close to hers. "You're a terrible liar."

"Am not," she protested, dragging in copious amounts of air in order not to pass out from his nearness. The soft brush of his lips had her gripping the leather seat to keep from touching him.

"Right or left?" His lips brushed hers again and he had to repeat the question before she could respond.

"Um... left." Her eyes closed but nothing happened. She cracked open a lid to find him staring at her.

"I can't drive with you blocking my view of the road."

"Sorry." She threw herself back so hard that the side of her head hit the door. "Ow!" Rubbing the sore spot, she refused to look at him as the car picked up speed.

"Are you okay?"

"Fine." She grabbed her purse, digging through it find her cell. "Crap."

"Something wrong?"

"I left my phone in my room at the hotel."

"Guess you're entirely at my mercy."

She groaned. Why did he have to make it sound so appealing?

Chapter Thirteen

The day was perfect for driving: Sunny, warm and not a cloud in sight.

As for his road trip companion, she looked less than thrilled at the thought of being with him. Lips shiny from gloss tempted him to stop the car and spend the next few hours kissing her, but he was going to do the right thing this time.

No matter how much it killed him.

He drove the car off onto the curb, put it park and turned to face her. "I would like to apologize for my behavior on the plane. Not for what happened between us in bed, but the aftermath. I had no right to pry into your past relationships," Christian began, smiling slightly when she hmphed. "From now on we'll do things on your terms. Whatever you want out of this relationship, you'll get." She gave him a skeptical look. "Please, Zoe. Let's keep getting to know one another. Ask me anything you want, and I'll answer you truthfully."

"What's in those pictures?"

He should have known she'd ask something like this, but in all honesty it would be a relief to get it off his chest and for some reason he thought he could trust her. However, this wasn't something he could sit there and tell her. He put the car in gear and eased back on the road.

"Me committing about a dozen crimes, but the time/date stamp has been photoshopped."

"So they're fakes?"

"Not exactly.

"Why don't you release them yourself, prove what really happened and then move on?"

"Any other time, I'd agree with you, but there's more at stake than my career. There's this organization that has taken a chance on me and staked their reputation on my word that I've changed. It's called Back To School or B.T.S. for short. They help kids get back on the right track." He changed lanes and blew past a silver minivan. "I'm supposed to start doing PSA's for them in the fall, but if this gets out-not only will I look bad, they will look worse."

"What made you do something illegal in the first place?"

She sounded a like a journalist asking him these questions, but it felt good to confess his sins to her. "Got in with the wrong crowd, tried to be a badass. Whatever my brother did that pleased my father, I made certain to do the exact opposite. Eventually it caught up with me when I decided to join the real thing."

"What happened?"

He flicked his eyes in her direction. There was no sign of judgment on her face. Yet. Taking a deep breath, he said, "I'll give you the highlights. There was this guy, Giles, and he never liked me. He was always trying to pick a fight or just fu- er, mess with me. Usually, I shrugged it off, but that night it was my birthday and not one person in my family called. Not one. " His knuckles turned white as he gripped the steering wheel. His jaw tightened and he had to breathe in a couple of times before he was able to speak again. "Can't actually blame them since I was a complete ass to be around."

"They still should have called," she said, her voice so firm that it felt like she was on his side.

"Thanks, sweetheart." He opened the moon roof with the press of a button. "So this piece of work is calling me out. Telling me I'm just playing at being like them. That I didn't belong. Of course by this time, I'm pissed - drunk-and tired of putting up with him. I wanted to prove him wrong. So, it made complete sense to snort half of Columbia up my nose and off of some rather unusual surfaces. If it hadn't been for Sasha, my cousin, getting me out of there, I don't know what would have happened."

"Oh."

That was it? He glanced at her again. There was a furrow between her brows and her teeth nibbled on her bottom lip.

"I warned you about the whole answering truthfully thing." Wind blew into the interior, whipping her ponytail around and obscuring her face. "Look, I get it that a woman from your background doesn't want to be with someone like me. My past isn't -"

She laced her fingers through his and squeezed. His heart tripled its beats at the small gesture.

"We all make mistakes. And you can trust me to keep all your secrets." She placed his hand back on his thigh, but he wouldn't let go when she tried to pull away.

Desire and comfort warred with each other. He really should take her back to the hotel. It wasn't fair to foist the consequences of his bad decisions on her. She'd already done her part to make him look good.

With a heavy sigh, he did a U-turn on the mostly empty interstate.

"What are you doing?" she asked. "I thought we were going to spend the day together."

"After what happened on the plane and what I've admitted?"

"My turn to be truthful." She shifted in her seat, facing him. "I want to spend the day with you."

A grin found its way to his face and he couldn't stop smiling. It was as if the albatross hanging from his neck had been cut loose by her kiss and words. After pulling off his earpiece, he turned the car around and handed her his phone. "How about you turn off my phone and chunk it in the backseat. Today, it's just Christian and Zoe, two people who are visiting the town of, " He scanned the road sign, reading the list of upcoming town exits, "Coyote Hallow."

"Oh my God."

He checked his side mirror, eyes widening in disbelief as his phone crashed to the asphalt. "What the-"

"I'm so sorry. I overdid it and your phone went through the moon roof," she said as he braked hard and reached for his seatbelt. "I'll pay for a new one, with an indestructible cover."

"Don't worry. It might have survived."

A semi in the opposite lane barreled by, decimating it.

"I don't think it survived," she said, her voice thin.

He blinked a couple of times, then got out to collect the remains.

There were tears in her eyes when he returned with the carcass of his phone. The sound of 'Angry Birds' gave one last hurrah and he chuckled. Then full blown laughter came rushing out. She stared at him like he'd just lost his mind.

"What the hell? Now, we're really free," he said.

Chapter Fourteen

Coyote Hallow was a one of everything town. One beauty shop, one general store, one police station, one diner and one gas station/taxidermy shop with the motto: 'We stuff while you pump. Road-kill welcome.' all crammed on one street.

Christian parked near the diner, then rushed over to open the door for Zoe.

She gave him a grin and her hand as he helped her out. "Thank you kind sir."

"The lady is most welcome." He wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close to whisper in her ear, "Tell me when I get too handsy. Wouldn't want to break the boundaries you've set."

She pushed him away, but grabbed his hand in her familiar fashion of interlacing her fingers through his. "The lady is very hungry."

Heads swiveled as they entered the restaurant, but for once Zoe seemed unfazed by it all and headed over to the nearest booth.

"Customer service," someone yelled as they sat across from each other.

He plucked a menu from behind a mini-jukebox and handed it to her before snagging another.

A gum-smacking waitress with big hair meandered over to their booth. "What can I get ya?" Her gum snapped, crackled and popped like the cereal.

Nodding at Zoe, he said, "Go on, love."

"I'll have a cheeseburger, well-done, fries and a chocolate shake. Hold the pickles, onions and tomatoes and can I have mayo?"

"Black cow, frog legs, hockey puck and walk it," the waitress shouted, then raised her brows at him. "What about you, sweet cheeks?"

He perused the menu while the waitress, whose name tag proclaimed her to be Betty, waited with one hand on her hip. She was wearing orthopedic shoes and had fluffy pink hair that reminded him of cotton candy.

Zoe looked under her brows at him and covered her mouth.

"Make it two. No lettuce."

Betty shouted out another slew of diner lingo and walked away without another word. The noise level in the diner returned to normal.

"You'll get used to it," he said.

"Get used to what, sweet cheeks?" Her eyebrows wiggled.

"Very funny." He tapped her on the nose. "People staring when we walked in."

She drew back and scooped up their menus, dropping them into place behind the mini-juke box. "They're not staring at us because of who you are."

"How do you know?"

"That's what people in a small town do. They stare at people who are new in town. Heck, I've done it."

He stretched his arms along the back of the booth, wishing he'd sat on the same side as her, but it was easier this way. Easier to keep his hands to himself. Tapping her nose didn't count. Her eyes met his and she gave him a sweet smile.

His heart stopped. Her lips moved, but he couldn't make out the words.

"What?" he asked, snapping out of his daze.

"Why don't you get along with Sebastian?" she repeated.

Betty brought their food to the table. Zoe grabbed a couple of fries while he gulped down a good portion of his shake.

"You kids enjoy." Their waitress didn't wait to see if they needed anything else and shuffled off, her cotton candy hair barely moving.

Setting his milkshake down, he tilted his head and shook it, waiting for his brain freeze to thaw before he answered. "Because he's the serious one, the golden child, etcetera," Christian said, "I don't think I've had a polite conversation with him beyond 'hello' and 'nice to see you' in years."

"To sum it up: Christian, bad. Sebastian, good," he said. "Who's your favorite sibling?"

She finished chewing the bite of her cheeseburger. "They're all my favorites."

"Liar."

Smiling she took another bite of her burger. A small dab of ketchup accented the corner of her mouth.

"You've got something right here." He swiped a finger at the corner of his.

After watching her attempt to wipe it off and somehow missing it, he leaned over and wiped it away with the pad of his thumb. She turned at the last second and kissed it.

"Thank you," she murmured before her pink tongue licked at her full lips.

His gut clenched in response. "Anytime. Speaking of time, can't you extend your stay?" There. He'd put it out in the open. "Or you could come out to LA and stay...with me. I've got plenty of room."

"That sounds fun."

"But..."

She shifted in her seat. "I don't think you and I are on the same page when it comes to relationships. And I'm not trying to start a fight or argue. I'm going to be perfectly honest with you, like you were with me. I need a man who's going to support my career, wants to settle down and have kids with me."

"And you seem to be at, ah, a different point in your life," she added.

Honest or not, Zoe was trying to scare him away. He was sure of it. No woman in her right mind would talk marriage to a man she'd just met. "I fail to see how your ultimate goals could be derailed by spending time with me." His jaw hurt from clenching it so tightly.

She grabbed his hand. A pleading look came into her eyes. "How long would I stay with you in L.A? Until the novelty of us wore off? I'm not emotionally equipped for that kind of arrangement. I need permanent, not temporary."

"Like that worked with Gabriel." He pushed his plate away, his appetite gone.

"I didn't love him, not like-"

He crossed his arms over his chest. "Ah, the man-child that broke your heart. Gabriel had to pay for his sins as well."

She leaned closer, lowering her voice. "The only person that had to pay was me. And your attitude is exactly why we'd never work out. Anytime you don't get your way, you fall back on insults. Grow up, Christian."

"While you punish every man who dares to scale your wall of perfection. So you got screwed over, we all have." He shook his head. "At least when it happens to you, the entire world doesn't know. People don't go around writing shit about you and making money off of your misery."

Her face turned pale, her dark eyes rounding and standing out in stark contrast to her skin. Good. He hoped to God he'd given her something to think about.

Betty shuffled over with the bill, her gum still snapping, crackling and popping. "There you go, sweet cheeks. Thanks for coming by. Why don't you take the wife on down to the general store and check it out?"

Zoe only nodded, her lips pressed tightly together.

"Thanks, we'll keep that in mind."

After paying the bill and leaving Betty a tip, they exited the diner. Zoe paused in front of the restaurant, her hands coming to rest on his chest.

"Let's not argue anymore, okay?" The vulnerability on her face was his undoing.

Tugging her closer, he kissed her on the forehead. "Whatever you want."

Chapter Fifteen

"You two looking for a place to stay the night?" the cashier asked with a twinkle in his eye. "Every store in town closes in five minutes. Well, everything, but Fred's, that is."

"Hadn't planned on it," he said, knowing full well Zoe wasn't planning on it.

Christian paid for their purchases, which consisted of old fashioned peppermint sticks, a lacy fan for Zoe's niece, a PEZ dispenser in the shape of a certain infamous coyote, and a pound of fudge.

When they'd first walked in Zoe had informed him that the items in here would put Cracker Barrel to shame. When he confessed that he had no idea what that was, she'd looked at him with undisguised pity.

Christian heard a crash and craned his neck, finding Zoe in a corner of the store. She knelt in the floor, picking up apples and placing them back in the bowl she'd obviously tipped over. "Add that to my bill."

The cashier smiled as the total grew.

"Seventy-five dollars?" Christian might be obscenely rich, but that didn't mean he wanted to be ripped off.

"Handmade bowl."

"And the apples?"

"That'll be another twenty."

"Who pays four dollars a bloody apple?"

Taking Christian's money, the cashier's smile grew Cheshire Cat proportions. "Looks like you just did. Anyway, the Starlight Motel is right up the street, past the jail."

He grabbed the bag and Zoe before she could knock over something else. "Thanks for the information."

As soon as they were outside, he unlocked the car and opened the door for her.

"What information?" she asked, sliding inside.

Shutting the door, he quickly made his way to the driver's side and got inside. "They've a hotel if we need one." Buckling his seat belt, he gave her a wicked smile and her cheeks grew rosy. "How on earth can one woman blush so much?"

"I can't help it." Her lashes lowered. "You make me think-"

"Naughty thoughts starring us?"

Instead of answering, she reached for the shopping bag and pulled out a peppermint stick. She stuck one end in her mouth and chewed. Then looked at him and took a large bite.

He shook his head and started up the car, taking note of the needle pointing to E. "Don't worry, love. We're going to get gas and then be on our way." But as he parked beside the one gas tank, a harried looking man came running out with the name Fred embroidered on his grease stained coveralls.

Fred motioned for Christian to roll down the window. "We're out until tomorrow. The truck's supposed to be here around seven a.m."

"How far is the nearest station?"

"About two hours that way." Fred pointed in the direction they'd driven from.

Ominous black clouds rolled in and fat drops of rain began to polka dot the windshield.

"The car won't make it that far."

Zoe giggled, unable to stop even as Christian and Fred stared at her with identical expressions of 'what the hell?' on their faces.

"Guess we'll have to stay here for the night," Christian said, putting the car back into gear.

As they drove in the direction of the town's only hotel, she finally stopped giggling. "I'm sorry, but this couldn't be more ridiculous. We're off the beaten path, out of gas and now a storm. I swear this is something out of a historical romance novel."

Christian's eyes stayed on the road as the rain fell in heavy sheets, making it impossible to drive any faster than a crawl. "Does this mean I get to ravish you at the country inn?"

"No, you'll get struck down by the convenient twenty-four hour cold. It will be my job to nurse you back to health while the Florence Nightingale Syndrome takes effect."

"The what?"

"You know, when the patient falls in love with the caregiver."

"You novelists have strange ideas about love."

"Hollywood doesn't? What about your last movie? You and Brianna Keene knew each other for less than a day. I mean her character, not her. Even if you were involved with her during and after. I think that's your MO. You always sleep with your female co-stars..."

Icy blue eyes met hers for a moment, halting her thoughtless words. "I thought we'd come to an understanding, that you believed me."

He pulled the car into the hotel's parking lot.

"I did, I mean I do. I'm so sorry, Christian. It's just that if anyone finds out about us spending the night together-"

"For once in your life, Zoe, stop thinking about the past and future so damned much and try living for today." He practically threw open his door. "Stay here and I'll get us a room."

He sprinted through the rain, yanking the door open to the hotel's office.

She noshed on another peppermint stick. Maybe he was right, maybe she should make the best of it. Enjoy the time she had with him and when it was over, it would be over. No hard feelings and she could go back to the way things were.

If things last that long. After their argument at the diner, she could barely stand to be with herself. She was exactly the person he described. Making money off of him, without his permission. The sooner she told him the truth, the better.

A few minutes later, he ran back to the car and jumped inside, driving to the building on their left. "They had one room left."

He parked the car as close to the door as possible, but they still got soaked by the downpour. Unlocking the door, he opened it with a flourish and waited for her to go inside.

Flicking the lights on, she froze. "Please, tell me I'm hallucinating."

"Maybe Betty put something in our milkshakes."

The room was dominated by a heart-shaped bed with crimson satin covers and matching pillows. Heart-shaped mirrors adorned the walls while tiny cupids and purple candles dotting every flat surface completed the look.

He surveyed the place with a slight grin. "Guess this is why it was the only one left."

"It looks like Valentine's Day threw up in here," she said.

A rectangular box with a slot in it caught her attention. She read the writing at the top and laughed. The bed actually vibrated. According to the label on the box, one quarter equaled 'five minutes of a rockin' good time'.

"What's so funny?" He moved to stand beside her.

"Do you have any quarters?" she managed to ask between gasps.

He stuck in two quarters and pressed the button. Nothing happened and he pressed it again. He shrugged his broad shoulders. "Maybe we have to sit on it."

After kicking off her shoes, she jumped on the bed and he joined her. He reached over and pressed the button, but nothing happened. "Shall I call the main office to complain?"

"Don't you dare." She tackled him as he made a grab for the phone. "They'll think we're in here, well, you know."

Laughing, he shrugged her off and she tackled him again. He reversed their positions so that she was trapped underneath him, his mouth inches from hers. The delicious weight of his body made her want to sigh in pleasure.

"Making use of the honeymoon suite," he said with a mischievous gleam in his eyes.

"This wasn't the only room available, was it?"

"It was the only room available that met my requirements."

She narrowed her eyes at him. "You didn't."

He shot her a wicked smile. "Oh, I did."

Training her eyes on his lips, she wished he would kiss her already. Instead he helped her to her feet. "You can use the bathroom first. I'll go get us some snacks from the vending machine for later."

Pulling at her wet shirt, she frowned. "I don't have anything to change into."

He walked over to the wall, flipped on a switch and flames filled the fireplace. He picked up a nearby chair and placed directly in front of the orange flames. "You can dry them here. Robes should be in the closet."

By the time she and Christian had taken turns using the bathroom, it was almost eleven o'clock, all their snacks, including the fudge, had been eaten and she was barely keeping her eyes open while they watched one of his movies.

"Do we have to watch this?" He made up the sofa with extra blankets and a purple pillow.

"I happen to like this movie," she said on a yawn.

"It's horrible. My first major picture and I die at the end."

"That's why it's my favorite," she said, making him scrunch his forehead, "I mean, not the dying part."

He looked slightly mollified at her clarification. "I should hope not. Why, exactly, do you like this movie?"

"It's the real you. The one I met before you became world famous," Zoe said, her eyes sliding shut. She'd tell him tomorrow, when she wasn't so sleepy. On the way back seemed like a great idea.

"Really," came that sinfully low voice of his.

She peeked through her lashes at him. "We danced the night away."

"That certainly narrows it down."

She drifted off to sleep with a smile on her face.

Zoe woke up to a pitch black room and the bed shaking violently. What would make it shake? Her mind began to race. Almost West Coast. Fault lines.

Earthquake.

She shrieked and tumbled to the floor, crawling over to Christian and unsuccessfully pulling him to the carpet with her. Her heart pounded in triple time and her hands shook like crazy as she smacked at him. "Wake up. Dammit, wake up."

Nothing. What would it take to wake him up?

"Earthquake," she screeched in his ear.

He shot straight up, the covers falling to his waist. "Son of a bitch."

She shook him again, trying to convey the urgency she felt. "Please, we have to get under something or in the bathtub. I don't know where else."

"I didn't feel anything. If it was a big one, I would've woken up before the banshee made my ears bleed." He turned away from her. "Go back to bed, Zoe."

"I don't want to sleep by myself," she whimpered. "I'm too scared."

Sighing, he turned back to her and lifted the blanket in invitation. "Get in."

Wasting no time, she climbed up on the sofa and pressed herself against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her, resting his chin on the top of her head.

Unable to sleep, she searched for his tattoo with her fingers, finding the small rose above his heart.

"Sweetheart, you have got to stop. I can't take much more of your explorations." His voice was husky and tinged with desire.

"Are you awake?" Stupid question, but she didn't know what else to say.

"Unfortunately, yes."

"Tell me about the woman behind your tattoo."

"I'd rather not."

"Please, I'm still scared." Her body shivered. "Help me calm down."

Exhaling, he caught her hand and pressed it flat over his heart. "It's not what the public's been led to believe."

"If you tell me, I'll tell you about the man who broke my heart."

"When I was...younger, my brother and I played a naughty trick on our father, for the entire summer. The trick backfired on me, mostly because I realized how much Vladimir loved Sebastian and how little he loved me."

"So you fell in love with a girl, she left after the summer was over and you got a tattoo to remember her by, only she thought you were Sebastian."

"I am in awe of your writer's brain right now. And scared shitless that I'll somehow end up in one of your novels."

An amoeba on a flea was bigger than she felt at the moment. "Who says you're not already?"

"I know I'm not." He ran his free hand down her back. "You wouldn't do something like that. Stab me, yes. Malign me in print, never.

Swallowing, she tried to laugh when all she wanted to do was cry. "Your tattoo?"

"My father took me and Sebastian to one of his friend's house in St. Petersburg. Little did I know that Sebastian had ratted us out." Her heart pounded in her chest. She wanted to hear the rest of the story, but dreaded the ending just as much. "I was held down while this old man with rotten breath inked me. Gave me a f**king rose of all things. It hurt like hell, but I didn't scream once, didn't let them know how much it hurt. When he was done, my father looked at me and my brother and said, "Now you'll never be able to fool me again.""

"He had Sebastian tattooed as well?"

"No."

"When you said younger, how-"

"Eleven."

She didn't think her heart could hurt anymore than it already did for him. "But that's so wrong. Horrible." Tears pooled in her eyes. She couldn't imagine the pain, the confusion he must have felt. It was his father's job to protect, not torture. "What about your mom?"

"She did whatever Vladimir dictated." He exhaled. "I've never told anyone before, not the real story. Later I had it filled in with pink, just to show Vlad that I didn't give a shit about what he'd done."

"I think it's very sexy and manly." Moving her hand away, she kissed his tattoo, then took a deep breath. "My turn: When I was younger, I met this guy-"

"You don't have to tell me." He rubbed the small of her back.

"I need to tell someone. Not even Gabriel knows-although I think he suspected...afterwards."

"I promise to keep all your secrets," he whispered, breaking through the last barriers of her pent up anger and resistance.

"He was very charming and I remember talking to him for hours, about nothing and everything. It wasn't the first time we'd met or talked, but that night everything seemed right." His hands continued to stroke her, encouraging her to continue. "I don't know if it was the champagne or the moonlight, or what, but we sneaked away and he promised to...to"

"But he didn't."

She shook her head, tears falling harder than before. "He broke my heart...I'd never done anything like that before."

"Tell me his name." His hands slid down to grip her hips. "I'll find the bastard and hold him still while you stab him, through his heart. Then I'll pay someone to get rid of the body."

She laughed.

"I'm not kidding." The pressure from his grip increased. "How old were you?"

"Old enough to have known better."

"What about him?"

Apparently, he'd been broken and messed up in ways she couldn't imagine. Not that she excused his broken promise, but she better understood it. "He doesn't exist anymore."

"No more control over you, or your decisions?"

"Nope." She stretched her body, relishing the feel of his against it. "I'm free to do whatever I want."

He growled a little. "I think that's very sexy."

"Kiss me." She wanted to be with him in every way possible. The past was just that, the past. Holding on to her anger and pain did nothing for her, only served to punish those who tried to get close.

"No."

"Why not?"

"If I kiss you, I'm not going to stop, and I don't want to be a pity f**k."

That was the last thing she expected him to say or think. "You're not."

His body shook and tensed, as if he was exerting great control over it and it didn't want to obey. "Look, I want to do things the right way with you, not in a seedy motel where we're both feeling things that might or might not be real. And that's what I need most of all-real."

"A speech like that could make a woman fall in love with you, Christian." Too bad that woman was her and she was leaving in two days.

"Maybe some women, but not you." She didn't know whether to take that as a compliment or an insult. Or maybe it had nothing to do with her.

There was a loud buzzing sound, almost like bees in a hive. In the darkened room she just could make out the bed as it shook, the covers tumbling to the floor. "Five minutes for a rockin' good time," she said to herself, thankful for the darkness. He could think she was a dumbass, but at least he couldn't see her as one. "It wasn't an earthquake. It was the bed."

"Of course it was." He barked out a laugh. "Go sleep, love. It's almost three-thirty and we need to be out of this town by seven to get you back in time for your book signing."

"How did you know?"

"Brennen told me. How do you think I found out about your helicopter tour?" He tucked her against him, falling asleep in what seemed like minutes while she remained completely awake.

***

The next morning, after dressing in silence, he took her back to the diner where Betty waited on them. It was the fastest and quietest meal of her life.

On the drive back, Zoe tried engaging Christian in conversation but his answers were limited to grunts and yes or no.

In her experience (and she had four brothers to confirm this), most men were cranky when they were hungry or lacked sex. Judging by what happened last night and the hearty meal he'd scarfed down at breakfast, she knew which one was making him cranky.

With that in mind, she gave up, closed her eyes and slept the rest of the way back to the hotel until Christian woke her up. "We're here, Zoe."

She yawned and stretched, giving him a funny look when he sat there and stared at her. "What?"

"Are you punishing me for trying to do the right thing?" His eyes flicked down to her chest. The material of her turquoise shirt strained against her br**sts.

"No." Flustered, she picked up her purse, then opened the car door. His hand on her arm stopped her from getting out.

"Aren't you going to kiss me good-bye?" he asked when she turned to face him. "Well, not good-bye exactly. How about kiss me until later?"

"Um, well, I figured you didn't want to, ah, I'm no good at this," she said, hiking her purse higher. "I can't be all sophisticated and glib about the whole about-last-night-conversation we may or may not need to continue."

He smiled. "And that is one of the very lovely qualities you posses that makes me want to be with you."

Stunned, she couldn't close her eyes when his lips found hers, kissing her softly.

"Forgive me for being a horrible riding companion?" He batted his baby blues at her.

She was such a sucker. "I forgive you."

"I'll come by your room later," he promised.

As Zoe got out of the car, she could feel his eyes on her, but she didn't dare turn around. The paparazzi were already buzzing around her and it would only grow worse if she did.

Chapter Sixteen

Christian heard them before he saw them. Hundreds of fans had lined up to get one of Zoe's autographed books, but they weren't the only ones there. Reporters from major gossip channels and magazines jostled for their turn to ask Zoe personal questions about him.

This was no ordinary book signing.

In fact, it was supposed to have taken place in the bookstore in shopping wing of The Oasis. Apparently, the crowd wanted more than a signed book. They wanted gossip and for him to show up. Which he had and now regretted, because he didn't want to cause problems or draw attention away from Zoe on her day.

"Ms. Ambrose, is it true that you're dating Ian Romanov strictly for the press it would bring your books and upcoming movie?"

Zoe smiled, but it didn't quite reach her eyes. Christian wanted to run up there to save her, but he knew his presence would most likely cause pandemonium. It was why he stood in a corner, wearing a baseball hat and keeping his head down.

"O.M.G! It's you," a woman squealed.

He shoved his hands in his pockets. "And who would that be?" he asked, affecting a mid-western accent. "Oh, you think I'm... Man, I get this all the time. I hate to burst your bubble, but I am not that guy." Hopefully, she would leave so he could concentrate on Zoe's book signing turned press conference.

Bright pink lips made a moue as her glittery lashes fluttered at him. "That really bites." She tossed hair streaked with purple highlights. Harajuku girls had nothing on this Hello Kitty lover. Too bad Brennen wasn't with him. "You're better looking than he is anyway. I'm A.J. and totally want to buy you a drink."

He listened to her with half an ear as Zoe's answer drifted over to him.

"Have you actually seen Ian Romanov? Who would date him for strictly business reasons?" Zoe asked with a crooked smile. That remark had some in the crowd laughing, but a few weren't entirely convinced.

"So maybe you're mixing business with pleasure. It's rather convenient he's the male lead and you had a major say in casting."

"Being photographed with him hardly makes us a couple. I was also photographed with the McGowan brothers and no one's asking me if I'm dating either of them."

"Maybe you haven't gotten around to it." Another journalist piped up. "We'll be sure to check out casting for any sequels that might be made."

Christian clenched his fists.

Ed Willis was the worst sort of journalist. Actually, using the term journalist to describe Willis stretched the definition to its breaking point. The fox-faced man made Christian's skin crawl.

"Hel-lo, I'm trying to pick you up." A.J.'s br**sts brushed against his arm.

He stepped back to avoid another "accidental" bump. A.J. was very attractive. He would go as far as saying she was a head turner. Normally, this kind of attention would be very much welcomed and completely thanked in the manner in which he excelled.

But she wasn't Zoe.

And he wasn't interested in the least.

"Thanks, but I'm otherwise engaged," he replied, focusing his attention on the sable haired woman behind the table.

A.J whirled away. "Asshole."

"Well, bless your heart," Zoe said.

He supposed that was code for 'screw you, buddy', but he wasn't sure.

"Wouldn't life be all dull if we didn't have pleasure? That's why I write my books-for my pleasure and hopefully my fans. Now, who can I make this out to?" Zoe's smile stayed firmly in place as she gripped the book in front of her.

So damned impressed by her, he wanted to clap and whistle. Hell, he was in awe of the way she had handled the situation.

To his immediate left, a group of guys argued over who was next in line at a nearby slot machine. The next thing he knew, one had thrown a punch. A woman screamed as chairs went flying through the air. Chairs that were from the book signing. He craned his head, looking through the crowd for Zoe.

He found her behind the table, face white as she searched the area. For him? It didn't matter. He had to get to her. Plunging through the mass of bodies, he ducked a fist and shoved men out of the way in his hurry. A sharp jab to his side had him grimacing and cursing. Hands grabbed at his shirt, trying to pull him into the center of the brawl.

A potted plant narrowly missed hitting Zoe's shoulder. He punched the ass**le touching him and jumped over chairs and the ropes that had contained the crowd.

People swarmed her table, knocking it over and sending her books to the floor. She tripped trying to get out of the way and a man twice her size fell on top of her. She staggered to her feet.

What he saw had icy fear clawing at him. Her dress had been torn and half her hair hung in her eyes. "Zoe," he shouted, but the crashing furniture and yelling drowned him out.

Security flooded the area, obscuring his view of her for only a minute, but it was enough time for her to disappear.

A flash of her orange dress caught his eye and he followed, watching as a tall man in a dark suit guided Zoe by the elbow. He hoped the guy was security.

Zoe's flushed face appeared, catching his eye as he neared and her body seemed to visibly relax. "Christian." She pushed at her escort as she tried to get away from him. "Stop, please. It's my... He's my... Christian."

The man in a three-piece suit bent closer, his mouth moving, but Christian was too far away to hear him.

"Zoe, I'm coming," he shouted, not giving a damn who recognized him. "Stay right there."

The couple rounded a corner and he panicked, then his panic turned to unmitigated rage. When he caught up with them, he didn't think. He grabbed the guy's fingers from around Zoe's shoulder and shoved him away from her. Christian didn't stop until he had him pressed against the wall.

"Christian, no. Don't hurt him," she implored, but he ignored her, pressing his forearm against the dark-haired man's throat.

"He kept you from me," Christian snarled, black and red dots of rage filling his vision.

"Get the hell off of me, Romanov," his prisoner bit out, but he ignored him, shoving his knee below the guy's groin and pushing up.

Christian looked around to make sure they were alone. He wanted to break every bone in the man's body.

"Mr. Matthews was protecting me." Zoe's soft drawl pierced the haze of fury.

"Son of a bitch." Jordan Matthews was among the top security for celebrities. Hell, he heard he was the top of the pile. Christian mentally counted to twenty before he released Matthews. He took a step back and ran shaky hands through his hair then grabbed Zoe's elbow, walking away with her.

"Wait." She stopped, nearly making him stumble. "Shouldn't you apologize to Mr. Matthews?

Christian glanced back at Mr. Matthews.

Jordan flipped him off.

"Don't think it's necessary," Christian said through clenched teeth. "He should have stopped when you asked." Actually, Matthews had done exactly the right thing, but he was in no mood to acknowledge that fact. Later when things and heads cooled, he would send him an apology in the form of the bloke's favorite vice.

"Where are you taking me?"

"Some place where men won't manhandle you."

"Does that include you?"

Instead of answering, he pulled her into an unlocked supply closet and secured the door.

"Christian?" Zoe shook as he backed her up against the tall shelves, but not because she thought he would hurt her. The reality of what had happened sank in. This would most likely become the most talked about book signing ever. Flashes of tables overturning, chairs flying, people shouting. A man falling on top of her, his weight crushing. Hands grabbing at her, ripping her dress and pulling at her hair.

"It's okay, love."

Before she knew what was happening, he caged her within his arms and his mouth was on hers. The kiss was savage, his tongue stabbing inside her mouth. She gave him the control he seemed to crave, kissing him back with the same amount of urgency.

She wound her arms around his neck. Passion and profound relief intermingled as they kissed. Christian had tried to save her from a rowdy crowd. From Jordan Matthews.

All too soon, his lips found the side of her face. He gently pulled the remaining pins out of her hair and ran his fingers through it. "Are you okay? I didn't scare you, did I?"

"Yes, no... Maybe. But not as much as what happened during my book signing."

"I'm so sorry. All I could think of was getting to you and Matthews was in my way," he said, massaging her scalp. "I'd stop the world from spinning if gravity was causing you pain. There is nothing I wouldn't do. Not a damn thing."

She moaned as fingers worked their magic. "Where did you learn to use your body like that?"

"Let's just say I do really well when I train for a role that calls for street fighting or hand to hand combat. I rarely require a stunt double." He leaned back and stared down at her, his expression intense. "Growing up, I was a bit of a brawler."

"Oh," was all she could manage to say.

"Today has been, without a doubt, the scariest one of my life."

Her heart beat loudly in her ears at his admission. "Why?"

He tilted her chin up. "You can't be serious. I thought my feelings for you were- are obvious." Flushed cheeks made his eyes seem a brighter blue. "I care about you. This makes sense. We make sense. You know more about me than any other person on this planet."

"I-I don't know what to say." His admission touched her heart. Her soul. However, the sensible part of her, the part of her that she still kept to herself and knew what Christian was capable of doing expected the worst.

He nipped at her bottom lip, then his tongue rubbed against it to soothe the sting. "Say you feel the same way, but if you don't..." His fingers lightly caressed the side of her face. "I'll change your mind somehow."

She leaned into him, his touch so calming yet seductive that her heart couldn't keep pace with her emotions. "I do, but-"

"No buts. No ifs." Christian's hand fell to his side, clenching and unclenching. "Tell me what to do...what to say to assure you I'm serious." He leaned against the metal shelves, the tips of his fingers pressing against his bottom lip as he studied her. She became hyper-aware of the rip in her dress, the throb at her temple and that her hair was completely undone.

Closing her eyes, she breathed in the familiar heartbreaking scent of him, then opened her eyes. "I don't know."

His lips pressed together. For a moment he looked as if he wanted to argue. "I want you to stay in your room for the rest of the afternoon. I need to make sure this wasn't planned, that it was only drunken idiots with an excess of testosterone. I've had threats in the past from stalkers."

"Most recently from those who want to blackmail me," he added with a resigned look on his face.

The pictures. She hated that he was in this position. He had so much to give, and already gave so much, without anyone knowing.

"Okay, I'll stay in my room until you find out who was behind it." She tucked a large chunk of hair behind her ear. It fell forward, covering one eye. "I need to call my family, anyway. I'd rather they hear about what happened from me than the news."

"Let them know that I'll do whatever it takes to keep you safe." His arms came around her, gently squeezing her. All she wanted him to do was hold her like this and never let go.

***

Arriving at her room, he turned to face her. "Don't unlock it for anyone but me." Taking her key to the room, he swiped the card and opened the door. He held up his hand, indicating for her to wait. "You've eaten lunch?"

"Yes, and I have snacks." Chocolate sounded good right about now. Lots and lots of chocolate.

"Good."

He entered first, checking the closet and bathroom before returning to the bedroom. "I'm sending security to stand at your door. Men on my payroll. Ones I trust and you can, too."

"B-but I don't need security now." Or maybe she did. "All right."

"Did your phone make it through?"

"I don't know." Frowning, she pulled her phone out of her skirt pocket and examined it. "Still works."

Plucking it out of her hand, he began typing. "Here's my number." He slipped the phone into the pocket of her skirt. "Text me if you need anything or if you just want to talk."

"Is this your sneaky way of getting my number?" she asked, trying to lighten his mood.

"Maybe. I'll be back soon, yes?" He kissed her again, hard and quick. "How about dinner at a restaurant without a reputation?"

She nodded in agreement, despite the need for him to stay. Only she didn't know how to ask, without coming across as needy. Why couldn't she woman-up and tell him exactly what she wanted?

"What am I thinking?" He scrubbed his hand across his face, then turned to lock the door behind them. "I can't leave you like this: alone and waiting on me. I'll make my phone calls from here, if that's okay?"

Smiling as he faced her again, she said, "Staying is exactly what you do to begin convincing me."

***

Christian posed for another picture and signed a napkin. He craned his neck, looking for Zoe. She sat on a nearby bench, playing with her phone. Mostly likely she was trying to beat his score at 'Angry Birds'.

After making the decision to not leave her alone, he'd spent rest of the afternoon with her lying in his arms as she drifted in and out of sleep. Inquiries had been made about the fight and The Oasis employee while he'd held her. The fight had turned out to be spontaneous. Unfortunately, Mr. Fulner didn't exist and all signs pointed to his father hiring the man to make Christian look bad.

He had become so furious at the news that he'd left Zoe (and a note) asleep in bed and a security guard at her door to go workout in the gym. Thank God she'd understood.

"Would you sign here?" A woman with a pouty red mouth pointed to her br**sts.

"Uh." He glanced at Zoe again. Her eyes met his, a grin playing on her lips. "How about here instead?" He wrote his name on the woman's arm and nodded to security.

Quickly and efficiently, they cleared the area as he ambled over to Zoe, propping one foot on the bench and leaning over her. "Ready for the show?"

"Isn't the main attraction already here?"

"Very funny, but I mean the one I told you about-the flash mob." Grinning, he stepped back and gently pulled her to her feet. She tucked her phone in her purse and smoothed her dress down.

"Aren't flash mobs supposed to be planned spontaneity?" She regarded him skeptically.

He brushed back the dark fall of silky hair gleaming on her shoulder. "Insider information." Brennen had told him the dancers would be performing a mash-up of some old Bruno Mars and Train songs. Brennen had also assured him the lyrics would be considered romantic by a woman like Zoe. To ensure his friend was telling the truth, Christian had promised Brennen severe bodily harm if the words 'smack that' left anyone's mouth.

"Did your informer say what kind of songs they'd be performing?"

"Something romantic."

Raising her brows, she smiled. "Pulling out all the stops for my last night in Vegas, huh? I'm impressed."

"I want it to be something you've never experienced. Hell, it'll be new for me."

Music sounded to the right of them. Men and women emerged from the crowd, joining in.

Zoe swayed lightly to the beat while she stood in front of him, then froze. His jaw dropped.

Brennen had kept his promise. 'Smack that' didn't leave anyone's mouth. It was worse. Much, much worse.

When the last notes faded away, she turned to face him. "Did you mean it or was that for everyone else?" Her dark eyes were luminous and vulnerable.

He couldn't do this, not to her. No matter how much his agent would love this kind of news about him. Not even for an organization like B.T.S. It was too cruel, too permanent. He had enough sins weighing him down.

But his heart had other ideas. There would never be another moment like this, so perfect and right. He would never have another woman look at him like Zoe was right now. Like he'd hung the moon and stars for her. She didn't see him as Ian Romanov, the actor. She knew him, down to his most guarded secrets, as Christian Romanov, the man.

As if coming from a far off distance he heard himself ask, "Will you?"

"Yes," she whispered, throwing her arms around him.

Then he kissed her.

Chapter Seventeen

Young Elvis winked and shot a finger pistol at them as Christian carried her out of main room of the chapel.

"Thank you. Thank you very much," Zoe shouted in her best Elvis voice. Her head swam from the all the glasses of champagne she'd drank while they were waiting for their turn. Who knew so many people came to the Little White Church or was it the den of iniquity? Too bad she didn't have her notepad with her.

Christian set her on her feet and she lurched to one side. "Hang on there, Mrs. Romanov."

Reaching around him to grab another glass, she'd only taken a few sips before he snatched it away. "Hey, that's mine."

"I think you've had enough, love. Can't have you puking your guts up on our wedding night."

Her vision blurred, then his fallen angel face came into focus. "Would you hold my hair back if I did? And then feed me Bo' Jangles the next morning?"

"Is that a cure for a hangover?"

She giggled. "Always worked in college."

"Were you a wild-child in college? We never discussed Zoe: The College Years."

"No, I was very, very good." She dramatically sighed, thinking of all the times Melanie hadn't talked her into going out. "All I did was study, study and study some more. No playtime for me."

"Not even once?" He smiled at her and she wrapped her arms around his neck to hug him.

"Once I was very, very naughty." She held a finger to her lips. "Don't tell my momma, but I did it again tonight."

"I would think all mothers would love their daughters getting married."

Zoe snorted. "You haven't met my mother."

"She can't be that bad."

"That's what you think. My mother tends to be dramatic." She swept her arm out, smacking a vase of flowers and sending the entire thing crashing to the floor. "Oops! I'm sorry. So sorry, Young Elvis."

"Add it to our bill," Christian said.

"Thanks for not minding my non-sportsiness."

"That's not a real word."

She tried to give him an imposing frown. "It's my wedding night, and I can say what I like." She let go of him and leaned against the wall. "And I likey that word."

"Lucky for you I can afford your un-non, er, sporty stuff."

"Non-sportsiness," she corrected. "And I can afford myself."

"But I like taking care of you." Christian looked down at his bride as her eyes closed, faint smudges of mascara under them.

She'd cried when they kissed as man and wife. Then she'd gotten really happy, kissing the preacher and the Elvis impersonator. Hell, he had to stop her before she'd kissed the groom waiting to go next. Not that the guy minded, but Christian sure as hell had. The guy's fiancee hadn't looking too excited about the prospect either. Even Zoe had noticed and had thrown her bouquet at the woman, telling her to turn her frown upside down.

Frowning, she mumbled something about her hair. He glanced at her head. The makeshift crown of pink and green flowers she'd put in her hair while they had waited had wilted, but she looked rather enchanting. Her little pink dress made her look bride like. The marriage certificate made it official.

Come tomorrow he would either kill Brennen or thank him. Maybe do both, then go on a long honeymoon in a country that didn't extradite criminals.

He shoved his hands in his pockets to find his phone, texting Sasha with a few instructions. He needed a ring for his bride, and not just any ring either.

They'd almost skipped over the ring portion of the ceremony, until he remembered the one in his pocket. He suspected Sasha had slipped the thing in his pocket. He also suspected Sasha was in cahoots with Brennen. But why?

She fussed at the platinum circle when it hit the floor for the hundredth time. "Oh, you slippery little sucker. You better stay in place this time."

He stifled a grin.

"Here's your copy of the pictures and video of your wedding," the manager of the chapel said, handing Christian a flash drive decorated with faux diamonds.

"Thanks," Christian said. Zoe would be enormously pleased when she had a chance to view them. She had oohed and ahhed over all the Wall of Matrimonial Bliss. Such a little romantic he'd married.

His little romantic fell on her butt.

"Sorry, it's the champagne," she said, her words slurring. "Champagne. CHAM-pagne. Does that word sound funny to you? Cham-PAGNE." The ring fell in her lap. "Darn it, my wedding ring slipped again. It's too big for me. Like you."

At least she was a happy drunk unlike his mother who'd wept and railed at the world over what a bastard his father was until the day she'd left. Although, he was inclined to agree with her assessment of Vladimir.

He brushed away the melancholy thoughts.

After texting Sasha, again, when he didn't reply, he sat beside Zoe, but she had other ideas and parked herself in his lap. He groaned as her cute bum ground into his groin.

"You okay? Want me to kiss your owie?"

His what? "I'm okay."

"No, you're not." She plunged her hands between his legs.

"Carefu-ow," he yelped as her fingers pinched him on the thigh. Now the word made complete sense.

She grabbed his hand, holding it up to the light. "I'm really sorry I stabbed you." Her lips were gentle as they moved over the faint scar. "Poor baby."

"It's nothing, Zoe."Actually, he quite liked the fuss she made over him.

"Love," she said.

"What?"

"I love it when you call me love. No one calls me love, but you. No one loves me, but you." Her hand crept around his neck. "And I love you, too. Only you, my husband and I lahve him. You."

She tried kissing him, missed and nearly high-fived the wall with her face. He managed to stop her just in time by grabbing her shoulders. He pressed a kiss to the top of her head.

"Are you going to start singing again? The couple in front of us did enjoy your rendition of "Somebody to Love" and you had the entire chapel joining in on the chorus." Christian smiled fondly at the recent memory.

"Wise men say, only fools rush in," she sang in her off-key, but sweet voice. She leaned back in his arms and gazed up at him. "I forgot the rest. Sing it to me."

"You did not and that's not the right song."

"Just a little bit of singing, please." She batted her lashes at him, and he caved faster than sandcastle hit by a wave.

"Somebody to love," he sang softly.

"I knew it." She curled against him. "You remembered our song."

He held her close, stroking her back until he thought she'd fallen asleep. It ate at him that he couldn't remember meeting her, much less their first kiss. And God help him if he was right about it being more than a kiss. A mixture of shame and remorse tried to invade his soul, but he held the emotions at bay. Surely, if it was that important, that involved, she would tell him.

After all she'd told him about the man that had broken her heart.

"I'm ready for my honeymoon, Mr. Romanov."

So was he, but making love to an inebriated woman was high on his list of things he never did anymore. "You're drunk."

"Am not," she argued, kissing his neck.

He shivered. "We'll see."

***

"Make love to me," she pleaded.

"We can't," Christian insisted, but his body had other ideas and his arse stayed firmly planted beside her.

What the hell was he doing anyway? It had all started with a good night kiss and had quickly turned into her pulling him to the bed. And of course he'd followed her down. And of course it had made complete sense to kiss her again.

Her toes caressed his ankles while her hands explored the inside of his shirt, rubbing her palms against his chest. And he was acting like a damn schoolboy, running his fingers through her long, silky hair and tickling the side of her face with one of the flowers he plucked from the crown she'd made.

"Yes, we can. All you have to do is insert part C into part Z," she teased.

He made another pass with the petals of the rose he was holding, highlighting her eyebrows. "You've got an instruction manual in your carry-on?" he murmured, pressing his lips against hers.

"It's written in the language of love."

"I speak that particular language fluently." Oh, good God. Someone make it stop. She'd kill him when she remembered the ridiculous lines he'd just used on her.

"Be my tutor." Her tongue slid in his mouth to coax and tease until his followed. When she sucked on it, his dick throbbed in response.

Holy hell, he had to stop while he could. "Zoe, you're drunk and I don't want you to regret this." He pulled away, resting his head on the pillow beside her. He closed his eyes as her hands ran up and down his back.

"I wouldn't. Not one bit," she said, her words feathery light in his ear. She scooted closer, her curvy body molding to his once more.

He untangled his body from hers and sat up, shoving his legs over the side of the bed and gripping the covers so he wouldn't touch her again. "It's not that I don't want to because, God help me I do."

"Wait! I have to tell you something," she said, tugging at his shirt. "It's really important. My name-"

"Just a minute, love." He jumped up from the bed and strode into the bathroom, splashing cold water on his face. "No touching the wife. Keep your damn hands to yourself. She's drunk." Grimacing, he swiped a hand towel over his face. "Now all you have to do is go in there, tell her good night and sleep in one of the other five bedrooms in this place. Alone. Again."

Just how many times could they come so close, but never finish? Only for tonight. One more night and then he'd make love to her until he couldn't or keeled over.

He blew out a long breath, confident he could resist her. He walked back to the bedroom to find his bride sound asleep, with one hand under her cheek and her lips slightly parted.

Gazing at the ceiling, he mouthed a 'thank you'.

After covering her up and pressing a chaste kiss to her forehead, he tilted his head from side to side and joints popped, relieving some tension. He ached to join her. And why shouldn't he? He could wake her up in the morning with kisses and-

She sighed, rolling to her back and making her dress dip dangerously low. Her br**sts rose with every breath. Instantly, he was rock hard and throbbing for relief. With a restraint he wasn't aware he possessed, he back away.

"Good night," he whispered and left the room.

Chapter Eighteen

Zoe's eyes popped open. She sat up, looking around the unfamiliar bedroom.

The unfamiliar weight on her ring finger caught her attention as the previous night's events came rushing back. Flash Mob. Little White Chapel. Skinny Elvis. Kissing Christian in bed. Not only that, she had pleaded and begged him to have sex with her. He'd refused not once, not twice but three times.

Groaning, she fell back on the pillow and stretched an arm over her eyes.

"Good morning, wife. Already regretting last night?"

She jerked up, watching as Christian pressed a button on his way to her. The curtains moved into hidden chambers in the wall. "Of course not." She blinked and squinted at the sunlight streaming through the floor to ceiling windows.

The mattress dipped slightly under his weight as he sat down. He looked completely sexy and ready for the day while she had morning breath and bedhead. A sneaky glance at the mirror directly across from the bed made her want to yank the sheet over her head, and not come out again until he left.

"Feel like eating?" His blue eyes were sympathetic.

Her stomach growled. "Maybe some dry toast and a glass of orange juice." That usually calmed her stomach.

"I'll be back," he said, rising from the bed.

As soon as he left the room, she raced to the bathroom. "Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God," she chanted. After seeing to her most pressing need first, she washed her hands, rinsed her mouth out with some mouthwash and scrubbed at her face. There wasn't much she could do for her hair, but she managed to make the side sticking up lay back down.

Well, at least she didn't look like she could scare him into an annulment. He was probably used to waking up with women whose hair was gently tousled and their makeup sleep proof. Not smeared to look like a before picture.

She made it back to bed and slid under the covers before Christian returned.

He coughed, then sat down beside her. "We need to talk about last night."

"Don't remind me," she moaned. Insert part C into part Z. Could she have sounded more ridiculous? Oh, wait she could and had. It's written in the language of love.

"But you were so hot. So wild and uninhibited. No matter how many times I told you we couldn't do it on the balcony, you insisted. And as your husband, it's my duty to make you happy." He stroked the side of her face. "My little wildcat."

She tried swallowing, but her mouth felt like gauze had been stuffed into it. Not only had they had sex, but she had been an exhibitionist. To make matters worse, she didn't remember anything. "I...uh, that is..."

Christian looked hurt and his hand fell away. "It wasn't good for you? Did I fail to live up to your expectations?"

Horrified, she shook her head. There was no way she was going to admit she didn't remember their time together. "Oh, no, you were... awesome." Awesome? She was a best-selling novelist and that's the best adjective she could come up with? She racked her brain. "It was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. Almost like I wasn't myself." It had to be, because blanks kept coming up when she tried to rewind her memories. She had the absurd notion to scream her fool head off in frustration.

A grin tugged at his mouth. "Don't you mean almost like it didn't happen?"

She gasped, then grabbed the pillow beside her and began smacking him with it. "You mean, teasing thing."

He laughed and blocked her blows. In one swift move, he had her wrists pinned to the bed.

"I missed you, Zoe." He licked at a small spot on her neck. Heat spread through her body in languorous waves. "Tonight, I'm going to make love to you until you've forgotten your name. Until you only exist for my pleasure and me for yours. I'm going to be so deep inside of you that we fuse from the heat of our bodies."

"Knock, knock. Are you two indecent?" came a male voice, with a British accent.

Christian looked at her with such longing that it took her breath away. Releasing her wrists, he turned to face their intruder. "Have I ever told you, Sasha, that your timing leaves much to be desired?"

"Hello, beautiful. Here's the toast and orange juice you ordered." Sasha gestured to the tray now resting on the nightstand. He sat down beside Zoe. "Gave the butler the day off."

"Um, thank you," she said.

"Shall I feed it to you, dear?" asked Sasha with a wink.

Zoe's eyes grew as round as DVDs before she looked at Christian with 'help me' practically written all over her face.

Christian pulled her over to his lap and reached for the tray, balancing it with one hand and settling it in her lap. "My wife can feed herself." He grabbed the toast out of her hand and held it up to her mouth. "Here."

She took a small bite. As she chewed, he could almost see the gears turning in her head.

Sasha's knowing eyes roved over Zoe, and it was all Christian could do not to punch him. Good God. He was jealous. Pure and simple. He was now one of those guys, with the potential to punch another bloke out first and ask questions later.

"He's such a spoilsport," Sasha said. "Never lets me do a damn thing. Are you into menage, darling?"

The toast fell to the tray. "Excuse me?"

Christian felt her body tense. "For God's sake, Sasha, this is my wife."

"Never stopped you before."

She made a face. "You two-"

"Not with me, of course. He did that with-"Christian punched him in the arm. "What?"

"Alexander, you are not helping," Christian ground out.

"I thought his name was Sasha?"

"Only when I like him."

Sasha raised a brow. "I thought we were getting to know one another."

"That's called too much information, Alexander." She set the tray to the side, then grabbed the glass of juice.

Sasha cupped his hands behind his head and shifted his hips from side to side. "This bed is actually quite comfortable. A lot of spring to help with-What now?"

"Out." Christian pointed at the bedroom door.

Sasha crossed one ankle over the other. "Think I'll stay here, mate."

"I'm going to take a shower," she announced, slipping from Christian's lap and running to the bathroom. Her drink went with her.

"Let me know if you need help washing your back, dear," Sasha called out, his phone in his hands.

"Why are you still here?"

"To compliment you on your exquisite taste in wives."

"Glad you approve," Christian replied. "However, it's wife in the singular sense and you keep your bloody compliments to yourself."

An evil grin lit Sasha's face. "Surely you can't be thinking to keep her all to yourself?"

Christian glared at him, until he heard the shower running and the television blaring. Apparently, she had turned it to one of the five thousand music channels because in the next heartbeat, Zoe was singing along to some hideous pop song.

"Still want her?" Christian asked as Sasha's expression became one of pain.

"Please tell me she doesn't do that when you shag her."

"I'm not telling you anything."

"Less than twenty-four hours of being leg-shackled and you're already boring." Sasha tucked his phone back into his pocket.

"Where were you last night?" Christian asked, ignoring the smirk on his cousin's face as they walked out of the bedroom.

"I was otherwise occupied."

"You mean you were shagging some woman blind, then got pissed."

"You say tomato and I say...We say it the exact same way. Anyway, after satisfying the very lovely Kianna and getting a text from you, I left her sleeping in bed while I performed my duties for you." He gestured to the living room, where several packages were piled on the coffee table. "As you can see, you interrupted my night."

"Yes, a virtual martyr you've become. Shall I look for marks of self-flagellation?"

A woman walked by, disappearing into his bedroom with what he assumed were Zoe's belongings. Her purple laptop was plugged in and humming on a nearby desk. An enormous vase of sunflowers sat on the corner beside it.

His cousin sauntered over to a nearby table and gathered a packet. "I've got a whole list of details on your new wife, but I'm afraid she's rather boring. No love child. Used to be a waitress. No drug history. Lives near her parents. Volunteers at the food bank, church and the local library." He pulled a face. "Ugh, make it bloody boring. However, the bit about some legendary local springs and only true love finding them sound interesting. Marginally."

"You can thank me later by actually paying me," he added, waving the papers at Christian.

Christian grunted as he eyed him, taking note of the designer pants, slim-fitting button down and Italian handcrafted shoes. Sasha wasn't hurting for anything. "Where in God's name did you get all this information so quickly?"

"Imagine, if you will, a search engine that allows you to type in the object of your knowledge quest and presto," Sasha snapped his fingers, "It's laid down at your proverbial feet. Anyway, Zoe Martha Ambrose of Holland Springs, North Carolina, has four brothers and one sister who posts YouTube videos of herself singing. One of them you might know. His name is Dr. Luke Ambrose and he has a reality show on HBO."

"I already know about her family. Well, the highlights." Christian had heard rumblings of the supposed good looking doctor. "But isn't he Latin or something?"

"He and his twin brother, Logan, were adopted by the Ambroses. Found them as children on a mission trip to South America. Can't remember the country right off hand. Maybe Chile." Sasha shrugged. "You know the whole time I was doing this the theme from Mission: Impossible kept playing in my head."

"At least something was there to keep your lone brain cell company."

"At least I'm not sexually frustrated. I thought the curse of the wedding ring didn't happen until at least a year into to it," Sasha said.

Murder was illegal, Christian thought. Was it still considered murder if it was a crime of passion? Because right now, he felt like choking Sasha-passionately.

Christian grabbed an orange from the fruit basket and peeled it, popping a slice in his mouth. "Did you bring what I wanted?"

Two women entered the room, their uniforms identifying them as staff as they began to clean. The younger one kept giving them side glances and bending over at the waist to show off her Kim Kardashian asset. It was wasted on him, but not apparently on Sasha.

"Catch." Sasha winked at the woman and threw a box from the table into Christian's waiting hand. He set down the fruit and opened the package. Nestled inside was his grandmother's wedding ring. It looked small enough to fit Zoe's finger. Actually, it looked like it was made for her.

"Sebastian is going to kill you when he finds out."

"I know." Christian grinned big and shoved it in his pocket. "That's why I had you get it."

"He wanted that ring for his fiance," Sasha revealed.

"My brother's engaged?"

"No." Sasha hopped on the table and grabbed an apple, polishing it on his shirt before he took a bite. "He's planning ahead. You know his saying."

"'Prior planning prevents piss-poor performance'," they said in unison.

"Sebastian needs to try being in his twenties," Christian said. "Then again, I might be the one forced to run for a position with the EU."

"But just look at you now, old man. You're going all respectable. Guess I'll be forced to go at it alone from now on." Sasha took another bite of the apple before setting it down beside him.

"You'll survive, I'm sure."

"Truer words have never been spoken." A fierce light entered Sasha's eyes, but as quickly as it came it left. "This wasn't for good press was it?"

Christian shrugged his shoulders in answer and dipped his head slightly. "There's something about her."

"And that would be?"

The answer was clear, and he embraced it fully. "There are some things a man shares with his wife before he announces it to the world."

Sasha half jumped off the table and thrust the stapled print-out to Christian. "Be as vague as you want, mate."

"Thanks. Terribly brilliant of you to do this." Christian read the first page. "You have her measurements, height and weight on here. And blood type?"

"Google wasn't my only resource."

"Nice to know the Romanov name is actually being used for good. So that's what Bo'Jangles is. Hmm, they don't have any around here." He raised a brow and glanced at Sasha. "Imagine."

"You want me to have something flown in?"

"No, she's leaving tomorrow morning and I plan on joining her."

"You can't," Sasha said.

Christian jerked his head up. "I can and I will." Wherever Zoe went, he would follow. Eagerly.

Sasha pulled out his blackberry. "You're to be in Burma by the twentieth. Filming starts the day after. It's already been delayed once, Christian. Another push back and it's killed."

Christian cursed, knowing that Sasha was right and that he couldn't do this to Khandiri. He'd made promises and invested in the Burma project. To not show up would be unthinkable, not to mention a personal insult.

But what would Zoe think and more importantly how would she feel? He wanted to punch a wall. He closed his eyes and mentally got himself together before striding to his bedroom. At the bedroom door, he turned and frisbeed the papers at Sasha. "Put this where I can find it later, and give her one about me."

"Can I at least throw a party?" Sasha called out.

"Have at it."

Chapter Nineteen

Christian strode inside just as Zoe walked out of the bathroom. She was wearing one of his robes and her hair was freshly washed. They met in the middle of the room, staring at one another until her cheeks flushed.

"Hi," she said softly.

He cleared his throat. "I can't go home with you tomorrow."

Her brow wrinkled, then smoothed. "You want me to come home with you instead, like before?"

"No."

"Oh, okay... I understand."

"No you don't, love. I have a prior commitment to make a documentary. It's in a country that's not very hospitable to foreign women, especially American ones."

"But it's okay for you?" Concern shone in her eyes.

"Yes." Taking her hand in his, he rubbed the makeshift wedding band on her finger. "Anyway, to show you how much I'd rather be with you and that I'm coming home after two weeks," He dug into his pocket and pulled out a small box, "I want you to have this."

Flicking it open with his thumb, he waited for her reaction, but there was none. Not one gasp or sigh or 'Good Lord' from her. Nothing.

An uncomfortable silence stretched between them.

Finally she said, "It's beautiful."

He wanted to ask her what was wrong. Instead he let go of her hand long enough to free the ring. "Take off that one."

She shook her head. "No, this is the ring we got married with. I don't need a fancier one."

"But this will fit better and it's a family heirloom-my grandmother's, actually," he said, thinking the reason for the silence must have been because she didn't want to hurt his feelings by being excited. Zoe had such a soft heart, and he intended for her to stay that way. There was no way in hell he was exposing her to the Hollywood lifestyle. Or his family. The ocean between them wasn't far enough away from his wife.

"Slide it on and the other will stay put," she conceded.

"You are one stubborn woman, but I appreciate you not wanting to hurt my feelings."

The rings flashed in the filtered sunlight and a memory bubbled to the surface, catching him off guard with its inconveniently timed clarity.

"How do I know you'll actually show up?" Amber teased between good-bye kisses.

He slid the one of the two platinum rings he always wore off and onto her finger. "I'll want this back tomorrow." He glanced down. The ring seemed to glow. "Your hand looks lovely adorned like this. Or rather the ring is a lovely adornment for the hand. It'll be the only way I'll know it's you without the mask."

Dammit.

He had to get this ring off of Zoe's finger. He wanted nothing of Amber tainting what he had with Zoe. He reached for her hand, but she forestalled him with a hug and leaned back in his embrace.

"Men-stroke your egos and y'all fall at our feet," she said, winking at him.

He lowered his mouth to hers. "At the very least I should get a thank you kiss."

"While I should get a wedding night." She nibbled on his bottom lip.

Desire flared and he cupped her face to bring her closer. The memories of Amber fell away and so did all thoughts of confiscating his ring. "We keep getting interrupted, but tonight I don't care if God Himself comes knocking."

"Poor thing." Her eyes darkened. She fisted the material of his shirt and pulled him closer. "Why should we wait for tonight?"

"Brilliant woman."

As if on cue, a knock sounded on their door.

"Dammit, Sasha, what the hell do you want now?" he growled as she let go of him.

"Baxter is here with his entourage to take pictures of the deliriously happy newlyweds." Sasha opened the door. "Martha sent him. Said to remind the two of you that it's in your contract. And for Zoe not to wear anything that plays music. Whatever that means."

Christian looked at Zoe. She mouthed the word denied, then covered her mouth with her hand while her shoulders shook. Laugh at him would she? He'd teach her a lesson. "Send them in."

Sasha's forehead scrunched. "In here?"

Christian unbuttoned his shirt. "Over there, to be more precise." He waved his hand in the general direction of the bed.

"Absolutely not." She shook her head, wet strands of hair flying. "I'm not doing a nude photo shoot with you in bed. My parents could see it!"

Christian gave her an angelic smile. "That's a fantastic idea. I'll be sure to tell Baxter what you, I mean, we have in mind. Remember, it's in our contract."

***

If looks could kill, Christian would be six feet under as of twenty minutes ago. Zoe was still murdering him with her eyes as a team of make-up artists and hair stylists got them ready. She sat in a chair, a white sheet wrapped around her.

"It's time for the lovebirds to get into their nest," Baxter called out, completely into the exclusive bed shots of the semi-nude couple he would soon have stored on his memory stick.

Christian saw Zoe roll her eyes and he wanted to join her, but he decided to annoy her instead. "You heard him, sweet cheeks. Get into our cozy nest."

"I'm going to make you pay for this," she hissed, but he saw a twinkle in her eyes. She wasn't entirely upset at the notion. She yanked the covers back and slid in, keeping the white fabric draped around her.

Christian stripped. Most of the world had seen him bare-assed at one time or another. He joined her, but she scooted as far away from him as possible without actually leaving the bed.

"Sweetheart, don't be shy. Take off the sheet and hug your husband."

"But you still have coffee and cigarette breath. The two smells that make me want to vomit the most," she said sweetly.

Two could play at this game. Christian tugged the sheet away as she made a hasty grab for the comforter, revealing glimpses of her lush body. "The baby making you sick, love?"

Zoe's mouth opened and closed like a fish. Her eyes slid over to the photographer and his entourage. "I am not pregnant."

They nodded at her, then whispered to each other.

Christian took advantage of the distraction they provided as she once again tried to protest. He pulled her close and threw his leg over her thighs, effectively trapping her against him as he nuzzled her forehead. "Stop denying it, or they'll think you're bullshitting them."

"But honey, you know what the doctor said about your impotence." She smirked. "How's that?"

Her smile evaporated as he kissed the side of her mouth. "Sweetheart, the video we made last night says otherwise. Shall I get my cell out to remind you?" He lowered his voice. "It's not you in it, but since the woman's face is never shown, I can claim otherwise." Actually, he was bluffing and all other women had been permanently erased from his memory and hard drives since meeting Zoe. Except for one. His memories of Amber needed to be exorcised from his soul.

"I can't believe you have that on your phone."

"Maybe I do and maybe I don't." He prayed she'd backed down.

Her face turned pink and she buried it in his chest. "Fine."

As it turned out, the afternoon of pictures resulted in pure torture for him. Every time they were repositioned, her br**sts or bum would press against him and his body would respond in kind. He was going to have permanent blue balls from all the erections he'd had in the past week. His only consolation was that she wasn't immune to him. Her ni**les were hard, her panties were damp and her breaths were coming out in little pants.

He slid his hand down her back. She let out a little sigh, melting into him. If only the cameras weren't here. He would peel away the flimsy barrier of clothes and wrap her legs around his waist. She would make those little sounds in the back of her throat that he loved to hear while she rocked against him, soaking him with her arousal.

Sweat broke out on his forehead as he grew rock hard. Concentrating on the top of Zoe's head, he willed his erection away.

Baxter snapped picture after picture. "Much better. You two aren't fighting each other anymore. Zoe, put your left hand on his jaw. Ian put your right hand on the back of her neck, cupping it softly and titling her face up to yours."

She made the first move. He cupped her elegant neck, dark hair falling in silky waves and tickling his skin. Her eyes met his, pale jades, olives and forest greens infusing the irises. Plump lips barely parted as she pressed closer to him. Pearled ni**les scraped his chest.

"Let's take five while I get a new memory stick," Baxter announced.

"Christian?"

"Yes, love," he said as her lashes swept down. His heart swelled. In a million years, he never thought he'd find someone like Zoe.

"Please pull up the sheet. Baxter's assistants keep tugging it down to my waist."

"No one can actually see anything, and the pictures will photoshopped to show the 'real us'."

She turned so that her next breath highlighted his ear. "Please, I've never been nude in front of anyone. I mean, my doctor, my momma, Melanie and Eva have seen me, but that doesn't count."

He froze. "What about the guy who broke your heart."

"Not exactly."

How did she not exactly get nude to have sex-wait, there were tons of ways to do that. "What about your ex?"

Silky hair tickled his nose. "No."

Her ex had never seen her sans clothing? "Why not?"

"Gabriel wanted to wait until after we were married, and I agreed with him."

He waited for her to elaborate, then decided it wasn't really any of his business. She hadn't asked him to name all the women he'd slept with, and he was being a dick for doing it to her. But asking for a specific period of time wasn't the same. At least that's what he told himself before asking, "How long has it been?"

"Promise you won't laugh?"

Laughing was nowhere near any of the reactions he was having at the moment. "You have my word."

"Over four years," came her answer, flooring him. Staring at the top of her head, he tried processing what she said. Tried to wrap his mind around someone consciously making the decision to abstain for so long.

"That's a really long time."

"I know," she said. "Will you cover me up now?"

Feeling like an ass for making her play twenty questions, he pulled the sheet up to her shoulders. "Better?"

"Thank you," she murmured before kissing him.

"That's the shot we've been looking for." Baxter crowed, the camera once again digitally freezing every move. "This will have them talking for weeks. Months. Every major magazine and Internet site will have this splashed all over their front pages."

They broke apart and she met his eyes once more, in their depths a sweet vulnerability. Zoe was his wife.

His to cherish and protect, not sell out.

"Bring Mrs. Romanov's robe and then get the hell out."

Baxter stared at him, sputtering, "But, but that last shot."

Christian merely raised a brow. "I'll triple what you've been promised, but the price includes everything."

"Including this?" Baxter waved the memory stick.

"Especially that."

Chapter Twenty

Zoe took a deep breath, then smiled at her laptop's camera. "Last night I got married to Ian Romanov."

"TMZ was right?" Luke asked, his cup dropping to the floor.

Heath plopped down in the nearest chair, his long legs sprawled out in front of him. "What's his favorite color? I'll knit matching hats for the two of you."

"I knew it." Melanie smiled in satisfaction.

The screen froze on her best friend's face and Zoe smacked it in frustration. "Stupid connection."

"My house is not a trashcan. Pick it up," she heard Carter, the eldest of the Ambrose siblings, say as their video call resumed.

Luke muttered 'sorry' and did as he was told, but then Logan, the pusher of buttons, got involved. "Zoe. Got. Married," Logan repeated with a smirk, then looked at the group. "Think I should say it in Spanish? It is his first language."

Melanie snorted and Zoe laughed.

"I heard what she said, chilito."

Logan grabbed his crotch. "I got your little bitch, right here."

"So, you're admitting we're not identical everywhere."

Carter shot to his feet. "Do you mind? There are ladies present. Not to mention your niece is taking a nap just inside the house."

"Who invited Eva? She'll tell the whole county." Heath picked up the bag of chips and tilted it up, frowning when nothing came out.

Evangeline, the youngest of the Ambrose siblings, tossed her hair. "Please, my nickname isn't Mouth of the South. That honor would belong to you, brother o' mine."

The two started arguing and pretty soon the entire room was off subject.

"Do something, Carter," Zoe ordered her brother.

Carter whistled and every head turned to look at him. "Could everyone shut up long enough to concentrate on the problem at hand?"

"How is it a problem Zoe's married?" Melanie asked.

Zoe wrinkled her nose. "Yeah, how is that a problem?"

"You're assuming they'll stay that way," Luke pointed out.

"Gee, thanks, Luke," Zoe snapped.

"I think it's romantic," Evangeline sighed and Zoe beamed at her. She could always count on her baby sister's support.

Heath rolled his eyes. "That's because you're female. That's all women think about-marriage and babies."

"Is that what Isabella Edwards has been thinking about?" her baby sister shot back.

Zoe tried to get a better look at her youngest brother. He was still after Isabella? She hoped no one told Gabriel. He'd hunt Heath down, drive out to the ocean and drown him for trying tomes with his sister.

"How do you know about me and her?" Heath's voice rose. Yep, he was a dead man.

Evangeline wiggled her brows. "Oh, I know things about people you wouldn't believe. Things that would blow your mind."

"What possessed you to do something so stupid? So out of character?" Luke stopped in the middle of the room and crossed his arms over his chest. He stared at her computer screen image, then glared at Melanie. "Or should I say who encouraged you to lose your damn mind out there?"

"Well, I just told her to shake things up a little and be wild out in Vegas. I didn't think she'd get married. I thought she'd just find a man to get it... on... with." Melanie's words slowed as every male but Carter looked at her like she was insane.

Zoe groaned and smacked a hand to her forehead. "Stop talking, Melanie!"

Evangeline started laughing.

"Dammit, Eva, it's not funny. The thought of that womanizing ass**le touching her makes me want to perform surgery on him without anesthesia. Romanov doesn't respect women. He just uses them." Luke's hands clenched into fists. He looked like he was itching for a fight. "I know all about his reputation. He's legend."

Evangeline smiled brightly. "I think Zoe likes the thought of him touching her. In fact I know she would."

Heath groaned and leaned forward in his chair. "I hate repeating myself, but how do you know?"

A cold chill went down Zoe's spine and her palms became damp. What exactly did Eva know?

"You people are so thick."At their blank looks, she sighed and pulled out her e-reader. "Maybe this will help your feeble male minds."

"Evangeline Mae, put that up," Zoe ordered, wishing she could teleport through the wireless connection and smash it to pieces. "I should've never given you the stupid thing."

Understanding dawned on each face as it was passed around, until Luke got it. His pissed-as-hell-look grew darker. "Don't tell me this is the same guy she met out in California at that party of Aunt M's."

"No problem." Evangeline snatched the e-reader back from Luke and handed it to her sister-in-law.

Zoe grabbed her laptop and yelled at it. "Hello, I'm still here! Ask me, not her."

Melanie ran her finger across the small screen, turning pages. "There could be lots of tall Russian guys with blond hair, blue eyes and...oh, yeah...in chapter fourteen, we find out Dimitri has a tattoo of a sunflower. Doesn't Ian have a tattoo of a rose-seriously?" Her brown eyes flew to Zoe's, hurt filling them. "I can't believe you kept it from me."

"I didn't keep it from anyone," she mumbled, ducking her head to avoid Melanie's stare. It was the only thing Zoe'd ever kept from her best friend.

"But he's the bad guy," Heath pointed out, shooting Zoe a funny look when she glanced back at the monitor. "Bad guys are, well, bad."

"Wow, Heath. Anymore words of wisdom you care to share with the group?" Logan asked.

"Dimitri isn't completely bad," Zoe said, her cheeks heating. "He's misunderstood. And I'll have you know that I use celebrity pictures all the time as inspirations. Joshua's doppelganger is Henry Cavill."

"The guy from The Tudors?" Evangeline sent Zoe a disbelieving look. "Yeah, right. Anyway, the pictures of them from that night helps, too."

"You went through my things?" All thoughts of gratitude for her sister's support fled. To think that she'd help Eva sneak out to see Reece by distracting their mother with a spur of the moment shopping spree. Zoe hated shopping with their mother. Or rather what their mother tried to get her to buy.

"Welcome to my world," Heath grumbled, his mouth full of chips. It wasn't surprising that he was on his next bag. He was always hungry, always eating. Then again, playing for a minor baseball league while trying to get the attention of scouts from the majors was grueling on the body. Heath was obsessed with playing and working out. He was also obsessed with knitting. Something that amused the rest of the Ambroses to no end.

"What pictures?" Carter asked.

"The ones hidden in a shoe box at the top of her closet." Evangeline toyed with a button on her cardigan.

Everyone's head swiveled to Zoe.

"You mean the one labeled private?" Zoe narrowed her eyes at her little sister.

Evangeline flushed. "I might have accidentally knocked the box down and they might have accidentally fallen out. And I might have accidentally looked at them...and tried on the ring with them."

Zoe glanced behind her, checking the door. All she needed was for Christian to overhear this family conversation, before she had a chance to talk with him.

Melanie's eyes widened. "There's a ring?"

"Does anyone get to have any privacy around here?" Heath asked.

"You lost all rights to privacy when your marriage ceremony went viral on YouTube," Carter pointed out.

Zoe slid her gaze to the webpage she'd minimized. The video had gotten over three million hits. "We're nowhere near 'cute kitten rescued by hot fireman' levels."

Carter crossed his arms. "What a relief." Sarcasm dripped from his words.

"Has anyone given any thought to the location situation?" Logan asked, snatching an unopened bag of chips from Heath after he'd returned from the pantry.

Everyone, including Zoe, stared at him in confusion.

"Well, Romanov lives-and I'm taking a big leap here-in LA, while Zoe lives, well, not in California. As in they have homes on the opposite sides of the country. Hell, isn't he British? Where will they live?"

"Who says he's going to live that long to find out?" Luke countered.

Zoe narrowed her eyes at her bloodthirsty brother. "Really, Luke? Your solution is violence? Way to be all doctory."

Luke crossed his arms, unfazed by her insult. "You got married because blondie over there told you to be wild with him."

"I didn't say Ian specifically. I just said a hot guy or five to have a good time with," Melanie snapped.

Good Lord. Zoe grabbed a pillow and hugged it. "That's not helping."

"You sure you didn't steer her in the famous direction just so you could help your business out, Melanie?" Luke sneered. "I'm sure you wouldn't dream of asking to take exclusive photos of the newlyweds."

"That's out of line." Melanie had never tried to use anyone for anything. Luke was being unreasonable, even more than usual. How he'd ever accomplished having a great bedside manner as an intern was beyond Zoe's comprehension.

"Now, wait a damn minute, Luke," Carter said, jumping to his wife's defense.

"I'm not waiting a damn anything. Prepare yourself when Zoe comes home alone and heartbroken."

Zoe's blood boiled. Just because she did something that they didn't expect or, God forbid, approve first didn't mean she couldn't have her happily ever after. "Way to trust my judgment, Luke."

"Your judgment?" Angry dark eyes met hers through the computer screen. "You assured me the rumors being blogged about you and Romanov were nothing. Just a mutual agreement to be seen together. And now we know you lied your ass off." Luke tossed a scowl at Melanie. "She learn that from you, too?"

"You're really over-reaching, Luke. If you don't stop, I'm going to reach over and beat your ass," Carter growled.

Luke shook his head and held up a hand. "All I'm being is a realist. Something the rest of you should be doing, too."

He marched off screen. Zoe heard a door slam.

Carter cleared his throat. "Our main goal is to make sure that momma does not find out about this until you call her. Now."

"Fine," Zoe said.

She told her siblings good-bye, her stomach sinking with each response. Luke didn't bother coming back inside. She closed her laptop and put her head in her hands. What had she been thinking?

Leah Ambrose was going to have a full blown fit with a capital HISSY. Zoe had taken away another chance at planning the dream wedding Leah never had, and God knew somebody was going to pay.

***

Christian paced the balcony, wishing for a cigarette. The sun beat down on his head and a trickle of sweat made its way down his back, but it wasn't because he was hot.

For once he was nervous, unsure of what to do next. The screen of his phone showed a missed call from his brother. Sebastian never called him. Never texted him. He only spoke to him when necessary.

Maybe he should try to mend thing with his brother. Start things fresh. He pressed call on his phone's screen. They could go slowly so Sebastian would know he was serious. That he was-

"Did you use the remaining brain cell living in that empty head of yours to get the chit to sign a pre-nup?" Vladimir asked.

Just what he needed. Crafty old fool knew he wouldn't answer his call or return it. "Why would I do that?" he purposely slurred the words.

"Are you ever sober, Christian?" Vladimir sounded pissed. Excellent.

"Define 'ever'."

"As in if you ever pull a stunt like this again, I'll cut off your trust fund."

Then Christian would be a multimillionaire instead of a billionaire. Oh, the horrors. "Well, if I were to agree to your demands, then certain avenues would have to be traveled which would lead to a certain destination that would require me, i.e you, to pay out more than just my trust fun. Savvy?"

"I don't find this remotely funny. Why can't you grow the hell up and act like a man?"

"Let me consult my magic eight ball and I'll get back to you." Christian gripped the balcony's railing with one hand, his knuckles whitening.

"Is she pregnant? Is that why you had to marry the woman?"

He had to have sex with the woman first, but decided not to enlighten his father of that little fact. "You do realize this is the twenty-first century? And there are ways to prevent that." Ways that he'd employed every time.

"Answer the question."

"No, but at the rate we're going...." He let his words trial away before he continued, "What shall the brat call you: Vlad? Grandpa? Hey You?"

His father let loose a string of profanities, mostly in Russian, that impressed Christian's jaded ears.

"I didn't realize one could do that with sheep or fish guts." He could hear his father's teeth grind over the phone, the sound making Christian smile.

"Make the little money-grubber sign a damn agreement."

"Her name is Zoe," Christian snarled, all the posturing of the without-a-care-drunk fled.

"I'll have the documents emailed to you in less than two hours. Lucky for you, the State of Nevada considers postnuptial agreements valid." His father ended their call before he could.

God, he hated when the old man got the last word.

He heard a sniff and turned to find Zoe looking at him with tears in her eyes.

"How much did you hear?" he asked, wary of her answer. He didn't want her to think he wasn't serious about her or them.

"Was that your dad?"

"Unfortunately, yes."

To his surprise she wrapped her arms around him.

He kissed the top of her head. "Mad Vlad is what Sebastian and I used to call him behind his back." He heard her laugh, but it sounded hallow. He leaned back to get a good look at her. "Are those happy or sad tears?"

"Both," Zoe replied, not saying anything more. She couldn't tell him that half her family thought she was stupid. That they were disappointed in her for marrying someone like him. It didn't matter that Melanie and Evangeline supported her. Or that Heath said he'd knit Christian a hat to match hers. Her own mother was threatening to disown her, right after she called an emergency prayer circle. There was no way she would hurt her husband's feelings by sharing their opinions of him. He received enough rejection from his own family.

She allowed him to guide her to a nearby chair and pull her into his lap.

"I put Baxter's memory sticks in the safe. You can take them home with you tomorrow," he said, his expression serious.

"Thank you."

They laced their fingers together, his conspicuously missing a ring.

"I have to buy you a wedding band." In her love stupor last night, she'd failed to think of anything beyond 'I'm getting married to my dream lover'. She hadn't meant to get drunk while they were waiting, but she had been so nervous. So sure Ashton Kutcher would show up with a new Punk'd crew to tell her it was all just a joke. The champagne had helped steady her nerves.

"Somehow the thought of making love to a married woman seems very scandalous for me," he teased, making her swat at his arm. He raked a hand through his blonde hair. It gleamed in the setting sun, pale golds, dark ambers and wheat strands. "Actually, it's because it's you and you're my wife." He gave her a side glance. "I think that's how I'll refer to you from now. Wife or Mrs. Romanov."

Her heart sped up, until it was beating against her chest like hummingbird wings. She loved the titles. "While I'll call you Mr. Zoe Ambrose or Zoe Ambrose's husband."

He gave her a bone melting smile. "Ah, yes, I suspect you're more famous than I in literary circles. Tell me, love, will your brainy friends welcome me into their fold? Or will they sip serious drinks, give me serious frowns and try to school me on how movie adaptations are bastardizing novels."

Christian was insanely funny, completely sweet and... entirely unlike his persona. Heck, he was entirely unlike the asshat he'd been at the airport last week. Had it really been only a week? It seemed as if a lifetime had passed, but now everything was in fast forward.

"What has caused that most serious frown?"

"I like you better now," she blurted, inadequately prepared at explaining what she meant. "Now who's seriously frowning? But what I mean is that you are totally a different person than almost a week ago and..."

"You're wondering if it's an act, if you've made the right decision, if you're willing to go against what your family thinks of our rather hasty decision." He gave her a knowing look. "Shall I go on?"

"You're doing a better job at explaining me than I am." The antique diamond ring sparkled and flashed in sun.

"Oh, for the love of God," came Sasha's voice through the open door and then the he graced them with his awesomeness. Or at least that's what he said as he walked out on the balcony. His moss-colored eyes assessed them both, but settled on her. And narrowed.

This couldn't be good.

"You're wearing that to my party?"

His party? She looked down at the ankle length skirt and peasant top she was wearing. It had not been a part of her gift from her aunt. It had been a part of her retail therapy purchase.

"What's the matter with it?"

Sasha grabbed the hem and shook it. Tinkling bells sounded.

"I thought I heard something." Christian's eyes were riveted on the bells, too. "I like it."

"You would." Sasha turned to her. "Do your clothes normally give out your location?"

"Some." More like a lot. But the face Sasha sported made her keep that little tidbit to herself.

"You're in for it now."

Sasha grabbed her hand, pulling her after him.

"Where are we going?" She glanced over her shoulder. Christian trailed behind them.

"Don't change too much, eh? I like her as is." Christian headed to the elevators.

She gaped at him. "You're leaving?"

"I have another meeting with Peak," Christian stopped at the doors, his brows creasing together. "Maybe I should cancel and stay here."

"Don't worry, Laurie. I'll keep Meg as pure as Bella Swan on her wedding night." Sasha guided her to the second master bedroom.

"I cannot believe you just referred to Little Women and Twilight in the same sentence."

"Sacrilege, I know." He stopped suddenly, then stepped to the side, revealing racks of clothes, shoes and displays of jewelry. A man and two women smiled at her.

Wide-eyed, she looked up at him. "Is this for me?"

"So your husband says." Sasha walked around her, his hands behind his back. "I'd say you're a size eight, yes?"

More like a ten, but hey, who was she to argue?

He wrinkled his nose as if smelling something foul. "A shame we can't stretch you out. It's all in the way the dress lays, you know."

"I'm done," she snapped, tired of his insults. No amount of potential fun make-over was worth this humiliation. She walked away, heading for the door. She'd find her own clothes to wear.

"I'm sorry, please come back, Amber...rose" he said, but to her it was as if he had shouted the words.

"What did you call me?" She pivoted to face him.

An angelic smile graced his mouth. "Ambrose-it is your last name. Going for the sports team angle."

Relieved, she walked back to him. "Okay, but you have to be nice or I'll wear something worse than this to your party," she threatened, shaking her skirt. The bells tinkled.

Grimacing, he shook his head. "There can't be anything worse than that."

"Oh, but there is. Imagine tie-dye plaid tangerine and purple with striped leggings and a matching hat," she improvised, trying to think of hideous, even to her, wardrobe combinations. "Birkenstocks and a feathery boa complete said ensemble."

He looked like he was going to be physically ill. "Peace; I cry peace. For the love of God, woman, stop!"

She glanced at Sasha's assistants. They were busy talking amongst themselves, unfazed by Sasha's outburst. Heck, they were probably used to his theatrics.

"It's a good thing you married a man with lots of cash to make you look good."

"I'm not after his money. I have my own. And my own house and car. And things. A yard. Trees." She racked her brain for more of her assets. "Waterfront property."

"And blue birds singing a happy working song as you pick flowers from your carefully tended garden. Yes, dear, I'm well aware of your assets." His eyes traveled down her body. "And how Christian would like to merge his with yours. Why couldn't he have picked someone a little less gauche is beyond me."

She crossed her arms. "Two feather boas in lime green and sparkly eye shadow. And I'll get Brennen to streak my hair with bright yellow dye."

A grin broke out on his face and he laughed. It was warm and completely without artifice. "I like you, Zoe." He turned to the racks of clothing, pulling out dresses and holding them out and up to her.

"Purple looks best on me," she offered.

"I suspect there aren't many colors that don't look good on you." His compliment eased the butterflies multiplying in her stomach.

A hot pink and feathery dress was held out to her, but she shook her head.

"Not enough feathers?" he teased with a crooked smile.

"Too young."

He put it back, then handed her another. "How's this one? Vintage Vivienne Westwood."

She stared at him blankly.

"Go try it on, dear. We can tailor it to fit you."

While she was having her hair and make-up done, Sasha entertained her with stories of growing up with Christian and his brother. "Speak of the devil," he said with a chuckle. "Your husband just texted me. Why don't you pick out a pair of heels while I run a quick errand, yes?"

She toyed with a sparkling necklace while she waited.

Sasha returned with a packet of papers. "This is for you."

Glancing at the first sheet, she almost dropped it after reading the first few lines. "A background check?"

"He said it was only fair."

"That was nice of him," she said, not knowing what else to say.

"He has the same information on you, dear."

Of course Christian would. He was an actor and one of the heirs to an Oil and Mineral Conglomerate worth billions. Both of which would draw the crazies. So why wouldn't he have background checks on everyone? But for him to give her one back...The paper crumpled as she made a fist. "I'll read the rest, after your party."

"Breathe, Zoe." He rested his hands lightly on her shoulders for moment. "The dog days are over for you. No more hiding in corners or behind potted plants unless you take Christian with you. He's also extremely fond of sneaking away at parties, but I think you already know that." He left the room, whistling a tune that got stuck in her head.

Chapter Twenty-One

"Please tell me you've had enough socializing for tonight," Christian murmured in her ear, his hand splayed across her lower back.

He hadn't left her side once. No matter who smiled at him with a come-hither look, he'd ignored them all and focused his charm on her. Exclusively.

Heat seeped through her. "Ready when you are."

"Give me a minute to speak with Sasha, then we'll go." Christian visibly tensed. "Who the hell invited her?"

The crowd parted, and a woman emerged from the depths.

"Jaylen probably invited herself," Zoe muttered.

Jaylen Stone, a gorgeous blonde, was a former lover of Christian and held the distinction of dating him for almost two years. Rumors had flown, fast and furious, that the two were headed down the aisle. When Jaylen had moved in with Christian, Zoe had immersed herself in her house and career. Ignoring everything, but renovating and writing.

Jaylen greeted them with a cool smile. "How absolutely charming you two are. And don't you look pretty, Zoe. The years have definitely agreed with you. You must be... what-the big three-five?"

Even as Christian swiveled his head back and forth between the two, Zoe kept her composure and refused to take the bait.

"Thank you, Jaylen. You look nice tonight."

Jaylen's icy grey eyes narrowed. "Still working on getting rid of the accent I see."

"You two know each other?" he asked.

"We were acquaintances while she lived in California. You know how Martha loves for all of us to be one big happy family. And now you really are. Well done, Zoe. I didn't think you had it in you." Jaylen touched Zoe's arm, making her skin crawl.

"You used to live in L.A.?" He scraped a hand through his hair as she nodded. Apparently, he hadn't gotten to that part of her background check. "With whom?"

Jaylen let out a throaty laugh. "This is too rich. Can't you see the family resemblance? The fine print of Martha Alfred's contracts is getting more ridiculous by the year."

He pierced her with a sharp gaze. Zoe placed a hand on his arm, muscles tightening beneath her palm. "I meant to tell you."

"Before you ran back home I never got the chance to ask how it felt to not be woman enough to keep him," Jaylen said, making the guests closest to them shuffle closer.

Zoe stared at the woman, tongue frozen. Jaylen had been her confidant while living in Los Angeles. She'd also been the ultimate frenemy, but Zoe hadn't known it at the time. In fact she'd poured her heart out to Jaylen about Christian.

"Either leave willingly or I'll have security escort you out," Christian said in a deceptively soft voice, sending shivers down Zoe's spine. She hoped to God he never spoke to her in that tone.

Jaylen smirked. The woman would have been even more beautiful if her soul wasn't so disgusting. "So good to see you, Zoe. Christian, don't be a stranger." She glided away.

You tell me how it feels! Of course she'd think of the right thing to say now that Jaylen was gone.

"We need to talk." He pulled her into an empty workout room, flipping on the lights. "Is what Jaylen said true?"

"Martha Alfred is my mother's sister."

"Martha's your aunt?" His jaw worked. "Zoe Martha Ambrose, makes sense now."

"Guess you didn't get that far in your Welcome to Zoe's World packet."

He didn't look remotely amused by her attempt at humor. "Did she put you up to this?"

"Being seen with you or this?" She held up her left hand, wiggling her fingers.

"Either."

What did he have to be so mad about? "Just to be seen with you at dinner and that's it. Didn't you ask me to hang out with you because I wasn't your usual type?" she reminded him. "And I didn't set up an elaborate marriage proposal in the middle of the strip either."

"You have me there," Christian admitted. He'd chased her all over Vegas, time and time again. "I don't want to hurt your feelings, but I have to know where and when we met for the first time."

"The first time I met you was on New Year's Eve. Right before you really made it big with the Austen remake. We kissed at midnight."

Over four years ago. Four months after moving to LA. Closing his eyes, he tried to bring back the memory of that night. Unfortunately, all he could remember was blur of colors and bodies writhing against one another. He didn't remember a damn thing about kissing her.

Shame filling him, he said, "I'm sorry." Flimsy but it was all he had at the moment. However, from here on out, he would make it up to her.

"Me, too. I shouldn't have let my pride get in the way of honesty and-"

"Stop beating yourself up over a kiss. The past is the past." He grabbed her hand, kissing the rings he'd given her. "Everything has worked out as it should have." He would have been no good for Zoe at that point in his life.

"You think so?"

Wrapping her in his arms, he nuzzled the top of her head. "Yes."

She remained silent and he continued to hug her, thinking she needed time to collect herself or her thoughts.

"Was that your one time being naughty bit? Kissed me when you had a boyfriend, did you?"

"No, I got caught up in everything." Her words were muffled by his chest. "I was trying to find a place to hide when you grabbed me again."

He tilted her face up and smiled down at her. "We all do stupid things. Daring things. In your case scandalous things like marry a man with a scandalous reputation."

She looked at him with exasperation clearly written on her face. "Formerly scandalous, remember?"

He bent low to nibble on the curve of her ear. "I'm still scandalous, but only with you." He ran his hands along the curves outlined by her dress. His entire body ached for his wife, but he could be patient. "Let's join the party, shall we, before I kick everyone out."

They re-entered the room and Christian surveyed it. The party goers looked firmly entrenched as they drank and mingled.

To hell with waiting.

He craned his head around until he found the man he was looking for and nodded, then swept Zoe up in his arms and headed toward their bedroom. She snuggled against him, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"Thought you were going to strum a sweet tune, mate?" Sasha called out.

Christian shut the door in his face, then locked it.

"You were going to play guitar?" she asked.

"I'll play whatever you'd like. Tomorrow." He dropped her in the middle of the bed. "Either you take off your clothes while I get rid of mine, or I'm going to rip your dress to shreds."

Chapter Twenty-Two

A marriage underpinned by lies. That's what she had with Christian.

But he'd said the past was the past, she reminded herself. He'd also said she'd never put him in one of her books. If only he knew the truth, if only she could stop being a coward and tell him. Waiting for the perfect moment would never happen. There was no such thing as the perfect moment to reveal a lover's betrayal.

Sitting up, she rubbed the heel of her hand over her heart. "There's something else I need to tell you."

He placed his knee on the bed and caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. "Can it wait?"

She gazed at his body, shirt undone and unbuttoned pants hanging low on his hips. Her fantasy come to life. The fantasy of many women who only wanted to be real with one. "No." Her voice cracked over the word.

"We did more than kiss?" Despite his question, he sounded less than shocked. Maybe he'd suspected or assumed they'd done more than kiss all along. After all, what woman held a grudge over a kiss?

Nodding, she made herself look at his face. At the tenderness and desire that made him more handsome than ever. She was such a fraud. "A lot more."

He pushed the material of her dress up her legs, exposing the tops of her black stockings. His eyes grew dark. "Were you wearing something like this?" He bent, dropping a kiss on one bare thigh then the other.

"Yes."

Small puffs of hot air scorched her skin. "At the risk of sounding like a complete arse, I think you should let me make love to you like I did that-"

"Night," she supplied. One lie uncovered, only one more to go.

Sitting up, he placed his in his lap. "I don't know how else to make it up to you, beyond apologizing and there aren't enough apologies in the universe to fix it. Allow me to do this, give me this night."

"Words are overrated." Giving him a shy smile, she held out her hand. "Give me a man of action." Tonight could be his and in the morning, she would be a woman of words and actions. Whatever the consequences, she would bear them, because it would be no less than she deserved.

He pulled them to a standing position, then unzipped the side of her dress. It slithered down her body and to the floor, leaving her wearing nothing spiked heels and stockings with a garter belt. She shivered but not from the cold.

Gazing at her in obvious male appreciation, he said, "No damn wonder I had to have you." He shrugged out of his shirt, his hands going to his pants, pushing them down.

"Wait." His gaze flew to hers, hands stilling. She flushed. "You kept those on and I should have on my dress, too."

"Don't care. It stays on the floor." Moving closer, he caught her face between his hands and kissed her. "I assume we didn't have a bed."

"We had a wall." Nipping at his lip, she smoothed her hands up his chest. "And you said f**k, not make love."

Groaning, he dusted his thumb over her mouth. "I'm ashamed and turned on at the same time." She trailed her hands down his chest, smiling as he gasped and sucked in his stomach at her touch. "Don't be in such a hurry, love."

"Want to know what we did first?" She licked his collarbone, then bit him there. He grunted. She'd take that as a yes. "You put your mouth on me."

He moved to kiss her. "Lower." Grinning, he headed for her br**sts. "Lower."

With that same grin on his face, he fell to his knees and parted her. "This low enough?" Without waiting for an answer, he began to lick and kiss her there, savoring her like he had the chocolate covered fruits. So choreographed in his movements that she didn't know whether to be insanely jealous or ecstatic.

The ache between her thighs intensified with each pass of his tongue, her hips moving with him. Her fingers tangled in his hair, pressing him deeper. "Oh God," she moaned. Her legs trembled, knees threatening to disappear even as her body tightened in on itself, until every nerve seemed to be concentrated in one place.

A finger eased inside of her, then two as he began to pump in and out. Suddenly, he stood and grabbed her waist with his free hand, pulling her to him. Her br**sts rubbed against his chest.

"Taste how sweet you are."

The moment his lips touched hers, she lost control. She went wild, biting and sucking his tongue deep inside her mouth while his fingers continued their tender assault. So close...so close. Her heart pounded, blood rushing and breaths coming so quick and fast that she became dizzy.

"Christian," she breathed, wanting more. Needing more. She needed him inside of her.

His hand slid down her waist, under her thigh and wrapped her stocking-clad leg around his hip. He leaned her against the nearest wall. "Can't wait." His fingers left her, foil ripped and then he pushed himself inside her, stretching her to the point of pain and she loved it.

His arm shot out, banging against the wall. "So tight...so wet."

"Give me more." She tilted her hips, grabbing the material of his pants. "Deeper."

"I can't, not like this." He hooked her other leg over his arm and thrust hard. She gasped, closing her eyes. "Look at me." Her eyes flew open at his command. "I won't forget this."

Muscles bunched and flexed beneath her hands as he moved within her, as he rocked inside of her and touched a place so sensitive that she cried out.

He did it again. This time she screamed his name, her orgasm so long and hard that she saw supernovas. His head fell to her neck, his hips pumping relentlessly against her until he thrust deeper than ever and held himself there.

They stayed joined like that for what seemed like hours, when in reality it wasn't long at all. She flinched as he pulled out of her.

"Zoe," he whispered against her skin, letting her legs slowly down. "Forgive me."

Unable to hold back the tears, she could only nod.

"Thank you." He scooped her up in his arm and carried her to the shower.

***

Christian looked around the room, searching for something that could delay his trip. But all he found was his wife, wrapped in an oversized robe and watching him with her pretty eyes.

The things he had done to her last night...Hell, the things she'd allowed him to do. He couldn't get the image of his head of her wearing nothing but a skirt with bells on the hem as she danced for him. Or her bare br**sts bouncing as he thrust inside of her, teasing her with shallow movements, until she hooked her legs over his arms and tilted her hips.

He'd never forget lying in bed with her afterwards, stroking her back as she snuggled against him. Peace. He was finally at peace.

He smiled, taking in her long dark hair and full lips. Her cheeks were flushed and she looked well-loved. By him. He held his hand out, leading her to the balcony when she took it. "My plane is ready whenever you are. Harlan, the pilot, is excellent."

A smile wobbled on her lips. "Can he fly me to you?"

He captured her in a hug, bending his head and rubbing the top of hers with his chin. The honeysuckle scent of her silky hair teased him, threatening to bring back the memories of another woman and another goodbye. But it hadn't been the morning after and it hadn't been nearly as painful, even when she hadn't shown up the next day. Hell, it didn't touch this.

Taking a deep breath, he confessed his soul to her. "I promise to be the man I should be, the man I'm meant to be and the man you deserve."

"I don't know that one."

"No movie line. It's me; it's you. You are my muse, my inspiration, my reason for everything," Christian revealed between kisses. "And I'm completely in love with you."

Her mouth had fallen open slightly when he leaned back to gage her response. He kissed the tip of her nose and smiled down at her. "Well, say something. I know this seems rather sudden, but it feels right."

And as if coming from a great distance he heard her say, "After we had a one night stand and you broke your promise to me, I put you in my book-as the villain, Dimitri."

Chapter Twenty-Three

"You must be joking." Christian hadn't expected her to say words back, but this was the last thing he'd ever expected to come out of her mouth.

"No," she whispered, anguish in her eyes. "I'm serious."

The deep seated insecurity he'd always been able to keep buried clawed to the surface like a vampire escaping its human grave. "I see." But he didn't. He couldn't comprehend what she'd said, much less what she had done. He had to get out of here, away from her.

Pushing away from her, he strode to the door. Every step serving to remind him of what he was to her. The bloody villain of her novels. No wonder she wanted him to play Dimitri in the movie. Martha said Zoe had requested him. How ironic to play a character reviled by many and created by the woman he'd fallen deeply in love with.

"Why are you walking away from me?" Zoe asked, her feet smacking against the tile. "Please, Christian, let me explain."

"Explain what? You've said enough. Hell, you're probably still writing about me, and my time here. Who the hell knows what kind of inspiration you've found." He stopped, turning quickly and narrowly avoided colliding with her. He clenched his hands into fists. "You are, aren't you?"

She nodded slowly. "You can read it if you want."

"I don't want to read it," he shouted. "I want you to stop writing."

"Okay."

"You're willing to give up something you obviously love for me?"

"You didn't ask me that."

"Fine. If you give up your writing, I'll forgive you." He clenched his teeth. "It's only fair for you to be a woman of action."

The look on her face confirmed his fears: he wasn't worth it.

He rolled his shoulders and tilted his head from side to side, pain coating his insides. "Forget I asked. Look, I've a plane to catch, a documentary to film about a war torn country and a tremendous amount of friends to reacquaint myself with."

"And after, you'll come home to me?"

"To you, the woman who's been exacting her revenge for years, without my consent or knowledge."

"I'm sorry." She placed her hand on his arm, but he shook it off. "I was hurt and angry and-and it just happened. No one knows but me."

He threw his hands in the air. "How do I know that's not a lie?"

Her cheeks flushed and her eyes shifted away. "My family figured it out, too, but not until after we got married."

"Fantastic. How long do you think it will take the press to figure it out-another week?"

"I can't believe you're being like this. I forgave you."

"Not without making me pay for years first." It dawned on him in that moment that he was the man she'd told him about. He had hated that man, had wanted to hunt him down and slowly cut his testicles from his body. The man he'd offered to hold down so she could stab him through his heart. Funny how she carved up his heart without a single weapon.

"I didn't expect you to remember me." Her gaze skittered away. "The night we slept together, I looked different."

"Different how?"

She tugged on a thick lock of hair. "This was red and I wore brown contacts." His world closed in on him as she continued, "We both had on masks and I told you my name was-"

"Amber," he finished for her. Holy mother of God, she was the woman he'd dreamed about, obsessed over and had waited on for hours to show up the next day.

Her jaw dropped, eyes round as she met his gaze. "You remember me?"

Instead of admitting the obvious, he looked down his nose at her. "I haven't shagged that many redheads, so the lot of you tend not to blend like the rest."

"At least tell me why you didn't keep your promise."

He had kept his promise to her. He'd waited and waited, until the waiters pitied him and Jaylen had saved him from embarrassment.

"Please."

She sounded so distraught, so sincere in her pain that he wanted to tell her the truth of that day. But he didn't trust her or himself. "Because I'm Ian Romanov and that's what I do. Deal with it."

"Why are being so cruel?" She dropped her head into her hands, her words muffled by them. "I thought you'd changed. You said you loved me."

He lifted her chin. Her pretty eyes were filled with unshed tears and her mouth trembled. The sight tore at his heart and he leaned in, his lips brushing hers. He wanted to comfort her. God, he was so screwed up in the head when it came to Zoe...Amber. Whatever the hell she called herself.

Her mouth opened under his, and he took full advantage, deepening the kiss and slipping a hand inside her robe. He fitted it under her bare thigh, lifting it up and around his hip. Her fingertips clutched at his shoulders.

"I love you, Christian," she murmured against his lips. "Please, let's try to work this out."

Jesus, she was good. A damned good liar. "You'd let me take you to bed right now, wouldn't you?" Her head shook from side to side, but he pulled her closer, letting her feel how hard she'd made him with one kiss. "Tell me the truth, Zoe. I deserve it."

"Yes."

A victorious smile covered his face as he released her and stepped back. "Sorry, I'd rather not have a repeat of last night. In fact I'd rather forget it happened at all." She flinched as if he had struck her. "However, you have my eternal gratefulness for the brilliant PR move. Me, married to a nobody like you. Only in Vegas." God, he could be a cruel bastard. Something to thank his father for, no doubt.

"You're exactly the way I've written you: a womanizing ass**le who cares about no one but himself." Color returned to her cheeks, her eyes flashing. "It isn't a big stretch of the imagination to figure out why the only time you've been recognized for your acting is when you're playing yourself." She would bring up the one and only time he'd won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor-playing the role of psychopath.

He turned on his heel, bumping into Sasha on the way out.

"I wished to God I stabbed you in your heart, Ian Romanov-if you actually had one!"

The door slammed behind him.

He spun around, grabbing the doorknob. "I don't have one?" He tried turning it, but it wouldn't give. She'd locked it against him. Pounding on the door, he said, "Unlock the door."

Sasha grabbed his arm, pulling him away. You'll do something that even the Romanov name won't be able to get you out of. More importantly, it would be something you'd live to regret."

Christian shook away the rage. This wasn't him. He'd never hurt a woman in his life and he had no intention of hurting Zoe. At least not physically. He was wounded. Defeated.

"I'm leaving," he said, jerking away and grabbing his retro aviators on the way out. He stopped and leveled Sasha with a look. "Get my rings back."

Instead of a snarky comment or even a glib reply, Sasha looked uneasy. "Why don't you take some time to cool down?"

The bedroom door opened.

His wife marched right up to him, her head held high. "Hold out your hand."

He refused, crossing his arms over his chest.

A hardness he'd never seen covered her face. She deposited the rings in the cradle his arms made. "I don't want you accusing me of stealing your things." Turning to Sasha, she said, "You're my witness."

"I'll email you the annulment papers," Christian said stiffly.

"Good."

She spun on her heel, smacking into the table in front of her. Pausing to rub her hip, her profile revealed her wince of pain. However, she didn't say a word while hobbling away.

He clenched his teeth together, afraid he'd call out to her. It wouldn't be the first time she walked out of his life.

But for damn sure it would be the last.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Tears ran down Zoe's face as her mother drove her home. She thought she would have been all dried out by now. Then again, Leah Ambrose had been known to make grown men cry.

"I wasn't trying to hurt your feelings, but no man is worth messing make up-except your daddy. Well, if you had any on. How many times have I told you to always put your face on before you go out?" her mother said, glancing at her.

"A million," Zoe sniffed, wiping at her nose with the lace handkerchief her mother had given her. Leah had handed it to her as soon as Zoe had gotten in the car. She didn't know if her mother was being spiteful or insightful. Most likely a combination of the two.

"No need to be sassy. I didn't run off and marry the first fool to have me."

"I didn't run anywhere. I was on a business trip." Zoe clenched her teeth.

"Martha had getting married in a heathen ceremony by an Elvis impersonator on your itinerary?"

"Elvis was not the preacher," Zoe reminded her, but it was futile.

Leah waved a manicured hand in the air. "Sugar, I don't care if Rick Warren married you in Sin City. It was tacky and extremely rude of you."

Zoe scrunched her nose. "You thought getting married to Gabriel at the Aviation Club was high society?"

"Harrison Collins and Noah Sawyer belong to that club."

As if a bank president and a developer as members made that place so much better. "It's for remote controlled airplanes, momma."

"I know you're not getting above your raisin'," Leah said, her mouth flattening. She pulled the car into her gravel driveway and stopped.

Zoe lifted her chin and looked her in the eye, trying to remember that her mother really did love her. "Thank you for the ride."

"You're welcome." Her mother opened the door. "I'll help you with your luggage."

"It's not that much," Zoe began, but Leah had already made her way to the trunk. Resigned to the fact that her mother wasn't done with her, she got out of the car and headed to the house.

Leah followed her inside, tsking at the sight of Zoe's mismatched furniture and piles of everything strewn throughout. "You really need to straighten up this house. A clean home and a full belly is the way to a man's heart, you know." She set two of the suitcases by the door and placed Zoe's carry-on on the overstuffed chair by the fireplace.

So is screwing him every day, Melanie whispered in her mind. A cross between a sob and a giggle escaped her mouth.

Kitten heels clicked across wide pine floors as her mother walked around. She ran a finger across the table and frowned.

"Will you stop?"

Her mother's head snapped up, dark blue eyes narrowing. "That man teach you to talk to your mother like that? What kind of family does he comes from?"

"How should I know? I've never met them." Yeah, that was helping. Zoe steeled herself for more of her mother's diatribe.

"Zoe Martha Ambrose, that man has no morals, a bad reputation and couldn't see fit to come home with you. He's off gallivanting around and has been photographed with another woman while you've been hiding out in Palm Island for the past three weeks."

"I was writing." And going through pints of chocolate ice cream while watching Christian's movies on the iPad he'd given her. Weeping while slingshotting birds at pigs. Later, after seeing pictures of her husband dancing with a woman named after a fruit, she'd chunked the damn thing into the ocean.

Of course she'd gotten it back out. No need to kill sea life just because the entire world she'd built for herself had been blown apart, rearranged to have Christian at the center before being sucked into a black hole.

"You should be signing your name on the dotted line and be done with that man."

Her mother's disappointment was more than she could take at the moment. She had no desire for a lecture. No desire for the I-told-you-so speech. Her breaking point had past. "I don't want to talk about this anymore. I loved him, but I lied to him and now he-he..."

Leah crossed the room, enveloping her in a hug that lasted for hours. When the tears finally stopped, her mother brushed back her hair and gave her a sympathetic smile. "You want me to spend the night?"

"And make me some hot chocolate?" Zoe asked with a sniff. She stepped back and smoothed her shirt down over her hips.

"Whatever you need," Leah said, moving to the door.

Zoe frowned. "Where are you going?"

Her mother turned to face her, eyes soft in the fading light. "To get my overnight bag from the car." She waved her hand in the air. "You know what they say."

"Be prepared?"

"No matter how old you get or the mistakes you make, you'll always be my baby." Leah shut the door behind her.

A ribbon of warmth wound its way inside of Zoe, thawing some of the ice in her heart and soul. She sank to the couch, pulled her knees up to her chest and waited.

***

"It really is for the best, son," Vladimir's pale eyes met Christian's. His father was impeccably dressed in a navy suit, every inch the coldblooded mogul as he sat behind his desk.

"When did you ever care what was best for me?" Christian gripped the bottle of Russian Standard. He never knew when he would need another shot. The chair creaked as he flopped down in it.

His father's expression sharpened. "If you had studied business instead of theater, we wouldn't be in this mess." Vladimir pounded a large fist on the top of the desk.

"But where's the fun in that?" Christian asked, knowing full well his father viewed him as an embarrassment. And a soon to be major drain on the family finances if he didn't get Zoe to sign the post nuptial agreement. Then the bloody annulment papers.

He'd be free to go back to his old life. Brilliant.

"No woman's worth the fun you have in mind," his brother, Sebastian, said from behind him.

Christian didn't bother to turn around. He knew Sebastian would end up at the desk beside their father. When his prediction came true, Christian let his contempt be known. "While no woman thinks your fun is worth anything."

Of course their father smiled at Sebastian. And of course as soon as Vladimir looked back at Christian his smile turned into a sneer. "For the love of God, Christian, quit pouting and sober the hell up."

"Really, Father, why do you waste so much time lecturing the blissfully and knowingly ignorant?" Sebastian murmured.

"Your fraternal affection is heartwarming," Christian said, then raised the bottle to his lips for another drink.

"While your familial sense of duty is deplorable." Sebastian's eyes, mirror images of Christian's held no warmth, no humor. Not even a spark of life seemed to exist there.

Vladimir held up his hands. "I don't have time for this. Deal with it... him, Sebastian." With those caring words, their father walked out and the two brothers were alone.

Christian took another pull of the bottle and wished for a cigarette.

"Plan on drinking yourself to an early grave?" Sebastian sounded as if he could have been talking to anyone. "It would make the divvying out of our inheritance come this August much, much simpler."

"Go bugger yourself."Christian hurled the bottle at him, narrowly missing his brother's shoulder. The bottle smashed into the wall of bookcases, most likely ruining some of his father's prized books. Excellent.

Sebastian didn't move, merely stared at him with icy contempt. He sat on the edge of the desk. "Why are you here, Christian?"

Christian stood, throwing his arms wide and spun around. "I come at our father's bidding. Same as you."

"Yes, but I offer him economic value while you drain our resources."

"At least I'm living my life. On my terms."

Sebastian had the nerve to laugh at him. Him. "How's that working out for you?" Without waiting for answer, he continued, "You found the woman of your dreams-twice. Married her, then sent her packing so you could play in Burma. When that wasn't enough, you decided to start sleeping with Peaches and become a drunk-again." Sebastian clapped. "Well, done. Bloody brilliant."

Christian strode to the desk, knuckling the top and leaning in. "For the last time, you know her name is Kate, and we've never slept together. And I wasn't playing in Burma. I was helping a man document the horrors going on in that country. The struggle for power, for people getting hurt when they happened to be in the right place at the wrong time." He purposefully ignored the stab about Zoe. He couldn't think of her. It hurt more than anything he'd ever felt before. She'd lied to him, betrayed him and laughed at him while writing. He was the model for her villain. No, not model. He was the villain.

Instead he gave a cocky smile and added, "But I am drunk and I plan to stay this way for as long as possible."

"You're a spoiled little boy who didn't get his way," Sebastian mocked.

Christian shoved his brother, knocking him off the desk. "You're an arse."

"I hate to see you've proven our father right." Sebastian smoothed his hair and righted his tie.

Okay, he'd bite. "What, that I'm a drunken, no good son of a bitch who will never amount to anything? Didn't think you disapproved of his opinion. Hell, didn't know you were allowed to have an original thought."

Sebastian pulled out his phone, thumbs moving over the keyboard. "I thought you knew what you wanted and didn't give a damn about everyone else's opinion. I thought you were better than what you've become."

"Too little, too late." Christian headed for the door. "I'll be at Sasha's if Vladimir needs to summon me."

"You think Sasha's on your side?"

Christian threw the door open. "He's more of a brother than you'll ever be."

"He's the one who sent your agent the pictures. And that's not all," Sebastian called out.

Christian froze. "Do tell."

Chapter Twenty-Five

Christian had never been one for praying, and he wasn't too sure that if he started now God would actually listen. He did it anyway, crossing himself and murmuring the familiar words even as he hoped his brother had been wrong. Then again, if his brother was right, that meant Zoe hadn't been lying to him.

His heart thumped against his chest.

After punching in the code, Christian let himself in the front door. The three story townhouse was silent, but he knew Sasha was home-Sebastian had said as much. The stairs barely made a noise as he jogged up them to the master suite.

"Wake up," he growled, striding into Sasha's bedroom.

Sasha stirred and mumbled something in his sleep.

"I said, wake up." Christian moved to the bed. He ripped away the sheets, grabbed a glass of water left on the nightstand and poured onto his cousin's head.

"Holy hell!" Sasha bolted up in bed. Water plastered his hair to his head and dripped off his nose. "Are you trying to drown me?"

"I'm here for answers about the crimes you've committed against me."

"Guilty without a trial-thought you'd embraced American ideals." Sasha rose and crossed the room, disappearing into the bathroom. His infuriatingly calm manner did nothing for Christian's blood pressure.

"Well?" Christian asked when Sasha reappeared.

Sasha ran a hand through his hair, making it stand up in some places. "I was bored."

"Bored?"Christian fought the urge to punch his cousin in the face a couple hundred times. "I don't believe you."

Sasha shrugged.

Christian sat in one of the chairs that flanked the fireplace. "I'm not leaving until you give me the truth." Childish, yes, but he was at a loss at what to do next. He needed answers. Answers that only Sasha could give.

Sasha sat in the opposite chair, stretching out his legs.

Around the room dust motes floated in the air. The room was strangely lacking personalization. Sure it was fit for a bloke like his cousin, with an oversized bed covered in designer sheets while priceless art hung on the walls. However, there was nothing of the man who lived here.

Come to think of it, it was the first time Christian had been in Sasha's house. For as close as they were, he and Sasha hadn't really spent any time together in the past few years. Not like mates should. His cousin usually showed up when he needed him, or to direct Christian to the next party.

"You and your bloody first world problems," Sasha said, breaking the silence.

"My bloody what?" Raising his brows, Christian sliced his gaze to Sasha. There was a bruise the size of a man's fist on Sasha's chest, just above his right nipple ring. "Row?"

Sasha glanced down, then back up. There was a hardness in his green eyes. A hardness Christian had only seen once before, at Sasha's father's funeral. "Doesn't concern you."

"It does and had you called me, I'd have been there and had your back," Christian reminded him. Although he wanted answers about Sasha's meddling, he wanted to know what had gone wrong with his relationship with his cousin. Couldn't there be one person in this world that he could trust not to lie to him?

Sasha laughed, but it was brittle. "My back? Might want to re-think that."

Christian started to defend himself, to point out a time where he'd done exactly that, but his memories were empty. "Why'd you do it, and none of that bored bullshit excuse."

"Let's just say it was in my best interest." Sasha stood. "That enough of an excuse?"

"Will it be in your best interest to do it again?" Christian asked, his hands clenching into fists.

"It's not up to me." Sasha's face was weary. Lines bracketed his mouth. He was without his usual wit. "Go home, Christian."

"I don't have one." Verbalizing that truth was a punch in the gut. And what hurt worse was the knowledge that with Zoe he would have had one. Would have had anything and everything he'd ever wanted with her. But his damned pride, ego, whatever he wanted to call it made him throw it all away.

"Join the club," Sasha said. "However, as president, I won't approve your membership. We've standards to uphold."

Christian shot him a wry smile. "Shouldn't I be pissed at you?"

"Be whatever you want, mate. Not all of us have that luxury." When had Sasha become so cryptic? "But I'd recommend sorting things out with your wife first."

Like that would be easy.

Christian had always thought people who broke up over The Big Misunderstanding in movies were ridiculous. Something the screenwriter liked to add for dramatic effect to draw things out. But now he knew exactly why it happened, for him anyway. He'd refused to listen to Zoe's explanation, refused to be swayed by the deep hurt in her eyes.

It didn't matter what Sasha's role was in all this. Christian knew his father was the puppeteer pulling all the strings. But he had to know the truth. "At least tell me what happened that day."

Sasha moved to the fireplace. "Long or short version."

"What do you think?"

Sasha turned away, facing the mantle. "I had her calls and texts blocked, paid off her hair dresser to take an extraordinarily long amount of time dying her hair back, and encouraged Jaylen to show up when Miss Persistent headed to the restaurant an hour and half late."

Dread rose inside of him. "She was telling the truth."

"Spoke to you, too."

Memories of that day rushed over him, like the tide. The shy fan who'd come up to his table-just as Jaylen kissed his cheek. He'd offered to sign something for her.

I don't want anything from you, he remembered her saying. Then the little brunette had practically run out of the diner, smacking into a few chairs along the way.

"Oh dear God." Running a hand over his face, he let out a groan. "I've royally f**ked things up."

Sasha turned to face him, raising his brows. "Who told you the club's motto? Now I've no choice but to approve your membership lest you blab our secrets."

Despite his anger, his shame and frustration, Christian managed to laugh. He stood, clapping a hand on Sasha's shoulder. "I'm off to Holland Springs. Care to come with me?"

The smile that had begun to form on Sasha's face evaporated. "I've other obligations."

"Going to see Phoebe?" Christian asked as he moved to the door.

"If I'm allowed," came his cousin answer. Christian's father controlled every part of Phoebe's medical care as well as Sasha's inheritance.

Damn Vladimir Romanov to hell. Christian paused in the doorway. "Is there any way I can help?"

"Help me get ready for tonight?" Sasha shook his head, waving him away. "You can barely dress yourself."

How had he missed this act that Sasha put on? "That's not what I meant."

"It's the way it has to be," Sasha said quietly, then moved to the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Zoe opened her front door, startled but not surprised to see the man standing on the other side. "What are you doing here?"

She tried to be brave, tried not to cry when she saw his familiar face, but his eyes held so much compassion that she broke down when he gave her a single sunflower.

"Pretty flower for a pretty lady," Gabriel said, his arms strong as they held her. Solid. Real and comfortable.

"Thanks for the flower." Her words were muffled by his collared shirt. She pulled away, guilt filling her soul. What was she doing hugging him? Gabriel of all people? Even if he was her ex, she was still married. Yeah and the annulment document was still sitting in her in-box, waiting for her electronic signature. "Is there something you need?"

He smiled, eyes crinkling and dimple showing in his left cheek. A smile that was genuine and the same for everyone. "I've come to check on you. See if there was anything you needed."

She stepped to the side and gestured for him to come in. After placing the sunflower in a vase, she joined Gabriel on the couch.

For long minutes, he stared off into space, seemingly preoccupied. Actually he acted as if he'd rather be any place but with her. Which was fine, but strange.

"I want to take you out Friday night. Down to Blue Moon and then Poor Boys to hear your sister sing with her band." His gaze stayed on the picture above her fireplace while his voice confirmed her early suspicions.

"I'm married." She flashed her hand at him, blushing when she realized nothing was there.

"As friends, Zoe. Nothing more." His indigo eyes gazed at her, in their depths so much pain that she covered her mouth in shock. "For old time's sake."

"Are you okay?" She lay the hand that had covered her mouth on his arm.

"Fine." He grabbed one her pillows, flipping it around in his hands. "Just thought you might need someone to talk to or a shoulder to lean on."

His shirt was damp from where she'd done just that. "Guess I did."

Things had always been easy between her and Gabriel. They'd always been more like friends than lovers. More like brother and sister than an engaged couple. While she knew he had his own beliefs about sex and marriage, he was still a man with a man's needs and wants. Needs and wants that he'd never pressed on her.

If she didn't know how much of a stand-up kind of guy he was, she would have suspected he'd been cheating on her. But that wasn't his style. He was too honest.

Azalea Holland had been the one to insist they belonged together. On paper they were perfect, but in real life...boring and there had been times when Gabriel had been downright mean and impatient with her. Totally out of character for him. Like now.

"Did one of my brothers put you up to this?"

He sighed and leaned back on her sofa. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I agreed to ask you out as a favor to someone."

"Luke?"

"Yeah."

She should have known.

"I'm sorry, Zoe," he said, placing the pillow between them. "I'm sorry for the way I treated you when we were dating."

He sounded so sincere that she moved her hand down to his, gripping it. "I know. You said that in the letter you wrote me. You're a good man."

His shoulder sagged, then he placed his hand over hers. "I need some advice. "

Scooting to the edge of her cushion, she said, "I'm all-"

"Get your bloody hands off my wife."

Chapter Twenty- Seven

Zoe fell off the couch, pain exploding in each kneecap as the hardwoods gave them a high five. "Ow!"

Christian rushed over before Gabriel could help her, lifting her by the elbows and making her body hum in approval.

Stupid body.

She shouldn't be excited to see him. She should only be mad and hurt. And suspicious. There hadn't been anything in the news or on the Internet about the pictures. Yet. Not that she cared.

"Get your bloody hands off of me," she snapped, but Christian didn't let go until she was firmly on her feet.

"Shall I get some ice for your knees?"

"Why are you here?"

"I'm done with my documentary, wife." Christian stroked the side of her cheek, his touch soft and gentle. It made her knees weak. It made her wish for a knife. "Now I'm home to stay."

Once she would have loved to hear those exact words, but now she wondered if he had more horrible publicity to get rid of, or those stupid pictures had finally gone viral.

"I'm not your wife." She scowled at him, then remembered Gabriel sat on the couch. "And you're interrupting my date."

Instead of pissing him off or making him leave, Christian extended his hand to Gabriel. His hand. "I've heard good things about you."

"Nice to meet you, Romanov," Gabriel stood, then shook Christian's hand. "I better be going."

She did not want to be alone with Christian. "I thought you needed my-"

"Let's have a beer." Her husband, yeah she could refer to him in her head like that, ambled over to the kitchen like he owned the place.

"Seriously, Zoe, I think it's best if I leave," Gabriel said quietly.

"Here we are," Christian handed Gabriel a beer and Zoe a glass of juice. "Your toast will be just a minute, love."

"Quit trying to remind me of Vegas," she snapped.

Christian smiled, then sat in the chair closest to the fireplace. She and Gabriel copied him by resuming their former seats on the sofa.

"This was your Grandmother Waverly's house, right?" Christian asked, surprising her with his knowledge. Just how much did Sasha find out about her? And more importantly why had Christian continued to read it?

He searched the open floor plan of her house, and much to her dismay she found herself wanting Christian to like it. To love it and want to stay with her. She mentally shook herself. He didn't want to be here and she sure as heck didn't want him either.

"I started renovating it about three years ago, but I'm not quite finished," she said, plucking at a quilt throw, then smoothed her skirt down. Bells at the hem jingled.

She took a large gulp of her juice.

"I like your skirt, love. Puts me in the mind of dancing girls and sultans," Christian said, his gaze caressing her face.

She spit out her drink.

"Hey!" Gabriel shot to his feet, brushing at the liquid with his hands.

Clenching her jaw, she wiped her mouth. Christian would bring up her wearing nothing but that stupid skirt for him while doing her best impersonation of a belly dancer.

Orange juice dripped off of Gabriel and onto the floor. "Can someone get me a towel so I don't make your floor sticky?"

She marched to the kitchen to grab a towel, leaving her half-empty glass on the counter.

"Was that a movie you starred in?" Gabriel asked as she handed him the towel.

"There were cameras involved, but it will never be seen by the public." Christian winked at her, his smile wicked and making her mouth drop open in shock. He'd recorded them? Ringing her husband's neck would be too good for him. He should be made to star in a reality television show instead.

Gabriel's eyebrows rose as he gave her a sidelong glance. "Now I really have to go." He tugged at his wet shirt.

She grabbed his arm. "Don't be silly, Gabe. You know you're always welcome. After all, we were planning on living here. Together." Turning to Christian, she said, "We even picked out the furniture in the master bedroom. Together."

Christian's smile evaporated and she wanted to cheer, but Gabriel cut her preemptive celebration short.

"I need to get this in the wash before it stains. Nice to see you both. Take care of her." Gabriel moved to the door. He shut it behind him and a few seconds later his truck rumbled to life, the pulled out of the driveway.

"Alone at last, love." He crossed the small distance between them. She jumped up, determined to not let him touch her. She would fall apart if he did. Fall apart into pieces so small that they could fit on the head of a pin.

"Don't call me that." She backed away from him, occasionally glancing over her shoulder to make sure she didn't do the ultimate Zoe move and trip over something.

"Sweetheart?"

"Asshat!"

Christian lifted a brow and stopped in his tracks. "Now's who trying to reminisce?"

"Just go." Zoe whirled away, but was stopped from leaving the room by his hand on her arm. Looking up at him when he moved to stand in front of her, she steeled her resolve. Steeled herself against the pure unadulterated pleasure of his touch. She remembered those elegant fingers as they touched, explored and satisfied every need.

"Don't look at me like that," he warned. "Or I'll take you against the nearest wall."

Fury flashed through her body as some of his last words to her echoed in her mind. "I'd rather forget we ever happened."

He let go of her long enough to rake his hand through his perfectly tousled hair. For some reason it made her even angrier. How dare he show up here? So damn smug and as if he hadn't been cruel. As if he hadn't cut her deep with his words and actions.

She ran the length of his body with her eyes. No, Christian shows up looking like he's about to be photographed for some men's fashion magazine. All sexy and dressed to kill her.

"Obviously, I lied about wanting to -"

"Obviously." She tried to put some distance between them, rounding the couch to make her way to the back of her house. An ocean between them was preferable, but the island in her kitchen would have to serve.

"That's not what I meant and you know it." Christian stopped short of joining her side of the barrier she put between them.

"How do I know anything?" She pounded her fist against the cold granite countertop. "We barely know each other."

"I wouldn't classify what we do know as bare. More like carnal. Intimate knowledge between a man and woman," he drawled, infuriating her even more, but then he did the unexpected. His posture changed and his eyes seemed to glint with... something? "I'm sorry. I made a mistake and I'm here to right it, to be that man I told you about. The one you deserve. Let's try to work things out."

She almost forgave him. Right at that moment she wanted to run to him, wrap her arms around him, stroke his hair and whisper she loved him. That she understood, that she'd been just as much as at fault. It would be entirely easy to give in to him.

But she couldn't. "There's nothing you can say to make things better."

Christian exhaled. He should've known it wouldn't be that easy. That he couldn't waltz into her house, announce that he was home and she'd come running to him. Seeing Zoe with her ex had put him in full blow this-is-my-woman mode. Jealousy, true jealousy at the intimacy she and Gabriel had shared had made him want to plant his fist in the guy's face. All over them talking. Talking.

"Let me stay the night and show you how sorry I can be."

"Just one night?" She raised her chin. "Then what-you'll leave in the morning?"

"If you wish." There was no way in hell he was going anywhere, but if Zoe calling the shots-or at least thought she was-led to the desired outcome, he'd gladly follow.

Her green eyes looked black in the softly lit room before she narrowed them. "I want you to get back on the plane you flew in on and never return."

"Not an option."

"So much for what I wish." Her lips flattened into a thin line and she marched away, slamming the sliding glass door that led to her back porch behind her.

Ten minutes. He'd give his wife ten minutes before he went after her.

He rolled his head to one side, cracking his neck and relieving the pent-up tension. Well, at least some of it.

Looking around the room, he took note of the coziness. The warmth, the hominess that seemed to seep from the cheery yellow kitchen to the muted green walls of the living room. This was a house that had been lived in, loved and restored by Zoe. Pictures of her family were everywhere. Walls, tables, and bookshelves held their images. He walked over to the mantle of the fireplace. A collection of crystal fairies danced along the length while a framed print of Hale's The Crimson Rambler held a place of honor above it. Maybe he should buy her the original.

Nodding to himself, he pulled out his phone and texted Sasha, then wandered around. The chair he'd sat in had been large and comfortable. Made for a man or rather a woman who liked to curl up with her e-reader by the fire. He could practically guarantee the sofa was wide enough and long enough for him to stretch out on. With her.

And while his taste ran to ultra modern designs with sleek lines and bold color, he found that he loved Zoe's feminine style. The whimsy she placed in the oddest of places. An old pair of paint-spattered rain boots held emerging daffodils on the front porch while an open-mouthed frog umbrella stand greeted visitors in the small foyer.

He peeked into what he thought was her bedroom. The bed was all wrong. The style, the size, and the color of the wood used for the headboard. It took up the entire room, overpowering the antique dresser and vanity.

Moving into the room, he felt like an intruder, but he had to see her closet. What he found made him laugh. Actually, it made her all the more charming. Most of her wardrobe made noise or was one of the colors of rainbow sherbet ice cream. Sasha would have a stroke if he ever saw it.

A quick glance at his watch told him his self-imposed time limit was almost out. He jogged up the stairs and then back down to find her office. It could use more shelving and a new desk while the entire second floor with the exception of one guest room needed to be finished. That could be a project for him to do while he was trying to woo back his wife.

Glancing at his watch, he put on his mental armor.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

It had taken Christian a good ten minutes to find her. She sat hunched over a wooden picnic table, seemingly staring at the small waves that lapped at the shore.

The sun dipped low in the sky behind them, casting gloomy shadows on the sandy expanse. To his right, what looked to be an old mansion with a double balcony sat surrounded by live oaks and Magnolia trees. A woman paced back and forth, blond hair trailing out behind her. Fireflies seemed to follow her as she walked. Soon, a dark haired man appeared and wrapped his arms around her.

Was that Gabriel?

He blinked, then blinked again. The balcony was empty of people and fireflies. "Did you see the woman walking with all the fireflies?"

Zoe shook her head.

"This is an absolutely fantastic beach. No worry of shark attacks, jelly fish and most importantly no fear of seeing a three hundred pound bloke wearing a Speedo with black socks and white trainers."

A small smile flitted across her lips. "You haven't met Uncle Jethro."

"When is the next get together? I'll be sure to say hello."

"It's next month," she said softly, turning to face him. His heart bumped against his chest when he saw she'd been crying. God, all he did was make her cry. "You'll be gone before then."

He ignored her statement. "I'm sorry I didn't recognize you when you showed up that day."

"I bet," she said, her lips twisting. "You looked like you couldn't have cared less, and you sounded like an ass. Are you normally that gracious to your fans?"

"You looked very beautiful that night and you tasted like heaven," he said, "I thought you were my twenty-first birthday present."

"I wish I'd missed the first, the second and last time we kissed," she said, rising from the table and moving towards the path that led to her house.

This was not going well at all. He trailed behind her. "Zoe, wait up. We have to talk."

"We don't have to do anything," she shouted. "You need to leave. I need to write... about villains. Evil villains that break hearts."

"I'm here to mend yours with pieces of mine."

She whirled on him. "Stop giving me lines."

"It's the truth." He touched her cheek. His heart plummeted to his stomach when she flinched.

"I can't do this. Not right now." She drew in a deep breath and closed her eyes.

"When?" He pressed a kiss to the top of her head. Her soft cheek. "Let me in, Zoe." He trailed his lips down to the corner of her mouth.

She trembled and he wrapped his arms around her.

He rejoiced when she melted into him. Brushing his mouth against hers, he tasted the salty tears on them. "Let me stay."

She sighed.

He slanted his mouth over hers, nibbling and teasing her tightly closed lips until they parted in sweet surrender. Just as he swept his tongue inside of her mouth, she tore away.

"No." She ran from him.

He followed her, keeping his distance.

She slammed her door shut and the lock clicked in place. Lights flicked on as she made her way through the house. He met her on the front porch just as she locked the screen door. The light beside the entrance gave off a soft glow.

"I'll be back tomorrow evening."

Zoe's arms crossed over her chest. "I won't be home."

"Where will you be?"

"I'm going out with Melanie."

Most likely she was telling the truth, but he wouldn't let it deter him. "What about Friday evening?"

"No place you'd be seen in. Might get your clothes dirty."

"Sweetheart, I've been to places you've only written about. Now, where will you be?" he asked, his voice even and calm. Not bad for a man who wanted to tear down the barrier between them with his bare hands.

"Poor Boy's," she said, then tilted up her nose. "You can figure out where that is or have Sasha do a background check on it." She moved to shut the door. "Have a good night."

He stood there, facing the door locked to him. He walked over to one of the rocking chairs on her front porch and sat down.

A dog howled in the distance.

Christian grimaced at the lonely sound. "Know just how you feel, mate."

The porch light went dark. "Go home, Christian."

She called him Christian. Not Ian. He grinned. "Already here, love," he shouted back. "I'm already here."

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Poor Boy's was a rundown honky-tonk that boasted sticky wood floors, cheap beer and live bands. The men in here wore dark jeans, t-shirts and the occasional preppy golf shirt. While the women were dressed in everything from sweaters and jeans to two strips of fabric covering their naughty bits. A sight familiar the world over.

Then there was his wife, the gypsy, standing with two of her brothers. She wore an embroidered top in a soft yellow color and a light green skirt that had pleats in it like an accordion. His fingers itched to drag up the material above her thighs while he kissed the soft hollow in her neck.

Presently, his brothers-in-law were giving him crossed arms over the chest glares. He lifted his beer in salute as Zoe's brother, Luke, eyes narrowed in on him. There was no way any of them were going to scare him off. He'd faced worse and lived to tell the tale. Produced it even.

Christian ticked his chin up slightly, nodding to a corn-fed farmboy with hands as big as his head when the bloke man-checked him. And yes, Christian knew he didn't belong here. Didn't look the part and wasn't willing to conform. He thought of all the places he could be at this moment. Paris, London, Beijing or even St. Petersburg. Holy hell, he could be in Majorca right now, sunning himself with Zoe at his side.

But where was he? In a third rate bar, hanging out in the shadows like a first rate stalker.

She happened to glance in his direction and frown. He motioned her over, but she tilted her nose in the air and whirled away.

Stubborn ass woman. It was one of the things he loved about her.

He took a long pull of his beer and set the bottle down, pulling at the edge of the label until it curled over. In a few months he'd be five years older than when he met her. And he was determined to celebrate with Zoe.

His phone vibrated as a text from Sasha appeared. Christian had to read it a couple of times before he shoved the thing back into his pocket. He cursed silently and stood, leaving a tip for the flirtatious server and left.

***

"What do you mean the pictures have gone viral?" Christian growled into the phone.

"You're being punished for leaving. Sorry, I had no choice in the matter, but there's speculation as to whether it's you or your brother," came Sasha's reply before they lost signal.

Holland Springs was like a black hole when it came to cell coverage. He'd had better coverage in the jungles of Burma.

With a great sigh, he climbed into his rental and headed back to the bed and breakfast he'd stayed last night. For the past two days he'd bided his time, kept his distance and for the most part confined himself to his room.

The road forked up ahead. To the left lay Zoe and silent recrimination. To the right lay sleep and disturbing dreams.

And loneliness.

He clenched his jaw, jerked the wheel and headed home.

***

"Why are you here?" Zoe slid her keys across the side table and they fell onto the floor. She smacked her hand against her skirt.

"I assumed that living with one's wife was a custom practiced here," Christian said, rising from the sofa. And he missed her. "Besides, the mattress is rather lumpy at the bandb. Thought I'd give yours a go."

He'd been waiting in her house for over an hour. A quick search under the doormat had revealed the hidden key. A habit that needed to change. Immediately. Picking up her keys, he handed them back to her. Their fingers brushed. Desire hit him hard and his gut clenched.

"I'm not sleeping with you," she said him, her voice shaky.

He tried very hard to be patient. He tried very hard to keep it together and not touch her. But she tilted that cute little nose of hers and bit her lush bottom lip.

To hell with patience. He lifted her easily in his arms and strode to her bedroom.

"Put me down," she said, but he noticed she didn't try to wriggle out of his arms.

"Don't worry, love. I don't plan on sleeping with you either." He held her closer and breathed in her familiar scent. What an idiot he'd been. She'd smelled just as she always had, like honeysuckle.

After shutting the door behind him, he let her slide to the floor, making sure she felt every hard inch of him.

Her breath hitched and he couldn't wait another second. He tangled his fingers in her hair and brought his mouth to hers. She slid her arms around his neck and he groaned. He followed the lush contours of her body, rubbing the small of her back with his fingers.

"I need you, Zoe. I missed you."

She leaned back in his arms, tears in her eyes. "I saw pictures of you and that fruit woman. I was inundated with reporters calling and emailing me. I had to change my number. I couldn't come home for three weeks, because I was afraid they'd be here."

Actually, she'd had nothing to worry about. As soon as he'd learned the press had been hounding her, he'd paid them all off. All but one. The bastard. Then he'd sent security to Palm Island to keep an eye on her.

"Peaches' name is Kate."

"I don't care what Pineapple's name is. She slept with my husband." Her hand clamped over her mouth and she back away from him.

"That's right, love. I'm still your husband." He stalked her across the room, taking off his shirt and tossing it to the floor. "I've been entirely faithful to you. Kate's in love with my brother. Always has been and he's too preoccupied being up my father's ass to notice."

She sat down on the bed. "Maybe she can't tell the two of you apart."

Sitting beside her, he placed his hand over hers. She crossed her arms and scooted away.

He scanned the room, at a loss as to what to do next. The massive California king had been replaced. A large four poster bed filled the room instead. Settled against the headboard were four of the largest and softest looking pillows he'd ever seen. Multi-colored quilts covered the top and made him want to sink down in it.

"This bed looks much better than the other one," he said. "More you."

"I gave the old one to Heath. He put this one back in here for me," she said, turning away from him.

He gently stroked her hair. Spying a brush on the nightstand, he grabbed it. As he brushed the long, silky strands, her shoulders dropped their rigid stance and her head leaned with his strokes.

Her shoes hit to the floor with a thud. To his astonishment, she stood, letting her shirt fall to the floor and then her ankle length skirt.

He swallowed. Hard. Dropping the brush, he scooted back on the bed until the cold headboard hit his back.

Of course, his wife was wearing the pinkest and laciest pair of panties that he'd ever seen. They even had the tiniest of ribbons holding them together at the sides. And she had on above the knee striped knit stockings. Like the kind you'd see in a winter pictorial of a sexy ski bunny.

"Turn around," he said thickly. Miracle of all miracles, she obeyed him.

Dark hair waved over her shoulders and curled around the pink lace cups of her bra. She crawled across the quilt and straddled his thighs. "See something you like?"

Was she insane? Of course he did. He'd dreamed of her wearing every piece of lace imaginable, then slowly removing it from her body with his teeth.

"Did you wear this because you thought I might be seeing it?"

"Maybe."

He leaned forward, his eyes trained on her pretty dark ones and tugged a lace covered nipple into his mouth. She shifted forward, silk brushing over his c**k and making his eyes roll back at the sensation. He sucked harder on the ever tightening bud, until she clutched at his head and gasped.

Nuzzling the valley between her br**sts, he worked at the clasp of her bra until he was able to pull it down and feast on the sight before him. Pink ni**les and creamy br**sts the same color and size as before, not that he expected anything different. She was perfect. He lifted his eyes to hers. "So damn beautiful. I wish I were a bloody poet."

"Touch me," she commanded softly. He was more than happy to do her bidding. He was her willing slave.

He skimmed his hands along the curve of her back and shoulders. The softness of her skin never ceased to amaze while her sweet response humbled him. She made him feel loved.

Tonight, he was going to take his time with her. Worship every inch of her until she knew without a doubt that he loved her and was here to stay.

Zoe's lips were on his neck, then his jaw before she licked at his ear and bit down. He growled low in his throat and jerked her closer, hard ni**les scraped his bare chest.

"I'm not leaving you again." He leaned in to kiss her, but she turned her head away.

"Not until morning anyway," she said, slowly pulling on the ribbons that held her lingerie together, her movements graceful.

"Not even then," he insisted, but her lashes lowered hiding her thoughts from him. "Look at me, dammit." Lashes lifted and he smiled, caressing her face. "I'm not leaving. Ever." This time she didn't turn when he kissed her. He teased the seam of her mouth until she parted her lips. Sinking his hands into her hair, he growled and kissed her. Hard and deep. He slaked his thirst, his hunger on her, on her lips and tongue.

"I want you," she whispered against his mouth.

"Take me."

She lifted up and away from him, her dark hair spilling over his chest as she looked down. The silky strands were like cool water against his overheated skin. They reached for his pants at the same time and all thoughts of going slowly, of savoring the moment fled. Somehow he got his pants off, then his boxer-briefs.

Her lips wrapped around his cock. He cursed. Her clever tongue slid around the head and he almost came. Sweat gathered on his brow and along his chest as she aroused him further, using her mouth to tempt him to spill.

"Zoe, stop," he gasped.

Peering up at him through heavy lidded lashes, she said, "Something else you wanted?" She licked the length of him.

He grabbed the bedcovers, fisting them tightly. "Yes...Christ...yes."

Leaning to one side, she opened up the top drawer of the night stand and pulled out a condom. She ripped off the foil, then grabbed his cock. For a moment he was content to let her stroke him, until a small bead of pr**cum appeared.

"Now." His command more a plea.

Rolling the condom on, she positioned herself above him. His back bowed off the bed when he felt the first slide of her tight heat onto his erection. He let his head fall back and eyes close as she took control.

She rocked upon him, bearing her hands on his chest and taking him deep inside. Unable to not touch her, he opened his eyes and grabbed her ass, helping her ride him.

White teeth bit down on her bottom lip as she moved, seemingly holding back any verbal response.

He slid his fingers between her curls, where she was hot, swollen and wet. Crying out, she rocked faster, her br**sts bouncing and her hair flowing down her back.

She shoved his hand away. "No."

"Yes." He'd be damned if he'd let her satisfy him only.

Pushing her off of him and down onto the quilts, he buried his head between her thighs. She tensed, shivered and let out a small moan. Knit stockings rubbed his back when he placed her legs over his shoulders and spread her wider, seeking to have his fill.

Over and over, he licked and sucked at her, reveling in her taste and scent. How could he have not known this was the woman he'd been searching for? She tasted uniquely Zoe. Undeniably his.

He stiffened his tongue and plunged it inside, then stroked his thumb across that swollen part of her. She moaned louder than before, her fingers tugging at his hair. He stroked her again. Her entire body trembled, her ni**les tightened to hard points and she cried out his name. The sweetest sound he thought he'd never hear again.

Flipping her over, Christian mounted her from behind and sank deep inside. Hot. Wet. Tight. He drove deeper, utterly consumed by her. She filled his empty body. His heart. His soul.

She gripped the footboard, her knuckles whitening. Convinced he was being too rough, he stopped. She made a sound of frustration and pushed back on him. "No...don't!"

"Never." He steadied her hips in his hands and surged inside. Once, twice, a third and then a fourth and final time when his own orgasm claimed him. "I love you, Zoe. I never stopped," he managed to say. "I'm not leaving you ever again. Not tomorrow. Not next year. Not fifty years from now."

Chapter Thirty

Zoe wanted to believe him, wanted to be confident in his words, but it was difficult.

Raw pain resided in her heart and soul. Still, she had made a conscious decision to have sex with him. As if on some idiot quest to make him leave. To prove that he was exactly the heartless playboy actor the world knew him to be.

But it had turned into something more. It had turned into making love.

The mattress dipped as he moved away from her, heading to the bathroom. She dropped to her side, tracing the pattern on the quilt at the end of her bed.

"It worries me to see a woman thinking so hard and so long without speaking," Christian said teasingly, his eyes seemingly full of love, as he approached the bed. Their icy veneer had melted and his entire demeanor was relaxed. As if he knew she was his. That she had succumbed to him. Once again.

"Afraid I was comparing you to Gabriel?"

His perfect mouth twisted. "There's absolutely no danger of that."

"I slept with him when I came home," she said, trying to hurt him with a lie. Just leave already, she wanted to scream, then guilt assailed her. This was so not her.

"You were alone on Palm Island."

"How did you know?" Outrage filled her, chasing away the guilt. "You were spying on me?" Well, that would explain the two men she had seen walking up and down the mostly empty cul-de-sac her family's beach house sat on, day after day.

"Gotta protect my assets." He reached for her, but she scooted away.

"Of course you do. That stupid post nuptial I signed had an adultery clause. Too bad it didn't extend to you." Sliding from the bed, she grabbed her robe and headed to her office.

"I have not been with anyone else. From the moment I rammed into you at the airport, I have only been with you." His heavy footsteps sounded behind her. "Besides, there's no way in hell we would have had sex if you didn't believe me."

True, but she wouldn't admit it. She slammed the door, not bothering to lock it.

"That doesn't mean I want to continue this relationship." After flipping on the lights, she started up her laptop and turned on the printer.

"Let me in, Zoe," came his terse command.

She ignored him, searching through her email, until she found what she wanted and hit the print button. She grabbed a pen and waited for the last page to pop out of the printer.

The door opened.

He strode in, took one look at the pen in her hand and snatched it away. It landed on the floor and rolled under the bookshelf near it. He grabbed the sheets of paper from the tray and began to slowly tear them in two directions, his eyes boring into hers as he did.

"There's not going to be an annulment."

She crossed her arms. "I'll divorce you," she threatened, her heart not in it.

White pieces flew in the air like confetti at a New Year's Eve party. "The hell you will. I love you. You love me and that's all we need."

"This isn't one of your movies. You can't just show up, quasi-quote a Beatles' lyric to me and expect things will go back to the way they were before," she said, stepping back when he took a step forward. "I don't trust you or your reasons for being here."

"Give me the chance to prove that I'm trustworthy, that I am here for us," he said, surprising her with the quiet intensity of his voice. "One month. That's all I'm asking."

"You didn't last two days being married to me."

His jaw worked and eyes glittered in the light. "Please, Zoe."

"Please what? Please forgive you for not being able to handle a relationship like a gown man? For throwing my love for you back in my face? For cutting me into pieces-again? For not attempting to talk to me about that day?"

"For all of that and more." There were no explanations. No excuses. No trying to pawn his behavior off on her. His honesty was the one thing that could convince her to take another chance.

"Fine," she said, turning to leave the room. "The guest room has clean sheets."

"Not so fast, sweetheart. I fully expect you to participate in this. That means you treat me like your husband, your lover and your friend. If you still can't see us together at the end, then you can tell me to leave. I'll give you whatever you want. Annulment. Divorce. Whatever."

"What about Gabriel?" She turned to face him, unable to believe what he was saying or offering.

"What about Gabriel?" he repeated, sounding so smug that she uncrossed her arms and threw them out in frustration, smacking a picture off of her desk.

Glass cracked and shattered all over the smooth wood floors. She let out a horrified cry, bending down to pick up the pieces. "Good Lord, I just lose it around you." A jagged piece stabbed in her fingers. "Dammit!" They started to throb and bleed. She quickly stuffed them in her mouth.

"Are you trying to bleed to death?" Christian grabbed her by the elbow and directed her to the hall bathroom. He pointed at the toilet. "Sit."

He looked through the vanity cabinet, muttering to himself about wrapping her in bubble wrap and never letting her leave the house.

Zoe bit her lip as he cleaned each cut, making small noises as the antiseptic burned. Well, she wasn't buying that stuff again. The label clearly read that it was pain free. False advertising at its finest. Okay, maybe she didn't really read the label that closely, because pretty soon the throbbing was gone and Christian was wrapping cartoon character band-aids around her fingers.

"Those are for my niece."

"SmithAnn, right?" Christian asked, cleaning up the counter. "Her favorite is the sparkly unicorn that sings."

"How did you know?" Surely that wasn't on her background check.

He gave her a tender smile before checking her other hand. "I saw the DVDs in your collection."

"What else did you see?" She closed her eyes for a moment as she thought about all the movies he'd starred in lined up along the shelves of the entertainment center.

"An endless supply of what's his face. You women are incredibly solidified in your pirate fantasies." His blonde hair gleamed under the soft lights of her bathroom. His skin looked darker than before and he had a small scar on his shoulder.

"How did you get hurt?" she asked, touching the jagged line, then moving him into the light to see it better.

"Burma. Happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time." She let her hands fall. He really had been there. Just like he said. "So is it working?"

"What?" she asked, completely confused by his question.

He led her back to her bedroom. "The Florence Nightingale thing you told me about."

"But I wasn't there to take care of you when this happened." She gestured to the fading scar.

He lifted her hand and kissed the palm. "I'm here to take care of you."

She sucked in a breath. Oh, this was so stupid. So completely fool hardy but she would take the chance. "I'm not going to make it easy for you."

He gave her a wicked smile, untying her robe and sliding his hands inside. "As if I'd expect anything else, but I'm aiming to win." He pushed it over her shoulders, cool air hitting her skin and making her shiver.

"What are you doing?" she asked, knowing full well what was going to happen between them. And she was eager for it. For him.

Loving Christian with her body was the easy part. It was surrendering her heart that was brutal. One month. She could outlast him for that long. She could put up the highest of barriers between them and wrap it in thorns. There was no way he'd bother climbing them if he was being satisfied in other areas.

He wrapped his hands around her waist and pulled her close. "Making love to my wife."

Chapter Thirty-One

The next morning brought a Carolina sunrise and blue skies. A blurry one-eyed look at her clock told her it was oh-my-God-o'clock. She snuggled deeper under the covers, tentatively searching for Christian with her toes.

"Still here," he said, his voice smooth and deep.

"I wasn't looking for you."

Zoe yelped as large hands grabbed her. His body made contact with hers. It was very male, very muscular and -she wiggled her butt against his groin-very aroused. Her traitorous body responded by getting all tingly in anticipation.

Last night he'd made her come so many times, she'd lost count. But she did know that every time he reached for her, she was already reaching for him. Holding him close and wrapping herself around his lean body.

He rose over her, eyes crinkling at the corners. His tan shoulders gleamed in the morning sun as its rays highlighted the room through lacy curtains. "Such a shame, because I've been looking for you for years."

Her heart did slammed against her chest as he bent down to kiss her. "You should've looked harder."

"You should've told me your real name," he murmured against her lips. Then he sat back, taking her with him so that her head lay on his chest. "Is there any other time we've met?"

"Well, there was this one time at band camp," she said and then snorted. His chest shook as he laughed with her.

His muscular arms tightened around her. "The sun is shining, my beautiful wife is in my arms-nude, mind you-and my feet are warm. This is actually the best morning I've had in a month."

"Me, too," she whispered against his warm skin, tracing the rose tattoo on his pectoral with a sparkly unicorn covered fingertip.

If only she could be sure he'd stay this time. Heck, if she could only be sure he wasn't using her to make up for bad press. She hated the old adage of only time will tell, because she was sick of waiting on a man. But this time he was waiting on her decision of whether he stayed or would be given his walking papers.

"I'd like for you to wear my ring again," he said, his fingers sifting through her hair.

That was the worst possible thing for him to say. Every time he'd ever given her jewelry, they ended up apart. She sat up, wincing as the long strands got tangled up in his fingers. "No."

He cupped his hands around her shoulders, stopping her from leaving. "Will you think about it?"

"I need to take a shower." Pushing away the covers, she hopped out of bed and ran like a coward to bathroom.

Breathing deeply, she turned on the sink and splashed cold water on her face. The light spilling through the picture window caught her eye and she stared, watching as hummingbirds and butterflies flitted from flower to flower. The room was cold and goose bumps appeared on her legs, chest and arms. She rubbed her arms vigorously, wondering how she was going to keep an emotional distance from him. Twice last night she'd been tempted to blurt out that she loved him.

"Zoe?"

She shoved the shower handle from cold to hot. Water cascaded to the sea glass covered floor. "I'm busy right now."

"I wanted you to know that I have to leave."

"Of course you do," she muttered. Why should he stay? But the familiar pain threatened to overwhelm her. She had been so stupid. So...

"I have to run some errands and get my things. Is there anything you need?"

Okay, she hadn't been expecting that. She eyed the honeysuckle shampoo and conditioner sitting on the corner of the shower bench. She could use more of that. Oh, and groceries. Let him do the mundane things a husband would do. Things that would completely bore him and make him realize that this-them-was not going to work. "Could you go into town and get me some of my hair stuff? I get it at Carolina Dreams on Ivy Lane. Rose Holland makes it for me," she said, stepping into the shower and closing the glass door. "And if you want stuff to eat, you'd better head to the nearest grocery store. I haven't had time to shop."

Christian's hand hovered above the doorknob. The sound of the water sluicing over her body made him hard. It would be so easy to join her, pleasure her and spend the rest of the day in bed. But he had to go. And then come back.

Zoe had to realize, had to unequivocally be made aware, that he kept his word. That he wanted to be with her. "I'll see you this afternoon, love. It might take me a while to get back."

"Take all the time you need," she yelled over the noise of the shower.

He lifted his eyebrow and twisted his lips in amusement at her answer. After getting a shower in the guest bathroom and dressing in the spare clothes he had stashed in his rental, he headed out the front door to find Sasha waiting for him.

His cousin leaned against a black Mercedes. A driver held open the door.

Christian raked a hand through his hair. This wasn't the way to travel through Zoe's hometown. Honestly, it didn't matter. Getting her back was his number one goal and nothing would stop him. Including whatever his father had instructed Sasha to do.

"What?" Sasha asked, correctly reading his look of annoyance.

"I'm not looking for attention. I'm here to get my wife back."

Sasha sighed. "Fine, but I'm not, under any circumstances, riding in a jacked-up anything."

Now this was the Sasha he knew. "Will a Suburban do, your highness?"

"I suppose."

After sending the car and their driver on his way, the two made their way to town, passing farm after farm.

"Good God, this place is bucolic," Sasha said as they passed yet another pasture of cows grazing.

Christian couldn't have agreed more, but that's what he liked about Holland Springs. "Quit being such a damned snob."

"I'm perfectly content with my snobbery and the knowledge that I will never, ever live in a place like this," Sasha said. "Want to go cow tipping this evening? I hear it's all the rage 'round these here parts. Maybe if you bring Zoe the prized heifer she'll know you're totally serious."

"Job security has never been a worry of yours, has it?" Christian fiddled with the radio, glancing down for only a moment.

"Brakes."

"What?" Christian slammed on the brakes, coming to a stop mere inches from a parade of ducks and their goslings. The mothers of the group squawked at the Suburban. At the very end a black cat trotted after them, nudging the last baby duck in line with its nose.

The cat stopped in the middle of the road, staring at them with eerie blue eyes.

He felt rather than saw Sasha stiffen. "This has got to be the strangest place we've ever been."

"Even weirder than Madam Flower's?" Christian asked, referring to the week they'd spent in Monaco and in the company of some very talented women. Well, if one could call their depraved specialties talents.

Christian tapped the horn and the cat sauntered away, flicking its tail. He pressed the gas, relieved to see the sign for the town after ten minutes of driving

"A great big emphatic yes," Sasha said. "No more of that kind of thing for you. Unless you can talk Zoe into putting a-"

"Alexander," Christian said with a warning note in his voice. "You know, I cannot wait for you to meet the woman that makes your life a living hell."

"Because being controlled by my uncle, your father, isn't enough?" Sasha had him there. "By the way, I was the one who slipped your ring in your pocket. Brennen thought he was playing a fantastic joke on you, but I was trying to make it up to you both."

Christian grinned. "I knew there was a reason I kept you around."

"My brilliant conversation skills aren't enough?"

Christian made a left onto Ivy Lane, pulling into an empty parking spot. He turned to his cousin and punched him in the shoulder. "God love you, Sasha."

***

After leaving the apothecary shop on Ivy, Christian peered at his cousin who was unusually quiet. "Have all my packages arrived?"

"Uh-huh," Sasha replied, staring out of the passenger window.

Christian stopped for a red light. "When will my piano be delivered? I would like to start playing again."

"Uh- huh."

What the hell was wrong with Sasha? "I've decided to quit acting and take up quilting." Again, his cousin answered with the same tone. "You'll join me of course. Collecting scraps, sewing edges. Shaving dogs for the stuffing."

"Uh-what?" Sasha's lips rose on one side. "Have you gone mental?"

"No, but I think you have. Anyway, what's the status on my things?"

Sasha pulled out his blackberry and touched the screen. "Quite a few have already arrived and are waiting for you at Chesson House. The rest should be here by the end of next week."

The light turned green and Christian drove to the town's one grocery store. "Fantastic. The sooner Zoe sees I'm here to stay, the better."

"Uh-huh," Sasha said, once again distracted by something. Or was it someone?

Rose Holland, one of the owners of Carolina Dreams, had had an uncommon effect on his cousin. Sasha had been virtually silent as soon as he saw her, then rude. To a woman he'd never met before.

Christian had apologized profusely to Rose before they left, but it didn't look like that had helped. Rose had fixed Sasha with a look so cold that even Christian had shivered. Almost as if the room had dropped about thirty degrees. At one point Christian could have sworn he saw his breath coming out.

"Rose got your tongue?" Christian teased.

Sasha rubbed the back of his neck. "She's got more than my tongue."

"You know her?"

"Not really," Sasha said, then tapped his fingers against his thigh. "Let's get the rest of your honey-do list over with. I need to fly back to London this evening."

"Summoned by Vladimir?"

"What do you think?"

Well, that was that. "Have you found out any more information about who's scooped the pictures of me? Currently, my agent and I aren't speaking." Martha hadn't bothered to answer the last three emails Christian had sent her either, but she hadn't ended their business relationship. Yet.

"The two bloggers that have it are holding out until confirmation. Perhaps this can be contained after all? Why don't you let me put out a statement about you and the wife. Generate some buzz."

The second and last stop light at the town's only major intersection changed to red. Christian slowed the SUV to stop. "Absolutely not. I'm not using her for personal gain."

"But this could be the end of everything," Sasha protested, but Christian could tell his cousin's heart wasn't in it.

"Doesn't matter," Christian said. He'd find a way to keep B.T.S. funded, without them knowing about it. He didn't need their approval anymore, only his wife's.

His cousin clapped him on the shoulder. "Proud of you, mate."

"Quite sentimental of you, Alexander."

"Don't get all watery. I think you've completely lost it."

The light turned green. Christian slammed down on the gas pedal, laughing as Sasha was unceremoniously thrown back against the leather seat. "I hope to God I never find it."

Chapter Thirty-Two

It had taken Christian longer than he'd like to get all of his errands accomplished and by the time he'd returned home-yes, he was most definitely calling Zoe's house that-it was almost four in the afternoon.

He'd dropped off Sasha, who was still moody as hell, at the airport before driving like a bat out of hell, keeping his eyes peeled for any animals on parade.

Once again, he took some time to check out his new digs. The two-story home had gingerbread lattice work and large porches on the front and back. The siding was painted a bright white while the trim was a deep black with matching shutters. Spring flowers bloomed in wide flowerbeds along the front and side of the house. A large pecan tree sat off to the side with a sturdy branch hanging low enough for a tire swing.

He would push his children on that swing. Hear them laugh and play. And he would never pit them against each other. Never tell one that he or she was worthless. Never abuse them.

The thought of children startled him, but why shouldn't he think about the future with Zoe? He'd done it all, seen it all (thanks to the duck and cat parade), and had it all.

With that thought in mind, he grabbed some of the bags from the back of his SUV and headed in the house. After unloading everything and still no sign of Zoe, he headed out the sliding glass door to look for her. Her black Camaro was sitting in the driveway, so she hadn't gone that route. But anyone could have come and gotten her. She was surrounded by a family that loved her, and, most likely, wanted to murder him.

Which made them rise in his estimation.

He found her, sitting on a large quilt under a flowering tree with her hands over her face. She had flowers and ribbons sticking out of the loose braid she wore.

Zoe's shoulders shook. The straps of her pink sundress had fallen down to rest on the each side as she trembled. It was the same dress she'd worn when they'd gotten married. Dammit, she was crying. Again. If he wasn't the biggest ass on the planet, he didn't know who was. He could have taken her with him instead of needing to prove himself to her. He made a move in her direction.

She jumped to her feet and yelled, "Ready or not, here I come."

He stopped short and looked around. A little girl's giggle sounded to the right of him and he could just make out the blonde curls that were visible over a green bush with yellow flowers. A bright pink bow wobbled at the top as the toddler moved.

He stayed hidden on the porch, watching as Zoe chased her niece around the back yard, flowers falling with each step. High pitched shrieks punctuated the air until Zoe captured her in a big hug.

"I hungry, Aunt Zoe," the little girl said.

He studied the child. She had to be SmithAnn.

"Me, too." Zoe grabbed the child's hand, walking to the back porch. "I have all your favorite things in my pantry."

So his wife hadn't needed the groceries after all. Or she thought she was sending him off on a wild goose chase. It didn't matter, because if that's what it took to earn her trust, then that's what he'd do.

He shoved his hands into his pocket and waited, a big grin on his face. The wind lifted the bottom of Zoe's dress. She had the loveliest legs and the most tempting thighs. He sucked in a breath and thought of football. Of his agent. Of any damn thing that could put his mind to non-carnal thoughts.

Zoe opened the screen door, her eyes widening. "I didn't think you'd be back..."-her eyes flicked down to SmithAnn-"so soon."

He bet she didn't. He grinned at his new niece and got on his knees. "Hi, I'm Christian."

SmithAnn's brown eyes mimicked her aunt's, but for an entirely different reason. "It's you!" She threw her arms around him, nearly over toppling him. "Prince Ian!"

Zoe grabbed her niece and pulled her away. "What in the world are you talking about?"

"I show you!" The little girl tugged on her arm, then placed a chubby hand on Christian's. "I show you."

As her niece led them into house, Zoe couldn't stop glancing at her husband. He was back. Seriously in the flesh back and had brought groceries. Bags of food covered the island in her kitchen. Suitcases were piled up by her front door. He really was serious about moving in with her.

"Mind if I put my things in your closet?"he asked.

She frowned at him. "Do I have a choice?"

SmithAnn let out a cheer and did what all almost three years old could do. Turn on the flat-screen and work the DVD player. "Prince Ian and Uni!"

Zoe smacked her mouth with her hand, laughing as Christian appeared on screen. He wore a gold crown and brandished a sword at a cartoon fire-breathing dragon. The perky sparkling unicorn, Uni, appeared by his side. They worked together to rescue the princess. However, the princess ended up saving them from her pet dragon who had only needed a nap to be less cranky.

"I'll have you know that's some of my finest work as an actor." Christian's voice was in her ear, hot breath caressing as his hands touched her hips. "Want to be my princess? I swear I'll put something harder and larger than a pea in bed with you."

"Only you could take a children's fairy tale and make it lascivious."

"Only you could say the word lascivious and make me want to bend you over the dining room table." His hands slid lower, cupping her bottom. "Have I told you how lovely your ass looks when I'm taking you from behind?"

She elbowed him in the stomach and he grunted, his hands falling away. "Not while my niece is here."

"When our niece leaves then."

"SmithAnn is spending the night." That should fix his royal horniness.

SmithAnn ran back to them and tugged on his shirt. "Come watch with me. Please?"

Perfect. Let him have to be around a two year old for the rest of the day and night. He'd be out the door before dessert was served. She started toward her office.

"Where are you going?" he asked, eyes widening as panic set in.

"I've got work to do and as my husband it's your job to entertain our niece while Melanie and Carter have a date night. Don't forget to fix her a snack." Striding down the hall, she grinned in satisfaction. "Let's see how long you last."

Every twenty minutes Zoe would stop writing and sneak a peek at her niece and husband. At first Christian sat stiffly on the sofa beside her, apparently unsure of how to deal with a toddler. But after the third check, he and SmithAnn were having a tea party on the floor.

His face was caked in makeup while barrettes made his hair stick out in odd places. A child's dress up hat perched on the front of his head while a feather boa wrapped around his broad shoulders.

"My tea and biscuits are quite delicious, Princess SmithAnn. I'm so delighted you invited me." He leaned down, pressing the back of his hand against one side of his mouth. "However, I would appreciate if you'd tell the hippo with the wonky eye to stay home next time. Can't hold his tea and keeps hitting on Miss Kitty. Bad form, I say."

SmithAnn giggled, clearly enchanted with him.

Frowning, Zoe leaned against the wall. It didn't look like he was in any mood to leave.

"Uncle Christian, how long you staying?"

Pale blue eyes met Zoe's, pinning her to the wall with the emotion behind them. "Forever." Despite the makeup and silly wardrobe he wore, she'd never felt more attracted to him.

Or as in love.

She could barely form the words, "Time to clean up for supper." She struggled to maintain a semblance of control. Lightheaded, she tried breathing deeply. After a few measured breaths, she pulled out pots and pans, filling them up with water and a vegetable mix that she planned to stir-fry.

Christian stood, picking up SmithAnn and following her to the kitchen. All the groceries had been put up and the kitchen was sparkling clean.

"You did this?"

"SmithAnn and I did, didn't we?"

Her niece nodded in agreement. The sparkly tiara she wore tumbled to the counter.

Zoe picked it up, examining the headpiece. The gems looked real. Her eyes flew to Christian. He was busy seating his newest fan at the kitchen table and providing art supplies.

"Be right back. I need to wash up. And here you go, my lady," he said with a flourish of his hat.

SmithAnn giggled as the yellow and green concoction was placed on the table beside a familiar wooden bowl of fruit. He'd actually kept that? Her heart flipped in her chest.

"Did you buy this for SmithAnn?" she asked.

"Yes, it came today," he said and walked away, all masculine grace.

She eyed the crown again, turning it around and around as the facets caught the light. "Are these real sapphires?"

He turned and cast a smile at her. "Perhaps," he said with a wink. He disappeared down the hall.

"That's so not funny. You can't give a two year old real jewelry." The bathroom door shut. "Christian?" She set the pretty tiara on her own head and sneaked a look at herself in the mirror hanging over the buffet in the dining room.

"Totally fake," she said as she pulled it off. She walked back to the kitchen and set it on top of her fridge.

He returned a few minutes later, face freshly washed and golden hair free of her niece's artistic hair skills. He placed a kiss Zoe's cheek, then wandered over to her iPod dock.

Soft strains of Colbie Caillat's old hit "I Never Told You" filled the air. Water bubbled in the pot, cooking the noodles for a macaroni and cheese dinner that Melanie never let her daughter have, but at Aunt Zoe's what momma didn't know...

"Dance with me," he said, capturing her hand.

"I guess I could, but only for twelve minutes."

His smile brightened the room.

They danced. Slowly. Pressed together with his hand riding low on her back, but there was nothing sexual in his embrace. Nothing that would be inappropriate in front of her niece as she drew pictures of castles and butterflies.

"She's a very sweet little girl."

Zoe closed her eyes and leaned against his broad chest. "Thanks for letting me get my work done."

A chuckle rumbled in his chest. "Mmm-hmm. I got your number, love."

Glancing over at the table to make sure her niece was still occupied, Zoe lifted her chin to look at the man holding her. "No, you don't. I changed it, remember, and I'm not giving it out."

"Really?" he murmured and pulled her close again, his breath hot against her hair. "You know, I actually like the whole family thing we're doing."

"I do this a lot. As in all the time."

"Trying to scare me away?" He stroked her cheek. "I've endured worse than a loving family bent on keeping their sister safe."

The reminded of just how loving his family could be, had her sucking in a breath. She pushed at his chest. "Let me go."

He tightened his arms around her. "Never. And I want a family. Kids. The white picket fence which you already have and a muscle car in the drive."

"Are you being cruel on purpose?"

He put his mouth to her ear. "No, I'm trying to tempt you to stay with me. So I can give you what you want."

She shook her head. "I didn't mean a word of it."

"While I'm completely serious."

"Me, too," SmithAnn shouted, wriggling between them.

Christian laughed, let Zoe go and scooped the toddler up in his arms. "Okay, Me Too. Let's dance."

Hands shaking, Zoe tried to concentrate on dinner, but all she could think about was his words, seemingly sincere.

Utterly deadly to her resolve.

Chapter Thirty-Three

"Bullshit." Carter looked pointedly at Christian. He took a quick swallow of beer, setting the glass down on the table and leaning back his chair.

Muttering under his breath, Christian grabbed the large pile of cards in the middle of the table and added them to his hand. This was getting bloody ridiculous. They were playing with two decks and he held the majority of the cards. "How in the hell did you know that I was lying? I make my living from acting."

Carter gave him an enigmatic smile. "I have my ways."

"Your turn, Z." Melanie said.

Zoe pulled some cards and placed them face down on the table. "Three sevens." She took a sip of water, elbowing Melanie in the process. "Sorry."

"Watch those bony things!" Melanie quickly put down her own. "One eight."

On and on it in went in rapid succession, until Christian finally realized that something wasn't right. Someone or ones were cheating. Amazingly enough, everyone had exactly what needed to be played next. No matter what the damn card was.

He glanced at Zoe, who was concentrating on her remaining cards, with tears in her eyes. And it wasn't from crying.

She was silently laughing. At him.

Christian looked around the large table and realized that they all were. He threw his cards down and held up his hands in mock surrender. "I give up."

Everyone burst out laughing.

"Bloody good show, mate," Heath said, making Christian roll his eyes. If he heard one more jab at his accent, he would start doing some impressions of his own.

Logan laughed like a deranged hyena. "I've never seen someone go that long before. You were so determined to win, but you couldn't figure out why no one was calling Bullshit on anyone else. Carter put down eight cards when he said two. Eight. Even Zoe was lying through her teeth and trust me, she's a dead giveaway."

"Gee thanks, Logan." Zoe threw her cards at him.

"Sorry, Z, but you suck at bluffing. You get too excited." Logan wiped his eyes.

"But I was quiet the whole time," Zoe protested, her nose wrinkling.

"You always hold your breath and wiggle around when you get really excited." Christian winked at her. "Only I'm too polite to call you on it." He wanted to make her pass out with excitement. Now. Would it be rude to insist that they make an early departure?

Zoe's cheeks heated. "Then I must hyperventilate and have ants in my pants when I'm around you."

"Really, love?" Christian gave her a wicked grin.

His wife's cheeks turned scorching red and her eyes rounded. "That's not what I meant. What I mean is that I must turn blue and... no...that's not it either. Well, crap."

"I know he's not talking about what I think he's talking about," Luke muttered to Logan and Carter.

All three of them glared at him.

Heath nodded, ignoring his brothers' exchange. "It was priceless, bro."

"Well, it's been fun torturing the new guy, but I think it's time the men went to Poor Boy's," Logan said. He stood and fished a set of keys out of his pocket. "Want to come, Ian-Christian? What is your name?"

Christian took his time piling up the stack of cards. For all intents and purposes these card sharks were his new family. It seemed wrong to ask them to call him by his stage name, but he'd give them the choice. "I'll answer to either."

"But what do you prefer?" Evangeline asked.

At least he knew she was on his side. She would direct message him on Twitter, giving him helpful insights about Zoe and what she liked. For nearly two weeks, he'd done everything he could think of to earn her trust and love. But the harder he worked, the more she pulled away. Except when he touched her, then she'd come undone in his arms, giving him her body and frustrating him to no end, because he needed more from her.

He needed everything.

"Call me-"

"Dipshit?" Luke suggested.

"Wanker."

"Punkface."

"Numbnuts is my favorite."

"Hey, no fair, you can't go twice, Heath," Evangeline protested.

"I vote for eunuch."

"Not at the dinner table, Luke. That kind of behavior belongs outside."Christian didn't know if he should be impressed or scared by Zoe's mother's suggestion.

"Asshat." That would be his wife's contribution. Tonight she wore a snug red shirt with hip-hugging jeans. He couldn't help staring at her cute ass every time she walked around. Hell, he wanted to ask her to go get him something, anything just so he could admire the lovely lines of her body.

"Call him hot as hell."

"Evangeline Mae, a lady does not talk about the hotness of another woman's husband," Leah reprimanded.

"But a lady can say bullshit?" Heath asked Carter out of the corner of his mouth.

Their father, Lawton, cleared his throat and peered over the paper he'd been reading.

"Sorry," Heath mumbled, impressing the hell out of Christian.

Vladimir could stand to learn how not to bitch and moan at his own sons. It was one of the things Christian liked and admired about Zoe's quiet father. Lawton had invited him over earlier that day to have a come to Jesus meeting with him. Whatever that meant.

As it had turned out, all Lawton had wanted to know if Christian was serious about making his marriage work. Then his father-in-law had told him in no uncertain terms that the next time Christian got a wild hair up his ass to leave his daughter, he'd track him down and skin him alive.

"Call him late for dinner."

"We'd never call you that, Logan. You always arrive before dinner and then no one else gets any," Melanie teased, her hand resting on the top of her bulging belly.

"How about call an ambulance?"

"Luke, really." Leah chastised from across the room. "I raised you boys better than that."

"Sorry," Luke said, sounding the exact opposite of the word. He tossed a glare Christian's way. "How about EMT?"

"SmithAnn calls him Prince Ian," Carter said with a smirk. "She's convinced he can bring that annoying unicorn to her birthday party."

Everyone including Zoe laughed.

"It was fantastic working with Uni. And SmithAnn was a lovely hostess at our tea while her guests were loads more fun and welcoming. More importantly, they didn't hoard the biscuits." He'd make fun of himself before the brothers could. That should shut them up.

Melanie rewarded him with a smile, then whispered in Zoe's ear. His wife turned a rosy pink and shook her head. What he wouldn't give to find out what that had been all about.

"Jolly good," Heath said in the worst impersonation of an English accent Christian had heard that night.

"That's a right proper gent," Logan chimed in, making Heath sound like a native speaker. Christian cringed. Okay, make Heath's the second worst.

"Look, any man willing to suffer through endless showings of that damn unicorn and play tea party with my daughter has my respect," Carter said, shocking Christian.

"Those dishes aren't going to clean themselves," Leah called out from her seat on the sofa. "Would you look at that? Who knew a woman with all that money could manage to look so cheap? Bless her heart."

The gossip channel his mother-in-law was watching had been muted and every so often he'd get a glimpse of his picture with some woman who was not his wife. Christian wanted to hurl something at the damn screen, but he couldn't change his past or the fact that everyone was privy to it. Including Zoe.

She glanced behind her just as an old video of him and Jaylen walking the red carpet was put on repeat. His entire body tensed as she turned back around in her chair, slender shoulders drooping. A small frown appeared on her face.

"How can you stand to watch that trash, Momma?" Luke growled.

Everyone turned to look and of course it showed him snogging Jaylen before giving the camera the finger. Then shouting what he knew to be profanity-laced sentences or at least what would have passed as a sentence. He'd most likely been drunk at the time, possibly high.

An uncomfortable silence descended.

Zoe looked down, pretending to examine the top of the wooden table. Her fingers flexed, the wedding ring that should be sparkling there conspicuously absent. As was his. She'd never given him one. Judging by her body language, he wouldn't be getting one anytime soon.

Heath cleared his throat. "Who wants dessert?"

"I'll go check on SmithAnn," Carter said.

Logan shot to his feet. "I'll get the plates."

"Leah, did you hear what Chrissy Jean said about Kelly Rae at Daisy's bakery the other day?" Melanie asked, moving to the living room. "I swear, those two looked like dogs fighting over scraps. "

Leah held up the remote and clicked off the television, then motioned for Melanie to sit down in the closest chair. "Over Nelson Landry?"

Everyone but Evangeline got up from the table to crowd around the large island in the middle of the kitchen. She shrugged a shoulder when Christian sent her a questioning look.

"It's my job to clean up. That's the curse of being the youngest. You've always got to do the crap jobs."

Wasn't that the truth? His crap job would be mindlessly spewing Romanov Industries' mission statement all over the world.

He helped her gather up the cards and sort through them, creating two decks again. "How's school going?"

"Just fine." Evangeline gave him a brilliant smile, one very like his wife's. "Are any of your friends coming here?"

He inwardly sighed at the sight of her sweet face. Now he had a little sister to think of. His friends could stay the hell away from Holland Springs and the women who lived here. "Not any time soon."

Her smile fell, but only slightly. "I already know one of them."

"And who would that be?" He closed the top of the box of cards.

"Luke wants to kill you," Evangeline warned, ignoring his question. "He thinks you're only here to boost your image, because something bad has happened or is about to happen."

That much was obvious. It didn't take a genius to notice Luke's fury-filled glare. And those damn pictures of him were still lurking in cyberspace. Still waiting for confirmation on the identity, but he was sure the bloggers and the reporters without standards would be publishing them soon. Ramifications be damned. Christian's second shot at happiness be damned as well.

He knew he needed to tell Zoe soon, but he was afraid she would think he was using her. "I'm here because I love your sister and want to stay married to her," he assured his sister-in-law.

Evangeline finished shoving the cards into the two boxes. "That's what I figured. You'd have to be either an idiot or desperately in love to come into the lion's den." She tilted her head in her brothers' direction. They were milling around the kitchen, eating and joking with one another.

Jealousy stabbed him. He couldn't remember the last time he and Sebastian had joked around. Hell, he couldn't remember the last time they'd spent together that hadn't involved Christian receiving a dressing down from their father. Zoe's family teased, cursed and yelled at each other without taking it personally. Without their parents pitting them against each other.

"Well, I am idiotically, desperately in love with your sister," he said with a wink and a grin.

Zoe carried a plate of cookies and a glass of milk over to Melanie, who was sitting in a chair with her feet propped up on an ottoman. She sat on the arm, talking to Melanie or rather her belly. He couldn't keep his eyes off of her as she made silly faces while talking in a sing-songy voice. She'd make an excellent mother. To his children. Their children.

A warm, fuzzy feeling settled in his bones. They could live here, follow Zoe's routine, and be deliriously happy. Just like she'd always wanted and now like he did, too.

"Why don't you leave and let her have a normal relationship?"

Christian looked up to find Luke in Evangeline's place at the table. He leaned back in his chair, trying to keep his voice smooth and his face impassive as he faced a challenge nearly as formidable as his wife.

"Obviously, Zoe craves something different. She broke up with Mr. Normal months ago and it wasn't the first time," he pointed out. No, the first time had happened before she'd moved out to California and kissed him. Had had a one night stand with him. Christian rubbed his thumb along the bottom of his glass, wiping away the condensation that had gathered.

"You two broke up last month."

"Now we're back together." Christian glowered at Luke from beneath his brows.

"Until you get bored or don't need her to fix your rep."

White-hot fury flashed through Christian. "I'm not having this conversation with you."

"I can wait." Luke slouched down in his chair, a slow grin covering his face. "Unlike you, I know how to stick around."

Christian suddenly remembered a little tidbit Zoe'd inadvertently let slip out about Luke and his ex. "Is that how Lily Sawyer would see things?"

Luke's jaw clenched and his eyes flared. "I'd hate to mess up that pretty face of yours, Romanov."

"Yes, it would put a damper on the whole do no harm creed you doctors have. And as flattered as I am that you think I'm pretty, I'm married." Christian looked around the room, struggling to keep his temper under control.

"Unbelievable. You can't even say anything original. Does your personal assistant have to email you a script to get through the day?" Luke leaned forward, placing his hands on the table between them. "You might have everyone else fooled, but not me. I know why you're here: You need my sister to save your ass again and make you look good to everyone." Luke rapped his knuckles on the table. "Thing is, deep down inside, you know you'll never be good enough for her."

Wisely, Christian kept his mouth shut. It wasn't as if Luke wasn't correct and Christian knew it. But selfish bastard that he was, there was no way in hell Christian was going to help Zoe realize it any sooner than she had to.

***

A full moon lit Zoe and Christian's path as they walked home. Tall pine trees swayed when a blustery wind gusted.

Zoe wrapped her coat tightly around her, wishing for the summer-like weather that had disappeared when the sun set. Hair dancing around her head smacked her in the face, making her eyes water.

She brushed it away and glanced up at the black sky, noting the large clouds rolling in. "It smells like rain."

Christian walked beside her, unusually subdued.

Lacing her fingers through his long, tapered ones, she tried again. "You sure are quiet."

"That's because I'm still reeling from the shock of discovering how close you live to your parents," he said, lightly squeezing her hand.

She laughed. "It's fifteen minutes to their house from mine." Ours, she wanted to say, but her feelings were still hurt by what she'd seen on television. How did other women do it? How did they reconcile themselves to their husbands' well-documented and broadcasted pasts while trying to look to the future? And in front of their families. It was one thing to see it in private, but like that, with everyone's attention on her and Christian, it had been excruciating. Suffocating. It had taken every ounce of willpower not to order him to leave, then run home.

"Only by car. By foot it's less than five," he said. "I'm having visions of your mother walking in on us, but I'll be respectful by not kicking her out when it happens. Over and over and over."

"You won't be able to tell her to eff-off while giving her the finger. How inconvenient for you."

He stopped, turning to look at her. "I know how to comport myself."

"Yeah, your classiness shined on the red carpet in that video. Shoving your tongue down your lover's throat was an extra special touch." She jerked her hand away and stomped ahead of him, but her short legs couldn't put enough distance between them and he was soon caught up to her.

"Ex-lover, remember? I swear to God, Zoe. It's one step forward and a million steps back with you," he said, obvious frustration filling his tone.

She stopped in her tracks. "You think it's fun to watch you with other women? You don't think that your display of affection with your ex-lover didn't humiliate me? My family saw you, Christian."

"I can't help what your mother chooses to watch," he said and even though it was true, it still stung and hurt.

"How would you like to see videos of me and Gabriel kissing? Sex tapes?"

He splayed his arms wide. "I don't have to. Every damn photo of you in that house has Gabriel at your side." His face changed as though he realized what she'd just said. "What sex tapes?"

Only the one you'd mentioned in front of Gabriel, she wanted to say. "It's none of your business," she said with a toss of her hair. There, that should fix him.

The next thing she knew his hands were around her upper arms and he'd propelled her against a tree. The rough bark caught at her hair and tugged painfully at her scalp. He loomed over her, his broad shoulders blocking out the moon. His face was wreathed in shadows, but by some trick of the light, she could see the color of his eyes as they burned in his face.

"How many and with whom?"

"You first or can't you count that high?" His hands were gentle, and she knew instinctively he'd never hurt her.

"Five and the only one whose name I care to remember is yours. Now, will you be adding or subtracting to my number?" His perfect lips thinned as he waited for her response.

She tilted her nose in the air. "One."

"Adding or subtracting, love?"

"Neither," she whispered, not wanting to play any more games with him.

"I swore I wouldn't ask this and that I didn't care, but how many lovers have you had? How many men have touched your beautiful body? How many have plunged deep inside of you, experiencing every little flutter and the lush moans you make when you're completely filled to," He teased the hollow of her throat with an long finger, "here?"

She sucked in a breath, aroused by his words and blatant display of jealousy. "None of your business."

Christian's mouth lowered to hers, brushing over her lips with infinite gentleness. "I promise not to be angry." He raised his head and barked out a laugh, "No, I won't. I can't promise that. Tell me, baby. How many?"

Swallowing hard, she said, "Just you. Happy?"

His mouth dropped open.

She shrugged out of his embrace, ducked under his arm, and left him standing in the space they'd both occupied.

Chapter Thirty-Four

It was past midnight when Christian's Suburban pulled in the drive. The headlights beamed briefly through the front picture window of her house. Her heart tripled its beat.

She clicked the television off and quickly headed to her office, still unwilling and too angry to talk to him. Even after two hours of fuming. Of staring at his clothes in her closet. His shaving kit with her cosmetics. His ridiculous-okay, cute-PEZ collection mixed in with her crystal fairies. The coyote one had looked like he was about to take a bite out of the closest wood sprite, so she'd flicked him over with the tip of her finger.

In less than three weeks' time Christian had made his mark on her home, but it wasn't overpowering. He didn't demand she change anything. Didn't criticize her taste or lack of it, according to her mother. Only blended in as if his things had always been there. As if he had always been there as well.

The door opened and shut, Christian's heavy footsteps coming to a stop.

"Watch it, Miss Wood Sprite. Mr. Coyote will not be happy if you keep teasing him," she heard him say. "There, everyone's as they should be. Cheers."

She shook her head, trying not to be charmed by his antics.

A few seconds later, he stood in the doorway, watching her with hooded eyes.

"Did you have fun with my brothers?" she asked coolly, keeping her fingers moving over the keyboard.

"Actually, it wasn't bad. Heath's a good sort, Logan bought my drinks, and as long as I don't ever turn my back on Luke, I'll keep living to see the next day," he said, his playful mood nothing like the man in the forest. "What are you writing?"

"A scene with Dimitri and Katrina." She tensed, pain starting along the lines of her shoulder blades. Maybe this would be the straw that broke the camel's back. He hadn't said anything about her writing since moving in with her.

"You know, I finished reading your books."

The pain traveled to her neck. "And?"

"I'm quite pleased with how you've portrayed Dimitri." He shoved his hands in his pockets and leaned against one side of the doorframe. "I can see why your fans love him."

"So the fact that I'm continuing the series isn't a deal breaker for you?"

"Do you want it to be?"

She hesitated, mulling over the answers that would make him stay or possibly jumpstart his departure. "I don't want to stop writing something I love." The light in his impossibly beautiful eyes dimmed. "But I don't want to hurt you either."

"I might have overreacted to your confession." One side of his mouth curved up and the pain inside of her eased. "And I don't want to hurt you either. You don't need my permission to write anything. Just...you hurt me."

"I know," she said. "Where does that leave us?"

His smile became wicked. "It leaves me with the expectation that Dimitri will remain your fans' favorite and not that do-gooder Joshua."

"Oh, you do?" She hadn't realized how much she needed his forgiveness, his acceptance and understanding until this moment.

"Dimitri is based on me, after all." He wriggled his brows at her, then moved to stand behind her. His hands came down on her shoulders, massaging her back and working out knots she didn't know existed. "He licked her quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog? I've never heard the female anatomy described quite like that."

"What?" She glanced at her screen. Sure enough she'd written that sentence about ten times in a row, in the middle of a love scene. "Oh that. I always type something silly when I have writer's block."

"There are other ways to get inspired."

"Like?" she asked, then it dawned on her. "Christian!"

"Just trying to help." His thumbs continued to move in lazy circles. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"About what?" she hedged, knowing the subject had moved from fictional characters to them. And that night.

He swiveled her chair around and kneeled before her. "That it was your first time."

"I did tell you." She crossed her arms over her chest.

"As faulty as a man's memory can be, I am actually quite certain I would have remembered the words 'I am a virgin' coming out of your mouth." He took her cold hands in his and rubbed her knuckles. "I was stone cold sober that night. First time in years. Unfortunately, my sobriety didn't last long."

She shifted in her chair. "I told you I'd never done that before. Right before you, um... Oh, you know!" Her cheeks heated and she hated it. Hated how he made her feel like a child while he was some worldly man. Which he was, but she wasn't an ingenue.

He lifted her hands to his lips. The soft stubble above his full upper lip tickled her skin. "I wish I could go back and do things differently."

She frowned. "Why, so you can tell me that you never would have slept with me if you'd known, or you would have brought your A Game?"

"I always bring my A Game, no matter what." He looked so outraged she believed him.

"Get to your point," she said, ready for this mockery of a waiting game to be over. Ready for him to say that putting up with her, her family and her life wasn't worth the headache she'd tried to so hard to give him.

"From now on, you have to be completely honest with me. No more playing games, no more shagging me silly so you don't have to talk to me." His forehead wrinkled as he grimaced. "I take that one back. You may shag me silly any time you like, but-and it pains me greatly to say this-sex isn't enough." He tapped her head. "I want what's hiding in there. I want your wit. I want your thoughts. I want you to put me in my place when I need it. Deflate my enormous ego when it can't fit through the front door. I want all of you, not parts and pieces."

"What if I can't give you that?" Her fear of being rejected her a third time almost too much to live with each day.

"You can. It's a matter of choice, and to show you how much I trust and respect you, there's something you have to know. Two things, actually."

She braced for the worst, fully expecting to find out that he had been with someone else during their separation. Or that he had a love child hidden away somewhere. Good Lord, she was losing her mind.

"Do you remember those pictures I told you about?"

Clutching the arms of her desk chair tight, she nodded.

"They've gone viral, but the media is speculating on whether it's me or Sebastian."

Her stomach twisted. For him. For her.

"But I didn't find out about them until after I'd gotten here. Two days after getting here to be exact. It's very important to me that you to know with absolute certainty that I didn't come here looking for you to save my career or my chances with B.T.S."

She unglued her tongue from the top of her mouth. His statement would be so easy to verify, but if she was going to trust him, she would have to take him at his word. "What was the second?"

"Sasha was the reason, well part of the reason, why we never connected that day. The complete ass**le to a fan-all my doing. I took out my frustrations on you. Not excusing my behavior, but Jaylen had shown up and I was anxious to get rid of her before you got there. It didn't help that you were late."

"I couldn't help it." She pulled away and brushed a strand of hair away from her face.

"I know, sweetheart. Sasha told me that he paid the hairdresser to take his time and somehow managed to block your calls. Or re-route them." He rose to his feet and offered her his hand. "I was waiting for you. Only you. I'd been waiting for you to come back to me since, but-"

"You mean Amber, not me." Hard to believe she could be jealous of herself.

"No, I want the woman sitting in front of me, not the girl from my memories. Come to bed with me."

She hesitated, but his hand remained in its place, outstretched and waiting for hers.

"We're meant to be together, love. No matter what side of the ocean we're on or how my father plots to keep us apart. Take a chance on loving me."

"You had me at 'Watch it, Miss Wood Sprite'." She took his hand, letting him lead her to the bedroom.

She kissed him as soon as they entered the room, her lips missing their mark when he held her away. "Why won't you kiss me?"

"I want to spend some time with you."

"How does kissing not equal that?" she asked, nibbling at the base of his neck. A low groan escaped his lips and she smiled. "Give in to me."

He turned from her, grabbing something off of her dresser before facing her again. Holding up her new iPad, he tilted from side to side. "'Angry Birds', anyone?"

"Fine." She jumped on the bed and fell back against the pillows.

"Are you pouting?"

"No."

"You are," he laughed.

She glared at him, then sighed. "We need snacks."

"I'll be back with sustenance." He returned in less than five minutes with a tray of goodies and joined her on the bed. "You know, this reminds me of our tenth date." Christian popped a grape into his mouth.

"My very own personal aloe spreader," she laughed. "Every woman's dream."

"Did you know I always wanted a dog? But my father never let us have one. Said we didn't have time for it. I suspect he knew animals hated him. He had a stallion named Diablo and the damn thing was mean as hell. Vlad was the only one who could ride him."

"You tried anyway, right?"

"Broke my arm in two places." He pointed out two spots on his left arm. "Had to learn to do everything with my right hand. Guess that's why I'm ambidextrous. Still favor the left though."

She sucked in air through her teeth. "That had to hurt."

"It was worth it. All things worth having are," he said, making her aware of how close he'd scooted to her.

"Jenny Barnes runs the animal shelter out on Highway 64 and she's always looking for prospective parents. We could go check it out sometime, but I think we should start with a plant," she said without thinking and his smile became brilliant. "What?"

He tapped her nose. "You said we."

She looked down at their game. "Are you sure you're not here because your dad has made me forbidden fruit?" The words slipped out before she could contain them. She cringed, waiting for his answer.

He lifted her chin to meet his eyes. "That's a fair question given the dynamic of our relationship. But no, I'm not here because of him. I'm here because I want to be with you. Because I love you and if I have to remind you of it a million times a day, I will."

"Gabriel and I said that to each other all of the time. I thought I meant it, but I've come to realize just how precious those words can be. I don't want you to just say them."

"My sexy word-woman will forever be all about action, eh?"

She nodded as he followed the curves of her lips with his fingertip.

"Give me a second." He left the bed and disappeared into their closet. "When you're ready to tell me that you love me and want me to stay, wear this," he said, emerging with her ring sparkling in his hands. Opening the jewelry box on her dresser, he placed it inside. "The ball's in your court, sweetheart."

She held out her arms to him. "Thank you."

He gently covered her mouth with his own, pulling her to him. She heard the iPad crash to the floor as she rolled under him. His hands fisted in her hair. She clutched at his broad shoulders. Helping him take off shirt, she couldn't stop kissing him. His chest. His throat. His ears. Which she had to nibble on, because it made him groan and grow harder between her thighs.

"You are an enchantress," he whispered.

"And you are my fantasy," she sighed.

He stripped away her pajamas and threw them across the room. Skin on skin met and slid together. His muscled, lean body meeting hers as they took turns being on top, under and finally, Christian laying on his side behind her, his arms around her body and holding her close as he filled her with deep-seated thrusts. "Widen your thighs, love."

She draped a leg over his and he pressed deeper. She tried bearing back against him but it was of no use, he refused to go any faster.

"Give me more," she cried out.

He pressed open-mouth kisses along her neck and cupped her br**sts. "I want to take my time loving you."

"You have me forever." The words were straight from her heart.

"It's not long enough," he said, his hips tilting up and making her moan.

She loved the feel of his thighs against her, the way the muscles of his arms bunched under her cheek when he moved. His scent stole over her, arousing her further, but no matter how much she wiggled against him he wouldn't increase the steady rhythm he'd set.

One of his hands trailed down to the juncture between her thighs, his fingers parting and finding where she throbbed the most with ease. "Give me your hand," he murmured. She did and he laced her fingers with his. "This is what you should do when I can't be with you." He took her fingers and used them to brush at her damp folds.

"Oh my God...that feels so..." Her words escaped in a rush of air.

"You're blushing, aren't you?"

"Maybe a little." It wasn't as though she'd never done this before, but him watching and stroking along with her, made her entire body come alive. "Is that something you like for a woman to do?"

"No, it's what you do, so I like it." He pressed their fingers firmly against her, and she trembled. "I like, no, love that, too. I love your sweet moans, the way your eyes darken when you find your release and the decadent curves of your body."

"Maybe you should be the writer," she laughed, then moaned again when he began to thrust faster.

"I'm content being your lover," he said, his voice sinfully wicked. He quit flexing his hips, holding himself completely still inside of her.

"Why'd you stop?" Frustrated once more, she tried to take matters into her own hands and switch their positions, but his arms tightened around her like bands of steel.

"Because I want your complete attention. With you trapped, you can't run away from me." His lips brush the base of her neck and the back of her head. "Why me, love? Why did you choose to be with me?"

"It was your kiss. The one at New Year's. I'd never been kissed like that in my life. And it was like the Fourth of July. Like seeing the ocean for the first time. Like the first submersion in hot bath water. All of that rolled into one kiss." Despite being firmly impaled by his arousal, she felt a certain bitter-sweetness steal over her. "The second time, when we danced, it was like we fit together so perfectly. I couldn't deny my feelings. Which at the time I thought were borderline crazy. Who falls in love at first sight, anyway?"

He brushed the side of her face with his fingers, turning her to face him. "Me." His smile was tender, the look in his eyes adoring before he closed them and pressed his lips, feathery light, over hers. "You were my dream come true. An angel sent to me. Completely mine and mine alone. I remember every touch, every sigh, the feel of your soft hands as they clutched at my arms. The way your back arched when I first thrust into you. Your perfect br**sts and delectable ni**les. Jesus, Zoe, you brought me to my knees that night. I worshiped you. You were my personal goddess. Every woman has been weighed and measured against you. They all fell short. Again and Again." He searched her face, his expression intense. "And now..."

"Now what?" she asked in a whisper. She didn't trust herself to speak any louder.

"I love you. In whatever disguise you come to me, I love you. Whatever name you choose, I love you," he repeated and his erotic assault began anew.

He flexed his hips faster and she buried her face in his arm. His movements were almost to the point of pounding inside of her. Her body tightened and strained for the climax just out of her reach.

"Now come for me, Zoe," he said. "Show me with your body how much you love me, even if you can't say the words."

She did. Again and again.

***

After showing the contractor around the second floor of her house, Zoe headed out to the small balcony at the back. Feeling rather like Juliet, she leaned over the side and stared at her husband. His golden hair gleamed in the sun and his smile lit up the cloudless day.

"Romeo, Romeo," she whispered.

Her Romeo worked alongside a landscaping crew as they expanded flowerbeds and added her favorite ornamental trees. He stopped long enough to have a few words with the contractor before the man left for the day.

Christian turned and shielded his eyes from the sun. He grinned at her, broke off a large snowball of a blossom and bounded toward her. "My Juliet. I would deny my father and be your sworn love," he shouted and tossed the purple flower up in the air.

Catching it, she lifted the soft petals to her nose and breathed deeply. "Then I'm no longer a Capulet. I am," she paused and stared down into his blue eyes. "Yours."

He disappeared and she heard the screen door slam, his feet upon her stairs and she laughed with joy. She ran to meet him, colliding in the hall and they fell to the floor in a tangle of arms and clothes. And laughter.

"Happy to see your husband?"

"What took you so long?" she asked between kisses. "I had to wait ten whole seconds for you."

"I'll be prompt from now on." His hand slid up her thigh. Her soft skin was silk and he was hard as steel.

"You'd better," she whispered as his mouth found hers.

Chapter Thirty-Five

For a man who was used to not getting home until dawn and then sleeping the night off, mornings were quickly becoming Christian's favorite time of day. Presently, he was tangled up in Zoe. His thigh wedged between hers, her arm under his neck and his around the sweet curves of her waist.

Placing soft kisses along her neck, he worked his way up to the rim of her ear and gently bit down. She practically purred in response and rubbed her bare br**sts against his chest, her tight ni**les scorching his skin.

"You're going to be late, sweetheart." He tightened his arms around her for a moment, then skimmed the sides of her body.

She sighed lustily. "Kiss me."

He found her lips, her kisses drugging, addicting. Just like the first time. Just like every time. He wedged his thigh deeper, spreading her legs. They fell open. Moisture from her damp curls seeped into the skin of his thigh. "You're wet for me."

Her hand glided down to his groin, wrapping her fingers around the base of his c**k and stroking. "Always."

His cell rang, playing a specific ringtone, and he groaned. He had to answer this call. Reluctantly, he reached for it and said by way of apology, "It's Martha. She's threatened to cut me off if I don't answer."

"Please, she's all bark and no bite."

"That's because she likes you," he said with a laugh. "You don't cause her problems. Just make her money."

"I'm getting in the shower." She slid from the bed and walked to the bathroom, casting a heavy-lidded look in his direction. "You can join me when you're done."

His c**k twitched in response. Oh, he'd be there all right. He managed to press the talk button before the call went to voice mail. "Good morning, most brilliant of agents."

"Do you plan to use your timely reunion with my niece to your advantage?" Martha's gravelly voice came in loud and clear over the phone.

"Jesus, first Sasha and now you. Let me make this clear for all parties involved: I am not and will not use Zoe to advance my career or save my ass." Silence met his statement.

Then he heard Brennen shout in the background, "Oh, come on, Violet. Stop doing that."

"Brennen, if I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times: leave Violet alone. If she wants your help, she'll ask for it," Martha shouted back.

Holy hell, had the woman finally entered the twenty-first century and gotten a phone with speaker capabilities?

"But she keeps banging on the computer screen," Brennen complained.

"I was pretending it was you," came Violet's saccharine reply.

"Ready and willing, lass,"

"Good God, I'm not running a daytime soap-or a daycare," Martha groused. He heard a door slam. "Now back to you."

"Thanks for remembering I'm here." He flicked his eyes to the bathroom door. The shower was running and he could only imagine what his wife looked like with water glistening all over her curvy little body.

"You're not going to like what I have to say. It won't be pretty," Martha said.

He exhaled as a knot formed in his gut. "It never is."

***

Zoe found Christian in bed with his hands behind his head as he stared at the ceiling, seemingly deep in thought. His golden chest gleamed in the morning sun, the rose tattoo a delicate contrast to the lean musculature of his body. He was almost too pretty, too beautiful for a man, and at times it made her completely self-conscious.

She rummaged through her dresser, searching for panties and a bra.

"Come here," came Christian's voice, low and sinful in the otherwise silent room.

After slipping on a pair of panties, she turned to face him. "I-I," she stuttered, watching as he drew the covers down his body and peered through his gold tipped lashes at her. Pale blue eyes darkened and her heart did a summersault in her chest. He was hard and ready for her.

"Come here now."

"But I'll be late," she protested weakly.

He threw his legs over the side of the bed. She backed against the wall, sliding along it as he advanced.

"I have other plans for you." His gait was smooth. Lean hips rolling and thighs flexing in tandem.

Her eyes widen. "You already had your chance."

She turned to run from him, but he caught her by the elbow. "Do you want me to chase you?" His grip tightened, then let her go. "Run, but be prepared for when I catch you."

She gave a little laugh, but when she looked up at him, his face was dark, dangerous. Almost the same as when he found out about her lying to him. "Is there something wrong?"

He gave her a small nod. "Only you can fix it. Me."

She laid her hand on his chest. His heart beat wildly beneath her fingertips. "You're not broken," she said firmly. What he needed was for someone to love him without conditions. Without throwing his past in his face. Or his bad decisions. The ring he placed in her jewelry box seemed to call to her. But it wasn't time. Not yet. Not before she gave him one of his own.

"I've been dropped from your film, from every ad campaign and endorsement, and I've been asked to sever all ties with B.T.S. To say it was a rumor that I would be in the fall PSA's. I was also outed as their anonymous donor. They don't want my money anymore either. For all intents and purposes, I am persona non grata. Not that I can blame them." His eyes dropped to the floor.

Zoe brushed back a lock of golden hair that had fallen over his brow. "But you're their biggest donor."

"I'm their biggest liability."

"Well, it's not right." She crossed her arms over her chest.

His features smoothed out and it felt as if a great energy had left the room. His body. "Go to your dance class, love. I'll be fine."

"No, class can wait." She grabbed his hand and led him back to their bed. She gestured for him to get in and climbed in after him. Wrapping her arms around him, she pulled him to her and stroked his hair. "Everything will be okay." How her heart ached for him. She knew his career didn't matter to him as much as working with B.T.S.

He let out a harsh laugh. "It's not, love. Almost everything I care about has been taken from me and I can't do a damn thing about it."

"I'm so sorry," she whispered, tightening her arms around him. She could only imagine how he must be feeling. Everything he'd worked so incredibly hard for gone in a matter of the twenty minutes it'd taken her to shower. "We'll get through this-together. Come what may."

"I don't deserve you," he said, his voice raw.

She shook her head, her eyes filling with tears for him. For his lack of confidence the world never saw or even imagined. For every mean thing his father had said or done to him. For his estranged relationship with his brother. For the mother that had deserted him.

"I'm getting out of my contract with Peak. If they don't want you, then I don't want them."

"There's no reason to do that," he said. "Hold me instead."

"I'll never let you go," she promised.

Chapter Thirty-Six

Leaving the antique store on Broad Street, Christian turned the package over and read the description on the back before righting it again. "I can't believe you found them," he said, awestruck.

"I'm so happy you like them." Zoe gave him a big grin. "One of Mr. Nesbit's contacts had it in his store in Manteo."

"How long did it take to find them?" The PEZ Elvises tilted to one side. When she didn't immediately answer, he stopped walking and grabbed her shoulder. "I have to know, love. I've looked for these for years."

"Almost three weeks," she said, quickly looking down.

"But that would mean you'd asked him right after I got here."

A telltale blush stained her cheeks. "I called him after agreeing to your challenge."

"You are incredibly sweet," he said, dropping his hands. No one had ever given him a present like this. Not since his mother had started his collection and obsession with his first one. Christian rubbed the back of his head and winced.

"Still hurts?" she asked, pressing a quick kiss to his cheek. "I'd hoped the Elvis surprise would help with the pain. Not that I'd planned for you to be in pain after coming to my dance lessons."

"I've a bloody knot. Who would've thought an eighty year old woman could have such a wicked curveball?" he mused. "And with a fuzzy slipper?"

"Miss Florence didn't mean to hit you. She wanted to dance with a stud-muffin," she teased.

"She was all hands. I felt like a piece of meat." He shuddered, making her laugh until they came face to face with her ex. "Gabriel." Always awkward running into an ex, but this guy was harmless when it came to Zoe. Christian didn't get the I-want-my-woman-back vibe from him.

"Christian." He gave them both a tight smile. "Zoe."

"Hi, Gabe," Zoe said.

Gabriel rubbed the back of his neck. "I'm not going to spy on you or do a tell-all."

"Why would you?" she asked, her brow furrowing.

"But you've been asked," Christian said, his suspicions confirmed. Call him a cynic but there were very few people in this world that would turn down millions of dollars for a few minutes of "work".

Gabriel nodded once. "I can't be bought."

Score one for the good guys left in the world.

She gave Christian a wide-eyed look. "I didn't think they'd bother anyone else."

At that moment he felt ancient. "Love, they'd bother your grandmother on her deathbed."

Gabriel shifted from side to side, his gaze to the street closet to them, Ivy Lane. "Thought you should know."

"Thanks." Christian meant it and maybe if he hadn't been so in love with the woman at his side, or less selfish, he would tell her that she deserved a man like Gabriel.

Gabriel ambled away.

"Something's wrong with him," Zoe said as they walked to her car. "Before you came back, he wanted my advice on something."

"You don't know what?"

"No." She took a deep breath. "I've only seen him like this once or twice before and each time it seemed to have something to do with-"

"I don't care about his problems. All I care about is you" Christian crushed her to him, kissing the top of her head. "I'm sure Gabriel can figure out everything on his own." He opened her door.

"I guess you're right," she said, then slid in the passenger seat.

He closed the door behind her and jogged around to the driver's side. Once inside, he closed his door and buckled his seatbelt. "I have to go to Paris tomorrow. It's been months in the making. A stag party for a certain ginger-haired prince." The Camaro's engine revved and he made a U-Turn in the street.

Her mouth fell open. "Prince Ha-"

He laughed. "No, not that one, but there's every possibility you'll eventually have to attend something with him there. My mother's a Lady and my father claims the whole Romanov Prince bit. He even bought an English title and all its entailments."

"What does that make you?"

"Nothing. Second son, remember?"

"Stop saying that."

He shifted into fifth gear and covered her hand with his. "Almost forgot your penchant for the runts of the litter."

He heard her snort. "There's nothing little about you. Then again I don't have anything to compare it to, so I might be a wee bit biased."

"Your compliments leave much to be desired." He gave her a sidelong glance. She was biting her lower lip and trying not to laugh. "Anyway, I'll have to be at the airport no later than two am."

"How long will you be gone?" she asked, her voice a bit thin to his ears.

All things considered, his wife was taking the news rather well. "Five days, but if I can leave earlier, I will."

She snatched her hand away. "The bachelor party is for almost a week?"

Okay, so she wasn't taking it well at all. "It's rather touchy when one deals with Royalty. They're quite moody and love ceremony. Bloody, boring ceremony." He turned off the car and turned to face her, mentally willing her to understand. To have faith in him.

"And a 'round the world menu of women on hand helps pass the time. I'm sure they'll cater to your every need so you won't be bloody bored." She got out of the car and ran inside of their house.

He found her in her hiding place or as she liked to call it-her office. She was standing in front of the new shelves that had been recently installed and staring at them.

She'd already filled the new space up with more books, more crystal fairies-he'd tucked in a pirate PEZ dispenser in the middle to balance things out-and framed pictures. That was his favorite addition. All the photos of Zoe and him. It made him feel like he belonged. This house felt more like home to him than any place he'd ever lived before, but he suspected it had more to do with its owner than the actual structure.

"It's not like that," he began, then stopped. It sure as hell was like that and his wife wasn't an idiot, nor did she deserve to be treated like one. "I know how to say no." He knew that he could say no a thousand times to any woman, but Zoe.

"I know you do," she said softly, turning to face him. "I'm sorry for snapping at you."

"I shouldn't have sprung it on you like this, but in all honesty, I didn't want anything interrupting our time together. Actually, I thought that by ignoring it, I could get out of it." He leaned against her desk and crossed his arms. "I got a text from Sasha during your dance class and it quickly dispelled any notions of that."

"Is he going, too?"

"It's going to be a great big family affair. Even my father's invited."

She pulled a face. "Sounds great."

He laughed. "You'd never make it as an actress."

"Couldn't you just say you're sick?"

"Unfortunately, no. Look, I'm going to have security flown in. Today reminded me of just how persistent the paparazzi can be." It was true. Being in Holland Springs had lulled him. Another surprise as he'd always been the one looking for the next party. The next adrenaline rush. The next high. He'd never been content to stay in one place. Not until Zoe.

The sound of a car pulling up in the drive way had him walking over to the window and peering out. "What the hell?" He watched his cousin jog up the front porch steps. Turning to his attention back to his wife, he said, "I think Sasha's here to apologize."

"I doubt that."

"He can't help the position he's in."

Her hands fluttered in the air. "I know, but all I can think of is I had to go almost five years without you."

"You loved me all that time?"

She ducked her head. "I'm not an obsessed fangirl. Just don't go looking on my hard drive. I might have sneaked a peek at you some time or another."

He crooked his finger under chin, lifting it. "I might have stared at the pictures of you from that night a time or two myself."

Her eyes rounded. "Really?"

Sasha knocked on the front door, but he ignored him. "I'm only going to say this once, but the girl that captivated me turned into the woman that captured my heart. However, if you don't want it, I'll wear it proudly on my sleeve for all to see."

She gave him a shy smile. "It's not your heart you're wearing, it's-"

"For the love of God, you two, stop with the talking," Sasha grumbled, appearing in Zoe's office without being invited in the house.

"Have I ever told you, Sasha, that your timing sucks?"

"Stealing my line, are you?" Christian asked.

She lifted a shoulder. "I tweaked it a bit."

"Sorry, dear, but I need your man," Sasha chimed in.

"Get one of your own."

Sasha scrubbed his hand across his face, drawing attention to a cut on his swollen bottom lip. Who'd ever popped his cousin in the mouth had a hell of a punch. "I like women. All shapes, sizes and races. Twenty-one and up."

"I know, you're like the UN of dating. Must be nice to have a choice or the chance to be with whomever you want," she said, her hands clenching into fists.

Christian stepped in between them. He was half-tempted to let Zoe throw a punch at Sasha. "Calm down, wildcat. I roughed him up good before I came out here."

She blinked up at him. "You did?"

"He damned near drowned me-to say nothing of what he did to my hair," Sasha said with a slight grimace.

Christian eyed him in disbelief. "You'd just woken up."

"By almost drowning me!"

"Quit being a pus-" Christian remembered that his wife was standing there. "Pansy."

Sasha laughed at him. "Got you by the short-hairs, eh?"

"No, he has manners. Ever heard of them?" Zoe fisted her hands on her hips.

It was times like this that he couldn't possibly love her more, but he did. Her defense of him was amazingly sweet. And completely undeserved.

"Why are you here, Alexander?"

"Well, Vlad," Sasha said and Christian flipped him off, manners be damned. "I texted you the wrong time and date. We have to leave at three. This afternoon."

"How in the hell am I supposed to give my wife a proper good bye with only," Christian glanced at his watch, "thirty minutes warning?"

Sasha rubbed his chin. "Well, you could start by not talking so damn much and getting right to it." Sasha made a motion with his hand and hips.

Christian pointed a finger at him. "Go wait in the car."

"Yes, your highness. Whatever you say, your highness." Sasha gave them a proper bow and sauntered off, whistling as if he hadn't a care in the world.

"I think he's lost his mind," she said.

"I think his idea has merit," Christian said and lifted her in his arms. He made it to their room in record time and threw her on the bed, joining her as he worked at the buttons of her shirt, but to his surprise she pushed him away.

"Wait, you'll make me forget," she said, scooting out from under him.

He rolled to his side and propped a hand up under his head.

She searched through her top drawer. "I was going to wait to give this to you, but now it seems like the right moment." She whirled around, her orange pleated skirt flaring out as she did. "Close your eyes."

He did but not before he saw a small box in her hands.

The bed dipped slightly under her weight and she kneed him in the stomach. "Whoops, I'm sorry!" A swift kiss to his belly had him reaching for her and she tumbled on top of him with a laugh. "Open your eyes."

The box had been replaced with a man's ring. The same one he'd given her almost five years ago. She'd kept it?

"I hope you don't mind, but I had our initials engraved on the inside. This ring deserves a second chance. Just like us."

He blinked, unable to get out any words as she slipped the ring on his finger.

Her smile became uncertain and a worried frown replaced it. "If you don't want to wear it, I'll understand." She shook her head. "Okay, so I lied. I really, really want you to wear this. I want everyone to see that you belong to me and-"

Cutting her off with a kiss, he proceeded to show her exactly who he belonged to.

Chapter Thirty-Seven

Melanie leaned back on the wood and glass counter, giving Zoe a mischievous smile. "How are things going?"

"Fine," Zoe said, paying for their desserts. Wasn't that the understatement of the year?

"You have a hot person of the male kind sleeping with you every night and it's only fine?" Melanie took a sip of her milkshake and followed Zoe out to the sidewalk.

The spring weather made the day sunny and warm. Residents of Holland Springs shopped in the bustling downtown, waving and nodding as they passed one another.

Zoe tilted her head to the side and nibbled on her bottom lip. "Okay, it's more than fine. I didn't think he'd actually still be here, you know?"

"A man doesn't show up to eat crow without a very good reason. Christian could be with anyone in the entire world, but he's here. With you. Just in case you weren't sure," Melanie pointed out. "Even if he's at a bachelor party in Paris."

"Don't remind me."

"Have more self-confidence in yourself and give him a little credit."

Zoe chewed on her straw. "I gave him the ring."

"Does he know you're wearing his?" Melanie asked.

Glancing at her hand, Zoe wished she'd actually had the nerve to put the antique ring on before he'd left. But coward that she was, she waited until that night and didn't even show to him when they had talked over Skype. "No, I want to surprise him with it when he gets back."

"So it's official, he can stay?"

Taking a deep breath, Zoe looked at her best friend and gave her a big smile. "Yes."

Melanie squeezed her tight. "You won't be sorry, Z. Not this time. I can feel it."

They walked down Broad Street's sidewalk and took a left onto Ivy Lane. Carolina Dreams' familiar bright yellow door was propped open. One of the three Holland sisters stood outside, writing on a chalkboard display.

Auburn hair gleamed in the sun and Skye Holland turned, tossing Zoe and Melanie a cheerful smile. "I have your belly butter ready, Melanie." Skye motioned for them to follow her inside.

"Did you know I have to hide it from Carter?" Melanie asked as she waddled to the back of the store.

"He doesn't like you using the sisters' concoctions?" Zoe frowned at her retreating form.

"Oh, no, he loves it," Melanie said, handing her credit card to Skye. "So much that he eats it out of the jar."

Zoe smothered a giggle.

Skye's eyes danced with mirth. "It's completely safe for humans and animals." She held the glass jar up to the light. "All natural, homegrown ingredients. And we recycle."

"Have you taken him, Zoe?" Rose Holland asked, appearing beside her sister and making Zoe start. With long, curly black hair and fair skin, Rose had always reminded Zoe of Snow White. But if one listened to the town gossip, the Holland sisters were more like the witch. Only without the poisoned apples.

Melanie snorted. "I know she's taken him."

"Get your mind out of the gutter." Zoe lightly tapped her sister-in-law on the arm. "She's talking about the springs."

Melanie's brown eyes widened. "Oooh, I can't wait to see how that turns out. Carter and I had amazing sex there. Mind-blowing, make you want to slap his momma sex."

Zoe made puking motions with her hands and mouth. She so did not want to hear about her sister-in-law and her brother.

"If you want to know, Zoe, that's where you'll find your answers." Rose tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.

"It's just a legend," Zoe said. "Besides, I already know he loves me."

"Did you and Gabriel ever find it?" Skye asked, handing Melanie a receipt.

"No." She had thought Gabriel would have loved to go hiking through the woods, looking for an elusive pool of water that the town was named after. Instead, he'd complained the entire time and after an hour of searching, Zoe had given up. They'd been right out of college, before they'd broken up for the second time and she had moved to California.

Rose's ocean-blue eyes held a look of pity. "That's not why you didn't find it."

"Tell me what I did wrong," Zoe snapped, then she sighed and laid a hand on Rose's arm. "Sorry, I'm just..."

"Afraid," Skye chimed in and looked at her older sister.

"Maybe a little," Zoe admitted.

Rose's hand covered Zoe's. "The path to true love is never easy. Nothing worth having ever is. And remember, Summer and I never told you to go looking for it with Gabriel."

Melanie nodded in agreement. "You know what they say: no guts, no glory."

"Fine." Zoe threw her free hand up in the air, smacking a wind chime and making it play discordant notes. "Oh, crap. I'm sorry."

Rose's eyes cut to the chimes. The tune changed, giving Zoe and judging by Melanie's loud sigh, a sense of peace.

"Summer said to tell you to go the day after tomorrow," Skye said, reading from her cell phone. "You know where to start?"

Zoe nodded. She knew the legend by heart. "By the intertwined dogwoods at Strawberry Grove."

"He has to take the lead. You have to trust him, because love is nothing without it," Rose said. She came around the counter and gave Zoe a large basket. "Take this with you."

"Whenever he comes back, I'll take him." Zoe bounced up and down on the pads of her feet as the two Holland sisters gave her identical raised brows. "I know, I know. The day after tomorrow." Zoe glanced at her sister-in-law. "Ready to go?"

Melanie shook her cup. "Yep, I need a re-fill."

"You're going to turn into a milkshake," Zoe said.

Melanie shrugged. "You just wait until you're pregnant. Then we'll see what you crave. Fish and chips, maybe? Or spotted dick?"

"Oh, good Lord, Melanie. I don't know how Carter puts up with you," Zoe said with a laugh.

Paparazzi ambushed them as they walked out of the Hollands' store. Reporters peppered her with questions and shoved pictures of Christian in her face. Ignoring the group, she propelled Melanie back inside and locked the door behind them.

"What the hell was that?" Melanie asked, her hand placed protectively over her belly.

"Asshats of the major kind," Zoe said.

After thirty minutes all but one had left. She scowled at him. He was the same reporter who'd said she dated all the guys who'd auditioned for her movies. Slimeball. He plopped his skinny butt down on the bench outside and pulled out a sandwich, tearing at it with uneven teeth.

"Gross." Melanie's face turned an alarming shade of green.

He chewed with his mouth open. Whole globs of what looked like chicken salad splattered his stained t-shirt.

Skye and Rose joined them at the front of the store.

"We could get rid of him for you," Rose offered. The bangles on her arms clicked together as she moved an ivy plant out of their way.

Zoe eyed them, wondering if Rose could order some for her.

"I'll have some in tomorrow. In your favorite colors," Skye said, her auburn hair swinging. She repositioned jars and bottles on display in an ancient hutch. The Holland sisters could always be counted on for three things: their potions and their love advice. The third one wasn't worth repeating. Stupid town gossips.

"No," Zoe said, an idea coming to mind. "This is something I have to do for myself." It was risky and maybe even foolish, but dammit she wasn't going to be called a fool for love for nothing. "Wish me luck, y'all."

Taking a deep breath, Zoe unlocked the door and stepped outside.

Chapter Thirty-Eight

If Christian had to bow one more time while mumbling something about being honored to be there, he was going to sit his arse down in the nearest chair and remain there for the duration of his stay. Protocol be damned. His father's barely concealed looks of don't-fuck-this-up be damned as well.

"At least you haven't forgotten your manners," Vladimir said.

They strode toward the billiards room, keeping a respectable distance from the His Royal Gingerness. At least that's what Christian and Sasha called Prince Damien in private. They knew the man hated his nickname and used it at every opportunity to remark on anything remotely resembling the red shade of Damien's hair. Whoever saw and said it first, punched the other. It was a game they'd played since primary school.

"Would you look at that ginger vase?" Christian punched his cousin in the side.

Sasha let out an omph and earned a scathing look from Vladimir.

For once Sebastian was late, but Christian knew it had to be due to some kind of perceived financial meltdown. Protocol was the air his brother breathed. Punctuality his bread and water. Romanov Industries, his mistress. A cold bed, that.

"Alexander, go fetch something," Vladimir said with an edge to his voice.

"A glass of port, milord?" Sasha asked, sounding ridiculously subservient.

"Out," Vladimir shouted, making the line of men in front of them pause and turn their way.

"He needs his own special rod to play with, during billiards," Christian said with unholy glee.

The Prince and his companions nodded thoughtfully and resumed their pace.

Christian cast a look his father's way. It was rare to see his father so overcome. Spittle actually gathered at the corners of his mouth, making him look like a rabid dog.

"Do you know what an embarrassment you are to this family? To me? Your brother? You're the reason why Francesca left in the first place," Vladimir hissed at him.

Christian laced his hands behind his back and kept a bland expression. "No, she found you having sex with her sister."

"If you had bothered to inform me of Francesca's early return, she'd never have found out," Vladimir said, his indignation palatable.

"I was twelve. Surely, you could found a better look-out than a pre-adolescent boy."

"Same tune, different day," said a familiar voice.

Christian whirled around and made a face, his sharp retort gone. "Who the hell helped you dress?"

Sebastian glanced down at his suit, smoothing an invisible wrinkle. "Alexander had it sent over. Why?"

"Have you looked in the mirror? At us? Bloody hell, man," Christian said and gestured to his clothing.

The look on Sebastian's face could only be described as incredulous. "He's dressed us like we're still in short pants."

"Looking like me does have its benefits," Christian smirked.

"Would you shut your vulgar mouth, Christian?" Vladimir growled as he turned around. "Good God, who's who?"

Christian turned to his brother and raised his brows. Sebastian's eyes flashed with humor. Though it had been years since they'd last pulled this of prank and the consequences had been more than painful, they gave their father the same grin.

"You tell us," they said simultaneously.

"I'm not playing this stupid game. One of you change." Vladimir stalked off.

Sebastian shoved his hands in his pockets and rocked back on his heels. "All he had to do was look at our hands."

"Admiring my new hardware, were you?" Christian wriggled his fingers. "Sorry, you'll have to get your own."

"No thanks. I'm not getting married until I'm at least thirty-five."

"Is it in your business contract with Father?"

"Was it in yours?"

"Touche." Christian inclined his head. "Shall we continue to torture him?"

"His head's likely to explode," Sebastian said.

"And how's that different from any other day I'm around?"

Sebastian raised a brow. "But you get to leave. I'll go change."

Before his brother could leave, their father came storming back and grabbed both of them by the arm. "I actually don't give a damn which one of you is which, but by God one of you will tell me who the low-class chit belongs to."

The image paused on the giant flat screen confirmed his worst fear: Zoe being harassed by paparazzi. Someone pressed rewind, then play on the DVR. His wife's beautiful face lit up the room.

"Don't you have sisters? Or a mother? How would you like it if someone was being ugly to them?" One small hand fisted on her hip, her finger nearly poking the man's chest.

"Being ugly?" Sebastian muttered.

Christian shrugged. "I've been meaning to teach her better insults, but hadn't had the time."

"Lady, I'd sell my grandma out if she was doing an A-Lister accused of snorting coke."

Her lips thinned. Holy hell, she was going to let Ed Willis have it. "You should be ashamed of yourself."

Christian groaned. Couldn't she have, at the very least, called him an asshat? Something, anything had to be better than goading the man.

The rail thin reporter stepped closer. "Is this your husband in these pictures? Are there some of you that will surface next? Do you have a drug problem, Mrs. Romanov? Is that the real reason you're trying to protect him." He leered at her and Christian clenched his hands into his fists, ready to do major violence. "How much is your silence worth?"

She backed away, her face growing pale.

Christian looked at his father. "She's a problem?" He snatched the remote and turned up the volume, his heart pounding so loudly in his chest that he could barely hear himself think.

Mistaking Christian's question for agreement, Vladimir loosened his tie. "Wait for it, Sebastian. Your brother's outdone himself with this one. Perhaps I should have you marry the Von Lichtenstein girl instead of Princess Mary-Margret Helene."

"Marry the Princess? You can't mean it. After all I've done for you. For our family." Sebastian's eyes narrowed as he flushed along the bridge of his nose.

"What you've done?" their father said, seemingly uncaring of their audience. "The only thing you've been good for is keeping our name in the news. If it weren't for me, this family's finances would have disappeared long ago."

Christian tried to keep track of both conversations, but his wife was his top priority. Come this evening, he was leaving. He didn't care if he became persona non grata in this world either. He mentally commanded Zoe to leave as well, but she didn't.

The reporter advanced, backing her against Carolina Dreams' yellow front door. "Ian Romanov has left you again, and this isn't the first time. It's not even the second."

Pretty green eyes became like DVDs.

Christian's jaw started to tick and he spared his father a glance. It had been rather convenient that the press showed up just as he left, and that his father just happened to turn the television to the right channel.

"He used you, tracked you down and used you again. Face it, sweetheart, you picked a worthless piece of-" The last word was bleeped out but he and everyone else knew what the reporter had called him.

"My sentiments exactly," Vladimir said.

Suddenly, Zoe got right in Willis' face. She held up one finger and shouted, "This is what I think of him." She looked straight into the camera and held it closer, making Christian's mouth drop open. "As for you," she said to the reporter who was now standing off screen. "Bless your heart!" Then she flipped her hair over her shoulder and walked away, the muffled sound of bells ringing from the hem of her skirt. She was magnificent.

"Not only is she shouting her location to everyone, but she used the wrong finger," Sasha drawled. "However, her exit was glorious."

Christian made to leave, trying to contain the euphoria building inside of him, threatening to go off like a nuclear explosion. "If you'll excuse me," he said with a downward tilt of his head toward the Prince.

"Don't go so soon, Sebastian, I have some phone calls you need to make," Vladimir said to Christian with an approving pat on the back. "I know you're not exactly on board with forming an alliance with the Princess, but her holdings are key to our expansion into-"

"That's right. Those pictures are of me, Sebastian Romanov, not my brother. All further questions can be fielded through my lawyers." Christian heard his brother say, making their father pause.

"What kind of stunt are you trying to pull, Christian? Is it not enough you've besmirched your own name?" Vladimir said. "I wish to God I'd sent you off to live with Francesca when she begged and pleaded for her boys."

Sebastian pulled his arm back and let it fly, hitting Vladimir square in the face. He went down like a ton of bricks. "I'm Sebastian, you blind son of a bitch."

"How could you? You're the son I love." Vladimir moaned, holding his jaw.

"You only love yourself." Sebastian leaned down to hit him again, but Christian pulled him back.

"He's not worth it." Christian said flatly. "Or I'd have done it years ago."

"I'm bloody tired of doing your bidding. And I'm sure as hell not marrying a woman twenty years older with a face like welder's bench and twenty mutts constantly yapping in my ear." He smoothed the fabric of his jacket and ran his fingers through his hair, looking more and more like the in-control brother Christian was used to seeing.

"Well done, Bastian, well done," Christian said, using the childhood nickname he'd given his brother.

His pale blue eyes bore into Christian's. "Go home to your wife and have a dozen babies. Be happy. Just don't expect me to be a part of your life. I'm done with this poor excuse of a family." Sebastian started to stride away.

"You didn't have to do that. Well, he had the punch coming, but not the other," Christian said his voice thick with emotion.

Sebastian turned and gave him a sad smile. "I am the elder brother."

"By four minutes, Sebastian. By four damn minutes," Christian reminded his twin.

"About time the two of you made up." Sasha's moss green eyes were mocking.

"You know, Alexander, I think it's time you took care of Vladimir," Sebastian said after a moment.

Sasha eyed the man sprawled on the marble floor. Vladimir yelled for a bag of ice. "While I think it's time for me to take a bloody holiday."

***

The last person Zoe expected to see sitting in her living room was her mother-in-law. Well, with the way the woman sat, it was more like holding court. Zoe had the absurd notion to curtsy, but instead she gave Lady Francesca a small smile. "It's nice to finally meet you. Even if you broke into my house to do it." Okay, so maybe that wasn't the best way to start off, but the woman was waiting for her. She hadn't been invited.

Zoe eyed the two men standing guard in her foyer. They each had an earpiece and wore sunglasses like a character straight of The Matrix or in the Mafia. She wasn't sure which was worse. Or scarier.

Cornflower blue eyes raked her up and down, making Zoe wish she had on something different. Something without coins on the hem and not the bright shade of lime sherbet ice cream.

"You're not what I expected." Her voice was soft, modulated and very proper. Francesca Romanov dressed every inch the lady she was, making Zoe feel like what the cat dragged in.

Zoe picked at a sequin on her skirt. Two of the coins clinked together and her mother-in-law's eyes widened.

"How lovely. Is that by Garvene?"

Who? "It's by Target," Zoe said, giving the "get" syllable the faux-French treatment.

A manicured hand patted pale blonde hair. "Oh, I haven't heard of him. Is that a new designer?"

Zoe felt a sudden need to giggle. She wasn't sure if the woman was making fun of her, or if this was like the time Christian told her he didn't know what Cracker Barrel was. She hoped it was the latter, since she didn't have any desire to be ticked off at his mom. Well, no more than she was already.

"Oh, it's an American designer," she said, then changed the subject. "Christian isn't here. He's at a bachelor party for Prince-"

"Damien," Francesca said with a small nod. "Yes, I know where my sons are, but I came here to see you."

Zoe sat down on the couch beside her and pulled a pillow into her lap. "I'm all ears."

"I wanted to make sure Christian is happy and that the woman he picked to marry wasn't, well, like me."

"There's no comparison between the two of us," Zoe said, concentrating on the thread work on the decorative pillow.

Startled by the cool hand placed over hers, Zoe looked up at her mother-in-law.

"Christian's always had a mind of his own and when he wants something, there's no turning back. He's was that way as a child. So determined, yet so caring." Francesca's face softened. "Did you know he used to compose a song for me every Mother's Day?"

How could this woman have given up her children? "No, I didn't. He doesn't talk about that or you."

A small laugh escaped Francesca. "I don't imagine he does. You have to understand. I'm not allowed to have contact with him or Sebastian."

"How is that possible?" Zoe asked. "You're their mother and still married to their dad."

"Technically, we're separated, but if I don't want the money to stop, then I can't have any contact. However, Vladimir said nothing about seeing you." Francesca looked very pleased at the notion of having outwitted her husband.

Anger rose inside of her chest, hot and fast. Was there no one in his family that loved him unconditionally? "You choose money over your children?"

"Unlike you, darling, I have no career skills. Oh, I can paint a lovely watercolor and even sing, but other than that I'm purely ornamental." Francesca drew her hand back. "It was what I went to finishing school for. To be a rich man's wife."

"Are you serious? This is the twenty-first century. Women don't do that anymore."

"Really? What do you suppose Princess Catherine learned to do all that time Prince William was courting her? Or when they were planning the wedding of the century? Expanding her horizons? Buckling down on a career path?"

"They both went to St. Andrews and graduated together," Zoe pointed out.

Francesca rose to her feet in one graceful moment. "Please tell Christian that I love and wish him the best." She glided to the front door, pausing. "Take better care of him than I did. Perhaps when children come you'll send me photos? I've left my card on the mantle, between the coyote and the wood sprite."

"I'll invite you to every birthday party and holiday," Zoe said with a graciousness she didn't remotely feel. The faster this woman left her house, the better.

"And I'll politely decline, darling." Another pause. "But do send them anyway." Francesca sailed out of Zoe's house and into the white Mercedes parked in the driveway.

Feeling very thankful for the parents she had, Zoe picked up the phone and called them.

Chapter Thirty-Nine

Last night as Zoe talked to Christian, she'd been relieved when he hadn't mentioned her run-in with the paparazzi. He'd sounded tired and their phone call hadn't last that long at all. She was so ready for him to come home. According to the Holland sisters he would be here today, but he would have told her if he'd planned on cutting his trip short.

With a sigh, she began typing her next chapter.

Someone pounded on her door.

"Just a minute," she yelled.

The pounding grew louder and longer.

Clicking on save, she rose from her desk with a huff. "Hold your horses." Jogging to her little foyer, she opened the door and frowned. "What do you want?"

"If that wasn't the dumbest thing I'd ever seen on T.V., I don't know what is," Luke said to Zoe.

"Maybe you need to watch your own show, Dr. LA. You're in Miami."

"Are you gonna let me in or what?" he asked. Actually, it sounded more like a demand to her.

She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes, giving him her best don't-mess-with-your-big-sister look. "Depends on how civil you can be."

His dark brown eyes narrowed, then his face softened and he turned back into the brother she loved. "Sorry, Zoe. I want you to be happy, but I can't stand him. He humiliated you in front of millions."

"No, that skanky asshat of a reporter did that. You heard what was later reported. Those pictures were of Sebastian, his identical twin. You of all people should be able to understand how twins can be mistaken for the other."

He glanced away, shaking his head. "Yeah, I know it. And I know that what looks like a duck, walks like a duck and does drugs is your sham of a husband's brother trying to cover for him."

Even though she knew the truth about the pictures, she wasn't about to share it with Luke. And she didn't know what had persuaded Sebastian to take the fall for her "sham" of a husband. But she was tired of their families making the man she loved into something he wasn't.

"We're staying married, and one day, I'll have mini-Christians running all over the place. Are you going to refuse to be in your someday niece or nephew's life?"

"You know just how to go for the gut, don't you?" Luke asked.

"Look, as much as I love you, as much as I'm sure that you're here with nothing but my best interest at heart, there's nothing you can do or say to change me."

"We're not done talking."

"Please don't come around until you're ready to support my decision. It's what I've always done for you, even when I knew you were wrong." Pushing the door completely shut, Zoe stared at it and nodded her head once.

She looked at the clock and began pacing. After thirty minutes of drawing a circle with her footprints around the couch, she decided to go to her office to finish writing the chapter she'd been working on before Luke's interruption.

Smiling at the pictures that greeted her, she reached out to caress the closest black and white print. She scrunched her forehead, then looked at the other pictures for confirmation and gasped.

They were all the same. Okay, so not exactly identical, but in almost every one, her husband was looking at her. She took one down and held it close. The expression on his face took her breath away.

That settled it. They would go looking for the real Holland Springs. No matter the outcome, her feelings would stay the same. She loved him. Deeply, madly and truly. She didn't care about his past, only their future. Together.

A noise coming from the front of the house jolted her out of her thoughts. She frowned, thinking that Luke had decided to really press her buttons.

Stomping to the foyer, she yanked the door open. "I thought I told you to-Christian!" She jumped in his arms, nearly knocking him over. Covering his face with kisses, she held on to him as he walked inside. "I missed you."

"I." Kiss. "Missed." Kiss. "You." Kiss. "Too." Christian put her down, cupping her beautiful face in his hands. This was the homecoming he had never realized he'd been missing. God, it felt good.

Her pretty eyes crinkled at the corner before she hugged him again. "Did you see me on television?"

Pulling away, he gave her a disapproving frown. "Your behavior, Ms. Ambrose, was very improper. I'm not sure if a right proper gent like myself can be seen with such a scandalous woman."

"Whatever," she laughed. "And it's officially Mrs. Romanov now. I've got the papers to prove it."

"You changed your last name?" He almost dropped to his knees. She was willingly taking on a name that he didn't know for how long would cause doors to slam against her. Them.

She bit her bottom lip and nodded. "I wanted to surprise you."

"Let me see that ring, Mrs. Romanov." He smiled and let her go, closing the door behind him. Then he dropped his bag onto the floor.

She wiggled her fingers at him, her laughter contagious. "How does it look?"

Taking her hand, he rubbed the antique ring. It was finally back where it belonged. "Perfect," he said and kissed her again, drinking in her happiness.

When they broke apart, she led him over to the sofa and sat down in his lap. "I wasn't sure if you'd be upset with me for speaking to that scummy reporter because I know you told me: 'Do not to engage the enemy', but I was sick and tired of everyone putting you down. Plus, he sat there the longest and Melanie was about to puke from watching him eat."

Shaking his head at her version of humor, he held her hand while stroking the center of her palm. "Actually, I was angrier at the insults he tossed your way. It won't be the last time someone does that or blogs about me, or you, but I'm too damn selfish to let you go."

She leaned against him. "This is where I belong." Pulling away, she laid her hand on the side of his face. Her dark eyes solemn. "I need you, Christian. Your smile, your laughter, your love, the way you tuck your PEZ dispensers in with my fairies. I trust you to stay. I trust you."

"I know this is where I'm supposed to say something meaningful and emotional, but all I want to do is show you my appreciation."

"My man of action." Her smile was like a siren's, stealing the air from his lungs.

Christian cupped her br**sts, filling his hands with their heavy weight. He rubbed his thumbs over her fabric covered ni**les and was rewarded with a hitch of her breath. Her eyes closed as her head fell back, dark hair cascading over her shoulders. "I have many, many things planned for you, Mrs. Romanov." He inched her shirt up. "Things so depraved that you won't be able to look at me in the morning."

The doorbell rang.

She growled. "We are so getting rid of that thing."

He wanted to throw something at the damn thing first. Most likely it was her mother with some kind of casserole or her father "checking" on the progress the crew Christian had hired to finish the renovations of her house had made. Zoe's family was nosy as hell, and he wouldn't have them any other way. They genuinely cared about her and her happiness.

"We know you're in there, Romanov. Open the door."

"It's Luke." She let out a groan, scrambling from his lap. "Let me handle this." She answered the door and all of her family came pouring in. Brothers, sister, sister-in-law and parents.

Good God, they had seen the video of Zoe and the reporter and were here to kill him.

"Prince Ian," SmithAnn squealed, running over and plopping down in his lap. He gave her a little hug and moved her over so that he wouldn't be speaking two octaves higher than usual.

Lawton placed his hand on Luke's shoulder and pushed him forward. "Go on, speaker elect."

Luke gave his father an annoyed look before facing Christian and Zoe again. "We're here to tell you that we support Zoe's decision."

"Louder, son," Lawton said.

"We support Zoe's decision and want to welcome you the family."

Christian suppressed the urge to laugh, mostly because he thought Luke might have a scalpel hidden on him. He set his niece to the side and rose to his feet, offering his brother-in-law his hand. "I appreciate it. Immensely." When Luke took his hand and didn't rip it off, a collective sigh left the group.

Evangeline cheered and SmithAnn danced around him.

Heath presented him with a knit scarf and hat. "The color really pops against a black or grey coat," he said, then smirked. "I call the pattern Ball and Chain."

Leah rose on her toes and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek, rubbing off her lipstick stain with a spit dampened thumb. "Well, sugar, I guess you'll do. Maybe I'll get some dark headed grandbabies out of the two of you."

His wife blushed. "Can we be married for a while first?"

"We'll do our best." Christian smirked at Luke. "Give it the all-American try."

"Someone tell me why we're not kicking his ass?" Luke asked, his voice rough.

As the rest of her family offered their support and presents, he watched Zoe as she talked to Melanie. Their conversation ended with Zoe shaking her head and grabbing a large picnic basket.

Suddenly, Melanie let out a groan and grabbed her huge belly.

Everyone rushed to her side.

"Are you hurt?"

"Is the baby coming?"

"Maybe it's gas."

"Maybe she can't stand the thought of Romanov being a part of the family."

Zoe shooed them away. "I think Melanie needs to go to the doctor."

Luke raised his hand. "There's already a doctor in the house."

"She means a real doctor, not a guy who plays one on T.V.," Logan said.

Carter shoved everyone out of his way and helped Melanie walk to the door. "Zoe, watch SmithAnn."

"No," Melanie shouted and everyone stopped to look at her. "I want Zoe with me."

"I'll take SmithAnn," Leah said, taking her grand-daughter's hand.

"Let's go Christian," Zoe said, tugging him after the couple heading to their minivan.

Christian dragged his feet. "I don't think she wants me, love. And I'm sure as hell not ready to be in the room with her."

Zoe gave him an exasperated look. "I'm bringing you to keep Carter company. He'll be nervous." She set the basket in the van and climbed in.

Christian climbed in after her, entirely confused. Why would Carter need him of all people? This was Melanie and Carter's second child. Something was not as it seemed, but he got in anyway.

After about five miles, Melanie yelled for her husband to stop and he hit the brakes. Christian glanced at his wife, but she was busy giving her sister-in-law a hug. The door slid open and she got out, grabbing the basket and motioning him to follow.

With a mischievous grin, Melanie waved at them. The minivan took off.

"Are you going to tell me what madness has taken over or is this your way of saying you'd like to have a picnic?" he asked.

"I had to get us out of there."

"You couldn't have asked everyone to leave?"

"They were planning on staying for dinner," she said, walking to the edge of the forest, then back to him. "I want to take you some place special."

He raised his brows. "The legendary springs?"

She nodded and set off in the opposite direction. "But I can't find the dumb trees. They're entwined dogwoods."

"You mean these?"

Chapter Forty

Christian waited by the slender-branched trees, showy pink blossoms falling as the wind gently blew.

"You found them," she said, running to him.

Taking the basket from her, he grabbed her hand and kissed the palm. "Which way?"

"Where you go, I'll follow," she heard herself say.

"Together." He brushed past the trees and went left.

She followed him, deeper and deeper into the forest, until time seemed to stand still and not even the sun dared to set. A great hush descended, as if even the trees and animals were holding their breath in anticipation.

The sound of water rushing over rocks sang in her ears. He abruptly turned right and stopped. A blanket of ivy hanging from branches above seemed to part in front of them, like a giant curtain on opening night. Her eyes grew round and her heart tripled its beat. She placed a hand on her chest.

"I can't believe we found-"

"The Garden of Eden," he finished.

Leafy plants, orchids, roses and a multitude of flowers that she had no name for grew together as no plants of the tropical and evergreen variety should. But there they were, cohabiting in harmony. Butterflies fluttered and dragonflies zoomed. A tall waterfall tumbled over rocks and splashed down into a crystal clear pool of water.

The real Holland Springs.

Hands clasped tight, they walked through the parted ivy and up to the pool of water.

Standing at the edge, she looked down, relieved to see nothing but a sandy bottom even as her palms grew damp in anticipation. She licked her lips, unable to say anything.

He clasped her waist and slowly turned her to face him. "Tell me."

"I love you, Christian," she said simply. No embellishment needed.

"Those are the most beautiful words I've ever heard," he whispered before his mouth came down on hers. A kiss of fulfilled promises and a future together. A kiss that mended even the smallest pieces of her broken heart.

Reluctantly, she pulled away and began to unbutton her shirt. He watched her, his face intense as she removed her clothes. His clothes quickly joined hers. She couldn't help but admire him. The way his lean body gleamed in the sun. The rose tattoo on his muscular chest. The way his strong thighs gave way to muscular calves. Even his feet and hands were perfection.

"You're beautiful," she whispered, reaching out to touch him.

He sucked in his stomach when her fingers caressed him and she gave a low laugh. But it was short lived as his erection stood hard and thick between them. He gave her a wicked smile and wrapped his hand around it, slowly working it up and down its considerably length.

"Do you think this is beautiful as well?"

Her mouth became dry as the Sahara while the Amazon ran between her thighs. She tried swallowing, but was unsuccessful until he turned away and dove into the pool of water. She watched his body in motion, gliding through the depths until he broke the surface and shook out his hair.

"Get in with me."

"It's too deep," she said when her mouth returned to normal.

He swam her way and held out his arms. "I'll catch you."

Taking a deep breath, she jumped in. Water surrounded her, but instead of the shock of cold, the water was perfect. Tiny bubbles tickled and caressed her skin. She was hauled to the surface, making full contact with his hard body. She tangled her fingers in his hair and brought his face down to hers.

Their lips danced, their tongues mated. She wrapped her legs around his waist. He moved them, until the waterfall splashed down on their heads and shoulders. She threw back her head and laughed, feeling free and joyous.

A slight move to the right and her back bumped up against the mossy side. His erection brushed her thigh and she twisted to bring him inside of her, but he stopped her. He lifted her high in the air, his hot mouth opening over her nipple and tugging deeply.

She moaned low in her throat, letting him lower her to the edge and push her down. Soft grass tickled her back. Her thighs fell apart. He bent his head, the soft touch of his scalding tongue seeking her most intimate of parts. He devoured her, ate and licked at her, until she trembled and cried out his name.

"I don't have protection with me," he panted, letting her go and laying his head on her stomach.

"The basket," she said, running her fingers through his wet hair. "I put some in the basket last night."

He pushed himself out of the water and strode to the basket. Two beats of her heart later, he was beside her. Droplets of water rained down on her skin as he covered her, his hands on her hips.

"Who do you belong to?" He entered her, slowly. Until she was stretched and filled.

"You. The man I love."

Clasping her wrists in one hand, he stretched her arms above her head and let go. "Mine. Always and forever."

His thrusts started slowly, but quickly worked to a feverish pitch as he stroked her, holding her body prisoner beneath his. She grabbed his arms, holding onto him like he was her anchor in a carnal storm that raged over her.

Christian looked down on the woman under him. She was heaven and drawing this out was hell. She was his and had always been. She humbled him. She amazed him.

Zoe loved him.

He buried his face in her neck, his muscles gathering and flexing as he moved. As they came together in utter perfection. He was so close, but he had to hear her words again. "Tell me you love me."

"I love you."

His body jerked. "Tell me again."

"I love you. Only you. Always you."

He shouted her name as he came, his breath leaving his body in great gulps as he cradled her close to him. "I love you, Zoe," he remembered saying before they drifted off to sleep.

***

The moon had risen high in the night sky by the time he opened his eyes, but he could see Zoe as clearly as if they were under a noon sun. She smiled sleepily at him, pulling the soft blankets he'd discovered in the basket over them.

"Is this a dream? Are you really an enchantress after all?"

She shook her head, her pretty eyes soft. "No, but I promise to be the woman I should be, the woman I'm meant to be, and the woman you deserve."

His heart pounded against his chest, not caring if she saw the tears in his eyes. "You already are, love. You already are."

Epilogue

Eight years later

Christian knelt down and looked at his five year old twins. The eldest, Jude, had dark hair like Zoe with his pale blue eyes while Waverly was all sunshine-colored hair and pretty green eyes like her mother.

"Now remember, you stick up for each other. If someone teases your sister, Jude, you defend her, and, Waverly, if someone is mean to your brother, you defend him."

Jude nodded and shoved his hands in the pockets of his shorts. "I can defend myself and Waverly."

Waverly shook her head, making the large green bow in her hair wobble. "Mummy said we're to tell our teacher."

"Oh, quite right. Well, Mummy does know best." Christian tapped his forehead. "She's got loads of brains. Luckily, you two take after her."

The bell rang.

"It's time for them to go inside," Zoe said, her soft drawl and calm manner easing his anxiousness. She gave their children a big grin. "Y'all have my old Kindergarten teacher, Mrs. Phelps."

"Can't we homeschool? Perhaps a private tutor?" Christian stood.

"But we want to go to school. Please, daddy?" his children simultaneously protested.

"Please, daddy?" Zoe mimicked with a saucy wink directed his way.

Christian capitulated, taking Waverly's hand while Zoe took Jude's. "Okay, but just for this year."

The trio cheered.

After walking them to their classroom, he gave his wife a sidelong glance.

"Ready for some alone time, Mrs. Romanov?" After eight years of marriage and two children, she looked as beautiful as the day he'd met her. More so with baby number three on the way. Their little 'whoops' as he liked to call the baby girl.

"We'd better enjoy it while we can," she said, lacing her fingers through his. "Plus we need to pick out a name."

He brought her hand to his lips for a fleeting kiss. "I'm still not entirely convinced you named the boy after me."

Zoe shook her head. Sometimes she still couldn't believe he was hers. Such a family man. He pinched her bottom. And as wicked as ever.

She smacked his hand. "Your middle name is Jude," she pointed out.

"Have you taken a look at your laptop's history files lately? All I've seen is Jude Law's digital images. A less confident man would be suffering right about now."

"It's for my next novel. You're not jealous, are you?" she teased. "He is staring in the movie you're financing and agreed to headline a benefit for B.T.S." Christian headed the board for the organization. They'd had a change of heart, issuing a statement that in effect said that even adults deserved second chances. He'd stepped up and had taken over, establishing the charity in several foreign countries. He'd begun taking parts again, in films that spoke to his heart and won critical acclaim.

"You completely fangirled Jude when he said hello while we were on holiday in Majorca."

"But who got to go back to our penthouse and have bubble bath fun with me?"

He pointed at his chest.

"And if you play your cards right, I'll let you do it again before I get too big to fit in there with you."

He scooped her up in his arms and she squealed. "I'll just have a larger tub installed, with winches if need be."

"You really shouldn't say that to a pregnant lady."

They drew smiles and curious stares while he carried her to their SUV.

"What should one say?" Love was bright in his blue eyes.

"I love you. What else?"

"I love you," he murmured.

Then she kissed him.

