One

"You know I love you, right?" Kayla Prince looked at the person sitting opposite her at the Something Hot coffee shop in downtown Cheyenne, Wyoming.

"I know."

"And you know I would do anything for you."

"Absolutely."

"Then I beg you," Kayla continued pitifully, "please, please, please don't make me walk down the aisle at your wedding with that man."

Kayla's best friend, Angelica Lassiter, laughed and shook her blond hair back from her face. "Such drama."

"Come on, Angie," Kayla said, leaning back on the bench seat. "Be different. Be a trendsetter. Have the best man walk down the aisle with the flower girl."

"Right, because that would look great."

Desperation fueled Kayla's next argument. "Then let me be the flower girl. Find a new maid of honor. I won't be hurt." She crossed her fingers over her heart. "Honestly."

"There's no getting out of this. You're the maid of honor, Kayla. You're my best friend."

"We could have a fight," she offered hopefully. "A big one. And make up after the wedding."

"We never fight," Angelica pointed out.

No, of course they didn't, Kayla told herself miserably. Who could fight with Angie? She was beautiful and kind and funny and smart. And she was about to marry a man whose best friend just happened to be the one man who irritated Kayla beyond belief.

"All of this to avoid Matt?"

Scowling down at her coffee, Kayla tried to ignore the fact that she was being a gigantic coward-which she never was ordinarily. Since she was a kid, raised by a single mom to be wildly independent, Kayla had always believed in going after what she wanted. She had put herself through college in L.A., where she and Angelica had been roommates and eventually the best of friends. Kayla had studied art and loved it, but along the way had finally admitted that she was never going to be the great artist she dreamed of being. But she knew greatness when she saw it, and so she worked in a couple of small galleries, learning and gathering experience. If she couldn't be an artist, she decided that she could at least be surrounded by art.

On school breaks and holidays, Kayla had visited Angie's hometown of Cheyenne several times and had fallen in love with the city and the wide-open spaces of Wyoming. So, when she was offered a dream job at the Cheyenne Art Gallery, she'd left L.A. behind and grabbed at her chance. At the gallery, she was surrounded by art-sculptures, paintings, etchings. She was a part of the creative world and in a position to help promote the talented artists who entrusted her with their work.

Thanks to her relationship with Angie, she was also a private art advisor to the Lassiter collection. Cheyenne had become home over the past few years. She had a small cottage in town, a car that was paid for and a healthy social life that had even included a few interesting men. Until she had met Matt Hollis. Of course, after meeting Matt, none of those men had meant a damn thing.

"Matt's been at Lassiter Media offices in California for nine months," Angelica said. "Hasn't that been long enough to get over whatever it is you're mad at him about?"

Not even close.

A buzzing mixture of embarrassment, lust and pure fury sizzled inside Kayla as memories raced through her mind in a blur of color. Last year, when Angelica and Evan had become engaged, they'd decided that their friends needed to be friends, too. So to get the ball rolling, Angie had arranged a double date for the four of them.

Nightmare.

Matt Hollis was an arrogant know-it-all who had jumped all over Kayla's last nerve by the end of that illustrious evening. He was gorgeous and smart and pretty much used to having women fall at his feet in a gooey puddle of hormonal need. When Kayla had managed to withstand the urge to hurl herself at his manly chest, Matt had taken that as a direct challenge.

For the next two months, every time they were together, Matt had found a way to touch her, be close to her. Even when they were arguing, which was most of the time, there was a sexual tension humming between them that wound tighter and tighter. Naturally, inevitably, that tension exploded one night after the four of them had gone dancing. By the time Evan and Angie had left to go home, Matt and Kayla had been ready to tear each other's hair out.

Of course, she remembered, they'd ended up tearing each other's clothes off instead, but Angie didn't need to know that.

Just like she didn't need to know that that one explosive night with Matt Hollis was still haunting Kayla's dreams.

As was the fact that a few days later, he had left for the California offices of Lassiter Media where he had stayed for the past nine months. Now he was back for the wedding and to smooth out some local Lassiter Media business and Kayla really didn't want to see him again. Well, she did, but she didn't.

It was all very complex.

But she couldn't very well say any of that to Angie. "He's just not my favorite person, okay?"

"I'm getting that. But the wedding's two weeks away now so can you just pretend you don't hate his guts for now?" Angie lifted her coffee cup in a salute. "Once Evan and I are off on our honeymoon, Matt will go back to the L.A. office and you two can return to avoiding each other, okay?"

"I didn't say I hate his guts," Kayla muttered. This would be so much easier if she did hate him.

Instead, like a complete crazy person, she still wanted him. In spite of everything-including the fact that after their one unbelievable night together there had been...nothing. He hadn't called. Probably hadn't given her a second thought. Oh, she had known that he would be moving to California, but he hadn't even bothered to say thanks for the good time. And now he was back. However briefly. For the sake of her pride, she was going to have to pretend that nothing had happened between them.

Oh, the next couple of weeks were going to be so much fun!

"Enough about Matt," Kayla said abruptly, not wanting to give him any more of her time. "What's going on with you and Evan?"

Angie shrugged. "Wedding stuff. You know. Counting down to the big day, so we're both really busy." She checked the slim, gold watch on her wrist, took a quick, last sip of coffee and set the cup down. "Evan's great. We're great. Look, I'm sorry, sweetie, but I have to run. I've got a meeting in twenty minutes and if I don't leave now, I'll be late."

Frowning slightly, Kayla said, "Okay, sure. Are you still coming to the showing tonight?"

"Wouldn't miss it. I know you've been working for weeks to set this up." Angelica slid out of the booth, grabbed her brown leather bag and smiled. "We'll be there. All of us."

Kayla went still. "All?"

Angie winked at her. "Me, Evan and Matt."

Kayla's stomach did a quick, discomfiting twist that she really didn't want to think about. "Why are you punishing me?"

"Because it's so much fun!" Angie grinned and added, "Besides, after the showing, Evan wants to go and listen to a new band he heard about for the reception."

"I thought you already chose the band."

"I did." Angie wrinkled her nose. "Evan wants something different."

"Getting kind of last minute, isn't it?"

"Really feels that way." She checked her watch again and started walking. "Gotta go. See you later."

Kayla watched her friend hurry from the diner and couldn't help thinking that more and more often lately, her lunches with Angie were cut short by business. Angie had always been the heir apparent to Lassiter Media and had devoted herself to helping the company grow and expand. But ever since her father J.D. Lassiter's health had taken a serious downturn a few months ago, Angie's devotion had pretty much taken over her life. She'd been splitting her time between Cheyenne and the L.A. office for years, but lately, she'd spent more time in Wyoming in order to be closer to her father-along with putting the finishing touches on her wedding. In fact, Kayla thought, Angie was just too busy.

Not that Kayla had an issue with a woman loving her career or being good at it. She herself loved every minute of managing the gallery. But it seemed that lately Angie was letting her life slide by unnoticed. Heck, she and Evan were hardly ever together anymore and that worried Kayla. It worried her even more that Angie wasn't worried about it. Used to be that Angie and Evan were inseparable, but those days had gone.

She didn't want to see her friend lose the man she loved because she'd been seduced by her own success. Okay, not a very feminist attitude, but everyone was entitled to their own opinion, right?

Idly, she picked up her coffee, took another sip and stared out at downtown Cheyenne. The wind was howling, pedestrians were huddled into their coats and the sky looked ready to spill snow down onto a city that was more than ready for spring. But that was Wyoming weather for you. They could have snow clear into May and beyond.

"But oh, please don't," she murmured. Having to deal with Matt Hollis was more than enough. She didn't need a blizzard on top of it.

Two

"You don't need me with you to listen to the band," Matt protested even while Evan laughed.

"This isn't about the band," Evan said after a minute or two. "You've been avoiding Kayla since you got back to Cheyenne."

"Not avoiding, exactly," Matt argued, stopping outside the art gallery where they were supposed to be meeting Angie and Kayla. He'd known that coming back to Wyoming meant seeing Kayla again. But he had planned to do it in his own time. And he hadn't wanted anyone else around for this first meeting.

On the other hand, with Angelica and Evan both there, Kayla probably wouldn't refuse to speak to him. Probably.

"I've been busy. Hell, you work for Lassiter Media, too," Matt pointed out. "You know how crazy busy we are."

"And yet," his friend countered, "I manage to have a life."

"Not so much lately, from what I've seen," Matt mused, watching Evan's expression. "You and Angie don't get a lot of time together."

Evan frowned a little. "She's always been a fiend for work, but yeah. Since her dad's health went bad, things have been more intense. And with us both spending more time in Cheyenne these days, she's really focused."

"And yet, you're not giving her grief over it like you are me."

Evan laughed and shook his head. "I don't believe this."

"What?" Matt asked. "What're you talking about?"

"You're actually stalling," Evan said, clearly amazed. "I've never known you to back away from anything, but you really are leery about seeing Kayla again." Shaking his head, he said, "Just what the hell happened between you two, anyway?"

Scowling, Matt shoved one hand through his hair and turned his face into the icy, gusting wind. "Long story and one I'm not interested in sharing, thanks."

"Touchy."

He glanced at Evan. "You have no idea."

"You don't have to like her, you know." Evan hunched deeper into his black overcoat in an effort to fight off the chill of the wind. "Just be civil."

Civil.

Matt swallowed the bark of sardonic laughter crowding the base of his throat. He wasn't going to have trouble being civil to Kayla. The hard part was going to be keeping his hands off her.

For the past nine months, Matt had been in California, running the marketing division of Lassiter Media. He'd taken the promotion and the move to L.A. and considered it a plus that he could put some distance between himself and Kayla so that he could think clearly. If he'd stayed in Cheyenne, he never would have been able to sort out what he was thinking...feeling.

Kayla had blindsided him, plain and simple. There had been chemistry between them from the first and the one night they'd spent together had jolted him right down to his bones. Never before nor since Kayla had he experienced what he had that one spectacular night. She had turned his world inside out and rattled him enough that he'd needed space. Time.

And it hadn't helped.

Hadn't changed a damn thing.

He still wanted Kayla.

Matt followed Evan into the gallery and was immediately slapped with warmth and noise. Classical music-something slow and lovely-played undercurrent to the rush of conversation that rose and fell like waves crashing against the shore. Crowds of people, dressed in tuxes and bright, jewel-toned dresses roamed through the elegant space, admiring the paintings and photographs dotting the cream-colored walls. Sculptures in metal and wood and marble stood displayed on stylish pedestals under pinpoint lighting.

Matt saw it all, yet hardly noticed. He slipped out of his overcoat, draped it over his forearm and scanned the crowd, looking for one woman in particular. The woman who had been haunting his dreams for nine interminably long months. When he finally spotted her, Matt felt the oddest sensation-a strange mixture of both calm and excitement that churned through his bloodstream like a virus, quickly spreading until he could hardly breathe.

Her shoulder-length hair was a tumble of soft, light brown curls that tempted a man to spear his fingers through their silkiness. Even in a sea of artsy, trendy people wearing black, Kayla stood out. Black was a stark color that only accented her pale, creamy skin, her dress clung to curves he ached to explore again. When she turned, and their gazes locked across the room, he noted the brief reaction of shock and pleasure in her blue eyes before it faded away into a cool businesslike stare. A flush of color stained her cheeks but it wasn't embarrassment or desire-it was anger.

Damned if he didn't find that exciting.

"Hey," Evan said, "I see Angelica over by that weird bird sculpture. I'll catch you later, okay?"

"Sure." Matt didn't even see his friend leave. He couldn't tear his gaze away from Kayla.

People wandered in and out of the line of vision locking Kayla and him together, but nothing could shatter the connection alive and sizzling between them.

She felt it, too. He could see it in her eyes, in the firming of her luscious lips. Just as he could see that she wasn't happy about what she was feeling. He had to bite back a satisfied smile. Good to know he wasn't the only one being twisted into knots. Kayla wasn't an easy woman to figure out.

It was one of the things he liked best about her.

Most of the women he'd been involved with over the years were all too simple to understand. They enjoyed being with him because he had access to the rich, the powerful, the famous. But Kayla was different. She looked at the world through eyes that searched out and found beauty in the most unlikely places. She wasn't interested in society or the connections she could make through Matt.

She'd wanted him. And that had thrown him. Hard. Because he'd felt the same about her. From the first moment he'd met her, Matt had known that she was going to be different. That she had the ability to cut through his defenses and bring him to his knees. Not a place he was used to finding himself.

Memories raced through his mind, causing sensory overload. He remembered the arguments, the conversations, the incredible tension that had hummed through every moment that they'd spent together.

Mostly, though, he remembered the one night they'd had together. The frenzied need that had fueled their desperate coupling. The out of control desire that had swept away every clear thought.

Even recalling that night had his body going hard as stone and his brain fuzzing over until the only thing it could focus on was her. Nearly nine months away from her in a voluntary absence and she was as fresh in his mind as she had been the morning after their "encounter."

That's why he'd left. Why he'd had to go and put half a country between them. Love was not part of his game plan. He was focused on his career and didn't have the time-or the inclination-to deviate from the plan that had been guiding him since college.

But damn he'd missed her.

She lifted her chin, tossed her hair back from her face and started walking toward him. The crowd seemed to part for her, as if in a series of orchestrated moves. She was damn near electrifying. Her hair, her eyes, the curve of her h*ps and the way those h*ps swayed invitingly when she walked.

Hell, everything about her screamed sexy, powerful woman-and that really did it for him in a big way.

The hard tap of her heels against the marble floor sounded out like tiny gunshots, even over the noise of the surrounding crush of people. She never stopped. Never hesitated. Until she came to a stop right in front of him.

Her perfume reached for him, flavoring every breath with the taste of her. He looked down into her eyes, saw them spark and flash and knew he was in deep trouble.

"You're here for the wedding."

Her voice was soft and cool with a thread of steel he remembered all too well. "Yeah."

"Then it's back to L.A.?"

"It's where I live now, Kayla."

She nodded, folded her arms over her chest and glanced around the crowded room before looking back at him. "Evan dragged you here tonight, didn't he?"

"No," he lied, and told himself that even if Evan hadn't insisted he come, he wouldn't have been able to stay away from her much longer. The pull of her was inexorable and something he was tired of fighting.

"Right, because there's nothing you like more than a good gallery showing," Kayla said, her lips curving in a sardonic smile.

Matt chuckled and realized that he'd missed this, too. The verbal sparring, the tension that simmered between them, just beneath the surface.

"You caught me. My secret weakness." It wasn't a complete joke. Sure, he wouldn't normally hang at an art gallery, but watching her with the patrons was something he would pay to see. She was so knowledgeable and her love for the art world shone in her eyes. What man wouldn't be fascinated by her?

"So, how's California?"

He cut off his straying thoughts-a man had to concentrate when talking with Kayla. "Crowded."

"You don't love all the sunshine and the glamour?"

"Sunshine gets old and I'm too busy working to be interested in the glamour."

"Uh-huh." The toe of her shoe tapped against the marble floor. "And what is it you are interested in, Matt?"

"You."

Three

The single word escaped before he knew it and he saw the shock in her eyes before it was replaced by disbelief. But damn it, he'd said only the truth. She interested him. Enough so that he'd stayed away from Cheyenne rather than face what she could mean to him. Enough that standing here opposite her and not being able to touch her was torturous.

"Don't," she muttered. "Just...don't."

Great start, he told himself then spoke up quickly. "Look, Kayla, now that I'm in town-"

"Been back a few days, right?"

"Yeah." He knew where she was going with this and he couldn't blame her.

"Still too busy to pick up a phone?"

He wasn't surprised. Kayla Prince wasn't the shy, retiring type. She didn't play games. With her, you always knew where you stood. Whether you wanted to or not. "You really want to do this here? Now?"

As if suddenly remembering exactly where they were, she took a breath and nodded sharply. "You're right. I don't want to do this now. Actually, I don't want to do this ever."

"Liar."

She flushed and her luscious mouth flattened into a tight, grim line. "You don't have the right to expect anything from me."

"Didn't say I did," he told her quietly. "But we both know we have to talk about what happened."

"No, we don't." She shook her head and her long hair lifted and then settled over her shoulders again. "It's over. Been over for nine months, Matt."

"Kayla-"

She shook her head and stared up at him. "Don't you find it just a little ironic?"

"What?"

"Nine months ago, you left without a word to me. And now you want to talk?"

Irritated, he said, "Come on, Kayla."

"No," she said, taking a step back as if she needed physical distance to maintain the emotional distance already shining in her eyes. "We're in the same wedding. And that is all we share now, Matt. Let's just get through the next weeks with as much dignity as we can, okay?"

There was plenty he wanted to say and more he needed to say, but as he'd just pointed out himself, this wasn't the time or the place.

"Now," she said, plastering her best professional smile on her face, "have some champagne, look around at what our artists have to offer and enjoy yourself."

Sure, he thought as he watched her walk through the crowd, charming men and women alike. He'd enjoy himself. While his body was tight and hard and it was taking every effort he could draw on to keep from tossing her over his shoulder and striding out into the night.

* * *

By the time they arrived at the club where the band Evan wanted to hear was playing, Kayla felt as if every nerve in her body was on red alert. She'd felt Matt watching her all night and that had completely thrown her off her game. She was supposed to do her best by the local artists and though the show had gone well overall, Kayla still felt a needle of guilt because she hadn't been focused on her job. Instead, she'd spent hours battling to keep her mind from drifting to Matt as often as her gaze had.

God, why did he have to look so good? He even had a tan from his time spent in California and that honey tone to his skin only made his green eyes gleam with an almost otherworldly glow.

She'd managed to steer clear of him until they'd arrived here at the club. Now the four of them were clustered around a tiny table and Matt took any opportunity to let his leg brush against hers. With every single touch, she shivered, and she didn't think Angie was buying her excuse of still feeling the outside cold. Because these shivers weren't caused by the frigid temperatures, but by the heat only Matt could generate inside her.

Darn it.

They really hadn't been able to talk much, thank heaven, because the band had been playing nonstop since the four of them arrived. But even as that thought drifted through her mind, the small blessing ended when the music suddenly stopped and the lead singer announced they would be taking a break. Silence crashed down on the room and was broken seconds later by the rise of laughter and conversation from the surrounding tables. Now was her chance to leave, Kayla thought, but before she could speak up, Angie did.

"Evan and I are going to head home. I think we've heard enough, haven't we?"

Evan nodded. "Agreed. We'll keep the band we already have booked."

Suspicious, Kayla looked at her friend in time to see her flash a secret smile at Evan. Just as she'd thought, Angie had set this all up as a way to force Kayla and Matt together again. Well, that wasn't going to work.

Kayla eagerly picked up her purse to leave, too, but her best friend stopped her. "Kayla, why don't you and Matt stay on for a while? Maybe the band will get better."

"Oh," she said, shaking her head, "I don't think-"

"We'll be happy to," Matt interrupted her, laying one hand on her forearm to hold her in place.

She tried desperately to ignore the sizzle of heat that shot up her arm to burn in the center of her chest. One touch, Kayla thought. One touch from him and she was on fire. How was that fair? Hadn't her body learned the hard lesson her brain had over the past nine months? That she couldn't let herself care? That she couldn't trust what she felt for him because he so clearly wasn't interested?

"That's great." Evan said, taking Angie's hand. "We'll see you guys later."

"Right." Matt had already shifted his gaze from their friends to Kayla and she couldn't hide from the intensity in his eyes.

When they were alone again, Kayla picked up her glass of wine, took a long sip, and then set it down again before speaking. "Okay, why don't you say whatever it is you have to say and get it over with."

Four

"Good to see you again, too."

Kayla took a breath and huffed it out. "I think we're past the whole 'polite' thing, don't you?"

"Fine." He reached out, covered her hand with his and held on when she would have pulled away. "Let's talk about that night."

She flushed, the heat inside her bursting into an inferno of fire that raced through her system like an out of control blaze. "I'd rather not."

"Too bad."

Her gaze snapped to his. His grip on her hand tightened further.

"Let me go, Matt." She said the words through gritted teeth.

"If I do, you'll run away."

"You've got that wrong, don't you? You're the one who ran all the way to California, remember."

He frowned. "I remember. Do you remember I was taking a promotion?"

"I remember you not bothering to call before you left."

Not much he could say to that.

"Besides," she continued, "why would I run? You don't scare me."

"Liar," he whispered, a soft smile curving his mouth.

Well that was enough to stiffen her spine and strengthen her weakening will. She wasn't afraid of him, but she was afraid of what she felt for him. Naturally, admitting that to Matt was completely out of the question. She wouldn't give him any more ammunition to use against her. She was still too vulnerable to him, whether she liked acknowledging it or not, and there was just no way that she was going to line up for more pain.

He had flattened her when he left without a word. And the past nine months had been long and cold and lonely. She was done.

All around them, couples sat at small tables, leaning toward each other, smiling, laughing, talking. Waitresses moved through the room serving up orders of bar food and drinks. The clink of glassware and the ripples of conversation became a white noise that hummed in the background.

Kayla stared into Matt's brilliant green eyes and resisted the urge to reach out and brush a lock of soft brown hair off his forehead.

His fingers slid across her skin and she fought desperately to hold on to the control and the willpower she had developed over the past several months. It wasn't easy.

"I didn't call." The three words caught her attention and held it.

"Yeah, that much I know," she said shortly. The memory was thick and rich and so clear it could still jab at her heart, reawakening the ridiculous fantasies that had resulted from that one amazing night she and Matt had had together. The two months building up to it had been filled with tension, a delicious tugging and pulling between them that had finally exploded into a moment in time that still had the ability to wake her up in the middle of the night with a hunger that couldn't be assuaged.

"I was going to," he was saying, and Kayla bristled.

So much for memory lane. Mentally, she paved right over it.

"Really? What stopped you? Abducted by aliens?"

One corner of his mouth quirked. "Not exactly."

"What then? Broken dialing finger? Couldn't find a phone?" Yes, she sounded bitchy. But for nine months, hurt and anger had been simmering inside her and it seemed that it had chosen now to boil over.

"None of the above," he said, keeping his voice low in spite of the surrounding clatter. Pushing one hand through his thick, dark hair, he fixed his gaze on hers and said simply, "It's complicated."

"So complicated you couldn't use the last nine months to come up with an explanation?"

"Yeah," he admitted. "Something like that."

Amazing that she could still feel disappointment. Pain. He wasn't telling her anything new. Wasn't even trying to explain away what had happened after their time together. And she wasn't going to sit here pretending that it was okay with her.

"Great." She stood up again and this time he didn't try to stop her. "Glad we got that all straightened out."

"Where are you going?"

"Home." She glanced around, then shifted her gaze back to his. "No point in staying now, is there." It wasn't a question.

"I suppose not," he agreed and stood up. Fishing into his pocket, he drew out a folded stack of bills and peeled off two of them to toss onto the table. Then he took Kayla's elbow and steered her toward the door before she could twist out of his grasp.

Once outside in the cold, he let her go and she slipped into her coat. Wrapping the edges of it around her as if it were body armor, she said, "Goodbye, Matt."

"I'll take you home."

Her heartbeat jittered. "You don't have to. I have my car here."

"Fine. I'll follow you."

"Not necessary." She took a step past him.

He moved to stand in front of her, blocking her way. "It is to me."

"Forgive me if I'm not really interested in what's important to you."

"You can keep giving me grief or you can hear me out somewhere more private." He stared into her eyes. "What's it gonna be?"

Kayla was torn. She wanted to know why he'd disappeared on her so abruptly after what she had considered the most magical, romantic, life-altering night of her life. But she also didn't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing that she cared. But the longer she stared into his eyes, the more convinced she was that she'd never be able to get over the memory of him if she didn't listen to him for some answers and find the closure-God, she hated that word-that she needed.

"Fine. You can follow me home."

"You still live in the same place?"

Her small, cottage-sized house on the outskirts of Cheyenne. "Yes."

"All right then. We'll talk there."

Yippee.

* * *

What the hell was he supposed to say? On the short drive to Kayla's house, Matt's mind raced, jumping from one idea to another, never settling on one. There was no easy way to say that meeting her, going to bed with her, had jolted him out of his complacency.

She was the reason he'd happily taken that promotion and moved to California-and more importantly, she was the reason that Cheyenne still haunted him. He hadn't been able to get her out of his mind. Hadn't been able to convince himself that she was just another woman. Just another passing blip on a radar that was so finely tuned he'd managed to avoid commitment for most of his life.

And that was why she'd hit him as hard as she had. He was so used to cruising smoothly through his romantic encounters that when he slammed into Kayla, she'd knocked him off his feet. The first couple of months he'd known her, he'd worked to convince himself that there was nothing special there. That he was overreacting because she irritated him on so many levels. But that irritation was really just a form of sexual tension so taut it took his breath away. And once he'd had her under him, over him...once he'd been buried deep inside her damp heat, he hadn't been able to lie to himself anymore. She was different. Special.

And he hadn't been ready for special.

The question was, was he ready now?

And if he was, could he convince her to leave Cheyenne with him? Or would he be coming back home to stay, career or no career?

He parked at the curb outside her small cottage. The last time he was here, it had been summer and the flower beds were crowded with color and scent. Now, winter was still clinging to Cheyenne and the plants were bedraggled, the front of the house dark. Then his gaze fixed on Kayla as she hurried up the walk and stood beneath the porch light, unlocking the door.

It took him only seconds to join her there and then follow her into the house. Just as he remembered it, the place was small, but comfortable. She had collected pieces by local artists that were sprinkled around the living room. There was a green couch and two chairs sitting opposite each other in front of a stone fireplace. When she hit a switch, puddles of golden light fell across the hardwood floors.

He draped his coat across the back of the couch, and turned to meet the blue eyes that had haunted him for months. "You're so damn beautiful," he murmured without thinking.

She swayed as if his words had delivered a physical blow.

"Don't say that," she said, shaking her head for emphasis. "I'm so furious with you. I just don't want to hear it."

Her eyes flashed, and yeah, there was fury there but he also saw desire. The same hunger that held him in a tight grip. "I get it. You're mad. But mad tells me you still care. If you didn't, that anger would have been gone a long time ago."

She bit down on her bottom lip but she didn't deny it. That was enough for him. Matt couldn't stand it anymore. He'd been away from her too long, had wanted her too much. In a few long strides, he was standing in front of her. Then he took hold of her shoulders, pulled her in close and kissed her.

For one split second, he thought she'd pull away, but that moment passed in a heartbeat and then she was leaning into him, kissing him back as if this kiss meant life itself. His tongue tangled with hers and hot shafts of pleasure shot through him, dazzling his brain, enflaming his body.

Her hands on his back felt like live wires, searing his skin right through the fabric of his suit jacket. Lifting one hand, he pushed his fingers through her soft, silky hair and relished the slick feel of those curls sliding across his skin.

He would have kissed her all night, would have given up food, water and even air to breathe if he could keep his mouth fused to hers. But all too soon that kiss ended and she was pulling away, stepping out of his arms and looking up at him through wide, shocked eyes.

"I can't believe you did that," she whispered.

"I didn't do it alone," he reminded her.

Shaking her head, she said, "That was just instinct."

"Well, let's hear it for instincts then."

She laughed but there was no humor in the sound. Lifting one hand to her mouth, she whispered, "We can't do this."

"We were meant to do this," he countered, his voice low, deep and filled with the same need he could see was nearly strangling her.

"If that were true," she said, "you wouldn't have disappeared for nine months."

"Yeah." He pushed one hand through his hair, blew out a breath and said, "I should've called. Should have talked to you before I left."

"I agree."

His head snapped up, his gaze fixed on hers. "It was you, you know. You're why I left so suddenly."

"You're blaming me?" He heard the outrage in her voice and couldn't blame her for it.

"Of course not. I'm just telling you. I left because of the promotion, the L.A. job. But I left so quickly because of what you were making me feel."

Shaking her head, she wrapped her arms around her middle and hung on. "Panic?" she asked lightly.

His laugh was short and harsh. "Maybe a little, though I don't like admitting that out loud."

"Why?" she demanded. "I've waited nine months to have that question answered, Matt. Why would you leave like that? No word. No nothing. You disappeared."

"I thought it would be easier on you-"

She laughed, dismissing his words. That told him she wouldn't settle for less than the truth-so he would give her what he could for now.

"Fine. I wanted to make it easier on me." Scowling now, he scrubbed both hands across his face. He wasn't ready to tell her everything-what she'd made him feel before and what he was feeling now. So he looked into her eyes again and said, "But now I'm back."

"Temporarily."

"And I had to see you. Try to explain."

She swallowed hard. "Meaning what exactly?"

"Meaning that night with you threw me. I wasn't expecting it. I thought distance would help. But I couldn't get my mind off you," he said, moving closer. "Every night I dreamed of you. Every day I thought of you. Damn it, Kayla, you're inside me and I had to come back to tell you that."

She took a shallow breath but didn't look away from him. "I still don't understand why you left without so much as a goodbye. You hurt me."

He winced. "I know."

"I won't be hurt by you again."

"I don't want to hurt you."

"Then leave."

"I can't," he said, taking another step closer and celebrating internally when she didn't move away. "And you don't really want me to."

"Yes, I-" She broke off when he reached out and pulled her into him. "No, I really don't."

Five

"That's what I needed to hear." He kissed her again, pouring into that kiss every emotion, every ounce of hunger that had hounded him for the past nine months. And she moved into him, opening for him, leaning closer still, wrapping her arms around his neck and meeting his passion with her own.

Just like before, she staggered him. The connection. The intensity of the fire that leaped up between them threatened to engulf him and this time, he welcomed it. This is what he had been missing for far too long. This place. This passion.

This woman.

He swept her up into his arms, never breaking the kiss that held them bound by breath and soul. Carrying her through the small house to her bedroom, he set her on her feet and in seconds they were na**d and falling onto the brass bed covered in a soft, silky duvet and a mountain of pillows.

Holding her close, he rolled her across the bed and she went with him willingly, eagerly, entangling her legs with his. Her hands slid across his skin as he explored every inch of her body. Heartbeats thundered and each breath was a sigh sifting into the quiet. There was an old clock on the wall and the steady tick of seconds passing pounded out around them like a drumbeat.

He broke free of the kiss long enough to say, "Please tell me you still have condoms in that bedside drawer."

She pushed her hair out of her eyes, looked up at him and nodded. "I kept them."

"Grateful to hear it." He reached for one, tore it open and sheathed himself before turning back to her. "I've missed you, Kayla."

"I missed you, too, Matt. So much." She reached up and cupped his face in her palms. "I still don't know why you left, but right now, it doesn't matter."

Guilt pinged in his chest, for the pain he'd caused her and for holding himself back from her still, but he ignored it. Now wasn't the time. Now was for the two of them. To reconnect. To reestablish what they'd found that night so many months ago. What he'd so stupidly thrown away.

Then his brain shut down, overloaded by his senses. All that existed was the slide of skin on skin, the soft sighs of their heightened breathing, the crashing beats of their hearts. He meant to take her slowly, to draw out the experience of being together again. But that plan dissolved in a raging sea of desire that pumped so hard, so hot, it was impossible to ignore.

She moved into him, arching her h*ps as she ran the flat of her hands across his chest. "Now, Matt. Please, now."

"Yeah, baby. Now."

He entered her in one long stroke and instantly felt the sense of rightness that he remembered so clearly. Her body cradled his, her arms sliding around his back, holding him close. They moved together in a nearly silent dance of passion that crested faster and higher than either of them had expected. He felt it when her body began to tighten. He heard her breath hitch in her chest, felt the frantic slide of her hands, the sharp edge of her nails raking his skin. And when she cried out his name, lost in the pulse of release, Matt let himself go.

Let himself find what he'd been missing for too long.

* * *

She was an idiot. There was no other explanation, Kayla thought, when her brain at last kicked back into gear. Her body was still humming, buzzing with sensation. But already her mind was listing the innumerable reasons why she shouldn't have done what she had. First on that list was that she didn't trust Matt and had good reasons for it.

He hadn't explained anything, really. Yet that hadn't stopped her from making the same damn mistake all over again.

Heat rose up inside her. How easy it was for her heart and her body to forget the past and concentrate on the now. She couldn't believe it. Pain twisted with misery and the still-powerful hum of desire and became a tangled mess deep inside her.

Closing her eyes, she swallowed the groan of regret that built up in her chest. When he lifted his head and looked into her eyes, Kayla braced herself for whatever was coming next. If she were to go by history, any minute now he'd be leaping out of bed and driving to the airport.

"I've waited a long time for this," he said, voice tight and low.

"You've waited?" Shaking her head in amazement, she gave him a slight shove and he responded, rolling to one side, but keeping her pinned closely to him. She set one hand on his broad chest and levered herself up so that she could look down at him. "You're the one who stayed away, Matt."

"I know. And running marketing for Lassiter Media L.A. has kept me damned busy, but I should've come back before this."

"You're right." Slipping out of his hold, she scooted to the edge of the bed and off. "Just like I shouldn't have done-" she waved one hand at both him and the rumpled bed "-this."

"Like I said before, we were born to do this," he argued.

They were, her silly heart shouted. They really were.

"Sure, until you leave again." She looked at an imaginary watch on her na**d wrist. "In fact, you should be grabbing your clothes and making a run for it right about now, shouldn't you?"

He frowned, rolled off the bed and stood there, staring at her. "I'm not running. I'll be right here until after the wedding at least. Cheyenne's still my home, too, Kayla. At least part of the time. And even if I return to California, I won't be staying away this time. And I want you in my life."

A part of her warmed to hear that, but how could she believe him? How could she let herself trust again? He was going back to California and the life she had chosen was here. In Cheyenne.

"You should go," was all she said. It was better this way. Better that she be the one to tell him to leave. Quickly, before she started believing again.

"You don't want me to go, Kayla."

"This isn't about want," she said quietly. If it were, she'd grab him, and let them both fall back onto the bed. "This is about need. And right now, I need you to go."

He looked as if he wanted to argue. His eyes flashed and his mouth worked as if he were struggling to hold back a torrent of words trying to escape. Seconds ticked past and Kayla held her breath, hoping he would leave before her self-control dissolved into a fresh puddle.

"Fine," he said at last, and she didn't know whether to be pleased or disappointed.

Before she could speak, he continued. "I'll go. For now. But I'm not going far."

Kayla took a deep breath and held it, unsure of just what he was really saying.

He stalked around the edge of the bed until he was beside her, then he grabbed hold of her and pulled her in close. Staring down into her eyes, he said, "I'm home. At least for the next month, I'm in your life, so you'd better get used to having me around."

* * *

Kayla was shaken and she didn't want to be. Didn't want having Matt in her house again to matter. But it did. Over the next two weeks, she couldn't find peace in her own house because the memories were too thick. She could still smell him on her pillows. She dreamed of his arms being around her in the night and when she woke up every morning, Matt was the first thought in her mind.

And not once had he even tried to get back into her bed. Which was making her even more insane. How could he talk about wanting her and then do nothing about it? Was he acting this way on purpose? Driving her to the ragged edge and leaving her hanging there?

She was in very deep trouble and she wasn't even sure she would get out of it if she could. Oh, her brain kept telling her not to trust this new-and-improved Matt. But her heart and her body were shouting at her to give him a chance. To give them a chance.

And he wasn't making the situation any easier for Kayla to figure out. Not only did he keep her wanting, every day, he found a reason to search her out. Every evening they weren't with Angie and Evan dealing with the upcoming wedding, Matt took her to dinner, a movie or art shows at rival galleries. He was making himself indispensable. He had become such a part of her everyday life, Kayla couldn't imagine not having him with her all the time.

Only yesterday, he had arrived at the art gallery at lunchtime, carrying a picnic basket. It was too cold to sit outside and eat, so he'd spread out a quilt in the storage area of the gallery. For an hour, he'd kept her laughing with stories about his months in California.

And by the time he'd gone again, Kayla was in more of a quandary than ever. She loved being with him. Loved watching his smile, even when listening to him describe the life he was building in L.A. He'd kept his house in Cheyenne, though, so what did that mean? Was he coming back? Was he going to be living in both places? And even if it were true, what did it mean? How could she believe that he would stay with her? He'd walked away without a backward glance once. Why not again?

She took a deep breath, pushed those thoughts out of her mind and tried to concentrate on the conversation at hand. Angie was sitting opposite her at the diner and going through her list of last minute prep for the wedding. So Kayla focused on her best friend's life rather than her own. It seemed way less complicated at the moment.

"So," Angelica said between sips of her coffee, "I finally managed to get my brother Sage to promise to come down off his mountain to attend the rehearsal dinner tomorrow night."

Kayla nodded absently as Angie made notes on her computer tablet. The woman was so organized she could give generals lessons in strategic planning during wartime. Kayla tried to keep her mind on the wedding and being a supportive friend, but Matt insisted on sneaking into her thoughts no matter how hard she tried to keep him out.

She felt as if she was on a tightwire, desperately trying to keep her balance in a high wind.

"Dylan helped of course," Angie was saying. "Sage is so stubborn it usually takes the two of us to make a dent."

But both of Angelica's brothers were crazy about her, so it wasn't surprising that even Sage the Hermit was willing to please her. Sage had plenty of issues with their father, J.D., so much so that he had split off from the Lassiter Group and built a billion-dollar fortune his own way. Kayla couldn't help thinking that the rehearsal dinner might be filled with more drama than Angie was expecting.

"And, Dad's feeling well enough to come, too," Angie said, smiling. "I'm so glad. Of course, his nurse Colleen will be there just to keep an eye on things and as a guest. She's really become a member of the family in the last few months."

"I'm glad your dad's feeling well enough to come."

"Me, too," Angie said, "but he's still seeming so...fragile to me lately."

Her father's health had affected all of the Lassiters in one way or another. J.D. was a legend in Cheyenne, and seeing someone so much larger than life suddenly becoming almost frail was hard. For everyone.

"On another note entirely," Angie continued, "I noticed you and Matt haven't been fighting lately. No arguing, no snide comments..."

"We've come to an...understanding," she said without giving away too much information.

"Which is?"

"I'm not sure." Frowning, Kayla thought back over the past couple of weeks. They'd spent so much time together, yet Matt hadn't once tried to seduce her. Hadn't even kissed her. What was he up to? After that frenzied night they'd shared, he'd completely backed off. But he hadn't gone away, either. True to his word, he was inserting himself into her life, making it impossible to ignore him.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

Kayla lifted her coffee cup for a sip, then cradled the mug between her palms, letting the heat slide into her skin. "It means having him back here is good. But it's also confusing."

Angie smiled. "From everything you've told me-and by the way let me say again that you should have told me all of this nine months ago-"

"I know," Kayla agreed. Two weeks ago, she had finally confessed the whole truth about her and Matt's relationship to her friend. After being furious at having been kept in the dark all those months, Angie had been supportive. "You're right. Again."

"Thank you," Angie said. "I think Matt's trying to let you get used to the idea of him being with you with none of the sexual tension."

"That's what you think," she muttered.

Angie laughed. "Ooh, interesting. So there's still tension. But the question is, are you enjoying having Matt around?"

"Absolutely." The word had popped out before she could even think about holding it in.

Angie grinned. "That's the good news. Now the bad news?"

"That's easy. How can I trust him?" Kayla set her coffee cup down on the table. "He lives in L.A., Angie. And I live here. What will I do when he leaves again?"

"How can you trust him? People do occasionally learn and grow, Kayla," her friend said quietly. "And it sounds to me like he discovered he really didn't like his life without you in it and so he came back home."

"For how long?"

"You want guarantees?" Angie asked, shaking her head. "There aren't any. Even as wonderful as Evan is, as happy as we are together-there's no guarantee for us, either."

"And that doesn't worry you?"

"If I focused on it, it probably would," Angie admitted. "I choose to focus on the fact that I love him. And I know that he loves me."

Which was something Kayla didn't know about Matt. He had never said those three specific words. The words that would maybe make taking a chance just a little easier.

Six

It was a great party.

Matt looked around the room at the friends and family gathered for Evan and Angelica's rehearsal dinner. Sage Lassiter was standing against the wall, nursing a single beer and looking as though he'd rather be anywhere else. Marlene Lassiter, Angie's aunt, brought J.D. a tall bottle of water, and Matt was sure the older man wished it was a beer. And J.D.'s nurse Colleen looked fabulous in a red dress that gave the society women here tonight a run for their money.

Angie was cuddled in close to Evan and as the happy couple whispered together and shared a secretive smile, Matt frowned to himself. Where the hell is Kayla? As the maid of honor she had attended the rehearsal but when he'd tried to give her a lift to the dinner, she'd insisted on driving her own car. Had she gone home? Was she trying to avoid him?

Scowling, he took a sip of his scotch. If she didn't show up in a few minutes, he'd go looking for her. The past two weeks had nearly killed him. To be so close to her and not touch her had been much harder than he'd thought it could be. But that was the plan. Be with her. Be a part of her life. Show her that he wanted her with him. That she could trust him.

But it was taking so damn long, he was ready to pitch the whole plan out the closest window, toss her over his shoulder and cart her off to bed. Once he had her there again, he would spend hours convincing her just how much he loved her. How important she was to him.

He knew it was his own damn fault that he was in this situation, but what man wouldn't panic when he was unexpectedly slapped in the face by love? Nine months ago, he'd run as far and as fast as he could. Now, he had to find a way to prove to the only woman who mattered to him that he would never run from her, from what they could have together, again. He didn't have everything worked out yet. He couldn't promise he'd be staying in Cheyenne forever, but he knew he didn't want to live his life without Kayla in it. All he had to do was figure out what the hell to do about all of this.

Checking his watch, he realized the dinner was about to start. Dylan Lassiter hurried into the room, straightening his tie with one hand and smoothing his hair with the other. He looked like a man who'd been...busy. Well, at least someone was.

Matt knew it the moment she entered the room. He felt the nearly magnetic charge in the air. His gaze locked on her and when she smiled, everything inside him tightened. She wore blue. A dress with a scooped neck, a tight, short skirt and skinny straps that snaked across her shoulders. The black pumps she wore had three-inch heels and made her legs look even more amazing than usual.

She took his breath away. And judging by the knowing smile lighting her eyes, she knew exactly what she was doing to him. He made his way to her, and going against his own damn plan, he pulled her in for a quick, hard kiss. "You look amazing."

"Thank you," she said, lifting one hand to her lips as if feeling the kiss he'd left there.

Oh, yeah. He couldn't imagine now how he had kept from touching her for so long. Couldn't think why he'd had the idiotic idea to go slowly when all he wanted to do was snatch her up and never let her go.

But he would have to let go soon, wouldn't he? Unless, Matt told himself, he could find a way to keep them together. His heart filled and his mind raced and he knew suddenly what he had to have. What he needed, wanted more than anything else in the world. All he had to do was convince Kayla.

"Matt!" Evan hurried up to them. "Sorry Kayla, I just need a second with Matt."

A little irritated at being interrupted, especially now that he knew just what he wanted to do, Matt asked, "What's up?"

"I just wanted to let you know I'm going to need you to head back to L.A. right after the wedding."

Beside him, Matt felt Kayla stiffen. Great. Perfect timing.

"That new account you signed on? He wants to double down on his advertising budget and I need you to handle it personally."

"Sure," Matt said tightly. "Fine. I'll take care of it."

"I know you will," Evan agreed with a wide smile. "Okay, and that's all the shop talk allowed tonight, I swear." He scanned the crowd, spotted Angelica and said, "See you two later, huh?"

When he was gone, Matt stared down at Kayla.

"You're leaving soon." It wasn't a question.

"Yeah," he said, shoving one hand through his hair. If he could have, he would have kicked Evan for ruining tonight. For putting Kayla and him at odds before he'd even had a chance to smooth her into bed where he could romance her into the future he suddenly could see so clearly.

"Right after the wedding?"

"Apparently," he said. "Look, I didn't want to do this right now, but since it's in the open-Cheyenne will always be home to me, but I've got a life in California, too."

"Yes, I know." Her eyes were shadowed.

"Kayla..." Damn it, this wasn't going at all as he wanted it to.

She shook her head. "You don't owe me an explanation this time, Matt." Lifting her chin, she gave him a small but determined smile. "You're leaving. I'm staying. It's not like I'm surprised. We all knew you would be going back to L.A. eventually."

Yeah, they had known that all along. But until now, he hadn't really let himself acknowledge that leaving without her was completely unacceptable. How could he go back to a life without her in it? Impossible. Now all he had to do was make her see things his way. "Let me get you some wine." He took her arm and steered her through the crowd toward the bar.

"Matt, wine isn't going to solve anything."

Stubborn until the end. "Sometimes a glass of wine is just a glass of wine."

As they crossed the room, J.D. Lassiter picked up his bottle of water, frowned at it and instead reached for a nearby glass of champagne. Tapping a spoon against the delicate crystal until he had everyone's attention, the older man let his gaze sweep the crowd before saying, "Dinner's about to be served, so I wanted to say a few words before we get started."

His nurse was close at hand and she looked worried, Matt thought as he handed Kayla a glass of white wine. Frowning himself, he studied J.D. and realized that the man's skin had a gray cast to it.

"Is he okay?" Kayla whispered, their differences set aside for the moment.

"I don't know," Matt answered, but knew that there was no way to stop J.D. Lassiter once the man had decided on a course of action.

"We're all here to celebrate my girl Angelica's upcoming marriage."

Smatterings of applause broke out, before J.D. shushed them all with a wave of his hand. "I'm a big believer in family," he continued, his voice going softer. "A man makes mistakes in his life, can't avoid them. But the one thing you should be able to count on is family."

Kayla glanced around the room, wondering if anyone else but she was noticing that J.D. didn't look too well. But the others were clearly just listening to the words.

"All of us gathered here tonight are family. By blood or by choice. Doesn't matter. The only thing that does matter is that we're here for each other come what may. So I'll ask you to lift your glasses-"

He stopped. Eyes going wide briefly, his expression vaguely surprised, J.D. dropped the champagne flute and the fine crystal shattered on the tile floor. He didn't seem to notice. He took a single step, then slumped to the floor and lay still.

The next few minutes felt as if they'd been pulled out of time. Kayla knew only moments went by but everything took place in such slow motion it was as if hours were crawling past. She watched as if from a distance even though she was right in the middle of it all.

Chaos erupted. Angie screamed. Colleen dropped beside J.D., loosening his tie and collar. She checked his pulse and as Dylan and Sage dropped to the other side of their father, she began CPR.

Horrified whispers ran just beneath the shouts and choked, muffled sobbing from the people gathering in a tight circle around the fallen giant.

Kayla moved to Angie, wrapped one arm around her and held on as Evan dialed 911. Holding on to her friend, feeling the other woman's tremors wracking through her own body, Kayla watched helplessly as Colleen continued CPR.

Matt herded the crowd back, giving those trying to help J.D. the room they needed. Matt's gaze locked with Kayla's and she knew exactly what he was thinking. It didn't look good. There'd been no change in J.D.'s condition. He lay still and quiet, the only island of calm in a churning storm of emotion.

Sage and Dylan hovered over their father, helping Colleen as they could, focusing on the old man as if they could use the strength of their will to heal him.

And Kayla thought wildly, there was a part of her half-expecting J.D. to sit up, laugh that booming laugh of his and tell everyone it was all a joke. A prank.

But he didn't move and as seconds passed and the sounds of approaching sirens grew louder, Kayla hugged her friend tighter, knowing that nothing was ever going to be the same for any of them again.

* * *

At the hospital, Kayla felt absolutely useless. She couldn't help J.D. Couldn't help her friend. Couldn't help herself.

Angie was bereft, huddled against Evan's chest, her quiet sobs echoing in the eerie stillness of a cold, antiseptic waiting room. Colleen sat beside Marlene, offering what comfort she could while Sage and Dylan paced relentlessly across pale green linoleum. No matter what happened with J.D. tonight, Angie had already made the decision that the wedding would be postponed indefinitely.

No one could think of a wedding right now and Kayla had promised to make all the necessary calls as soon as they knew what was happening.

Until then, Kayla was grateful for the warmth and strength of Matt's arm around her shoulders. It felt good to have him with her. Even though it tore at her to think that soon he would be gone again, right now, he was here. With her. And she knew somehow that as long as she needed him, he would stay. All night if necessary. Even longer. As that thought slid through her mind, she realized that she believed in him.

She wasn't sure when it had happened, but Kayla was convinced now that he really did want her in his life. How that would work out, she didn't have a clue, but maybe together they could find a way.

As an anonymous voice bristled over the loudspeaker, Marlene cried into a tissue and Dylan offered to bring everyone coffee. But before they could respond, a doctor strode into the waiting room and everyone there leaped to their feet. They had been waiting so long-now they would finally have answers. But judging from the look on the doctor's face, Kayla knew none of them was going to like what he had to say.

"Ms. Lassiter," he said, stopping directly in front of Angie.

She stood up, with Evan, Sage and Dylan flanking her in a protective half circle. "Yes?"

"I am sorry," the doctor offered, his gaze shifting between the family members before coming back to Angie. "We did everything we could, but your father passed away."

Angie swayed in Evan's arms, Marlene cried out and even Colleen had tears streaming down her face. The Lassiter men, including Evan, were stoic but pain gleamed in their eyes.

Kayla was stunned. Shocked. J.D. had been ill, but to die like that? The night before his daughter's wedding? To go so suddenly, so quickly. In one moment, everything had changed.

It was staggering to realize that life, so wonderful, so precious, could end in the blink of an eye. Kayla's heart hurt for her friend and the rest of the Lassiters. Their world had just changed forever. But maybe it was a lesson, too. To not waste time. To be sure to tell the people you love while you still had the chance.

Now, she looked up into Matt's green eyes and saw that he too had been hit hard by this news. But he only held her tighter, closer, as if he could somehow protect her from anything else that fate might throw at them.

* * *

A few days later, Kayla was still fielding phone calls from people wanting to know how Angie was dealing with her father's death. She wanted to shout, How do you think she's feeling? But she didn't, because she knew that others felt just as helpless in the face of a tragedy as she did.

To make it worse, she hadn't seen Matt since the night J.D. died. He'd spent the night, and in the darkness they'd held on to each other, each of them giving and taking comfort.

But just like nine months ago, in the morning he was gone. No word. No kiss goodbye. Nothing. She hadn't heard from him since. For all she knew, he'd already left and gone back to L.A. At the thought, something inside her twisted in pain.

Why would he do that again? She'd actually tried to call him this time, but hadn't reached him. Was he finally making it a clean break? But what about everything he'd said over the past couple of weeks? What about what they'd both felt? Was that nothing? Was she supposed to just ignore the pain and pick up the pieces of her life again? Pretend nothing had happened? Nothing had changed?

She was so confused and torn, Kayla hadn't even gone in to work the past few days. She had stayed shut away in her house, reliving the night of J.D.'s death. Trying to come to terms with what she was feeling, thinking. Yet every thought circled back around to Matt. She didn't know what to do about it. About him. Her feelings for him.

But she did know that she wouldn't go through what she had before. She wouldn't drown in misery and agony. If there was one thing J.D.'s death had taught her, it was that life was too short. It went too fast. And could end all too unexpectedly.

Life could change in a blink. End in a moment. As for those who were left behind, their lives could be rearranged, altered forever in the span of a single heartbeat.

When the doorbell rang, she set her coffee cup down on the kitchen table and walked to answer it. Finding Matt on her front porch sent her reeling.

"I thought you were gone," she blurted.

He snorted. Pushing past her into the house, he grumbled, "You thought I would leave again? Without talking to you?"

"I haven't seen you in days," she countered, closing the door and following him into the living room. God, he looked good.

"I had some thinking to do."

"And you had to do that away from me?"

"Yeah, this time, I did." He looked at her and she felt his gaze on her as powerfully as she would have a touch. She'd missed him with a bone-deep ache that just seeing him again was already easing.

"Okay," she said. "What was so important? What were you thinking about?"

"Really?" He shook his head. "You can ask me that? I was thinking about you, Kayla. Us."

"Us?" Her heartbeat jumped and a flurry of nerves awakened in the pit of her stomach.

"Of course us." He pushed one hand through his hair. "Ever since the night J.D. died, I haven't been able to stop thinking about us. Hell, I put off the trip to California because I couldn't leave without settling some things between us."

She took a deep breath and held it. Her gaze locked on him, and she couldn't have looked away for anything.

"But you haven't even spoken to me in days, Matt. You didn't even call me back after I called you."

"I know." He shook his head again. "You've got a right to be pissed, but hear me out first, at least."

Last time, they hadn't talked. This time, Kayla told herself, she wanted to hear everything he had to say.

"Coming back to Cheyenne," he said, "I knew I wanted to reconnect with you. I even had a plan."

"What sort of plan?" Kayla watched him and saw emotions dart across the surface of his eyes in a rush too quick for her to identify any of them.

"Doesn't matter now. Oh, I thought it was brilliant. I'm good at plans," he muttered thickly, once again pacing the confines of the small living room. "Ask anyone. I know how to land a big account for Lassiter Media. I know how to build a career and make millions. I know how to buy a damn art gallery secretly."

"You bought an art gallery?"

He snorted and shot her a quick look. "Yeah. It was supposed to be a surprise for you. Once my plan was finished."

That unsteady feeling she'd been experiencing only got worse as the whole world seemed to shift and slide beneath her feet.

"It was a surprise but it's not now?" Confused, she kept watching him and couldn't help thinking that this was the first time since she'd known him that Matt seemed...unsure of himself.

"Well, since I just told you about it, it's not a surprise," he grumbled. "But more than that, the plan's not going to be finished because I'm done with the plan."

"Why don't you tell me what the 'plan' was."

"Simple. I was going to take it slow with you. No fast moves. Earn your trust. Make you believe in me-us-again." He snorted. "But hell..."

"So," she said around a knot that settled in her throat. It seemed this was just going to get worse and she wouldn't have thought that possible. Her heartbeat slowed and dread gathered in her chest. "You don't want me anymore."

His gaze snapped to hers. "Are you crazy? You're all I want, Kayla. The rest of the world could drop into the ocean and I wouldn't care as long as I had you."

Dread dissolved and hope rose up, fluttering wildly in the pit of her stomach. She took a breath and held it, afraid to listen. Afraid to not listen.

"No, it's the plan I'm done with," he said tightly. "Like I said, I was going to take my time. Prove to you that you could trust me. No rush. No hurry. I thought that was the best way. See, I know I love you-"

She reached out and grabbed hold of the back of a chair, just to keep herself steady. There it was. The three words she most wanted to hear. But he hadn't even noticed the effect they'd had on her because he was still talking. She hadn't expected this. Hadn't thought to hope for it. A smile hovered at the corners of her mouth, but she forced herself to listen.

"I knew you'd need time to believe me. Hell," he snorted, "I pretty much guaranteed that by leaving without even talking to you nine months ago. There's no way you would just take my word for it if I told you what I felt for you. Why should you?"

"Matt..." She tried to interrupt, to tell him that she loved him, too. That she didn't want to waste another moment with doubt, mistrust. She wanted to grab hold of life-and him-and never let go. She wanted to say so much, but he was on a roll and kept right on talking.

"I wanted you to be sure. To love me back. To know that I'd never leave you again." Shaking his head in disgust, he stopped at the coffee pot, poured them both a cup, then didn't bother to drink his.

"So what changed?" she asked. "Why are you done with the big plan?"

He snapped her another fierce look. "J.D. died. He wasn't expecting it. Hadn't made a plan for it. He was just standing there toasting his daughter and boom. Gone."

"I know, Matt, but-"

"No." He shook his head and laid both hands on her shoulders. "No buts. That night I saw just how quickly things could change. End. I realized that by taking my time with you, I might be risking everything. So screw it. I'm not going to take my time. I'm going to tell you how it's gonna be between us."

"Is that right?" She was so happy, she felt like dancing, singing, cheering. And a part of her knew that in the midst of the sadness they'd felt days before, the urge to be happy was a victory in itself.

"That's right. I love you. Always have. I was too much of a coward to admit that nine months ago, but I'm not now."

"Matt-"

"Let me finish."

"Okay." Her heart was beating so fast it was a wonder he couldn't hear it.

"I bought a house in Malibu last month. It's on a cliff, overlooking the ocean."

"Sounds beautiful."

"There's a room that's perfect for an artist's studio. Plenty of natural light and the view is pretty stupendous."

"Artist's studio?" Her heart was hammering in her chest.

"For you, Kayla." He came to her, dropped both hands onto her shoulders and looked down into her eyes. "You can paint all day if you want to. Or you can take over that gallery you used to work in after college. You remember?"

"Of course I do. I loved that little gallery." It was where she'd learned everything she really knew about art and artists. "What do you mean I can take it over?"

"I bought it," he blurted. "Finalized the deal this morning over the phone."

She swayed a little, but his hands on her kept her steady. "That's the gallery you bought? For me?"

"Of course for you!" He yanked her in close, so close that she could feel his heart thundering as fast and furiously as her own. "I love you. I want you with me. In L.A."

"L.A.?"

"Cheyenne is home, too. I get that, now more than ever. Staying away was hard on me." He bent his head to hers. "We'll keep both our houses if you want to and we'll spend time every year in both places. But yeah. My job for the Lassiters keeps me in L.A. and I need you there with me, Kayla. More than need even, I want you there with me."

"You want me to move to L.A. with you."

God, uprooting her entire life? Could she do it? Did she want to? Looking into Matt's eyes, she knew the answer to that last question was a resounding yes. What did she really have in Cheyenne? Some good friends and a good job at someone else's gallery. Moving to Los Angeles would give her the man of her dreams, her own gallery and maybe even the chance to start painting again. L.A. didn't have the same appeal as Cheyenne, but it did have Matt.

"No. Well, yes. We can get married on the coast."

"We're getting married?" She laughed and shook her head. This was all so much, her head was spinning.

He kissed her hard, then took a breath and said, "I messed this up completely. Yes. I want us to get married. I'm asking you to marry me, even though I'm not doing a good job of it. To take a chance. To believe I love you and that you can trust me. Forever."

"Yes." One simple word but the only one she needed. The only important word in the world right now. Funny, it was so easy when it really came down to it. She had wondered and worried for months over what she felt for Matt. What she might do if he came back. And now he was here and it was all so...simple. She loved him. And now, she knew he loved her, too.

Being with him was all that mattered. L.A. Cheyenne. Wherever they were, if they were together, everything would be perfect.

"Yes?" He looked at her and love shone in his eyes so brightly, Kayla had the answer to every question she might have had.

"Yes, I'll marry you," she whispered, reaching up to cup his cheek in her palm. "I love you, Matt. I always have. I was just so angry and hurt."

He turned his face into her palm and kissed it. "I know. And I will always regret putting you through that, but I can promise you it will never happen again, Kayla. I love you more than anything in the world."

"I believe you," she said and went up on her toes to kiss him. "And I don't want to miss another minute of life with you."

"Thank God," he murmured and wrapped her in his arms before kissing her until they were both breathless. Finally, he lifted his head, looked down into her eyes and whispered, "You're everything to me, Kayla. I love you now and forever."

"That's all I need to know, Matt. I love you, too, and I can't wait to see the artist studio you have waiting for me."

He grinned. "You can see it in a few hours. We're flying out tonight on the Lassiter jet."

"Tonight?"

He cupped her cheek in his palm. "We're not wasting another minute, Kayla. Let's start our lives together now."

"But the gallery, I've got to hand in my resignation. And there's Angie, I shouldn't leave her right now."

He held her in a hard hug, then looked down into her eyes. "We'll both be there for Angie and Evan. Once things here settle down some, they'll be coming back to L.A., too. Until then, there are a few things I have to take care of in L.A. but we can fly back here together next weekend. And then we'll stay as long as they need us. Okay?"

They really could have the best of both worlds. His cliffside place in L.A. and her cottage here in Cheyenne. She wouldn't really be giving up anything to move; instead, she would be gaining everything.

She was going to take that leap of faith. Kayla knew that being with Matt would make her life happier than she'd ever dreamed possible.

She smiled up at him, reveling in the promise of love and life and a future that looked brighter than any she could have dreamed of. "Let me get my purse."

