One

I felt someone's presence before I opened my eyes. Slightly opening my lids, and cursed inwardly from the brightness of the sunshine that was hurting my eyes.

Great, I forgot about closing the blinds again last night.

Willing my sleepy eyes to open a little wider this time, I was stunned to find Blake sitting on my couch, right across me, wearing a dark scowl on his face.

Why, oh why! Did I even give him a spare key, again? Ah, yes! So, that he can have a place to go to if he was feeling out of sorts.

Genius idea that was.

Rubbing my eyes and yawned loudly. I glanced at his quiet form, still wearing a brooding scowl on his face and still not speaking.

Okay...

"Good morning to you too," my voice sleepy and draped with sarcasm.

What's with the attitude? I thought.

"What the bloody hell were you thinking, Sienna?!" his voice grating and condescending, his beautiful expressive eyes-midnight blue rimmed with grey and flecks of gold in the middle-flashing suppressed anger, stormy and formidable.

"Excuse me? What in the world are you yapping about, Blake?" was he drunk, high or something? He didn't look it.

"Care to enlighten me?" exasperated and annoyed.

I felt like someone ran me over, I probably looked it too.

I'd give anything for coffee right now, I groaned.

What kind of mess am I in? I don't recall stepping on anyone's toes before leaving to go home, I think.

I just landed yesterday, jet-lagged, and a little drained from my conversation with Luce before she left for Turkey with Toby. And now, this.

He barges in here like he owns the place, demanding and with a taxing demeanor.

Wait, how did he know I arrived already? Uh, Lucy Connelly probably did the courtesy.

She's my friend, my flatmate, and dating Toby Watson-Blake's best friend since childhood. I met Lucy at a college party. She was sweet and genuine and we hit it right-off. She casually mentioned that the woman, who she shared an apartment with, left for New York to follow her boyfriend, so I immediately inquired about the vacant room.

I was living in student housing then, but needed my own place-away from cat-fights, drunken noise, and drama. She offered excitedly and wanted me to check it out the next day, I accepted. I moved in two days later. Our friendship blossomed. And we became each others close confidants.

She went to school with Toby and Blake, in London School of Economics. And when she started dating Toby, two weeks after I moved in, I became friends with the two men-more so with Blake. We just clicked.

That was a little over eight months ago.

"I ran into Lucy last night, in Toby's flat, and she casually mentioned that you came back last night, without telling anyone, might I add. So, OBVIOUSLY, I wanted to visit you-but she stopped me, revealed that you were in a delicate state-so, of course, my curiosity peaked-I badgered her until she told me what she knew-and learned about your 'little interlude' with Kyle-while her girlfriend was in the premise-the intention of 'closure', indeed, was lost to you," his furious expression deepened when he said 'little incident.'

I blushed.

Shit.

He probably thinks I'm a hussy now, giving in to Kyle's advances.

I glanced away from him quickly. Was he ticked off that I hadn't called him about what happened and learned it from Lucy? Even managed to sound-hurt?

I'm sort of in a tricky situation, Kyle cheated with his girlfriend-with me. When I told Luce, she was shocked and felt wretched for me. So, it's no surprise, really, with Blake's reaction.

"Yeah, about that...it was a merely a moment of madness-I'm shattered about it-who wouldn't be in my situation? My emotions got the best of me....,"

I wanted to erase the whole entire visit back home from my lagging memory.

"How could you put yourself in that position? I didn't understand the bloody need to go and get 'closure'-he already started seeing someone else-before he called to break it off with you. Have you forgotten about that? He's a cheater! But still there you went prancing back to Los Angeles. And to make matters worse, he took advantage of that. You were intoxicated and placed yourself in danger!" his scowled deepened, "You could've been hurt, Sienna."

I was, not in the way he was implying, but my heart and pride were crushed.

"How you exaggerate things and blow it out of proportion!-really now, Blake... it's Kyle we're talking here. He would never hurt me, not like that." I fidgeted with my lemon chiffon-colored, six hundred count sheets with my fingers trying to gather ground.

Was it really pathetic to look for closure? No, but if the guy in question cheated-surely closure is out of the question? My thoughts queried.

He sighed deeply.

He got up from the couch and stood in front of me, holding out his hand. His frame dominated the room. It's a pretty decent size, but put Blake's presence anywhere and the result would be the same, size be damned.

He has that pulling power around him and his dark good looks just enhanced it.

Dressed in nude chino shorts, blue dress shirt pushed back to his elbows and tan soft-leather loafers. He looked like he just stepped out from a Dolce and Gabbana summer photo shoot.

Sometimes I wish he was average looking then it be easier to look at him and not melt.

A few strands of his wavy locks fell onto his forehead, looking down on me, his beautiful face complacent, "I made the courtesy of brewing some coffee. Come."

Taking his outreached hand and pulling me out of bed, "I was worried, Sienna. I care for your well-being. Don't be cross," I looked down, not meeting his gaze.

He towered over my five feet two stature. He inhaled deeply, smelling my forehead before kissing it, grabbed my hand and walked towards to the kitchen where the smell of freshly brewed coffee emanated, drawing me closer.

He didn't utter a word until I had my first sip of caffeine. "How are you really feeling? Okay? Not okay?" studying my reaction, pensive.

"Yes-no-I don't know? Can one be ever okay after a broken heart?" I doubt it, shrugging, "I'm sure I'll move on, but I doubt I'll put my heart out there like that-it's traumatizing enough-being vulnerable is something I don't take lightly-knowing my background and all," sipping my scalding coffee without batting an eyelash.

It's true, vulnerability reminds me of my demoralizing childhood and hell will freeze over before I will let myself in that compromising position.

Blake's handsome head nodded in agreement, with evident understanding. He had an idea of my rotten years of misery, but never really pushed me to talk about it. I appreciated it and respected him for it. Both of our parents died when we were young and it was something we have in common-and it gave us a platform of understanding-that we didn't have to explain the details, but simply understood the pain-the loss-the daunting uncertainty of loneliness and the frightening feeling of what loomed in the horizon.

Blake and I immediately became really close after Lucy dated Toby which was right about when I moved in with Luce. We liked the same books, shows, board games-amongst other things. We hit it right-off the bat and hung out once a week or so-when he's not busy with his women. And there'd been a lot.

In the beginning, both Luce and Toby thought we would start dating too, but after a few months of insinuating, they finally let-up-accepting the fact that we clearly are just friends, platonic friends. I must admit that-at times-my mind drifts off and imagine-envisaging what it would be like to date someone like Blake. Six foot three in stature, all muscles and the most arresting face-full lips, straight nose, chiseled jaw-his unique eyes, hypnotizing.

Sometimes, I get caught up staring into those eyes and forget where I was. Blake is the sexiest man-sinful and beautiful-my eyes ever graced upon. And I always immediately snap myself back to reality when I get reminded that he's a good friend and that he dates tall, beautiful, leggy, statuesque type of women-preferably lingerie models. My coca-cola-bottle-shaped form did not stand a chance.

Sure, most red-blooded male find me desirable and gorgeous, but with Blake, I simply felt plain Jane.

"...so, it should be okay, right?" I wasn't paying attention to what he was saying. And my dumb-founded look seemed to annoy him.

Glaring at me and combing his hair with his right hand. He looks frustrated. Something was bugging him. But, what?

"Sienna... I was asking you if you wanted to eat breakfast."

"You haven't had breakfast yet? How come? You never leave anywhere without eating first thing in the morning..." I trailed off. "Hold on, how long have you been here? Sitting and scowling at me like a bear with a sore head?!" accusing green/gold to his midnight silver blue.

"Awhile..."

I glared at him some more, not budging.

"Okay-okay-I think...quite possibly around four in the morning, I suppose?" he looked sheepish admitting this piece of information and started to run his fingers on his dark locks, again. This habit comes out when he's anxious. He doesn't know that I know this, but I noticed it enough. I notice everything about him.

Did I hear that right? Four in the morning?

"WHAAAAAT!?!"

Oh, hell. He's really pushing it. People break-up and get hurt all the time. There's no need to go to such lengths on my own account.

"I was concerned about you. I was worried and wanted to see for myself that you were okay. You're one of my closest friends, Sienna, sometimes even more than Toby-and I didn't want some bloody idiotic wanker treating you so badly-like you're worth nothing! And you weren't picking up your bloody phone and so I rushed coming here, like the good friend that I am, checking if you drunk yourself to stupor or what of it."

"I was sleeping! So, obviously, it was on silent!" I snapped at him.

He has a very active imagination. How will he run his grandad's empire if he's extremely paranoid? The whole company will crumble under his thumb in a week. The thought made me smile. That would be a sight to see. But knowing how he is, he'll excel and surpass expectations like he always does.

His frown deepened.

I scowled.

Not withstand this feeling of being at odds with him, I grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the couch. Our living room was painted in egg shell yellow, consists of two huge couches, HD television and a coffee table and other knick knacks to make it warm and inviting. The contrast of dark wooden floor and a huge area baby blue rug gave a homey cozy feel. It's spacious and airy at the same time, never stifling.

I love this flat. I felt like I belonged here.

We sat next to each other on one of the dark mustard colored couches, shoulders touching. Our thighs touched. I glanced down and studied the outline of those well-toned muscular thighs, eyes full of admiration. Uncomfortable, I looked at my very skimpy short cotton soft-pink baby doll and felt a little flustered.

How the heck did I manage to forget that I'm wearing almost next to nothing? I tried to cover my thighs by pulling it down more, but there's little fabric to pull.

Get over it, I told myself, he won't be interested, might as well strip naked and test it. He'd probably beg you to get dressed before I embarrass us more. I smirked at the thought. I tend to push his buttons a lot.

"Look, Blake, I apologize for my rude behavior. I'm sure if something happened to you-I would do the exact same thing-I was just taken aback-thank you for caring. It means a lot to me. I suppose I should've seen it coming with Kyle. We didn't see each other for nine months and we grew apart tremendously over the months. The signs were there-but I ignored it. Somehow, deep down, I might've guessed that it was bound to happen. Kyle was a big part of my past. It's sad that things had to end this way. We could've parted on nicer terms. But it happened and I just have to accept that."

That seemed to alleviate his mood-just a tad bit.

I took his right hand with my left and squeezed it tightly. Holding his hand, he took other hand and touched my chin, making me look straight in his eyes, only a few inches apart. I felt my stomach drop and I was mesmerized.

I've never been this close to Blake. But WOW, he easily takes my breath away.

He's so beautiful! Be still, my heart.

"Are you sure you're okay? Tell me-honestly? I want to beat his bloody ass to a pulp for hurting you! I warned you about that trip," still angry and frustrated.

I cleared my throat and reached out and hugged him.

Blake's such a good friend, maybe even a best friend. He cares for me. I suddenly felt like I had lump in my throat. There's only a few that do and I'll treasure them forever.

"I'm a bit well now, Blake-don't fuss about me! Sure, it was awful-you know-but the whole ordeal made me look at the bigger picture and realized that-I can't hold on to the past...even if it was something I held dear to my heart-I have to let it go and move on," whispering to him as my head nestled on his broad shoulder. I moved a little closer to his neck, wanting to rest my head and fall back asleep again. He smelled delicious with a hint of lemon aftershave and something masculine.

He smelled divine, sighing loudly. How ironic is this? He came here to console me and here I was thinking naughty thoughts about him?

I hate it when I get this weird feeling with Blake, it happens once in awhile to be honest. It makes me act awkward afterwards. I'm a woman, even if he's my friend, it doesn't make me immune to his charms or his striking looks. Or his mouth-watering smell. GAH!

I released him from my hug and sat back to enjoy my coffee.

Clearly my reaction to his smell bothered me. "Let's get you out. Let's do something fun, after we have breakfast at The Wolseley?" he looked like he was trying to conjure a plan. "Like, what?" thoughtfully asking him knowing well enough that he didn't quite know what the heck it was. He loves throwing ideas and act on it, spontaneous man that he is.

"Whatever you fancy," saying it with purpose as he sat back and splaying both arms on the back of the couch, legs both on the table. Looking like a Greek god, lazing about with sheer contentment.

His strong, thick powerful legs showcased before my lustful eyes.

Is there anything that this man was made of without being so sinful? Everything about him screamed of sin and sex. And I'm hot and bothered. Was I always this hyper-aware of Blake? Was it always like this? Quite possibly, it was too much-my sleepy state can't process this heavy confusion and the coffee seemed to be working weakly.

Hell.

"Knightly, it was your idea. I'd rather sit at home and just sleep some more if you ask me. Oh! How about we just watch movies here all day on the couch?" smiling sweetly at him. Give in, please? I don't want to shower and get dressed, I thought lazily.

"That would not be a good idea, poppet. Get up! you little skive and get dressed! I'll have it figured out before we leave, alright?" giving me his signature killer smile, sexy dimples showing.

I love it when he calls me poppet with his cute British accent. Truth be told, I have a hard time saying no to him when he dishes out this type of smile and he well bloody knows it.

I groaned.

I got up and threw him a hap-sack pillow on the head. "This better be worth my time, Knightly," giving him a 'I'm-not-so-amused' face and started to leave when he surprisingly pulled me down next to him on the couch.

"Trust me?"

I nodded and went to my room to get changed. Why was he being so intense about the whole Kyle thing? It's so uncanny. I'm not sure if I like him being this way towards me.

Two

Showered and ready to go, I gave myself a once over on the full-length mirror that hung on my bathroom door. I wore a powder blue cotton dress that fitted tightly around the torso and flares nicely in the bottom, sitting two inches above my knees.

I matched the dress with mustard-colored wedge espadrilles. I hastily placed my naturally wavy dark hair on a loose wavy bun, evoking simplicity and still achieve to look sexy.

I applied tinted moisturizer, pink gloss and just enough mascara to bring out my bright green eyes with a burst of gold to pop-out. It was one of my best features, so even if I feel like death inside, I needed to look at least presentable. It's part of my coping mechanism I learned when I was ten years old. Always look put together.

My golden-brown skin can be credited to my Brazilian/Caucasian mixed heritage. Spritzing my signature Coco Mademoiselle, grabbed my tan Botkier tote and headed to the where Blake was patiently waiting.

I found him in the kitchen on the phone. He turned around, gave me a swift examination before ending the call. "Ready?" politely asking me, still rooted to his spot.

"Yep"

"To breakfast, milady," holding out his arm to link with mine.

I smiled stupidly at him as we walked out the door and straight to the elevator.

"Figured anything out, yet?" referring to 'his plan of action'.

"Sorted as promised-but it's a surprise..." looking impish and smug, I nudged him.

Ding.

Getting out the elevator and headed towards the main entrance, "You have got to be joking! Why does it have to be a surprise? I hate surprises!" I exclaimed. I do hate surprises. Because the surprises are horrible, every single time. So, I'm a tad skeptical about this one.

"You did agree to trust me... remember, poppet?" gazing at me with a playful smile as the sunshine accentuated his beautifully sculpted features making him look annoyingly sexy as we hit the side-walk.

A few women that passed by stared openly at him. A harried woman stopped, awed, halted in her tracks and just ogled-previous destination long forgotten-as she was rooted on the cemented side-walk.

Yeah, yeah he's hot. So, What? I wanted to snap that woman out of her trance.

Don't get me wrong, I adore Blake. I think he's smart, articulate, funny, crazy talented and has a heart of gold (reserved to those he trusts). But it can be exhausting to be his friend. Lucy goes through the same problem. We were the only women that Blake is friends with. So, we get hounded for trivial information. Anything, to help them out they say. Right, if Blake really wanted a woman, he'll pursue her relentlessly, not the other way around, spoken out of Lucy's very lips.

I go to a Fashion School (majoring in Fashion Marketing), and of course, the women asked about him after he once picked me up from school-parked on the curb and was leaning deliciously on his sexy car-that alone drove questions from six-Six!-adult, grown women who had their panties twisted. The girlfriends I brought from school to party with us, a few times, brought hysterics. Like "OMG, have you SEEN that ASS?" or "HOLY FUCK! He's GORGEOUS!" or "Shit, Sienna, can you hook me up?" There's more, but I don't want to elaborate any longer, it's taxing to my precious sanity. Blake of course, never hooks-up with any of them because they aren't lingerie model material.

Glancing at him, I shrugged.

"Yeah, right," thinking that this surprise better not suck or I'm going back to my bed to wallow, sleep and wallow some more. Jet-lag, thoughts of Kyle... what else?

Kyle... did he know I left home? Home is Los Angeles for me and where Kyle is. My best friend, my protector....my first love, my first everything-before he totally broke my heart almost a month ago when I got that call.

Kyle and I practically grew up together. He lived few houses down from me. We were each others' strength ever since seven years of age and we never grew apart-until I left for school in London. After a few months in, he started being distant and reluctantly talks to me over the phone and when he does, he was nonchalant. I refuted his attitude off with viable reasons such as him missing me and couldn't stand having me so far away from him and all. So, I ignored it.

Wanting to bridge the wedge between us, I decided to surprise him. I had a two week window in between semesters and I could easily visit him. But before I booked the ticket, he called me.

I was the one surprised.

That call shattered everything that I believed what Kyle and I had, that we were invincible. He told me that he met someone else and he's been seeing her for a month. He justified his actions by stating that it was too difficult without me there and he was lonely.

Lonely?!

Two years of being together and best friends since the age of seven? Thrown out the window because he was lonely?! What a cruel joke.

Of course, Luce, Chad and Blake consoled me and all three begged me not to forgo my trip to Los Angeles. They argued that he wasn't worth it and I might just end up regretting the decision.

But I held my ground and still manage to book that blasted airline ticket.

I'm not a coward and I needed to see it for myself.

To hear him say it, I needed him to say it.

Tell me, that it's over.

Guiding me to the parked Black One 77 Aston Martin on the curb, he opened the door and let me in. The heady perfume of leather and Blake's signature aroma annihilated my nostrils.

My stomach churned, I love his smell. It's unique mixture of lemon aftershave and his skin.

Opening his side of the door and slid to the black leather seat next to me. Pulled out his aviator shades and started the engine pulling into traffic towards Picadilly. Some of his hair fell on the side. Looking like a sinful sleek rock God, in control and dominating.

What's with Italian men and glorious hair, anyway? Even if he's only half Italian-he certainly got the coloring and the hair thing going on.

I can't help my thoughts sometimes. My reaction towards him comes naturally. He's just too damn sexy.

"Did you sleep at all last night?" looking at him to see his facial expression.

He smirked, "No not really."

I frowned at his answer.

"But-why? You could've confronted me in the morning, Blake-why the need to show up that late?" I'm nursing my ego, pride, and my heart, but certainly not suicidal.

He exhaled deeply, "I needed to see with my own very eyes that you were not crying yourself to oblivion or drinking yourself to stupor-I was worried. And it didn't help that you were alone in the flat and I reprimanded Lucy for leaving you in the state that you were in-even if she argued that you wanted to go straight to bed." He looked so serious and started to get angry again.

"It's not Lucy's fault that I showed up unannounced a week early than arranged and besides they have planned a trip to Turkey. I'm not about to have her stay back here because I had my heart broken? That's ludicrous! She was worried but I convinced her to leave-to leave me alone. I needed to be left alone last night and I think deep down she knew that-it was what I needed."

He looked pensive and seemed not to buy my argument.

I tugged at his shirt.

"Blake, you can't seriously be mad at Lucy? She didn't do anything wrong," I was adamant that he believe me. I'm not going to let him be mad at Lucy and he knew it too. He's just trying to drive me insane. They were my friends and they mean a lot-I consider them like family.

Taking out my hand, linked his on mine and placed both of our hands on his thigh, he spoke.

"I hate seeing you hurt, Sienna. You're one of my best friends and I cannot endure-you being shattered and vunerable. You always had this easy going, happy attitude about you and after you got that call about two weeks ago-you've changed. I know you're hurt, poppet. But let me help you-ease some of the pain? You're not alone in this. If the situation were reversed, you would do exact same thing for me. Let me take care of you-until you're better."

Surprised and astonished from his speech, I gathered my dumbfounded brain to make a response. How lucky am I to have a friend like Blake? I know he doesn't let a lot people in his private domain. He's selective with his friends. He doesn't talk much about his family, but from what I gathered from Toby, to those he let in, he'll be your friend for life. Sort of like 'til-death-do-us-part' type of loyalty.

Blake sounded too serious and I needed to lighten up the mood.

Quirking my left eyebrow at him I asked, "Ease some of my pain, Knightly? Wonder how easily you can manage that! Tell me where and when I'll show up, milord," wearing a seductive smile and flicking my flashes at him going for the full effect.

Flashing me his magnetic smile as swiftly parked the car and killed the engine, giving me his full undivided attention. "Frisky, are we today, my sweet?" he drawled, brushing subtle strokes on my arm that still held his right-hand.

Ha, I see how he's going to play this. Two can play that game.

"Cuanto me quieres, papi?" Papi means daddy, but it was widely used as an endearment, in other Spanish speaking countries, mostly in a sexual situation.

How much do you want me, papi? I purred at him knowing full-well he spoke fluent Spanish amongst other languages he fluently excelled in.

I leaned over him, inhaling his smell and whispered seductively, "Te deseo, papi-dentro de mi," pulling back, biting my lip and gazed at him through my lashes for the full-effect.

His chiseled jaw dropped.

I want you, papi-inside me.

The air crackled, heavy with arousal. I felt him hold my hand tighter.

He swallowed hard and groaned.

Okay. I kind of over did that, but I couldn't help teasing him. I just wanted to see if he would take the bait, and he did.

I busted out laughing. I couldn't help it. It was just too intense; I had to figure out a way to burst this weird situation I got myself in. And laughing always seems to work.

"I'm sorry, I got carried away. I couldn't help teasing you-the opportunity was there and I just had to grab it!" smiling at him with pure innocence.

He laughed too, his throaty sexy laugh. "Woman, you almost gave me a heart attack! That was some sexy stuff you just pulled. Lucky, I didn't take the bait and had my wicked way with you!" winking at me and opening his door to get out of the car.

He went to my side, opened the door and held his hand to help me out. Chivalry's always alive and kicking with Blake and Toby. I'm lucky to have found Lucy as my flatmate and made very good friends with those two caring men, Blake especially.

"Did you make a reservation?"

"Don't worry about anything. I got it handled." He said reassuringly.

I nodded.

"Mr, Knightly, lovely to see you again. How is your grandfather?" questioned the maitre d', middle-aged man wearing a suit and thick glasses, as he ushered us to our table. "He's lovely, thank you," he said casually, while placing his hand on my back as we headed to our table.

"Here we are! Let me know if there is anything that I can do for you, Mr. Knightly. Good to see you again, Enjoy," he said enthusiastically at Blake. "Thank you, Gerard."

Gerard gave a light nod and smiled towards me and stealthily left our table.

I knew he and his grandad came here often. Blake adores his grandfather. He took him in when Blake was ten years old, after both of his parents tragically died of an avalanche in the Swiss Alps skiing on their wedding anniversary. I met his grandfather, William, once during my visit in Blake's flat in Mayfair when his grandfather decided to give him a surprise visit. He was a charming and engaging. From the affectionate way they interacted, I knew they loved each other deeply. I'm happy for Blake because even if tragedy struck him, he still had a loving family member to care and support for him unconditionally, unlike me.

"I'll have Eggs Benedict and cappuccino, please," I didn't need to look over the menu. I knew what I wanted.

"A woman with a hearty appetite, I like that" I snorted and laughed. Ha! I'm sure you do.

"What's so funny?"

"You"

He raised a brow, curious and waiting, "ANNND?"

I shrugged.

"It's just-you know-you only date models or ones that look it and I bet those types hardly eat or simply nibble at their food, I'm sure," I said sarcastically. Why does he date only women that look like that? I didn't peg him to be a shallow man-but then again, I suppose his libido makes the decision.

I was curious and wanted to know the truth.

"I do not!"

I shrugged, not wanting to argue.

The waiter came and got our orders. He had to go outside to take a business call. I was left there to my own devices, so I pulled out my phone and texted Jen letting her know that I got back okay, that she shouldn't worry about me and I would call her as soon as I get a chance. She was a good friend from back home and was one of the people in my support system.

She was there with me when I saw Kyle again with his girlfriend. Thinking about that made my stomach churn and burn with acid.

Fuck.

The bitch gave me a smirk and held of Kyle's arm and looking at me with scorned expression.

I didn't go back there to steal him from her. I just needed closure, but got more than what I bargained for.

Three

Saturday,

Santa Monica,

Katie's Beach House Party

(8 days ago)

'What's your choice of poison?' the uber hot bartender wearing only surfer shorts and a garter bow-tie to complete his ultra-surfer look asked. Hot might be understated more like scrumptious to be fitting. Exotic with caramel eyes and to-die-for smile accompanied with perfect teeth.

I giggled like a school girl. 'Um, I'd like a lemon drop and a...? I trailed off glancing at Jen.

'What would you want to drink Jen?'

'I'll have sex on the beach babe,' she said with a wink. I'm sure she's just want that with a little sand and soft waves. Flirt.

He started setting up our drink as I pulled Jen next to me. She was still looking at the bartender through her eyelashes and I knew right then and there that she already had set her sights on this one.

"Jen we just got here, can the flirting wait? I kind of need you to stick with me tonight. I sort of need armory or more like a shield,' I said with an antsy smile and pleading tone.

'Doll, you can't be seriously hung up on Kyle still, are you?" She said accusingly at me, her brows in a straight line.

'Umm... well, I don't know... I want to talk to him..."

'What do you mean you don't know? He cheated! You can't second guess that sweetie. He's moved on and from what I've heard things have been going steady and serious.'

Steady and serious. Huh. Wow. How could he do this to me? To us?

I wanted to scream my anger and lash out at him, but it wouldn't take back what he caused already. I guess, he didn't want to wait and wanted a change. I was hoping to catch him tonight and talk. I didn't try calling his phone because I wanted to see his face, if he could say it to my face. I needed this closure, so I can close the hatchet forever and never look back with regret. I needed a clean slate, no doubts hanging about in my semi-lucid brain.

I knew he was going to show up, he always shows up at parties and I don't doubt that his lady-love will be with him too.

'Whatever, it doesn't matter... just hang with me for a bit okay? I promise to take you for fro-yo tomorrow,' I fielded her question. I cannot answer that myself at this moment. This was our always to-go place second to Starbucks.

'Here you go Ladies! Enjoy!' purrs the hot-tender.

'Thanks,' we both synchronized.

'Okay, I'll stick with you for awhile but not long before someone snags him! God, have you seen that tight body?' she said glancing once back to the bartender before heading to the beach where some people we know from high school were located.

"I want to just drag him somewhere dark and see if those lips live up to my imagination! Do you think he'll be into me?'

I glanced at her like she had two horns on her head. "Have you gone mad hun? You know you're a knock-out right? And besides, he was totally checking you out."

Seriously, sometimes I think she doesn't really know how beautiful she is. This part of Jen was the doing of a stupid selfish ex-boyfriend who mentally and emotionally derided her, and she totally succumbed to the douchebag's manipulative ways because she was blinded by love.

In love or not, a person doesn't deserve to treated like that. These types of abuse can take a long time to recover from. Had I known this in the beginning, I would've snatched her away from Tony. But for three years, she never said a word about any of it. From the outside, everything seemed so perfect. Everyone always thought they were perfect for each other. I did too, I adored Tony. That's why when she confessed about her dilemma, I took charge and let her stay with me until everything blew over and until Tony realized that she was serious about leaving him. Our senior year, she started to blossom into her own person and has been loving life ever since.

Most men I know have a hard time resisting Jen and when she's on a prowl-then there is no chance in hell the chosen man can escape. I suppose who would really want to resist someone that resembles Heidi Klum in the looks department? Apart from Jen having killer looks, she has a sharp mind and she's currently studying in USC and wants to be a lawyer. She'd make a killing out of that one.

'Jen! Sienna! Good of you beautiful ladies to grace us tonight!'

'Mickey! I've missed you!' I laughed and gave him a huge tight hug and a peck on the cheek.

Mickey's the kind of guy that is always nice and respectful. He's second generation Samoan and has the backing of one too. He was playing defense in our football team in Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks. You'll never catch him talk crap about other people. Jen and I always adored Mickey. Everyone did.

'Nice to see you again, Jen!' Mick gave her a quick bear hug and released her with a grin.

'You too, Mick' slightly punching his arm and saw some other people we used to hang out with and started her way towards them. I casually waved at the group and continued to stick with Mick. I don't want to go there and hangout. It will just invite questions and gossip about Kyle and I'm not ready to discuss it.

I glanced and scanned the area for any sightings of Kyle but it seems he has yet to arrive. I looked back at Mickey who seems to be studying me with a twinkle in his eye.

"Looking for someone in particular, Sienna?' Fishing, I see.

"Huh? Oh, no. Just taking on the scene and seeing who else I know here. It feels good to be back home again Mickey! I forgot how beautiful it is out here during summer time."

Indeed, it was magnificent tonight.

The full moon was up high and bright amidst the darkened sky. It was illuminating the ocean making it look so breathtakingly ethereal, serene and peaceful. The waves lap softly on the shore and I felt myself calm inside, wishing Blake was here with me. He'd like it.

My trio of friends offered to come, but refused them. I needed to do this one on my own.

'How are you?' I said as I sat on the wooden lounger glancing back to Mickey and enjoying my cold alcoholic beverage.

'Actually, a lot has been going on man. I'm actually leaving for Alaska next week to help out dad. He's been feeling the exhaustion from running the business. So, it's my turn to step-up and help the family,' he said solemnly.

'I'm sorry to hear that, Mick. I recall you weren't really fond of that place,' empathizing with his situation.

'Damn right, but I got to help the family out, so there's no other option,' he then took a chug of his corona, studying the sand on his feet.

There was some hollering I heard behind me so I glimpsed and twisted my head to see what the culprit was.

Kyle was hugging and high-fiving a people along the way. His other right hand was attached to very attractive blonde who was gazing and smiling lovingly at him.

Perfect. Just bloody, f**king perfect.

I felt awkward and anxious already. Fuck. Should I go over and say hi? Maybe I should play indifferent? I castigated myself for being idiotic. Come on Sienna, I scolded myself.

Crap-fuckity-crap.

Deep breaths and think of something relaxing.

''Kay there doll?' Jen sat next to me with her arm loosely on my shoulder.

''Course! Should we get more drinks?' might as well get some encouragement from my old pal, The Don, Patron.

'Ooooh! Shots?! That should get us going'

"Hells yeah"

"Happy face, doll. Don't let him see anything else."

I nodded not wanting to say anything else. She was right, of course.

We got up and made our way back to the house. I knew we will be passing Kyle any moment now, so I willed myself to play it cool and not take it too seriously. Who cares if we dated two gloriously fun-filled years? Really, who cares? Uh! I'm getting idiotic already with one drink.

'Hey Jen!.. Sienna...You're back,' greeted a merry looking Kyle.

'Heeey, there! Congratulations with your internship! I'm hearing that they'll hire you before you even finish school?' Jen playfully said to Kyle. They both got on so well back in the day, so it was no wonder when they fall back to this easy banter.

Kyle's working with his father now. He loves music. He grew up with it and learned everything and anything music from his father. His dad owns a major record label company here in LA so it was no brainer that he'll be following in his dad's footsteps. Most importantly, he loves to scour for musicians that have depth and soul in them and helping them to be successful in the music industry. He's quite passionate with his work and I remember how he used to light up and get all excited when talking about it.

'Ha ha! How I've missed your craziness!' Kyle said this in between his deep playful laugh.

God! I've missed that laugh. Here goes my stupid brain.

I looked like a complete idiot standing here next to Jen while they were catching up. His girlfriend, whom he hasn't introduced yet, was curiously eyeing Jen and me. Did Kyle talk about me? Is that why she's eyeing me up and down now? Hah. Bitch.

Kyle turned his attention and now looking at me. His laughter died the minute our eyes met. His hazel eyes looked intense and fiery. The face looked calm, but I knew deep down, he's mad.

Damn, he looks gorgeous.

A deep ache settled in my heart.

I miss him.

His white v-neck shirt outlined his defined torso and arms. My word, did he become buffer and much defined, or what? My eyes roved all over him. Yes, he's been working out. He's body's more of a leaner muscular type, different from Blake's physique, but still downright sexy.

'How long are you here for? Didn't expect you to be back for your breaks-would've thought you'd be traveling all over Europe or somewhere much more exotic rather than be back here in plain old Los Angeles." He cuttingly said.

Hidden bitterness laced his words.

'Umm, I've missed Jen and needed to tie some loose ends with the conservatorship (outright lie)-so, I decided to come back during break. It's only two weeks anyway, so I won't be staying long'

Shit. I sounded so lame. Couldn't I come up with something better to say? Sigh.

Why was he being all cold, anyway? He's the one who broke-up with me.

'Right, anyway ladies-I want you to meet my amazing girlfriend, Brooke,' announcing as he hooked his left arm to his amazing girlfriend with a huge cat-like fake smile and a massive rack.

GAG.

She looked fake, a Blonde Bimbo.

She was clingy, giggly, and uses that whiney voice like a little girl-it makes me want to scratch the wall with my nails. I hated her already and from the looks she was giving, with pure disdain, the feeling was mutual.

Since when was Kyle attracted to BB's anyway? He always made fun of BB's.

'Hey! Pleasure to meet you people-but we must go and mingle with others, Kyle? I see some of your friends are already in the tub. Let's go! I can't wait to get you wet baby!' She coaxingly said as she grabbed his hand and left for the tub in lightning speed.

Nice, she's amazing indeed.

Not.

Four

'Nice girlfriend there'

'Don't mention it. I know your dying with questions, but let's skip it tonight, okay? I pleaded.

The house was in full-on grinding party mode as the speakers pounded, blaring 'Birthday Cake' by Rihanna and everyone was dancing and grinding with the beat.

'Hey! Why don't you stay put and mingle with the eager men out here, hmm? I'll go get us our drinks, lemon drop or a shot?' I looked at Jen with a raised eyebrow.

I knew she was going to go check out the hot-tender and have her wicked way with him, so I'm not even going to go and trouble myself to go in line for drinks.

'How about get me both, please? I'm in dire need of it' I winked at her as I fished out my phone from my purse and checked for messages.

I got one three emails from friends back home. Chad, Blake and from Lucy/Toby.

From: Lucy Connelly

Be strong and don't forget to enjoy! In case, you forgot.. you're on vaca too!

See you when you get back!

WE love you,

Lucy and Toby xxxxx

Lucy's message made me smile. She likes to smother people with as much 'xxx's' as she can in her messages and I love her for it.

From: Chad Wilson

Baby girl! You would never guess! I just got a spot on for a show! I'm so psyched! Couple of months away though, but shit! This is cray! How's vacation? Call me the moment you land on Heathrow!

I miss you lover!

Your ever sexy java-mamba friend,

C xxx

Oh, Chad! I'm so happy for you! I can't help getting excited for him. He's an artist-a photographer to be precise and he's quite gifted. Finally! This will be a very good opportunity for him to be exposed after a few months of being depressed. It's a competitive field out there. This show's going to be his big break!

Opening my message from Blake, I suddenly felt warm knowing my friends were supporting me even if they aren't physically here.

From: Blake Knightly

Hanging in there, poppet? Make it short and quick. No need to linger with the bloody tosser! We still have a few episodes to catch up with Game of Thrones, so you better bring your cute butt back home immediately! Or better yet-want me to come get you, Sienna? I'll book the next flight out or I could use one of company jets to fetch your tenacious self. Don't doubt me because I bloody will drag you back to England, if I must. Two weeks without you or Toby (since he decided to permanently attach himself to Lucy's side) it has been uneventful to say the least. The break-up with Camille didn't help much. The woman was painstakingly relentless wanting to move in with me. Got to dash, but don't forget about my offer about coming back early! I'm only a text or phone call away. I miss you.

P.S. MAKE YOUR TRIP SHORT!

BK

Cute?

My butt is anything but cute! I got the junk to back it up. How can he say it's cute?

Because he thinks you're just cute-you're just you, DUH?

I should've been used to it with Blake-I mean-we're friends-but as good-looking as he is, I wanted him to see the other side of me-not the reliable, good friend side-but the attractive, sexy side of me-at least just once.

But no, he's been impervious and treats me like his buddy from his boarding school days.

He and Camille broke-up? And she wanted to move in with him after barely two months of dating? I can perfectly picture Blake's reaction, mortified, racing to the hills. He abhors it when he feels like he's being trapped. He confessed as much before when I met him the very first time and had a similar predicament.

Blake's message-is just so Blake. Bossy and demanding with a tad of adorableness on the side. If it were from another guy, I'd think that he couldn't wait to have me back home and his going ballistic from missing me, but sadly it's from Blake. So, no hidden agenda there, plain and simple. I put my phone back in my clutch purse and swayed with the music and weaved my way to the floor to dance.

One thing for sure, you can always count me in for dancing. I love how to lose and immerse myself in the music and just make my body speak and move to the beat. I dance when I'm stressed out by going to hip-hop classes or Zumba few classes a week in Hampstead. Chad manages the dance studio and after closing time-we have our own little dance-off. It was our ritual and the bond that brought us together.

Closing my eyes, swaying my hips slowly and seductively, to match the rhythm of the music-when I felt someone grabbed my hand. I opened them slowly, disappointed that it wasn't Kyle standing in front of me.

I knew he was somewhere outside, possible sucking face and swapping spit with his BB, but I couldn't help it. I'm back home, and being home just makes me want Kyle, badly.

Maybe I'm nostalgic 'cause I haven't been laid in what like nine months? Who knows.

'Hi! My name's James-dance with me?' he smoothly asked. Hmm, not bad looking. Quite decent actually-not like Kyle but decent enough and he seemed nice.

'Sure, James' I smiled at him as he twirled me around and my back landed on his chest. That was impressive. This man can dance. The DJ changed up the music to some raggaeton song with Pitbull singing "Go Girl" and the tempo started to pick-up as did we. Raggaeton music's for sensual dancing. More of showing you're your skills with popping your hips and being sexy.

I separated myself from James and faced him. He's eyes were all over my body and that gave me ammunition to get down and dance more. "So, Sienna-where do you live? Somewhere close by?"

"I did-I'm on vacation. Home is London-for now," as my eyes scanned the crowd. The song ended and I found Jen across me watching us intently with drinks in hands.

'Goodness, Sienna Richards! You know, everyone was checking you out? You looked sooo sooo hot dancing like how you were in there! I was even getting hot and bothered watching you two dance-and that's saying something! Was that to show someone that you still got your groove on? Hmmm?'

I laughed.

Oh Jen! How right you are. I shook my head in denial and smiled innocently.

"And who might you be?" she asked James who unknowingly followed me.

Cute.

'I'm James,' who was about five ten, muscled, dirty blonde hair spiked, with boyish good-looks.

'Where are you from?' Jen quipped. Knowing how she works, she'll have him thoroughly grilled about his life. We're protective of each other so we tend to do this with most men we meet.

Enthusiastically freeing her hand holding the Lemon Drop and decidedly took the tequila shot she was handing out to me.

My, that burns.

But welcomed the hot warm feeling it was giving my body as I murmured 'thanks'. She didn't seem to hear me because she was still busy talking to James.

I, on the other hand, was busy scanning the room to see if I see a familiar face. Okay, I'm guilty. I want to see more of Kyle and what he's up to, but he's nowhere to be seen from where I'm standing. I just can't believe he was being cold and indifferent towards me. What was the whole introduction scene with Brook, anyway? If he wants me to think that he's moved on and is happier then-he definitely succeeded getting his message across.

I decided right then and there that I wouldn't be thinking about him anymore. Maybe this whole trip of getting a closure from Kyle was just stupid and irrevocably irreparable. I can't torture myself with the thoughts of him with his girlfriend kissing and groping each other somewhere in a dark corner outside. All I have to do is endure this night and move on, but for the mean time-I have to hold my head high-even if I'm anguished, my heart gutted and intestines twisted inside out. Or I could possibly take Blake's offer. I could drown myself happily just starting at him.

Was this jealousy I feel? Or merely an indication that I still am in love with Kyle?

I love him. I've loved him all my life. But in love with him? I'm not so sure. I mean-if I was dangerously in love with him-then I wouldn't have left him, surely? I would have found a way to still be next to him-or simply endure being miserable in Los Angeles if it meant being with him.

I miss him and I'm mad that he ended our friendship like this. I want to salvage our friendship, if nothing else.

Would I want him back if he begs me? I don't know. My mind cannot process the possibility of us getting back together when it was blatantly apparent that he was in a happy, satisfying relationship.

Before I left home, I made that whole spiel of loving him, but I felt that I needed freedom. I desperately sought change, away from my horrid miserable past with my extended family and the memory of my dad.

Kyle took it badly when he learned of my plan, of course, he was crazy about me. We were inseparable then-we finished each other's sentences. We were happy together, but my soul needed something more, to feel free, free from memories of my past.

So, my announcement to go to school in England was a surprise to everybody-most of all to Kyle. He didn't speak to me for days. He felt betrayed and implied I was giving up on us, our relationship.

Distraught and wounded, he still he stuck it through until I left for school, showing me how much he loved me. Those few weeks before my departure were bittersweet. I remembered having a hard time letting him go at the airport, clutching and hugging him so fiercely.

The memories brought a melancholy sigh and brought my attention back to my reality.

Looking at both of them, "Well it was great to meet you, James" Jen politely said. I was still reeling from my nostalgic flood of flashbacks-swamped with the thoughts of what might've been-mind shuffled back to the past and lost track-that I was here standing-in the middle of a damning party.

"Doll, can I speak to you for a sec?" she grabbed my hand and dragged me to a corner.

"Sure, be back in a sec, James," I gave him one of my melt-to-your-bones smile or so-called effect I thought it would do. And it seemed to work from the look he just gave me.

I needed a diversion and the unfortunate victim was James. I needed to gather my bearings before I go ballistic with roaring jealousy and might do something drastic to get Kyle's attention-like going up to him and giving him a kiss-so scorching-it would haunt him forever.

So, I needed James tonight, for my sanity's sake.

"Hey! What's up?" Questioning her with an arched brow knowing full well what she wanted to speak to me about.

"I'm going to leave the party with, Ethan. He's off and another person is taking the shift so we decided to go grab something to eat somewhere. Will you be okay if I leave and you catch a ride with Mickey or something? If you can't catch a ride-call me-and I'll come get you."

'I take Ethan's the hot-tender right? Laughing, 'Jen, seriously, go have fun. Don't worry about me-I have only two weeks to party and back to school again, so I'll be okay? Go enjoy yourself! I'll see you tomorrow for catch-up and fro-yo, 'kay?' I hugged her and kissed her blushing cheek. It really bothered her leaving me here, but she's not my sitter. As much as I love hanging out with Jen, she needs to enjoy and meet people. I wanted her to be happy especially after Tony.

"Have fun, doll" I gave her a huge grin.

'Will do! Alright, catch up with you tom! And be safe, k? Call me if you need me-anytime.'

"See you!" I shooed her away and went my way back to James, who was watching my interaction with Jen with hawk-like intensity.

"Did anybody tell you how gorgeous and sexy you are?" His dark eyes traveling all over me like I'm a piece of candy to be savored.

"Do you just say anything to get laid tonight? Because let me tell you, your line is way off the finishing line!" I instantly quipped back.

Ha! This is a merry-go-round play date buddy-nothing more, I thought.

The last time I had sex or any intimacy for that matter was with Kyle. It's not that I didn't find anyone attractive in London-apart from crushing on Blake-but that's beside the point-he's a friend. I went to a lot of house parties and met quite a few interesting and attractive men, but not one who gave me the I-can't-breathe-and-think-around-you-feeling.

Maybe if I put myself out there instead of cutting them off before they even spoke would make a vast difference.

Maybe I should take up on Lucy's offer of blind dates, just to dip my toes into the dating world.

Snapping me back to reality, I gulped down the rest of my drink and placed it on the table next to me. The amount of alcohol I've consumed tonight we're a mixture of vodka and tequila. A lethal combination in my drunken trance-but it was a prerequisite if a person was dealing with such emotional upheaval.

'Come on, James. Dance with me' I said invitingly. The music blared and my feet were itching to move on the dance floor and let loose, letting my body speak through the art of dancing.

We were setting our rhythm and I danced against him, my back touching his chest. I let out a sigh. Where was Kyle? I thought sadly. Stupid girl! Just let it go already, I scolded myself.

The dance was getting intense and James was gripping both of my hips, grinding and swaying slowly. I honestly don't care because I want to forget-even for a few minutes, then I'll go look for Mickey and ask him for a ride back to Jen's apartment.

James was getting quite comfortable, so comfortable in fact that he was moving his hands up and down the side of my stomach.

"You're so hot, I want you," he whispered in my ear. Rolling my eyes and ignored him.

Right, not going there buddy. I'm just using him for temporary flash of recklessness in me with the use of dancing, but nothing more.

Am I a tease? Yes, definitely. Do I feel guilty about it? No, not really.

I closed my eyes again feeling the beat and feeling of alcohol seeping working its way through body. I feel relaxed and smiled rocking the smashing beat with James. He was actually a descent dancer.

I felt his lips kissed my exposed shoulder, softly working gently towards my neck. His hot breath gave me a shudder. "James, I don't think that's a good idea-

Out of nowhere, someone yanked my right arm and dragged me away so quickly, my head spun.

Everything was a blur-from the dance floor-passing the living room and up the stairs. Stumbling half-way through the stairs, I yelped from the tightened hold of my arm.

I tried to detach his fingers-but he was too strong. His strong fingers sunk deeper in my flesh, gripping it harder.

Sudden fear washed over my entire body. It was too dark in here, no light coming from the hallway or bedroom doors.

How am I supposed to take charge and free myself if I can't see my attacker? I freaked.

I told myself to calm down and breathe.

Breathe.

Think rationally, you can do this, Sienna.

I was trying to get ground on the situation and where this person was taking me.

It was dark and it seems like my abductor sure knows where he's going.

The floor boards made a squeaking sound and the person holding my hand quickly turned around-whooshing air-and there it was the overpowering smell-the smell I knew so well, making my throat constrict with familiarity.

Kyle. What the f**k?!

Five

"Excuse me! Where the hell do you think you're taking me?! How dare you Kyle!" unleashed fury roaring off me.

How dare he manhandle me like that!

He opened a door and brashly shoved me inside with him.

I quickly scanned the room.

It was dark but it was illuminated with the glowing light of the moon from the bay window. The room was quite large, but inhabited, a guest room, perhaps.

I slowly glanced back and found Kyle looking down at me furious like I have never seen him before.

My heart slammed wildly against my chest.

"Are you trying to embarrass yourself, SIENNA?" He raked at me, face thunderous with seething anger. "Are you trying to prove something?" glaring and spitting fire, "Are you trying to prove that you're a big girl, now? Taking offers and sampling men to your liking?"

Kyle was accusing and livid.

"Excuse me? I was dancing with James! Mind your own f**king business and go back to your amazing girlfriend!" screaming like a banshee at him, "And if-I am taking offers and sampling them-it's my goddamned business. NOW, LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!' yelling with suppressed rage.

How dare he? How dare he? After how he was being cold towards me all night, without even a backward glance, and now he gives me this blasted brutish treatment?

Seriously?

I'm done dealing with this crap; I'm going home-back to London.

I tried to grab the handle of the door, but he quickly caught my hand and swiftly placed me on the wall next to the door.

Both of his hand landed securely in between my head, so I was imprisoned and have no chance in hell of escaping.

I stared at him, wide-eyed and reeling.

Shocked at his attitude and his chauvinistic demeanor, "Are you f**king drunk, Kyle?" I angrily asked him, "Did you not hear what I just said?"

He just kept staring at me like he didn't even hear my question.

He moved closer.

His eyes burning me.

I can smell him, his smell that I used to adore so much, the smell that reminded of long nights sleeping in the nook of his neck-being this close to him-tested me to the hilt and it's driving me insane with acute lust.

Nostalgic and longing.

Molten eyes rove all over my body, reacquainting himself.

His eyes stopped on my lips, his eyes darkened. My heartbeat quickened its pace, my breathing shallow.

My body quivered from his close scrutiny. Goose bumps covered my body.

Nipples tightened and my stomach all over the place. Damn him.

His gaze was too powerful-and like a prey, I was hypnotized and captivated by him, by his closeness, by this sudden reminder that he was my first love, my first everything. I closed my eyes and tried my damndest to steady the wildly beating of my heart.

His thumb traced my full bottom lip slowly like he was trying to ingrain it in his memory. The instant his thumb touched my skin, I was enthralled.

'Sienna', he said my name in a whisper that was full of pain and hunger.

My heart twisted.

I slowly opened my eyes and was tormented at the look in his eyes.

He wants me.

His desire was emanating from him-from every pore in his body. I knew this look so well. I suddenly had the urge to touch his chest, to feel his heat, his warmth but willed myself against it.

I wetted my lips slowly with uncertainty and swallowed. I'm having a hard time breathing.

All I can hear is my heart pounding-so loud against my ribcage-as I anticipated Kyle's touch.

And he would touch.

That look said it all.

He would devour me with no concession.

I stared at this man before me, wide-eyed and waiting... waiting for him to make a move...Can I let this happen?

There's hardly any option of backing out now.

He's here for a reason.

He's a man on a mission.

There's no room for negotiation. Oh, hell! I'm going to be in big trouble.

He's lowering his head to kiss me.

He kissed me softly at first, like he was trying to gauze my reaction if I will respond back to him. I certainly did. I kissed him back matching his pace as I was fighting all sorts of sensations inside me.

Tidal wave of emotions rolled off me-like missing him, the angst of seeing him with a new girlfriend, amongst other things-bottled in all at once-kissing him back as fervently-like I couldn't get enough of him-demanding his full attention and titillating hunger that's driving us both in a magical wanton spell.

His signature smell enveloped me and I surrendered to this madness of lust and want.

He groaned as my fingers touched his hair and slowly touched his back all the way down to his ass-cupping it hard with both greedy hands-and pushing him hard against me.

The friction was palpable. We both groaned at once.

Yes, I definitely want this.

How I've missed this man.

I opened both of my legs wider to accommodate him more against me, riding up my miniscule skirt up higher, flashing my magenta lace thong.

I was still holding him firmly and tightly on his ass, pushing him hastily and fervently against me to be nestled on my hot core. We both groaned in unison.

His soft kisses trailed down my neck slowly, he licked and nipped it.

Writhing and panting against his hot body-as I lost myself in the overwhelming, all-consuming need to be possessed.

His hand skillfully loosened my top, kissing his way to my very aroused and very erect ni**les. He found one and playfully bit it.

I whimpered from pure ecstasy that was taking me in a whole different sphere.

I was already horny, but that drove me over the edge of the precipice. My thong was soaked as I rubbed myself with a driven mission over his jeans that showed bulging erection.

God, he feels wonderful.

Fuck.

"Can I take you baby?" he asks in a raspy, sexy voice of his, panting with need to consume me. Full of promise, full of wicked urgency.

Of course, this was the old Kyle, my Kyle. "Yes-yes," out of breath, 'Please hurry, I-'

He didn't even let me finish before I heard him groan as he touched my thighs slowly finding his way to the edge of my thong.

Thank god I just had a Brazilian wax couple of days ago, I thought to myself.

He slid my thong on the side and I felt him playing with my pu**y lips, gently torturing me as he teased it by making chaste rhythmic circles around my sensitized mound.

"TAKE ME!" I commanded.

I can't focus on anything other than this throbbing suppressed ache.

'Missed me, Sienna?' he whispered hoarsely in my ear. His hot breath sending tingles all the way down to my very wet opening.

I opened my eyes and looked him straight in the eye. 'Yes' I halted as he stuck a finger inside me. Twirling and twisting his fingers and hooked it in the upper wall of my vagina and started to frantically move his fingers, flicking it up and down in a fast rhythm.

'Oh God!' I yelped.

Yes, yes, yes! I chanted in my head.

I grabbed his bulging c**k and started to rub it hard.

I took charge of his belt swiftly, opened the button and his zipper down, taking this predicament in my own hands. His pants were pooling on his knees and I tugged his boxer briefs south, next to his pants. I eyed him, man wasn't he aroused. I gently cupped his balls with my left hand-squeezing it as I was delightfully moved my right-hand up and down his cock, twirling his erection with such voracious determination.

I'm in such delicious state of sexual euphoria, and can't seem to hold it back-for much longer. Nine months of celibacy made me desperate for him.

"Kyle, please...FUCK ME...," I pleaded.

"Not yet, baby"

Our foreheads joined together and as we panted so hard. His thick rock-hard c**k had a small drop of juice-that was enticingly sitting on the head of that enormous manhood.

I hastily licked my dry lips as I greedily eyed that drop of juice, waiting for my attention.

If he thinks torturing me will work then I will give him the same satisfaction.

I slightly bent over again and licked that sweet juice off-oh-so-slowly-at the same time watching his face through my lashes with pure fervor of lust. Hovering over his cock, I sucked the head with just enough pressure to get all of his sweet moist essence-tasting more of his manhood like it was nirvana.

His face almost combusted with desire and turned him on like a savage animal, ready to pounce.

It definitely drove my point home.

He took his fingers out and spreading me a little wider on the wall. He kneeled down just above over my throbbing pu**y. He hooked one leg over his shoulder and opened my other leg wider.

Licking and nipping the outer lips with his hot-teasing tongue, nipping and sucking.

I buckled and threw my head back from the sensations that were racking my body.

He quickly grabbed my hips and hooked my legs on his body as he pulled me down to the large bed. My dark mane of hair splaying everywhere, still wearing my cowboy boots, my top and skirt sat on my stomach, open and ready to be ravished. My thong was still was lopsided from his drastic invasion.

He loomed over; his eyes intensely flickered to my ni**les and to my wide open legs. He pulled his dick and started to stroke it-hard, big hands squeezing and stroking as I watched in fascination.

He took my shoes off and pulled down my thong. "You're beautiful, Sienna," our eyes locked as he gently rubbed my pu**y with his pulsating head, ready to combust.

Teasing, probing-driving me insane.

I whimpered as I anticipated the feel of him inside me.

He paused, his c**k just a mere centimeter on my soaked entrance, "Has there been anyone else? I know I was your first, but that could've changed since we broke up-so, was there anyone else?" his face passive as he waited for me to reply.

I shook my head, "No, none." His smile was predatory and victorious, eyes gleaming.

He slowly entered me and pulled out almost immediately.

"Baby, you feel like a virgin! I love it that your pu**y's like this-best f**king pu**y I've ever had."

I looked at him as he was watching our bodies joining together. He's staring down candidly as his c**k slid cautiously to my tightened core.

He seemed to cherish the idea of being the only man I've ever had sex with and groaned like a caveman as he shoved his c**k inside me, thrusting hard with no inhibition and no restraint. My vagina walls immediately enveloped him, accommodating his size.

"You're mine! All mine!" growling like an animal.

"I love how you feel...so silky, wet, and f**king tight" He groaned loudly. 'I've been constantly thinking about-when I can have you again and again. I can't get you out of my head-when I saw you tonight, I couldn't help myself.... I needed to have a taste of whatever you can give me. I needed to be inside you or I'll go insane,' he sounded raw with want, as he took the pace and held my hips tighter and have my legs wrapped on his hips in an angle where it hits the spot and taking him deeper inside me.

Thrusting harder, filling me, stretching me, taking as much as he can with no restraint. His penis was undeniably stretching me to its capacity.

I can't deny him this.... I can't deny us both, this. Sex with Kyle was always this good when we were together.

So, it was hardly a surprise when we couldn't help ourselves.

I felt my body and pu**y tighten around him building up slowly for an orgasm, the friction more intense, fervent and exquisite. I'm almost at the tipping point as I felt my body convulse around him as my climax coming to close. I held his shoulders-digging my fingers-and screaming hard as I came.

Kyle held my hips harder and placed his lips on my neck as he f**ked me harder with building intensity, trailing close behind me.

He screamed my name against my lips, "Sienna-I love you-always been you," as he spilled his seed inside me with one hard thrust of his hips.

Thank god I was on the pill.

Six

We still held each other, panting and disoriented. I closed my eyes trying to figure out what just happened and how I can walk away from this situation without having my pride and heart trampled over.

Deep breaths.

He said he loved me.

He still loves me.

I have so many questions I needed to ask him, but can't seem to find the strength or the wherewithal to look him in the eye without breaking.

I might've just deluded myself that this was over...Could it be possible that it's one of those 'you-don't-realize-what-you-have-until-you-lost it' syndrome? I groaned.

I really am in the shitter.

I slowly opened my eyes and drank him in. His hair and clothes looking all disheveled and eyes that seem to be raging something from deep within. He got up and started to get dressed without even giving me a glance.

Thinking that whatever comeuppance this situation brings, I played a major part in it-so I should hold my head high and act like the mature person that I am.

I sighed.

"Kyle-" I whispered him.

He was staring at the window his back towards me like he's trying to gather his thoughts.

Distant and unreachable.

Why isn't he talking?

I straightened up my clothes and tried my best to fix my fair through my shaky fingers.

I'm nervous and anxious.

I didn't ask for this, but yet I couldn't stop or deny myself the opportunity to have him again.

Even for the last time.

Wanting him and him wanting me, it was just all too much and yet it was something I couldn't just walk away from.

Oh, damn it to hell and back.

"Kyle, say something!" I croaked, still, no response. What in God's name was he playing at?

"Oh! I get it! You just needed one last f**k out of your system and walk away! That's it isn't it?" The feeling of being used was something I have never encountered before and that feeling didn't sit well with me, especially when the person in question was Kyle.

He moved against the window and the moonlight shadowed behind him making him appear like he was some sort of dark angel and breathtaking to look at.

And now this fallen angel is staring back at me-with a carte blanche expression.

His facial expression gave me an idea of what was to come and for the first time, I am at a loss for words.

Seven

Kyle

God, she's gorgeous!

Even in her bedraggled state from our crazy romping, she still has the ability to take my breath away by just standing there, demanding my attention. Her skirt twisted to the other side and not properly fixed, her lips-red and swollen from my lovemaking, her hair disheveled and those beautiful crystal green/gold eyes flashing at me, immobilizing me on the spot from her sheer beauty.

She doesn't have any clue how she affects me by just a look.

She has that power over me.

She has this effect on most men.

She doesn't see it, but I knew and saw how men wanted to possess her, her beauty, her body, her beautiful heart.

She's next to perfection. And she was mine.

How did I even manage to convince myself that I could be in a same party with her and not feel this? Savagely, cursing myself with my stupidity.

She always possessed power over me. No one has the capacity to drive me up the walls like Sienna can. Back then, she was it for me and yet she still walked away.

I wasn't enough for her. And never will be.

I have to harden my resolve for my sanity's sake.

God, this was difficult! My throat ran dry as thoughts ran the scenes a few minutes ago in my head, vividly. How she looked lying there, waiting with desire-all for me.

All mine and mine alone. But not any longer-she will eventually find someone-it wouldn't be hard. I bet there's already a line waiting.

The idea of another man possessing her brought ferocious feelings out of me. Jealousy eating me alive.

I can't go there.

Not tonight.

"Sienna-I'm not going to apologize for this.... seeing you again made it impossible to resist you. I remembered us being good and I just couldn't seem to help myself.... I had to have you...."

"So, that was just a one-time thing then?" she said in a shaky voice. Her beautiful eyes rimmed with unshed tears, how I want to possess this woman. My heart ached. I hate seeing her hurt, but I can't let her get to me.

I barely survived when she left the last time. I can't go there again.

Steeling my resolve, "Yes, it is-it was-I'm with Brooke- she didn't even let me before she started yelling.

"That's f**king convenient! You had sex with me without a second thought to your girlfriend and now.... after you got what you wanted, you're in a relationship again?!" Her voice screeching.

Sienna was beside herself.

Man, she looks even hotter when she's furious.

I wanted to take her again, against the wall. I'm going crazy.

I just want to reach out and kiss those pouty swollen lips of hers senseless, for the last time. Just a little taste of her once more, before walking away.

I hate feeling like this.

This uncontrollable passion I have with her. I feel powerless against it.

I have to get out of here-fast-before I start kissing her and f**king up more.

Leave, now!

I had to calm myself before responding to her accusing tone. "I didn't use you. I asked you if it was okay before things got way too heated-and you told me it was fine!" I countered.

I badly wanted to leave, but I hate seeing her upset and I can't certainly leave without looking any more of an ass**le after having a mind blowing session in bed.

I wanted to be friends with her, but it was impossible for me.

That's asking too much of myself.

But I don't want any hard feelings either, "Hey...we'll talk this over when we're sober and calmed down. I'll come see you in a couple of days. How about we-" she held her hands in exasperation.

"You know what?! This was a stupid mistake! I thought for a second there-that-that you might feel something....or it meant that you still....you know what? It doesn't matter what I think! Let's forget this ever happened, k?-Please, just don't try contact me because I don't want to see or hear you ever again!" She said with finality and walked out the door.

Out of my life.

Again.

Hell, Sienna!!!

Eight

London, present

"Sorry about that. I had to step out a bit to finish a business call. I didn't leave you too long, did I?" concerned look on his face now as he waited for me to respond to his question.

"No, it's fine. Stop worrying Blake," I smiled at him. "Did anyone tell you that you that you're such a worrywart sometimes?"

Sipping his coffee as he gazed at me, "Yes, you often told me enough".

"It's true-you've got to channel stress into something productive-like boxing, perhaps?" teasing him.

"Sure, as long as you join me, then we can kick-ass together," he jested back.

Uh, not a good idea! I might just get turned on watching him-sweaty and full of angst.

"No, thanks I'm good with my dancing to let out frustration," giving him a smug look.

"Anyhow, what the hell happened between you and Camille?" using my casual tone. I was curious. I'm always curious when it comes to his girlfriends, sometimes his forthcoming with the dirt, but sometimes he's just tight-lipped.

Twirling his coffee cup, studying it with great concentration before he spoke, "As I said before, she wanted to move in with me. She was getting demanding-jealous and paranoid. It was nothing permanent and she knew it, still she pushed. So, I had no choice but to let her go"

"I really believed you guys would've lasted longer than two months. Together, you guys looked perfect. Are you okay, though?-I know for a fact that break-ups are nasty and never easy," I continued on when I didn't get a reply.

"So, she was jealous, huh? Were you entertaining and catering to other girlfriends, Blake? Ay-yay-yay," Giving him a 'your-such a naughty-boy' look.

His throaty laugh filled the air. "Oh, Sienna-sometimes you're just too adorable. And to answer your question-no I wasn't getting my groove on and screwing other women. Honestly, she was jealous of my relationship with you. She thought we spent a lot of time together-she thought I was crazy about you. I assured her that we we're friends, nothing else-and the mere fact that you were with Kyle, didn't convince her troubled mind. Cam was convinced that once Kyle was out of the equation-I would step in and have you all to myself," leaning back still playing with his coffee cup. His eyes were steady and pensive-covert, studying my reaction.

I laughed-hard-and almost ran out of air. That was the funniest story I've heard today, I thought.

Was Camille high on drugs? Has she looked in the mirror lately? She's stunning. Where does she cook up ideas like that? Blake doesn't go for women like me. If he wanted to, he had a lot of chances for the last eight months, but he never did try anything-anything to imply that he was interested, at all. So, she was being silly over nothing.

"Finding my story funny, Sienna?" still watching me intently, voice steady and calm.

He can be so intense, sometimes. It makes my heart skitter.

"Yes, I mean, come on! That was stupid! Why would she be jealous of me? Look at her-and look at me-she's like the epitome of perfection. And the idea of us?-we'll never work. I mean we like the same things, but we're different. You're like mega rich and soon you'll be running the world, no doubt, with just a bat of your eyelash and I'll be, you know, the same. Normal," my voice got small in the end, biting my bottom lip until all the blood drained.

The idea of Blake-us-bothered me, we're worlds apart, everyone can see that.

He was still and unmoving, lips on a straight line, pensive. What's he thinking now?

He didn't have the chance to reply.

Our food arrived; we fell silent as we worked on our plates, lost in thought. The food was excellent and I was happy to oblige my grumbling stomach.

"Mmmmm, this is divine," as I was biting on a piece of bacon and savoring every taste that was coming apart in my tongue as I closed my eyes.

"Certainly, looks like it" locking his eyes on me and he took a bite of his toast.

Shrugging, I set aside my dish after I practically devoured it with pure gusto, I worked on my coffee.

After what seemed like five minutes, "ready?" he asks, as he was leaving hundred pounds on the table.

"Not really, guess I have to see what's in store now, don't I?" getting up and pretending to be petulant.

"You'll just have to wait and see"

****

"Notting Hill?" Looking at him for confirmation.

"Yes, our next stop to easing up-the-pain-strategy." He smirked when he said easing.

Ha.

I would rather forget that embarrassing incident in the car just before breakfast.

Parked the car in gear, got out and opened the car door for me. I smiled. "Hummingbird?" I gleefully asked.

"As you wish, milady," he did that with a little bow. That gesture put me in mild hysterics. He has his fair share of a good sense of humor. This is why we are friends, we can act silly and have fun.

We found the bakery by just walking about on a Sunday afternoon and both fell in love with it. We both like to indulge our sweet tooth. So, once in awhile, we come here to indulge. Though on a special occasion like when it's the time of the month for me, he brings me a box of cupcakes to cheer me up. How thoughtful is that?

Grabbing my hand and pulling me next to him, we strolled along, passing clothing boutiques and antique places. Notting Hill is a gem. They have a lot of funky trendy stores and a lot of just about any knick-knacks you can ever imagine. It was awesome!

We made our way to Hummingbird Bakery that makes these delicious, mouth-watering cupcakes. Each perfect bite puts me in sheer bliss. Still holding hands, he guided me inside the shop.

Ogling those beautifully decorated, earth-shattering pieces of ambrosia with yearning eyes, my mouth salivated.

Blake ordered a red-velvet and chocolate chip to be eaten outside on the patio and ordered a dozen more to take home. Oh, yum! You see how intuitive he is? Ha!

"Let me pay for this one," I ordered.

He gave me a 'shut-the-hell-up' look.

I huffed and turned around as he paid for the cupcakes. It was always like this with Blake and Toby. They get offended if you offer to pay. Some men would gladly appreciate the offer. These men expect women to pay half of everything, but those two still believe that as men, they have to take care of the ladies. They feel insulted if I keep trying to ask.

Found a table for two and waited for my cupcakes to arrive. Sitting, I basked in the sunshine and the warmth hitting my face.

"Here we are!" announcing as he placed two of my favorite cupcakes in front of me. He cuts the cupcakes four-ways. We have a ritual, because we both love these flavors, so we agreed to a compromise, eating them half and half. It was kind of cute.

He took a piece of red-velvet and tried to feed me. I opened my mouth, closed my eyes and savored the flavor.

I'm a passionate person, especially when it comes to food.

"Mmmm, yes!" I purred in satisfaction.

He laughed, "I knew you wouldn't be mad for long," giving me his god-like smile again and he placed his ray-bans atop his wavy hair. I looked away. He looked too tempting and when he smiles like that, I have this urge to stare at him and just worship him right then and there.

It's very disconcerting to feel this way sometimes. It catches me off guard.

He's a great friend, a flirt, but a great friend nonetheless. So, when he acts a certain way-holding my hand and smiling at me-like I'm the only person in the world that mattered.

It confuses the shit out of me.

My phone beeped.

I took it out of my purse and checked the message.

Kyle.

Heart-thudding, I opened the message.

Nine

From: Kyle Matthews

I came over to Jen's to check if u were there last night and found out u went back to London. Why? Did u leave 'coz of me? Wanted to speak to you. WE HAVE TO TALK about what happened. About us. Call me. Seeing u again made me realize how much u mean to me, Sienna.

I'll be waiting for your call.

I miss u,

Kyle

Shit. How do I reply to that? He sounded guilty as hell.

Well, he should after he treated me so crassly and no thoughts to my feelings. I remembered it clearly. He just took what he wanted and my feelings, again, pushed aside.

"Sienna... what is it?" I turned off the screen and slid it back to my purse.

I sighed heavily, "Kyle...he wants to talk."

"Are you going to?" looking at me, pensive, unreadable.

"No, I'm not giving that jerk the satisfaction." I said with decisiveness and clear voice. I made up my mind.

As much as it kills me to admit, I still hurt.

What hurts more was the fact that he dated her a month before breaking it off with me. He didn't even have a decency to end things before saddling himself up to someone else.

And to put icing on the cake, he had sex with me and still went back to her.

And now he wants to talk? The nerve!

"What's up next?" studying his unreadable expression. He grabbed my hand and played the inside of my palm with his middle finger-in a slow, agonizing, fever-inducing in rhythmic circles.

He's touching me a lot today. He never used to, I mean apart from the usual greeting of kisses, hugs, and the nudges here and there-nothing as personal as this. I was afraid to ask him, so I pretended it didn't bother me, like we do this all the time.

"It's a surprise, poppet. I'm sure you will figure it out soon enough."

Getting up and hooking my left arm on his, we strolled back to where his car was parked.

Walking at a leisurely pace, my thoughts raced back to Kyle. Was it cold of me to not bother replying to his email? We've been through a lot and I considered him family. My mom died giving birth to me and my dad died when I was the age of seven. From what I recall of my dad, he was a loving man, giving and adored me. He used to talk about mom all the time and how they loved me since I was conceived.

Dad had a heart attack. No one had seen it coming, it was sudden and swift. And all of a sudden, I was alone. I remember the conservator consoling and assuring me that my father was a wise man and had invested the insurance he got from my mother's death shrewdly and there's more coming from my dad's insurance policy amongst other investments he delved in. My dad made sure I had a college fund atop everything else.

He basically thought it out accordingly, just in case he dies. I received partial of his social security money to tide me over until I turn eighteen, the legal age where I take over my own spending and can handle all my finances.

At that time, I could care less about money because all I wanted was my dad.

My father's sister, Christy, took me in. She has a husband, Dan, and a daughter a year older than me, Caroline. It was hell living in the Brown's household. I was the interloper who basically ruined their neat consistent lives.

When I met Kyle, the boy next door, he became my solace, my protector and my friend. His mother was always kind and loving to me-baking cakes and pastries that I enjoyed and loved through the years. I always depended on Kyle and leaving Los Angeles tore me apart, but I had to leave home. I just wanted to get away, to have a new life, a second chance to erase all the memories I have endured living with the Brown's. And as a result, he was hurt, but supportive about my decision.

My father made sure that I was well provided for. The money I got from him on my 18th birthday was substantial. I didn't need to work if I didn't really want to. But I have other plans in my life. I want to become successful and thrive in the marketing industry.

Leaning back against the cool leather seat, I exhaled. Boy, I'm exhausted. Driving around town seriously took a toll in my jet-lagged condition.

I closed my eyes and tried to clear my head, the sounds of Moonlight Sonata in cello relaxing me in slumber as he squeezed my thigh.

"Don't drift off yet. Promise you can sleep when we get to our destination, alright?" glancing at me with a hint of a smile.

Getting a hold of my hand and placed it on his lap, I was overwhelmed with weird emotions washing over me.

I turned sideways to look at him. Shades on, he looked like a sexy man from a car commercial, just a tad bit more good looking. His resembles closely with Gaspard Ulliel/Christiano Ronaldo. That's how deadly he looks. I suppose the Latin coloring and charm contributed from his Italian mother and when he speaks Italian...total major turn on.

And his eyes, his eyes are another dynamic. Blake has the most unusual eyes, his midnight blue rimmed silver with flecks with scattered gold in the middle. When he's angry, his eyes turns almost black making those scattered gold flecks stand out more. It's like staring at the Milky Way galaxy. Sucking you in, until you're lost in him. It was spellbinding and disconcerting at the same time.

"Are you done checking me out, Sienna?" giving me a sideway glance and diverted back to the traffic ahead.

Busted.

"Not yet, just give me a few more minutes, I'm sure by then I've memorized all your flaws." I quipped back.

A tad mortified that he caught me staring wide-eyed at him. "Are we almost there?" drastically needed to change the subject back to safer ground.

"Yes, few minutes or so. Then, you can sleep, my sweet into the abyss just as long as you promise not to snore," smiling tenderly at my horrified expression.

"Ha! I do not snore!" I pinched at his leg.

"Owwww!" he yelped but had his god-like smile in check. Dreamy is more like it. I hate it that he has a way of disarming me with that smile.

As promised, we arrived in our destination in a few minutes outside the upscale hotel in Knightsbridge. Getting out of the sexy Aston Martin, he handed the car keys to the valet attendant and tended to me, with a hand on my back, he gently guided me to the hotel spa.

"Aww! How you read my mind, Knightly! Thank you! Thank you!"

"I hope this would make up from all the invested energy you put up with since this morning. Come." Like I wouldn't forgive him?

He held the door and we stepped inside. The reception was white and glass combination, giving a chic clean-cut effect.

"Mr. Knightly, welcome back!" Greeted with a flirty smile by the auburn haired, blue-eyed, svelte lady.

"Krista, Hello! How are you?" acting polite but distant, "I'm very good, Mr. Blake" peeking through her lashes. Suggestive.

"Okay, your room is ready. Olga will show you to it," catching her wink at him and bit her bottom lip.

Disgusting much?

Jesus.

Olga appeared almost immediately and politely showed us to our reserved room.

I couldn't run out of that place fast enough.

My massage haven awaits.

Ten

The moment I walked in there, I felt like I just walked in to a set of Arabian Nights. It had an oval-shaped pool that was decorated with rose petals, further left of the room. Colorful silk made-up tent and beaded throw pillows, kaftan rugs, and large glass bowl-stands with petals and floating candles embellished the room.

The masseuse tables situated at the edge of the tent, sat about ten feet from a lightly-lit fireplace. The scented candles placed accordingly and strategically made the ambiance intimate, seductive and downright romantic. The room smelled of romance, a mixture of roses and berries with a hint of vanilla.

I was guided to his and hers changing room and requested that I wear this skimpy, barely there thong. I smirked.

Great, how the heck will I be ever comfortable lying next Blake almost naked? I'm sure I would doze off the minute those powerful hands knead my back, I was sure of it.

Is romance what Blake had in mind? Is it possible? Why would he book a suite?

He could've gotten separate rooms, but he didn't.

So, if he was, was I ready to date him? I do and I don't.

I just got out of being with Kyle. True, but I'm sure as hell not emotionally ready for someone as intense as Blake. That's like taking on Hurricane Katrina.

Besides, he doesn't seem to be keen in long-term relationships anyway.

Apart from Kyle, I haven't been with anyone else, emotionally or physically. And Blake is a very intense person. How the heck do I handle him? I've seen how much damage the women havoc when he ends it with them. It was mayhem. They were hysterical, calling incessantly until he takes them back.

He never does.

No, thank you. I don't plan to be one of those women.

Risking our friendship over sexual satisfaction? Maybe? I shoved that thought quickly in the back of my mind.

I came out of the changing room, dressed in a thong and a robe. I made my way towards where the massage tables were situated. My masseuse, a tall stern-looking man-possibly Eastern European, waited patiently for me. He introduced himself as Alec.

Blake was already on his stomach and had a scant towel draping his glorious ass. His back was all ripping-hard muscles, defined and cut. He had his head down even if the session hasn't started yet. I'm sure he did that to make me feel uncomfortable when I try to position myself on the narrow table.

Hopefully, that scant towel will be enough to cover my bottom. Alas, as dreadfully predicted, it barely just covered it. Most times I'm proud of my "well-rounded assets" but at times like these, I wish the latter.

As they started working on our backs, Blake turned reached out and touched my arm softly.

"Feeling better?"

I smiled shyly at him, "Yes, thank you. It's just what I really needed. Next time I'll be the one giving you surprises," his beautiful face lit up giving me a devilish grin.

"I'll hold you to that!"

I nodded, tranquility washed over me as I closed my eyes, still facing him.

Shouldn't I mourning from the loss of Kyle? And yet from the moment I opened my eyes today, Blake railroaded my thoughts, putting Kyle somewhere far and distant.

How was that possible?

I was just crying my eyes out last night and today I feel like an entirely different person.

Powerful hands started to work its way on my lower back. Hovering around where the hump of my butt started. Kneading thumbs and fingers, making the towel slide lower. I gasp from the jolt of pain and exhaled deeply, lips slightly parted.

The pain felt good and welcomed it. The stress I had for the last couple of weeks took its toll on my body.

Opening my eyes, I found Blake staring, intently at me.

He didn't smile or speak, but kept those magnetic eyes locked unto mine.

He's been doing that a lot today.

Not knowing what to do, I closed my eyes again.

Christ, I'm so screwed!

Heaven help me if he does try something.

God knows I have a hard time resisting Blake when he asks something of me. But this Blake-pure full-on Casanova mode Blake-will be my undoing.

The smell of roses and crackle of fire lulled me to sleep, unperturbed and tranquil.

I dozed off to a blissful slumber.

I woke up from the soft-click of a door closing.

Befuddled from my nap, I glanced around and realized that I was alone, lying here almost naked and asleep.

The darkened lighting from the candles made it hard to see much further of the room.

"Blaaaake?"

I sat up and looked for my robe, but it seemed to have vanished! It was nowhere in sight.

Biting my lip, I pulled my long hair forward to cover my br**sts; it was good enough to cover my ni**les, but not enough to cover the outline of my br**sts.

I tried to gather ground.

"In here!" called out Blake. Where was in here? He barely echoed.

Slowly walking barefoot, in a thong, and my boobs partially covered by my long hair, I glanced around in the dimly lit room.

"Blake!" my voice laced with urgency. I started my way to the pool area, but couldn't see him.

Instantly, out of nowhere, he started gliding from the darkened corner on the farther left-side of the pool.

My eyes rounded, in admiration.

My, God! I'm going to have heart-attack.

Gaping at his muscled pecs and six-pack abs, his wet hair swept back, I felt a jolt of instantaneous lust.

I swallowed hard.

He was breathtaking.

Wow. I've never seen his chest before. NOW, I really think he was made perfect!

Rooted to where I was standing, heart beating erratically and barely just-breathing, I was mesmerized by his sheer beauty-barely, forgot to take note that I was almost as naked as he was.

"Care to join?" glancing at me, with that same very look at the massage table.

He looked like he was ready to pounce. Still and waiting...

That look was full of yearning... and pure blatant lust.

My stomach flipped-flopped.

Standing here in my virtually naked stature, I was staggered, astonished.

Being in this room with him, the air-the smell of heady perfumed roses-the darkened setting of candles, making the room aglow-I suddenly felt like I was here purposely to do his bidding!

Enraptured and enthralled, I slowly walked to the pool-joining my god-like mortal of a man, without breaking eye-contact.

I was in a dreamlike state.

I went in the pool scattered with rose petals. The water gently rippled as I came deeper in the water, but stopped when the water barely hit the tips of my hair.

Standing on the very last step of the pool, I looked to where he stood, unmoving like a statue-but his electric midnight eyes, roved all over my body, branding me.

I gasped from the burning, ardent-filled scrutiny from his roaming eyes.

He moved towards me. His tanned rippling body glistened with water was in my line of view. My eyes examined his abs, slowly making my way to his hardened chest, his broad shoulders, his neck, his enticing lips until my eyes stopped to his burning silver-rimmed midnight blue eyes.

The air was charging, electric and perfervid.

Looking up to his face, I was stunned in place. He was so tall and all-male.

I gasped, as he traced his thumb over my bottom lip, his eyes darkened.

"You look like a goddess-exquisite and beautiful," he rasped out as the back of his finger gently stroked my neck and collarbone with utter thorough concentration. I shuddered from his delicate touch.

"You don't know how long I've been waiting for you, my sweet, Sienna," I drew breath and slightly wetted my dry lips. "I've always wanted you-from the moment our eyes met. I wanted you, badly-but you were with someone else. I've been patient-biding time-until you're free. And so here we are."

He's always wanted me? Whaaaat?! This is insane! How the heck did I not see this?

Being with Blake would be passionate-thrilling, and tumultuous.

Do I have the capacity to go through a circus ring? I want him, no doubt. But he's scary and unknown. My mind boggled, I couldn't think straight. As much as I was attracted to Blake, I don't know if I am ready, just yet. He was too intense, too commanding, too everything. But at the same time I was hypnotized, my mind puzzled. It really is disconcerting.

"Blake-I," I looked at him with beseeching eyes. Licking my dry lips, "I don't think I'm ready for this-I mean-I'm attracted to you, but this has been too sudden-you must see-understand -that I need time," Searching his eyes as he studied mine-waiting for him to answer me.

After what felt like forever, I saw him nod his head, "Alright, my lovely Sienna. I've waited for eight months, I can wait a little more. I'll wait until you are ready. But I want to make something clear; I just don't you for your body... when you're mine- I want your all-your body, your soul,your mind-I will consume you-I'll be your world and in return, I'll worship the ground you walk on and make you a very happy woman," he spoke with strongly decisive and determined voice without his eyes leaving mine.

He wants me.

Blake Knightly. Wants. Me.

I'm excited, but at the same time, I wanted to run to the hills.

"Blake, if you must insist, but until I make up my mind-you have to respect my boundaries," giving him a peck on the left cheek and moved a little closer to his ear and whispered "thank you," I swiftly moved and accidentally grazed my ni**les on his chest. The friction tingled all the way to my core. He immediately hissed through his clenched teeth.

Oh, my God. That felt wonderful.

"Sienna-try not to test my limit-because I would gladly throw caution out and take you right here until I've my fill with that glorious body-until your limp and worn-out from me f**king you," warning me with tested patience.

"Right"

What the hell do I say to that?

I stepped out of the pool, leaving him as his powerful gaze burned holes through my back.

I daren't look back unless I really like playing with fire.

And he was a searing, scorching, and sizzling with fire that was waiting to be unleashed.

ON. ME. Shit.

Eleven

I woke up startled from my surroundings and dawned that I was in Blake's apartment. The bedroom was simple with a touch of understated warmth elegance and twice the size of my room.

A modern queen sized bed sat in the middle of the room with russet-colored damask patterned wallpaper. The other two walls were painted in ecru shade complementing the chic design. Lamps made of an actual rock in amber sat on both sides of the bed. A contemporary styled chaise lounge in pistachio silk slanted in the corner along with a large antique mahogany coffee table tucked neatly. The room basked aglow with three shaded floor-to-ceiling glass windows over-looking the streets of Mayfair.

His entire apartment, which was the whole tenth floor, was styled in the same manner; modern contemporary and expensive French antique accents which I think took the cold demeanor of the design.

The combination gave the whole place subtle warmth. I smiled. The comparison of the apartment and its owner was uncanny.

I gently rubbed my eyes as I yawned. Events from yesterday, flashed through my drowsy head. He drove us straight back to his place from the spa. Surprised, yes, but too exhausted to argue with him to take me back to my own place in Covent Garden.

Deep down, I was pleased that he wanted me to be close to him.

He cooked dinner, it was superb. I hadn't known he was quite the skilled cook. After we ate, we caught a couple of episodes of Game of Thrones from the DVR player. We lounged with a bottle of red wine and chocolates truffles from the famous, La Maison du Chocolat-a completely marvelous way to end our day.

For the entire evening he never once tried to make a pass. He was respectful and kept his distance, though he would find a way to subtly touch me. Where you turn into a brainless creature every time he does touch you?

I was aware of him-even if he was in the room or not.

He acted like the usual Blake and that put me at ease. I was relieved. My mind is confused when it comes to him. I mean-I know what I want-but when he's being all sexy and seductive-my thoughts turn to mush-and that's perplexing.

When it was time for bed, he handed me one of his silk boxers and shirt to wear for bed. He decided, without asking me, that I should stay with him for the next few days until Sunday-when Luce arrives.

School starts Monday as he too begins his lengthy training to become a tycoon like his grandfather-who he'll be shadowing until he's ready to retire, which looms nearly in the horizon. He's been learning the ins and outs of the business for the last two years he said-but this time-he'll take on most of the responsibilities. His grandfather wants Blake to take over as soon as he deemed him ready.

Their family business is vast from what I heard from Toby. From oil, five-star restaurants, real estate, hotels and casinos just to name a few. I doubt their family can't be estimated to be worth billions without an enormous diverse portfolio.

Blake knew what this entailed, knowing full well that his grandad will not be there forever. He needs to prepare for the inevitable hence the prepping and training him at the age of a twenty-four. He's almost four years older than me.

The only thing that I'm worried about is Blake changing. He's rich now-he made a lot of money from his own investments-but when the time comes when he can tap unlimited funds and resources-and surrounded by powerful men and the world's beautiful women-I'm afraid that will it'll change him. I heard Toby joked about it before. I'm quite certain that he too believed it's possible. Money and power can be intoxicating-especially at his impressionable age.

I stretched for five minutes or so before going to bed. It helps me sleep better and my body doesn't ache as much if I stick to one side the entire sleep. The moment my head hit the pillow, I immediately went to sleep. Sometime during the night, I felt him bend over and softly brushed my cheek, brushed it with his lips and whispered, "Sleep well my Sienna," and quietly left my room to go to his own.

I slept like a baby after that.

Still lounging in bed, his beige fifteen-hundred count Egyptian cotton sheets haphazardly tangled on my legs, I looked across and stared at the sky from windows.

I felt well rested and almost felt like I'm myself again.

My face heated and my stomach coiled from memories of the pool incident surfaced.

I groaned.

Damn the man.

He looked so good. And that body...my God. Thinking about it makes me all hot and bothered. I would never-for the life of me-can ever fathom how I managed to declined his offer that night. It will undoubtedly baffle my psyche for the rest of my life.

Not hearing the door creaked open, I was surprised when Blake sat on the bed across me, amused and sexy as hell. "Devising a plan to stay in bed all day, poppet?"

If he only knew...how long can I endure-this longing-for him-before I succumbed to what my body is aching for?

I noticed that he had light stubble growing on the sides of his face-it made him utterly and painstakingly gorgeous. How does one manage to look beautiful after waking up in the morning? I bet I looked like a fright.

I looked away from his face. He caught me studying him several times already-much to my growing embarrassment.

Wearing a fitted black shirt and sheer black cotton pajamas, I would never have guessed in a million years that he was a pajama man. I thought along the lines of going commando was more his thing.

"Can we please? I need to just rest and unwind," I exclaimed. I'm still tired from my trip. Watching me intently, he reached out brushing the hair off my face and tucked it behind me ear.

"As you wish," I looked up smiling to meet his gaze, "really?" loving his easy, jovial demeanor.

"Yes, really!"

My laugh abruptly halted as he slid his body next to me. I stiffened. Strong hands pulled and hugged me from behind. I want you...my damn mind kept nagging.

The sudden feel of hard chiseled chest made me shudder. I was frozen in shock. Body, what happened to waiting?

Strong hand snaked around my waist, holding me tight, imprisoning me, to the feel of him. The heavy thud of his wildly beating heart was evident proof that he's affected as I am. My body was shaken with hunger, hunger for Blake-that seemed to be getting close to impossible to resist.

"Hmmm...I just want to smell you-I hardly slept knowing that you were sleeping in the next room-can this request be granted, my sweet Sienna?"

My body shivered with anticipated excitement. I nodded, urging him on.

His lips touched softly behind my earlobe as he trailed soft kisses all the way down to the base of my neck. Neatly pulling my hair to one side, neck exposed, he inhaled deeply.

He groaned with frustration. Burst of lust surged from my aching core.

Just one kiss, I thought wildly. I just want a taste. Turning around to face him, we closely stared at each other-intently. Electric current between us crackled and sizzled. It was heady-intoxicating-searing.

My gaze fell on his lips. One taste, that's it. Feeling bold I licked my own my bottom lip. It's now or never. Do it.

Slanting my head, I kissed him very softly. A guttural sound came from his throat as he devoured my lips. His kiss was demanding with potent alacrity, as I matched his passion.

This. Gorgeous. Man. Wants. Me.

Hooking my leg on his hips, locking it against me-the feel of him being this close-drove my body to a raging inferno. I'm so screwed.

Feeling brazen, I tugged and pulled his shirt off. I needed to touch-feel-taste his hardened chest. I greedily stroked his chest as his kisses became rapacious. Encouraged from his groans, I kissed his neck and ran my whole hand on his chest, scratching his erect nipple. 'Ahhhhh' he howled-from pain and pleasure.

He speedily flipped me on my back and kissed my swollen lips even hard. He briskly opened my boxer-clad legs and positioned his hot, hard body above me. Our tongues clashed as I locked both of my legs on him. His erection pressed boldly against his sheer pajamas. The heat of his erection rubbing with urgency against my covered mound sent me into a tail spin.

We were on fire. I felt his need, his frustration, his want, his desire from his blazing kisses.

I broke off from his mouth and moaned satisfyingly. The profound effect his body on me was astounding. I felt drunk and aroused more than ever in my life.

'Blake' I gasped with my sex awakened voice.

Gazing at me with lust-filled eyes, he grinded his hips harder on my pu**y-making me even wetter.

Touch me. Please.

Panting hard like he ran a marathon, he sat back looking over my wanton state. I can't breathe. Time stood still. He softly caressed the cleft of the boxers, over my pu**y with his finger.

I whimpered and bit my lip, hard.

Blake...what you do to me...

The evidence of my arousal seeping through the soaked silk fabric as his finger grazed it teasingly and right stopped there-holding my gaze, "you're so beautiful-you have no idea-how much I want to f**k you-hard and fast as you scream my name when you orgasm. I want to feel you come apart beautifully while my c**k f**ks you harder," my throat ran dry, his eyes pure with torment. "You have no idea...how much this is killing me-but I'm keeping my promise. You will be mine, Sienna. Not just for your body, I want everything from you-I'll wait-you're worth the wait," his voice gruff.

He shrugged and looked away. Was he for real? What if I just want to get laid without the emotional hung ups?

"Blake-I-are you serious?" wide-eyed in disbelief.

Kissed me softly and quickly pulled his body away and added, "breakfast's ready and waiting in ten minutes," left the bed and exited the door with an evident hard-on.

I was left with my mouth agape and still-wide opened legs, waiting to be ambushed. Who. Does. That?

How can he just walk away when I'm more than willing? It's not the body he just wants to posses. He wants you-body and soul-and won't settle just for your body. He wants it all.

I have to get up and shower.

He won't come back and change his mind. Not until I've cleared my emotional closet and cleaned up all the cobwebs hanging loosely about.

How long will that take?

I cursed.

Blake. Fucking. Knightly.

Twelve

Showered and dressed with Blake's, Manchester United football jersey, I piled my hair up and went straight to the kitchen.

Upon entering, I stood frozen and watched as Blake placed omelet and bacon on both plates. His hair still wet from shower, bare-chested, wearing only his well-worn jeans, barefoot.

His defined torso and six-pack making a rippling effect as he moved about. My mouth watered. What is it with men wearing only jeans and bare feet? The combination's simply irresistible!

Was he trying to drive me insane? He looks so deliciously yummy!

Feeling my presence, he turned around. With a sexy grin, he sauntered to where I was standing, kissed my forehead, and guided me to sit on the breakfast bar.

"Coffee?" I nodded unable to speak, still mesmerized by the charming barefoot-jean-clad God.

He went over to the coffee-pot. My eyes gawked at his impressive back muscles flex as he moved. This man is too sexy, it's criminal.

I can stare at him all day and wouldn't be bored. It's like eye p**n and he was a delectable subject. But at the same time, I wanted to throttle him. Here he was, acting like a good host, acting like he didn't leave me hanging and yearning in the bedroom.

Coffee poured, fixed it to my liking and placed the steaming cup in front of me with a smirk on. He's enjoying this. His eyes are dancing with amusement. Asshat!

"Blake-can you please put a shirt on?" I petulantly demanded.

Smiling devilishly at me and teasingly said, "Too much for you, Sienna? You just say the word and we can remedy that problem immediately."

I shrugged. What word? How about three words? Let's just f**k?

"Thought you needed a reminder-that we'll be EXPLOSIVE together," his voice hoarse, gruff. 'But I want your all, poppet."

Don't I know it!

"Baby steps Blake," There was no doubt in my mind that we will be explosive. But I'm trying to delay the inevitable. Once, I let him in, there is no going back. There was no doubt in my mind that he will take everything-he'll consume me with no concession.

It would be easy to fall for Blake. Most women did.

I will be vulnerable.

Open.

Defenseless.

***

"Loser," I proclaimed with a little victory dance, hands waving high and hips swaying.

"Don't count your eggs yet, two more games to go," he declared playfully.

We were playing scramble. And boy, don't we get competitive. I'll show him who's the BOSS!

I won two-to-one and he was a little annoyed because I kept teasing him. This was the second time I won a round with him and we played possibly a hundred games all together. I was ecstatic and victorious!

I was dancing one of my victory dances again when he pulled me to the couch and tickled me until I was out of breath. Panting loudly as my thoughts provoked.

I badly wanted him to kiss me again, but he never tried. I won't beg, though I'm dying inside. It was as if the incident this morning never happened. How does he switch off like that? Hot and smoldering to casual and friendly the next?

Standing in the open built-in wine cellar, I was biting and twisting my lips in frustration. My indecisive self contemplated what kind of red wine to drink when he snaked his arm over my shoulder and grab his wine of preference, "How about a Barolo?"

"Was actually thinking of Pinot Noir or that-but you've made up my mind. Go get the wine ready. I'll go fetch the popcorn, Parisian cake, and the fruits."

I could get used to this domesticated scene with Blake. He's so easy to be around-charming, thoughtful, witty, and sexy-but most of all he makes me laugh.

It would not be difficult to fall in love with him.

We watched another movie, a third one today. Love Actually, one of our favored movies. It was funny, sad, and heart-warming at the same time.

I snuggled close to him, drawing his heat and the need to just be near him. He pulled me closer and placed my head against his strong solid chest and held me firmly.

I listened to his heart; beating steadily, closing my eyes as he started to stroke my arm gently, and I sighed with blissful contentment.

Life certainly is starting again, whether I want it to or not.

Thirteen

The sound of my ringing tone blaring jolted me awake. I was about to reach for my phone when it suddenly dawned on me that there's a strong heavy arm clutching my waist.

Blake.

Turning around to see if the noise woke him up, but his steady breathing showed he was fast asleep. I unhooked his draping arm carefully as I slid off the bed, grabbed my phone from the night stand and gently left the bedroom as I softly made my way to the living room.

Why did Blake sleep next to me? He didn't last night.

Either way, I was happy he did.

The entire flat was dark, but the moonlight helped me find my way around. When my toe touched the plush black area rug, I opened my phone to see who the caller was.

Who would call me during this time? Luce? Jen?

Kyle. It was him, again.

I might as well just get this out of the way if I have to start considering being with Blake. It's best to clear out as much 'Kyle baggage' as I can. The other issues I have, still needs to be worked on. I'll have to talk to Chad, my g*y go-to person and a very dear friend about this. He's my unofficial therapist.

After a couple of rings, he picked up.

"God, Sienna! I've been going crazy here! Are you okay, baby?" Kyle sounded frantic and he does sound like he was going crazy.

Why is he still pursuing this issue? He made it perfectly obvious what his intentions were the last time I saw him.

"Yeah, Kyle, I'm great! This call better be important if you had to wake me up at FOUR in the morning. So, what do you want, Matthews?" I sounded like how I felt, furious and annoyed.

"Jesus, baby, take it easy-will you? I've been trying to reach you, but you've been ignori-

"With good reason! I told you-very clearly in fact-not to contact me again. But no, no, no! You never listen to me. I'm hurting-that's a given. And it wasn't just our dating relationship that ended-but I lost my childhood best friend too! So, am I okay with that? Not really, but it was your choice. It was your choice to go behind my back-cheat-and started dating Brooke before having the decency-like other men do-to simply break-up with their girlfriend first!" shrieking with erupting anger.

I heard him sigh, heavy and pained.

"I'm sorry, Sienna, baby-I've been missing you so badly-I've been drinking non-stop and got a DUI. I had a hard time handling things without you. I am hurting too. You left me, even if it was for school...but you left and went on with your life without me. When you call happy and excited about your day, I felt left out-it was you and me against the world since we were kids-but in the end... there was just me. I was lonely-I needed you-but I couldn't beg you to give up your life for me-you already went through so much with your family-I can't ask it of you. Breaking it off was the best thing to do...then-and I was getting by....trying to live my life... and worked harder for my career-and it was helping and for the first time since we said our goodbyes at the airport-I felt like I was living again." He drew air in his lungs before continuing. Crap.

"And when you showed up at Katie's party, everything went down the drain... all the things I told myself that helped me get through...were forgotten from the moment I saw you again...You looked even more beautiful...," he sounded choked up, his thoughts and feelings unconcealed.

My stomach churned.

"I simply wanted you-I needed you, still I need you, Sienna-like air to breathe. You're my life, and I can't simply go on living and not be with you. Without you in it-I was in hell. I'm desperate for you...and without a doubt...in my mind, my heart that I'm still hopelessly in love with you, Sienna," his voice barely a whisper. I wouldn't have heard him if the apartment wasn't so eerily quiet.

Oh Kyle! This conversation's killing me inside. He's dying from pain. I felt it. I felt his pain and it tears me up inside because I don't want him to hurt, I love him-but I can't-I'm beyond hurt. I was betrayed by someone who I placed so highly-and appallingly let me down. That's something I can't get past-or forget about.

I sighed with a heavy heart, the weight pulling me down, "Kyle..."

"Sienna...," his voice gruff and anguished, "please,-please-I beg you-all these years I never asked much from you, but I'm begging you now-give me another chance-let's give us another shot. I won't let you down this time. I promise you, I'll figure it out-speak to dad and work in our branch in London-I'll do anything-I'll promise you anything-just please, think about it?-we can get married, if you want...I'd give anything to have you back...just please, Sienna, forgive me-and love me again."

He sounded so broken and extremely desperate.

I sat on the floor leaning on the couch, my lips quivered. What he's telling me-breaks me in two. If he came clean and was honest about his feelings, we wouldn't have broken up. We would still be together. Planning our lives, get married and have babies. It was what he talked about. And he threw that out the window because he was lonely.

I was too for the whole time we were apart, but I didn't act on it. But what I wanted more is trust, honesty and loyalty, he lost on all three counts.

Can I be take him back? Even if-I try to see if it could work out-after what he's done-I could, possibly, if he showed remorse and guilt. I might've before-before Blake told me how he felt about me. Hold on, did he say anything about what he felt? Besides wanting me? No. He hadn't. His intentions were clear though. He wanted me, in his bed, but other than that-he never spoke about any indication about the future. It was sex he was after-my whole cooperation but not once did he mention he was after my heart.

I mentally shook my head.

It doesn't matter.

My heart is not up for anyone to grab. Love makes you weak and open for pain and suffering.

Never again! I took a chance with Kyle because he was everything to me then, but he reinstated my beliefs by proving it right.

"Kyle....I forgive you, I do...It would have been easier for us if you told me about your feelings then-how terrible it was for you, but you kept on being silent and never uttered a word to me about your pain-and I'm sorry for that... I am. But asking me to give us another try? That's a bit too much, I can't trust you. I'm hurt and still am. I'm so sorry-for everything, but it's all too late now-I can't be with you," my voice trembled, each word punctured me deeply.

Never in a million years had I imagined that I will cause Kyle pain and suffering. I want him to be happy and take all that pain away. He means that much to me, but I can't sacrifice myself for his happiness.

I just can't.

"So, please, I'm begging you now, Kyle....I need space...I can't talk for awhile. Maybe in a year-we can be friends again, who knows? But right now, I simply can't. We just have to move on with our lives-separately.... Goodbye, Kyle.... I'll always miss you," those last two sentences were torturous to utter.

The pain in my heart was so acute, I gasped for breath.

I immediately ended the call before he had the chance to speak. I almost ran to the bathroom across the hall, careful not to make a lot of noise and wake up Blake.

The bathroom was dark and comforting. The moment I closed the door; I slid off it and sunk on the cold marble tiles and cried, hard.

I cried because Kyle was the only family I had growing up.

Because he was my best friend, my first love.

It hurts, but I don't have it in me to forget what Kyle did. He made his bed. He just needs to grow up and accept that sometimes things just doesn't work the way you pictured it to.

After weeping for like eternity, I washed my face and swollen eyes. And stared at the mirror, studying my distressed state, skin blotchy from crying.

That's enough crying. You've shed it all and you have nothing left. Be strong.

I walked slowly to back to the bedroom, and positioned my body next to a sleeping Blake. Curled up and closed my eyes and prayed sleep to come so I don't have to think about my life.

Even just for a little while.

Experiencing this kind of loss certainly made me realize that life would never be the same again for me.

Kyle.

He'll always be a part of me. I will always remember him as the man who took me in, held me close, and protected me.

He was my hero, my love, and my best friend.

Goodbye, my Kyle.

I will always miss you.

Fourteen

Waking up the next day was brutal. My body was cathartic and my head pounded. I groaned and covered my head with a pillow. As much as I want to stay in bed all day, I need to keep moving and find sanity.

Reaching for my phone, I was shocked to find that it was already eleven-thirty. Haul your lazy butt out of bed, Sienna.

Sitting, still on the bed, I decided to text Chad.

Hey, love! Are you busy? Want to meet me @ the studio to let off some steam? -S

Dragging myself to the bathroom, I washed my face and brushed my teeth and studied my reflection. My eyes were red and swollen from crying, skin blotchy and my hair, a tangled mess.

Oh, Kyle! What a mess.

After I showered, I changed into my freshly laundered dress that I wore few days ago. It was time to go back and change. As much as I like wearing Blake's, I miss my own. Putting on some gloss, I went to go look for him.

I found him in his office/library. He was on a call in a heated discussion and was engrossed with something on his laptop. I backed away and went to the kitchen.

I sat at the breakfast bar enjoying my coffee and croissant, when I received a text from Chad.

Sure, baby love. What time do you want to meet? I'm free now. Want to grab lunch somewhere? Or better yet, how about I come over with Chinese? xxx

Smiling, I eagerly replied to meet in my apartment in an hour and Chinese would suffice.

Putting my phone down, sipping my coffee and enjoying the buttery croissant, when Blake strolled in with what seemed to be an empty coffee mug and with a serious face.

"Everything okay?" I inquired lightly. Wondering where he got his mood from.

He shrugged. "Just work. We're trying to open a hotel and casino in Marbella-there seemed to be a problem with permits and over budget that I have to look into."

"That's unfortunate. I hope you guys can figure out a way to fix that. Marbella's a very prime location. I'm sure you and your people will figure out a way. You're good at that."

Smiling, "thanks for the vote of confidence, poppet."

"Anytime, Knightly," winking at him as I retreated back to nursing my coffee.

"Going somewhere?"

"Yeah, I'm meeting Chad for lunch in my flat in an hour and we'll hit the studio later in the afternoon, perhaps"

He turned and walked over to the coffee pot. Stirring his contents with two teaspoons of sugar before retreating to his former post, leaning against the kitchen sink, "sounds like fun! Will you be back here tonight?"

"Do you want me to? I'm sure you're busy with work already, Blake. I don't want to impose any longer."

He left the sink and came over to where I sat, swerved my chair, so I sat there facing him. "Listen, you're not imposing. I invited you to stay here. I would love for you to stay with me tonight before Monday comes. We'll be busy, but always count on me that I will make time for you." Swoon.

"I love spending time with you too," I said shyly. I'm still not used to being with Blake like this. It catches me by surprise, every time.

"What time do you plan to leave? I'll take you"

"Are you sure? Aren't you busy with the Marbella project?"

"Yes-but I'm still taking you. End of Story"

"Alright, then in that case, save dinner for me. My turn to cook"

"Brilliant! Apart from your coffee making skills, I haven't tried anything else," I punched him lightly in the arm. "Hey! Don't make fun of me! I'll load your dish with cayenne pepper just to punish you for that!" grinning widely at him.

"Oh, really! My type of punishment will make you suffer with sweet torture. So, watch it, my sweet. Take what you can only handle"

"We'll see"

He held my hand as we both got up and went to go get his keys, driving me back to meet Chad for lunch.

Fifteen

"Have some room for dessert, love?"

I looked at Chad astonished that he can even stuff himself more knowing how much Chinese takeaway we consumed together."Go help yourself, I'm in a coma."

"We'll just do double time with dancing tonight. It's okay, cheesecake?" Flagging a forkful of blueberry cheesecake in my mouth. I groaned in frustration and his persistent attitude, knowing full well I have weaknesses for sweets.

Heavens! That was delicious.

I got up and went to the kitchen to prepare some coffee. I sat across him in the living room, Chad almost halfway done with the cheesecake.

"Something's bothering you-what is it, baby love?" he glanced at me with a perfectly arched ebony brow.

Feeling helpless and confused, I spilled everything about Blake. They're friends by association. Chad knew I have the hots for Blake Knightly. So, my confession brought a shock to him.

He whistled after I finished with my tale.

He took a big gulp of coffee and squarely looked at me in the eye, "wow. That's some story." You don't say buster.

I smirked.

"I'm usually pretty good at these things, but never once thought he saw you that way love, I mean apart from a few lingering glances here and there-wow, that man can certainly put a mask on! But God! I can't believe you didn't just shag him! How can you even not think of going all the way, love? I would've yelled on top of my lungs and told him to pummel me anyway you want me, baby!" Chad looked all hot and bothered all of sudden. I'm sure his thoughts involved a sweaty, smoldering, hot body of Blake. I had no doubt in my mind Chad would do exactly that.

We both got the hots for Blake Knightly.

I laughed loudly.

Smiling, "I was sort of ready to do it all the way, but he resisted-and I admired him for that. It's difficult enough that I just barely got out of a relationship and jump in another-partially blindfolded, Chad. Don't get me wrong-I like Blake-more than I should at the moment-and when he's around, he's all I think about. But I'm not emotionally ready. I'm drained and I can't just put myself in that situation-not right now, maybe in a few months.

Blake's an intense person. He will consume me and I'm not ready for that kind of emotional rollercoaster. Not yet."

"Even if he's a deliciously sinful specimen, I get where you're coming from. Maybe you can still have fun with him without getting too attached? Or you can just enjoy being single and see what's out there-God knows you haven't yet experienced London single! Maybe it's time you should, love! I'll be with you all the way! This is so exciting," he looked wistful like he was imagining all sorts of scenarios in his head.

Blinking a few times, I leaned back on the couch and exhaled a sigh. Chad had a point. Jumping from one relationship to another is not good, everyone knows that. I still have baggage to sort through with Kyle. I can't think about him without feeling a heavy knot in my chest. Everything's so complicated.

"You're right. Maybe being single's the answer to all this."

"That you do-speaking of fun, I have a different motive to coming here. I need a model for my theme with the art show I have in eleven weeks and I want you to pose for me....with another male model-who I don't know at the moment-"

"Pose?"

"Yes, pose! Model for me! For my grunge sensual theme-"

"I'm not model material, Chad!"

"I beg to differ-have you seen your body, Sienna? C-cup br**sts, small waist and that ass! But most of all-you are gorgeous! You look sensual! You fit for my theme! And I don't see anyone else that would be just as fitting, baby love-do this for me and I'll be forever in you debt.... Will do you do it, love?" he was on his knees with a huge pout and huge dark eyes, pleading. Chad with his flair for the dramatics doesn't exactly hold back when he's desperate.

This means I'm the only person he had in mind. Sigh, things we for the people we love.

"Ah! How you tug my heart-you just have to go looking all sad! Fine! I'll do it! And you can bet your skinny ass that you'll be indebted to me for awhile! When does it start?"

"I have to speak to a few guys tomorrow-I'll let you know by Tuesday. Shooting will be around a week or two. The images I want-are risque and you'll be technically nude with undies-just to warn you," he looked delirious and sheepish, happy that his project was well on its way.

Technically nude? Shit. Bite me. I pulled my legs on my chest. Thoughts of the shoot mocked my mind. What if it looks obscene and tacky?

"These better be tasteful, Chad-"

"Baby love-I only do it with taste and class! You know that!" True, I do know that. His artworks are appealing and riveting. I'm sure my lack of confidence came from my own insecurities.

After lunch, we left to go walk around Bond Street and went inside Selfridges before hitting the gym. He needed some apparel and he enjoyed modeling them as I sat and cheerfully critiqued his choices.

After a couple of hours, we left for Hampstead and hit the gym. They have floor-to-ceiling-mirrors that surround the room, they have six rooms in total and we took one that wasn't occupied.

Damp with perspiration, I gulped a whole bottle of water.

The four sets of samba gave me a much needed workout and it felt great.

"Get your sweet Brazilian ass back here! Time to shake it for Salsa!" called out as he was jumping about and browsed through his ipod .

"Coming!" yelling as I made my way in the middle of the room. I studied the image before me. Dressed in my black leggings and cut-off loose shirt that hung on one shoulder, I looked flushed and glowing.

The two-hour work-out with Chad left me in a happy state as I made my way through the checkout counter in Waitrose on Marylebone High Street. I'm making spinach salad with cherry tomatoes, stuffed mushrooms, and lasagna with hot Italian sausage instead of beef, garlic bread, and tiramisu to finish the meal.

I paid my items and hurried outside to hail a cab. Sitting comfortably in the cab, I texted Blake that I'm on my way with groceries in hand and meet to me in the lobby.

Sixteen

Playing with my wine glass, I took a sip and look at him. His fitted black shirt emphasized his bulging biceps and broad shoulders. "Blake-"

He looked up from his tiramisu, "hmm?"

"Is it okay if we keep this-whatever this is-between you and me? Until, I've thought things through?"

"If that's what you wish-then-I'll oblige, Sienna"

"Thank you. And since we're on the subject, what is it really you're after? A relationship? A fling? Friends with benefits?"

"A relationship but as I said before, it's your decision. I am not going to pressure you to do anything you wouldn't want. But if you are-I want everything and only want you exclusively. I don't share what's mine."

"I see. That's a lot to take in," looking up to him with serious expression.

"It is. That's why I want you to think about it carefully."

"What happens to our friendship? I don't want to ruin what we have-I don't want to lose that. It's a major factor for me."

"I know and our friendship means a lot to me too. But I want you!-I'm burning for you. I can't get you out of my head! It's driving me insane. It's the only thing I think about-I can't think straight, Sienna!" his face unashamed from his admission. If more, he looked unfaltering-determined to be precise.

"How about friends with benefits? No strings attached?"

"No. I want all the strings, the good and the bad. If it's too much to be with me because you're still recovering from your ex-then as I said before-I'll wait. I want you to want this too-badly enough that you can't wait to be with me. I want you open only for me and no one else."

His unabashed admission turned me on and gave my stomach butterflies. Blake's kind of man that knows what he wants and doesn't hesitate to get it-and he could be ruthless.

And I badly wanted to kiss him. What I feel for Kyle and with Blake are two different things. With Blake, it's something stronger... unknown.

"Why me Blake? I know you don't do serious relationships. I mean-you had so many women-who doesn't have any emotional hang-ups or issues. I just don't get it-you could have any woman you want. What makes me different compared to Camilla or the others?"

"That's easy. You're different because you're all sassiness and sexiness most times-but sometimes you can just be gullible. You're unique and I've never felt this connection with anyone. It's exhilarating and terrifying at the same time. I knew this before we even kissed earlier-it confirmed what I knew. You feel it too-I've seen you trying to tame it down-but it only intensified."

"It's like that huh?" Giving him a teasing smile, I got out of my chair and walked across the table, to where he was sitting, his face lit-up with a knowing smile.

I stopped before him, hooked my right leg to the other side of the chair and straddled him. Took his face with both of my hands and kissed him passionately, deeply. Showing him how much his words affect me. How he makes me forget about everything, except for him.

The kiss was ferocious as our hunger battled against our tongues. I pushed my ass down harder and grinded him. We both groaned as he took both of his hands gripped my waist, pressing me firmly in place against his jeans that revealed his hardened shaft. The heat of his rock-hard erection against my soaked underwear was madness.

I rocked myself slowly against him, kissing his neck and sucking it until he moaned my name. I slowly kissed him, lost in this blanket of mindless lust with this beautiful man.

My heart ached. I want him. So. Badly.

But what tears me inside is the prospect of losing him all together as my dear friend. He means a lot and by sleeping with him, there's a huge possibility that our friendship cannot and will not survive.

"You've enslaved me-but I'm asking you to stop torturing me-end my agony-say yes." his voice sounded different, pleading laced with passion.

"Blake-"

He took my chin and made me look him straight in the eye, "Be mine, Sienna. Your body tells me that it's mine, but your mind resists. Stop fighting it and let it conquer us. We're fated to be together. I knew it from the moment I met you. You're mine."

"Blake, I can't have sex with you tonight.... But I can help you-I'll help you...get off." Empowered from his reaction, I made up a plan.

I might not be ready to do the deed, but I'm ready to have fun.

And fun it'll be.

I peeled myself off of him and lead him straight in living room. I dimmed the lights and directed him to sit on the couch. "Take all your clothes off-except for your undergarment" my voice commanding and serious. He gave me his drop-dead-gorgeous smile, curious and excited for what I have in mind for him.

Walking over to his ipod player and chose the song 'I've Been Thinking' by Handsome Boy Modeling, fitting to what I have in mind for him. I turned around and saw he was already situated in the middle of couch, eyes preying on me, six-pack abs and torso-bare, and his black boxer-briefs fitted him like a glove.

I swallowed and started to panic.

Do I know what I'm doing? You've got it under control, you're fine. You can do this! Now, move.

"I need to get something. I'll be back in a flash and don't move an inch, Knightly"

I almost ran to bathroom and fetched what I needed and hastily darted back to where Blake was patiently waiting for me.

"So, where were we?"

"Oh yeah, pleasing you, Mister Knightly," smiling and bit my lip, feeling excited and wicked.

Opening his legs a little wider, I stood before him-my long dark hair, wild and mussed-up, lips swollen from his kisses. I untied the knot of on neck my and pulled my short dress above my head, slowly.

Studying his reaction, his face stoic, his eyes darkened making his gold flecks stand out, his gaze penetrating me. My shaky hands unhooked my bra, pulled it off, placing it on my fingers and letting it dramatically drop on the floor.

I stood before him with my hot-pink lacy thong and my four-inch patent nude Rolando, Louboutin pumps.

Still, no sound came from him-but his eyes spoke volumes. It was locked on my round and heavy br**sts. His penetrating gaze made my ni**les hardened and my pu**y drenched.

Bending over him, my butt in the air, I kissed him neck and slowly made my way to his tanned and chiseled torso. I licked the outer part of his nipple until it hardened and covered with goose bumps. I flicked his nipple slowly and playfully bit it.

He gasp, "Fuck, Sienna. You're killing me"

Glancing at him through my lashes and gave him a cat-like smile, "I've only started. Be patient young man!"

I went back to assaulting his left nipple and took my other hand and scratched the other counterpart.

He buckled.

He liked it, I smiled.

I slowly made my way to his navel and nipped around it. My fingers traced the outline of his boxer-briefs, soft and light-just enough to make him tingle.

Gently pulling it down, I loudly gasp from his springing cock. It was massive, the girth-thick and a big- vein outlined his hardened ridge.

My eyes greedy, my mouth watered, and my hands itchy.

Wow, Impressive!

Gathered my bearings, I slowly pulled it off his long legs. Kneeling, both of my hands gripped his thighs. I kissed his inner thigh slowly and made my way to his balls. Cupped it, hard and started to play with it. Holding his balls firm, careful not to touch his ready to combust cock, I slowly got up and bent over to kiss his neck. Assaulting it with my lips, sucking it and biting his earlobe while I gripped his balls and squeezed it, "Siennna"

I felt his hands gripping my ass and smacked my left cheek, fiercely. I yelp from pleasure and grunted loudly, "Don't touch, Knightly!"

"Can't help it. Your beautifully shaped arse was just there, waiting to be spanked"

"Enough"

He immediately shut his mouth as I stroked his cock. His eyes closed and mouth hanging ajar, aroused.

"You like that, Mr. Knightly?" rasping my sultry voice and licked my lips.

"Yessss," he responded, his voice thick and throaty.

Still stroking him, I used my other hand to reach for the oil and flipped it open. Drizzled and smothered it all over his throbbing cock, wetting my hand as it freely oozed all the way to his balls; spreading the oil all over his thighs, his torso, on my br**sts and retreated back to catering his hardened ridge.

Right-hand on his c**k and my left on his balls, stroking his lengthy c**k slowly as I sucked his balls and played it with my tongue. He rasped my name as if in pain. Easing my mouth slowly from his sack, I gripped his hardened length and stroked it as I covered his engorged head with my other free hand, swiping my oiled fingers at the crown, making delightful friction to his manhood.

He buckled from my assault.

Encouraged, I gently squeezed his head, cupping it; I gently rotated my hand, upping his pleasure as I simultaneously stroked the rest of his cock, all the way to the base, with fervent concentration. Moaning my name from his delirious state, I accelerated the speed, as he started to grip my shoulder and panted loudly.

Viciously caressing him, took my hand on his ready-to-combust head and massaged his balls, and placed my hot mouth on his swelling crown. I sucked him hard and flicked my tongue on small slit where his creamy juice will come out from and hastily retreated in the bottom of his head, where it was extremely sensitive, teasing him relentlessly.

I bobbed my head, twirling my tongue around his crown as I stroked him harder, taking everything I could from him. He took my head and clutched my hair, firmly holding me in place. With another flick of my tongue, he surrendered, yelling my name, as he unloaded himself in my mouth.

I sucked him hard and dry until all of his juices secreted out, leaving not a drop behind.

He gasped for air, staring wildly at me as I pulled my mouth out of his cock, his cum still sat creamily on my tongue.

Gazing wantonly at him through my lashes, I swallowed slowly and licked my lips.

He tasted divine.

Midnight silver eyes blazing, never leaving mine, he pulled me down and swiftly placed my hot aroused body underneath him. He kissed me with pure abandonment. I kissed him back, matching his passion.

I felt drunk with lust-with need, all because of Blake.

He does things to my body that I can't explain.

My pu**y throbbed, my thong was beyond soaked, and my juices dripped and trickled slowly down to my ass. He broke off the kiss and sucked my neck and cupped my breast, squeezing a hard nipple as he fiercely bit my neck, hard.

His still-hard cock, teasing and rubbing the outer layer of my barely covered pu**y, "You're pu**y's drenched, Sienna. Are you sure you don't want me to remedy that?" his voice rough and hoarse in my ear.

I shuddered.

How I want him, feel him inside me, but it's not the right time.

Groaning his name loudly as he took his c**k and guiding the head around my pu**y. Coaxing the lace with one swift nudge of his engorged head to move the elastic lace sideways, my swollen pu**y lips exposed to his assaulting eyes and awaiting cock.

Not, yet.

I pleaded my hazy mind, not yet.

"God, you're beautiful, Sienna" as he gently parted my pu**y with his cock. Gliding it slowly and gently rubbing it with my clit.

"I know we can't have sex. Don't worry," he gently assured me.

I nodded, trusting him, fully.

I panted, my eyes closing. Blake, what are you doing to me? I feel like a whole different person, not the old Sienna, but someone wanton-shameless.

My thoughts departed as he teased the tip of his head around my opening. Circling it slowly, excruciatingly, until I was delirious from pleasure. Planting kisses all over my stomach and directly placed his mouth in front of my pu**y, hooked my leg on top of the couch and the other on his shoulder.

"Open your eyes" I did as he commanded, "Never take your eyes off me. Watch what I can do to your body."

My eyes the size of saucers, my mouth agape as I saw his tongue taste me with a slow flick of his tongue and sucked my dripping clit. His took his thumb and played with it some more.

The image of him tasting me was so carnal and erotic.

I was mesmerized and couldn't take my eyes off him.

My body was already strung, but the raging onslaught of his tongue- it was too intense and suddenly I ran out of breath as my body quivered, responding beautifully to him.

"Come for me, my sweet Sienna," his mouth still working on my pu**y as he inserted a finger inside my molten opening, the pleasure unbearable, my orgasm closing in on me. Fast.

My breathing, halted.

He inserted another finger, finding my spot and rubbed both his fingers there-ceaselessly. I gripped the couch, scraping it with my fingers as my orgasm rocked me in waves.

My body twitched from my release, panting and out of breath.

I closed my eyes and sunk back on the couch. Energy all spent and limply moved my hand to cover my eyes.

That was mind-blowing, never in my years with Kyle, had I experienced anything like it.

And that was only his tongue and fingers.

Imagine what his c**k will do it me when the time comes.

He placed himself on top of me, kissing my lips gently, "Now, we're even"

Kissing my nose, as he slowly got up and swiftly plucked me out of the couch as if I weighed nothing. Headed towards the room and placed me carefully on the bed sliding right next to me.

"Wow. Just wow," I whispered in awe.

"I know. It makes me wonder what f**king you would be like," kissing my earlobe and as he tugged me closer to him, "One day, you will be mine. All those sweet juices will all be for my mouth and my cock. You wouldn't want anyone else"

"Arrogant man," mumbling softly.

"No, just being truthful. You gave me something tonight. The memory of you almost naked stroking and sucking me will forever be ingrained in my memory"

I laughed sleepily.

He kissed my shoulder, hugged me tightly and whispered goodnight. His soft breath hitting my neck and we both fell asleep.

Seventeen

Monday came with a rush. My classes were a little hectic. From marketing classes to Art History, I'm sure I would be spending a lot of time studying paintings in The National Gallery.

I went home yesterday after spending three nights with Blake. Luce came back upbeat from her vacation with Toby. Things seemed to be going pretty steady between the two. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.

I never once mentioned that I slept in Blake's flat or any occurrence I had with him. I want to keep it to myself for now.

Blake's been texting me about how his day went. He mentioned how hectic his schedule's going to be, but asked if I wanted to have dinner with him Friday night.

I eagerly replied and said yes, of course. I like how he's been patient with me. I'm even surprised that he's willing. The Blake I knew didn't wait on women.

They waited on him.

I just hope that he's not risking our friendship because I'm novelty. I guess I just have to wait and see how he fairs with the situation.

By Thursday, I was tired and weary. I haven't been sleeping properly. My thoughts lingered at night and it's been driving me insane. I haven't heard from Kyle.

I'm relieved and saddened at the same time. Will there ever come a time that I won't feel this deep anguish every single time I think of him? I'm haunted by that last phone call, his voice desperate and pained. I truly hope that he's doing well and not induce himself with alcohol until he's numb from the pain. I never knew him to be this irresponsible. That's why it was such a surprise that he got a DUI.

I'm sure his parents were overjoyed with that news. I can seriously see their shocked faces and the disappointment. They're a lovely couple. They loved Kyle very much. Chris Matthews and I were friendly, but never close. Kyle's mom, Marie, on the other hand was a dear and made me feel right at home ever since I was a little girl. When I pictured what my mom would be like, I always imagined my mom's face but with Marie's gentle personality. Marie treated me like I was her own. And I will forever be grateful for that.

Sitting in my marketing class, my mind was drifting in and out of the lecture. I really need to focus or else I will certainly fail.

My phone beeped silently.

I took it out of my purse and saw that Chad sent me a message. Baby love!!!! I got your male model!!!! FINALLY! He's uber hot!!! It's going to be FABULOUS!!! Just you wait love! I'll text you the deets for the shoot next week. I think we'll be doing a shoot once a week for six weeks? I'll let you know! Love Love You! xxxxxx

Ha! Wonder where he found his model. I just hope that his shots won't be raunchy or tasteless.

How comfortable would it be to pose almost nude with a stranger? This should be interesting. I might need to take my accomplice Don Patron with me if I have to gather up some nerve. I just might.

By the time the class ended, it was already six pm. So, I rushed home to cook for dinner because I'm feeling ravenous.

Hopefully, Luce hasn't arrived yet. She usually comes home around seven from school. She's a sophomore.

Opening the apartment door, there's some noise coming from the living room.

Luce is home early, I thought.

"Luuuce? I'm home! What do you feel like for dinner? I'm cooking!" I called out to her as I placed my purse on floor and checked the mails that were stacked on the rustic-looking table where we place our keys and other knick knacks.

I barely glanced as Lucy came breezing to greet me. I looked up to greet her but she looked a little frazzled.

"Luce?" I gave her a questioning look, but instead of responding, she dragged me to her bedroom and gently closed the door behind her. Okay....

"Mrs. Matthews is here!"

I gasp. What! Kyle's mother?

What in the world is she doing here? Shit! Did something happen to Kyle?

"Is Kyle okay? Did she mention what she wanted?" I asked drastically. All these scenarios popping around in my head. "I don't know. She never said. She's been waiting for twenty minutes. You should go and ask her yourself. Whatever it is she came here for-be strong." Luce gave me a hug and squeezed me tightly.

"Right, I should go then. Thanks for the warning," gently squeezed her hand for the last time as I strode to the living to find Marie.

My hands were clammy and I rubbed it on my jeans as I entered the living room.

She was gracefully sitting on the couch, drinking tea as she watched the news on the television. I was relieved that Luce took care of her and made her feel comfortable.

"Marie?"

"Sienna, dear, how are you? It's so good to see you again. I was a little miffed that you didn't come to see me when you went back home. I've missed you"

Oh, my. That just made me teary and wobbly.

I wanted to see her, but the thought of Kyle stopped me. I didn't know how he would've felt if I went behind his back and visited his own mother.

"I'm sorry. I meant to see you, but circumstances made it difficult for me. I've missed you too."

She came right in front of me and gave me a loving hug, "I hope you're doing okay, Sienna?" she eyed me with concern.

"I'm fine, is everything okay? You're visiting London?" cautiously asking her.

I needed to know the purpose of her visit.

She started to sit down and I sat across her on the other couch. I needed as much distance because it just had to be that way from now on. As much as I like Marie, she's still Kyle's mother and she will look out for her son, first and foremost.

"Sienna let me explain about my visit, and I hope that you would let me finish before you voice out your thoughts. Is that okay with you, dear?"

I nodded and said yes, eager for her to get on.

"I know it's been extremely tough for you both- since you moved here. I've seen his despair when you left. It's been tearing my heart to see my son go through something like that-but he somewhat survived that hurdle and started to live life again. But the moment he saw you back home, he's been spiraling out of control- and I need to intervene before things really get out of hand- and he ends up dead somewhere." I gasped.

Kyle? Why do you do this to yourself?

"Few days ago, I caught him passed out in the bathroom and lines of cocaine next to him. I was hysterical with worry and so I called Chris, panicking-we discussed what we should do to help our child cope with his problems. We sat Kyle down the next day after he recovered from his binging," she gently wiped a tear that escaped her teary eyes, "We asked him what's been going through his head and how negligent he's been with his actions. He didn't talk much-as expected- but laid out essential facts and how he feels like he's dying inside. I just wished he spoke to me about it. He chose to bottle it all in.

"Instead of putting him in rehab like most people do, Chris and I agreed that it would be best to send him here. To be around you again-you gave him perspective, dear. But most of all-he listens to you. He'll be assigned to scout and supervise the UK branch and at the same time, he can try to see you and make amends. Even if you two don't get back together, but be there as friends. You darlings were inseparable, and it's painful to see a long standing friendship come apart.

"Sienna, I know this is asking a lot of you, but I'm asking you a favor, for the first time, to please help my son get better again. I'm not sure if this will help, but I feel that this all started with you. I have no doubt in my heart that you can help him get better- if he saw you again. He always listened to you. He loves you."

I'm speechless, Kyle coming and living here? Helping him get better?

That's a big responsibility! How the heck will I handle that? I'm freaked out! So much for cleaning out my closet with emotional baggage!

This is going to drive me mental.

"Marie-how do I even begin? That was a lot to take in. Has Kyle agreed to this? Does he know? When is he coming, anyway?"

"He does and he's arriving tomorrow afternoon," she said calmly.

I stared at her in shock, her statement sinking in.

Holy f**k! Kyle will be here tomorrow? What the hell am I going to do? What about Blake? He'll go ballistic or he'll be understanding, who knows?

This is all so frustrating. Marie is precious and all she's ever been is kind to me ever since I moved in with the Brown's.

I can't let her down without even putting an effort.

"Alright, I can try. I'm not making promises, but I'll try"

"Oh! Sienna! Thank you! This means so much to Chris and me. Thank you! Kyle will be so happy!"

I don't know about making Kyle happy, but I'll be a friend. He certainly needs redirecting his goals. Deep down, I know I can't see someone so dear to me spiral out of control. It's Kyle and he needs me, his best friend, not the lover. And I will be there for him.

Marie stood up and took something out of her purse.

She sat next to me and handed me a key.

"Here is apartment key. He'll be staying in the company house in Hampstead. Here's the address and here's my phone number, just in case you need to call me. Never hesitate to call me, dear. I'm here for you too. I'm just helping Kyle settle in the apartment and I will be leaving Sunday morning. I was hoping if we could all grab lunch or dinner Saturday? Will that be okay?"

"Yeah, that's fine, Marie"

"Thank you again, Sienna. I'll see you in couple of days. Have a goodnight, dear," I nodded as she stood up to leave.

I guided her back to the door in a daze.

After she left, I scurried back to my room. My palm holding Kyle's apartment key and a business card with Marie's information and the address of the apartment, I looked down and stared at it. Blankly.

Someone knocked and I looked up as the door slightly opened ajar.

"Can I come in?"

"Luce! Kyle is going to live here for awhile-in London. They sent him here. They think I can help him get better" my voice small, but obviously freaked out.

"Are you okay with that? Will you be able to help him and not get too attached?" her blue eyes studying me as she pulled back a strand of her blonde hair and tucked it behind her ear.

"I don't know. We will just have to wait and see, I guess"

She nodded and sat next to me on the bed, "I sort of heard the conversation-I was in the kitchen-I didn't mean to pry. But love, Kyle needs your help-you just have to be the bigger person and set aside any ill feelings for him. This could be tough-but you're the bravest woman I know-whatever happens, never think that you don't have anyone to speak to. I'm here for you, always."

I gave her a hug and thanked her for all her support. She got up to leave me with my daunting thoughts.

It'll be fine, convincing myself.

I was beyond exhausted as I made my way to the kitchen to make a sandwich for dinner.

I didn't want to think anymore.

I'll think about my problems tomorrow.

I slept like log, no dreams, no interference.

Eighteen

I was contemplating what to wear for my date with Blake when I received a text message.

Kyle Matthews. I'm here. I'll see you tomorrow.

I sighed.

Way to go dampening my mood for my date tonight, Kyle!

My heart's beating a little erratically against my chest. I've never been in this position where I have to deal with an ex and start seeing someone new. This is all so new to me and it's driving me insane. Should I tell Blake? I really should. Sooner or later Lucy might mention it to both of the guys and I'll be grilled for information. I knew back in the day they were all so curious about him and knowing how Lucy is, she'll probably invite him over for dinner to bond with the guys. I cringed at the thought. God, please, no. That would be epic disaster. Blake and Kyle in the same room would be chaos.

Browsing through my closet, I chose an embroidered with black lace short cocktail dress and paired that with my classic red Prada gladiator platform heels. I artfully pinned my hair up minimizing eye shadow, heavy on mascara and heavy on my engine-red rouge lipstick. Spritzing my favorite perfume, my phone buzzed as if on cue. It was Blake letting me know that he's downstairs waiting for me. Grabbing my purse, I left for downstairs to meet him.

Coming out of the elevator, I could see Blake leaning lazily against his Aston Martin in a sharp black suit against white dress shirt. He looks dashing, sexy and still blindingly sinful. I felt lightheaded all of a sudden. I came out of the building as I heard him whistle loudly, clearly praising my look.

Boy, how I've missed him. I forgot how he makes my heart peter-patter like crazy. I was breathless. I went over to him as he pulled my hand and twirled me around in full appraisal. I smiled like an idiot.

"Like it?"

"Like it? I love it, poppet! You look ravishing! That dress certainly had you in mind," he said against my lips and kissed me tenderly. I melted. A whiff of his scent sent my body into a lustful frenzy.

"I've missed you, my sweet"

"Missed you too, Blake," gazing at him, my emotions all over the place. I feel so much for him. Things I can't explain. I swallowed hard.

"Come, I don't want us to be late for our reservation"

He took me to OXO Tower Restaurant and Brasserie on South Bank that overlooked the River of Thames. It was al fresco since its still summer and I lavished the warm atmosphere around me. I've never been here before and the view was beautiful, even more so with the view sitting directly across me.

I grinned at him.

He smiled, "what would you want to drink? Champagne?"

"I think I'll have watermelon martini tonight"

"I'll order us a bottle of red as well," he said as he browsed through the menu.

Our waiter came and got our orders. I let Blake decide what to order for my entree and he happily obliged. Drinks in hand, I sipped an ample amount of my martini. I closed my eyes and savored the taste, it was glorious.

"You always close your eyes when you revel and relish something you like-food, alcohol, sex perhaps?" he murmured in a low husky voice of his.

I quickly opened my eyes, he was leaning against the chair, hand on the stem of his wine glass, his eyes burning.

Shit! He looks fascinating. Will I ever manage to get used to his dark beauty? I wish.

Clearing my throat, "Yes, savoring them makes you appreciate all the good things in life," smiling coyly at his dark smoldering self.

"Yes, I definitely agree. How was your week? How was school? Any news?"

I swallowed slowly. Any news? That seemed a little loaded, "School's good. I like my classes this semester. News? Let see-I'll be modeling for Chad. He's going to have a show in a couple of months."

"Model? How?" he looked perplexed.

Okay... I know I'm not model material like the ones he's used to, but at least have the decency to look pleased.

"His theme is Sensual Grunge. He's hell-bent into letting me be his model. Go ask him."

My voice small and a little hurt. His reaction hurt.

"Sensual Grunge?" he reiterated.

"Yeah, whatever" shrugging his annoying attitude.

He became quiet and after a few minutes passed, he's mouth was still shut. Damn him! He always does this. It's so uncomfortable. I looked around, glancing around the people milling around with friends laughing and drinking in one corner. Some chatted happily whilst eating their dinner. Everyone seemed to be having a great time except for this table. Biting my lip, I contemplated my news about Kyle. Since he's already in a gloomy state, I might as well drop the bomb.

"Since we're on the subject on news-I just learned yesterday that Kyle's temporarily moving here for work," I took a long mouthful sip of my martini.

"Kyle? Matthews? He's here?" his reaction disbelieving.

"Yes, Kyle is here. He just flew in today."

"Bollocks! I can't believe this! This night keeps getting better and better!" he said as he raked his hand through his hair. I didn't get the chance to respond because our food was laid out on the table. Blake seemed eager to ignore me. His brows furrowed as he worked on his meal. What was he thinking? He looked like he was working something out, but wouldn't voice anything to me. It's so frustrating!

I had a hard time trying not to choke on my meal. His foreboding attitude didn't put me at ease and when the waiter came to clear out our dishes and offered if we wanted dessert, he immediately declined, stating clearly that we were in a hurry.

My stomach dropped.

He hurriedly paid the bill and led us both to elevator, barely touching my back as he ushered me. When we got out of the building, instead of walking towards the car, he suggested that we walk for awhile. He seemed so distant and I can't seem to reach him.

When we stumbled upon a garden, I sat the concrete bench, waiting for him to say something, anything.

The silent treatment's killing me.

"Blake?"

His back faced me, looking over the clearing that led to the river. The garden was dimly lit, but it wasn't dark enough to hide Blake's stony face. He turned around and faced me, hands in his pockets, face passive.

"Are you going back to him?" his voice steady and loud.

"What? No! I never said I was! I mentioned it because you had to know-that even though I'm not going back to him-I can't freely date you at the moment-He'll go ballistic if he found out. I guess all I'm asking is if you could understand where I'm coming from. Kyle's been through a lot lately and he needs my help. His parents seem to think I'm the only one that could pull him out of this rut and I think I can help him, heal I mean."

"Heal him, Sienna? That's a load of rubbish!" He cursed loudly as he kicked a stone next to his foot. He turned his back and sat on his heel, both hands gripping his hair. I pressed my lips together, knowing I'm asking a lot of him. But I had to help Kyle, he didn't have anyone else.

I stared at the man before me, he looked conflicted, and I honestly don't blame him. I would be too, if the situation was reversed.

I picked at my nails, antsy and nervous when he got up and turned around to face me again.

"Sienna-as much as I badly want you-I can't watch and fall back on the sidelines as you spend time with him. I can't fathom the fact that you'll be spending time with him-after what he put you through! But it's your decision and I fully accept that. He's obviously still significant to you and I understand that too. You still love him and that's something I can't compete with. I have to give you up-make things easier for you-

We'll still be friends, never doubt that. I'll always be here for you. But what transpired between us the past week is something we should bury and move past on"

My eyes were rimming with tears as I watched him speak. He looked fine, but his voice was something else entirely. He sounded hollow and empty. But I knew deep down, even if I begged him to change his mind, he wouldn't. He's already made up his mind about Kyle and me.

The big question is how am I going to move on with life after Blake? Yes, he's still planning to be my friend and we could mend things as they were before-but how will I forget how his kisses made me feel? How will I bury those memories I have with him? I felt tormented with emotions I had a hard time speaking.

"Are you sure you want to give up- whatever it was-between us, Blake?" my voice a small whisper, as I looked at his face, longingly.

"It's not easy for me to say this, Sienna. You know that-"

I nodded not wanting to argue his moot point. I got up and walked towards his parked car.

The ride back home was silent.

He didn't even bother to turn on music. What a great night this turned out, I thought bleakly. How I wish things were different, but Blake's obviously willing to just walk away-without much ado-so I should do the same and not dwell on it. It apparently didn't mean that much to him, so let bygones be bygones.

He parked outside my building, but didn't even bother to look at me. I stared at him for awhile, waiting for him to say goodnight, but he didn't budge. I hesitantly leaned over him and gave him a peck on the cheek and hurriedly left the car. The tension was stifling and I needed to get out of there before breaking down.

The apartment was dark and silent. Lucy usually stays with Toby during weekends and I welcomed the eerie silence.

I'm not going to cry, I willed myself. It was stupid and we barely started anything for it to be significant.

Not bothering to turn on the lights, the moonlight barely slithered through the windows, as I made my way to the kitchen and helped myself with a huge glass of wine.

I went to my bedroom. Slowly took my shoes off, my dress, and the pins on my hair, letting it cascade on my naked back. Wearing only my thong, I went to turn on my music and played 'Ain't No Sunshine' by Eva Cassidy and placed it on repeat. I lay in my bed, curled up, alone with my heavy heart and my disgruntled thoughts.

I never did cry.

That night, I dreamt of silks and candles.

And a pool full of rose petals.

Nineteen

Morning couldn't come soon enough as I stretched lazily on the bed. I reached for my phone and checked for the time, it was ten in the morning. I'm meeting Kyle and Marie later tonight.

How exhausting is this? This is practically draining my soul until I'm insipid and lifeless.

I wish I can dance with Chad today, but Saturdays are usually busy for him at the studio and I can't cut it close to dinner time.

I needed enough time to get ready. So, I settled for some stretching and a twenty-minute Pilate's session in my living room area.

Blake never texted or called last night, it was just as well. He's serious about his decision and I have to just let it go. All I have to do now is gather up the courage and my armory when the time comes when Blake decides to bring a date when he's hanging out with us. I flinched inwardly at the thought of those strong hands on another woman. It never bothered me before, but since things did happen between us, it's going to be difficult to revert to the old ways. I knew how those hands felt, how great they can make me feel. But it was over and I just have to move past it.

I did some laundry, dusted and cleaned the apartment. Before I knew it, it was five in the afternoon already. I received a text from Kyle earlier stating where and what time we'll meet. I still have an hour and a half to get ready until I meet them.

I decided to run a bath and soak for fifteen minutes or so before I start getting ready. Browsing through my closet, I decided on another black dress, strapless, short fitted with an a-line skirt with black stiletto heels. My hair long hair down and sat few inches above my butt. My pearl studs finished my look perfectly. Aiming for the classy look can't be accomplished properly without pearls, or so they say.

Hailing a black cab on a Saturday night can be very difficult, but I was lucky enough that I didn't have to wait that long on the pavement. The traffic was terrible, but lucky arrived few minutes past seven on Park Lane in The Dorchester Hotel. Marie loves French cuisine and I'm meeting them in one of the five-star restaurants inside.

Entering the hotel's foyer, it was hard not to miss Kyle, standing idly on the corner. His face lit up when he saw me past the glass doors. He was wearing black head to toe. Black dress shirt, jeans, and dress shoes.

He immediately sauntered towards where I stood. "Sienna"

"Hello, Kyle!" greeted him as he gave me a light hug, pulled back and inspected me, quite thoroughly to my liking.

He looked like he lost a lot of weight since I last saw him. He had dark rings under his eyes and looked a little pale under his tan. He still looked handsome, but his usual luster missing from him. I felt a jab of guilt looking at him. Deep down, I know it isn't my fault that he's having such a rough time, he did it to himself and he should know better. But the fact that somehow I'm a major factor made it quite difficult for me to not feel remorse.

"Mom's already seated inside. Just wanted to wait out and meet you out here. You know, just making sure you were coming"

"I said I was. I wasn't planning on canceling on the last dot"

He nodded and led the way to where his mother was located.

His mother looked beautiful in her usual Oscar de la Renta suit in light pink, as she greeted me warmly and sat next to Kyle. I sat across them and Marie took the uneasiness of the situation away. She never once discussed about Kyle's problems, but directed the conversation towards her charity work and other subjects that deemed safe throughout the entire meal.

Sipping the excellent red wine, I was a little guarded with Marie's inquisition, in her gentle manner, of course.

"So, dear, tell me about your life here? Is it what you dreamed it to be?"

Smiling, "I really love it here. I've made my own friends and I'm very comfortable now. School's great, actually! I'm loving where my professor is going with our Art History class. So, I guess, I'm happy, if that's what you wanted to know." I took another lungful sip of my wine and took a chance to glance at Kyle, but he seemed a little aloof and engrossed in his phone messages.

"Anyone special, dear?" she lightly inquired. Even in her gentle voice, I knew she was dying to know this. Kyle even managed to pause his tapping on his phone, though he never looked up, I could tell he was waiting for my answer as well.

Great, this is just what I need. Since, I'm not seeing Blake that way anymore-I guess there's nothing to tell them. Shaking my head, "no, none at the moment"

"That's excellent!" she said with a huge smile. Excellent? Yeah, right.

Marie suddenly stood up and announced that she was off to bed. Her flight was early tomorrow morning and needed all the rest that she can summon. She thanked me and kissed me goodnight and did the same with Kyle.

Now, it's just us, great.

I fished for my phone and saw that Luce texted me. Going out dancing tonight! Want to join us in Mahiki? Toby wants to take his friend from work. Say you'll come!

Oh, definitely! Yep! Meet you there in an hour or so!

I immediately invited Chad to meet us as well if he didn't have plans already. But knowing him, he'll probably drag his date to come party with us.

"What's making you smile like that?" I looked up and clashed with his golden hazel eyes. Didn't realize he was done texting his friends and paid all his attention to me.

Brooke, perhaps?

"My flatmate Luce just texted me if I wanted to go clubbing with them" putting my phone down next to my glass, I took another copious sip. "Going to join your friends?"

"Quite possibly, yes"

"Can I invite myself as well? If you go?" he picked up my phone and toyed with it. He's acting like the old Kyle I knew. I was relieved that he's still there, somewhere.

"Shouldn't you be resting? You just barely got here. And besides, after the crap that you pulled off with your binge drinking and drugs, going out to party should be in the least of your worries, no?" quirking up a brow. I'm furious that he placed himself in harm's way. He could've easily overdosed and died. What the heck was he thinking?

"I'm off that, Sienna. It was a deal I had with my parents. I know it's stupid but I needed to numb the pain I was feeling-I didn't want to deal with it. I took the coward's way out. But now I'm here and I can see you again-not somewhere so far away from me-I'm not going to rebel and act out"

Holding out my phone back to me, "you have a message"

It was from Chad saying he'll be on his way soon and can't wait to see the gang. Chad started hanging out with us the moment Luce and I became friends as well. I was glad that everybody got on, even Toby and Blake like him. The guys didn't seem to mind that Chad's g*y and I adored them for it.

"You're not really seeing anyone baby?" why does he keep studying me? Can't he look away just for a second? It's making me nervous.

"I'm not your baby to call, not anymore" I shot him a hateful glare.

"We'll see, baby"

Huh! Confident are we? If he thinks I'm just going to fall back and be with him again, after he cheated, because he's here in London-he can think again!

The big question is, should I invite him to go to Mahiki and meet my friends? He's eager to go, but what if Blake will be there? Nah-he's busy with that Marbella project, remember? Hopefully, Lucy and Chad wouldn't be bothered, surely? They might not like him but I know they wouldn't be hostile either.

Draining the rest of my wine, I glanced at him. His eyes were staring at my boobs. I rolled my eyes. I know the tight dress emphasized my small waist, but it pushed my br**sts-and it looked insane. I suppose that's why I chose it. Just so I can dig it and rub it in Kyle's face what he threw away. Kyle's a boob man and he loved these suckers. Too bad he wouldn't be doing much with them other that stare at them longingly, so I just ignored his blatant mishap.

"Still want to come and meet my friends?"

"Definitely do"

"Kay, I'm going to just refresh my make-up. Lobby in five minutes?"

He nodded as I walked away from our table.

Twenty

I was thankful when the cab finally stopped outside the club. The silence in the cab was deafening. Awkward much? Why was he acting so weird, anyhow?

As instructed by Luce, all I have to do was mention 'Toby Watson' to get in right away. I'm sure Toby made reservations before coming here. Count him to be always prepared and when it comes to his ladylove, he doesn't think twice to give her anything.

Have you seen those couples that are toothache-inducing sickly sweet to each other? Yep, that's them! But they look like they're made for each other, so people tend to forgive them for that.

Brushing past the bouncers, I scoured the booths to look for them. I was a quite nervous because I didn't mention bringing Kyle. Just hope that they all get along, so it wouldn't be so difficult. Kyle doesn't have that much friends here, so he's most likely going to my imp following me about. God, I hope not. He'll find friends soon enough, I convinced myself.

The music was thumping and blaring loudly. The place was starting to get packed and more alcohol-induced bodies swayed to the beat on the dance floor. Polynesian theme boasted the entire club. It was done tastefully with a touch of contemporary design. This place was known for their exotic cocktails and mixers that came with a fire exhibition. It was quite riveting and the crowd goes rampant with awed fascination.

Kyle's hand pulled my waist as he whispered closely in my ear, "I think I found your friends. They're all staring, just to give you a heads up"

I quickly turned to my right, away from the fire exhibition, and found their table was actually on the far right, away from the commotion. Kyle was right, they were all staring. I didn't get to check out everyone on the table because I looked down-a little embarrassed as I made my way towards them.

"Sienna Richards, glad of you to grace us with your sexy self," Chad drawled in his flamboyant New Yorker accent, "and you must be?" angling his question to Kyle. I totally forgot to mention about his move here to Chad. He's going to devour the drama. He lives for these things.

"Kyle, Sienna's friend from LA," he introduced himself to both Chad and Luce and flashed them both his seductive smile. Even tired, he can still manage to look handsome. Kyle's handsome in a lean muscled, surfer, rugged kind of way. His dark hair and his hazel golden eyes amplified his good looks.

"The Kyle?"

"Yes Chad! Now drop it, please" glaring at him, eyes begging for him to stop, but he seemed to not get the damning message.

"My, my! Don't you two look like the perfect couple! Don't you think Luce? Toby? Sam? Blake?" The moment he said Blake, my eyes shot behind Chad and looked over the booth. Sure enough, the prince of brooding was sitting conveniently behind Chad-he was blocked off my view earlier.

Oh, f**k.

He looked composed and impassive like it didn't bother him. The moment our eyes met, he simply nodded to acknowledge me and returned to chat with another man I've never met before.

Ouch. I didn't even see that one coming. He's moved on. His reaction-or what little of it-showed me how over he was. The dull ache in my chest wouldn't subside, so I ignored it and pretended I was perfectly happy. Luce introduced him to the rest of the guys and stranger named Sam. They all seemed nonchalant, Toby and Blake, even less thrilled. I get the reaction from Blake, but Toby?

Kyle's phone flashed and he texted quickly as he pulled me on my waist a little too possessively-directly in front of Blake's line of sight-and told me that he needed to make a phone call outside and he quickly kissed my cheek before retreating back to the crowd and out the exit door.

My eyes landed on Blake's. The murdering look he's giving me, I didn't have to guess if he saw the exchange or not. His nostrils flared, his jaw muscles tightened, and his beautiful eyes screaming bloody murder. Can't stand the burning heat of his stare, I turned around quickly.

Luce handed me a blue colored drink and Chad pulled my hand and cornered me on the mirrored wall. "You better start explaining yourself baby love, before I start hyperventilating. Aren't you dating sexy Blake?" he rattled, his ebony eyes, curious.

"Blake decided it was best to end it last night. I wasn't expecting him here-He's supposed to be busy with a project. And Kyle's parents agreed that I'm the medicine to his sobriety hence the attendance of the one and only"

"Goodness! This is awesome drama! I loves it!-it must be wretched to be right now, huh? How are you holding up?" As quickly as his eyes lit up to the prospect of fireworks, it immediately vanished when he realized how rotten it must be for me.

"Fuck, yeah! But please-not tonight. I want to have fun! Is that okay with you mister?" giving him a quick hug and quick kiss on his glossed puckers.

I sat next to Toby, and he immediately gave me a tight hug. "Ex-boyfriend coming after you it seems?" I shrugged not wanting to reply. "If you need anything-don't hesitate to call me. It's not that I don't trust him, but I want you safe is all" kissing my forehead and got up to join Lucy on the dance floor. They looked so happy together, it made me feel worse.

Taking a sip from my blue sweetened vodka concoction, I noticed Blake toying with his glass of whiskey. Possibly contemplating if he should talk to me or not.

"Not busy with Marbella project tonight?" Leaning a little closer to him.

"Back with him that quickly?" his sarcasm was palpable. Didn't I explain the situation last night?

"No, I am not"

I looked around and scouted for someone to rescue me, but it seemed everyone dispersed and went to the dance floor. Picking up on my nervous state he leaned close-so close that-I could smell him. My stomach nose-dived as I closed my eyes and breathed him in.

"You look bewitching, my Sienna. I seem to recall how well your body responded to me-and I'm getting hard thinking about those lips of yours," his gaze went south, gritting his teeth, "Your boobs are indecent. Did you do that purposely to torment and torture me?"

My, God! I love it when he talks dirty. His cool and composed facade slips off and another man surfaces.

"If you are tortured and tormented, you have yourself to thank," whispering as I looked him straight in the eye.

"Seeing how cozy you two are-made me think twice about my decision. Do you know how it makes me feel seeing you together?" even with the loud thump of music his voice was clear and grating on my delicate ear.

"I didn't know you'd be here-if I had known-I wouldn't have came"

He abruptly pulled away from my ear and looked over to my side as Kyle came to my view. He didn't seem to notice the tension between us.

Releasing a sigh, "How did your call go?"

"It's good," giving me a sideways glance and gave me his usual flirty smile. Standing up and held out his hand, "dance with me baby"

"I don't think that's good idea. How about we just stay here, hmmm?"

"Come on, baby! We used to have fun dancing! Please? Just this once?" still holding out his hand and smiling like an idiot as I took it. "Fine"

"I'll be right back," addressing Blake but he just stared at me, infuriated, "by all means, dance your socks off"

Joining the crowded floor with people bumping and grinding, Kyle took the opportunity to pull me close to his chest, eyes locked and yelled, "I love you."

My mouth opened and closed again. Relieving myself in this odd position without having to talk to him, I rotated myself and placed his hands on my waist and danced. He seemed to love having his hands on me. His grip was getting tighter as he closely grinded himself a little too close for comfort on my ass.

How does one balance an ex and a 'possible' new man in your life? It's Kyle's first day here and I'm having a hard time already. I hate what he did and at the same time I want to help him, but it's evident that he wants more than that. And with Blake, where do I even begin? He's so baffling.

Holding our rhythm, I was starting to have fun dancing with him. We both relaxed and started to enjoy each other. When the music ended, I expected for us to dance more, but Kyle led me to the entrance door.

Outside on the pavement, he asked for us to take a short walk.

I obliged.

Twenty-One

"I'll give you a few minutes and then I'll go back inside. I don't want my friends to worry," I said to him as he simply nodded in agreement.

When he stopped walking, he leaned on the building and closed his eyes. With his eyes shut, he spoke softly, "When my parents pitched the idea of me coming here, I was happy and scared-I was scared because you might not love me the way I love you-well, not anymore. I was cruel and I can't forgive myself for what I've done to you. If we turn out to be friends like how it was before we started dating, I'll take that in a heartbeat. I'm really thankful that you're even giving me time, but it was hardly a surprise."

Opening his hazel eyes, miserable and anguished, "you have such a good heart, Sienna. You're smart, beautiful and brave. When Christy started beating you, I made a promise to myself that I wouldn't dare hurt you. But I did-I broke that promise. You trusted me-you loved me, how could I betray someone I loved so much? I was consumed with anger and hurt that I forgot to think that I'll be hurting you. I'm sorry-" he started to massage his temples, sadness racked my body.

I walked over and hugged him tight. The mention of Christy Brown's name sent shivers all over my body, that woman was horrid. "I know you are-that's why I can't stay mad at you for so long. What you did was painful-I'm hurt-I just wish that you could've told me about what you were going through instead you looked for another replacement to forget about me."

"And how successful that turned out-the moment I saw you again-I was a goner. I was invaded by the thoughts of you. It's always been you Sienna, no matter how much I try-my heart belongs to you," he said a little breathless.

I looked down studying my toes. Why is it painful when he tells me he loves me? I love Kyle, I do and I guess I'll always love him-but a big part of me wants Blake-no point in denying myself anymore. I was always attracted to him and I can't pass this chance or I might regret it for the rest of my life. Fuck, baby steps. I want him and that's that.

What I feel for him is complex, but as fascinating as he is-I'm not going to let anyone trample my heart. That's one thing I wouldn't compromise.

"Kyle, I'm sorry. I really am-but right now, I'm not in a place where I want to be a relationship. Everything is too deep and too much between you and me. I need to step back and think about what I do want. All my life, I was attached to your hip. I lived and breathed you and I loved you with all of my heart-but you must understand-that things changed. It's different now-," looking up to him with unshed tears. His thumbs started to wipe the sides of my eyes. "Don't cry, baby. I feel like a total bastard right now. Please, don't cry," he hugged me tightly.

My head was on his torso as he tried to calm me down. He gently stroked my hair and kissed my cheek.

Getting myself off his body, I folded my arms as I waited for him, "Let's go inside. We've been out for awhile now"

He pulled me close to him and draped his arm around me as he headed to the club's entrance, where he immediately stopped. "Go be with friends, I'm going back to the apartment. I'm pooped but I wanted to spend more time with you, but now I'm ready to crash."

"Alright, it was good to see you again. Be safe"

Kissing my lips gently, much to my surprise, "I'll be in touch baby, I love you" and left to where the cabs are waiting on the curb.

I waited until he got in the cab before I let myself past the bouncers who were listening intently to our exchange. I smiled understanding how boring it must be to stand there all night. "Can't say I blame him love, I would want to spend all of my time with you," one of the tall bulky men said as I walked past. Men, I thought amusingly.

My mood took a sour turn when I saw a tall blonde sitting on Blake's lap. Here's reality check for you. Moments ago, I was thinking of being with him and now his hands are on that woman's waist as he fed her olives.

Barf.

My blood was boiling and I wanted to throw something at them.

"Turn around," Chad whispered behind my back.

"The old Blake lashed out when he saw how you danced with your old lover. She's an old friend of his-who just happened to be here with her own party-but as you can see, their quite engrossed with each other. Don't mind him, I'm sure his gutted inside. This is his way of coping," squeezing my shoulder. I didn't even respond to that because I didn't expect it, but why shouldn't I have? It's f**king Blake we're talking about! Here's a side of him that I didn't get to see.

I was beyond angry, but hell will freeze over before I let him see how hurt I am. "He just glanced here-don't look back!"

Ugh. I can't do this.

This is beyond pathetic.

"Take me to the dance floor lover," offering my hand to him.

"Thought you'd never ask"

Chad's a blast on the floor and before I knew it Luce, Toby and Sam joined the commotion. Chad grabbed another man's attention, so he was dancing somewhere amidst the throng of people. Luce and Toby were dancing and laughing at each other. So, that left me with Sam, who was giving me a kind smile. As we danced next to each other, he leaned and asked, "where's the boyfriend?"

I laughed, "No, no he wasn't my boyfriend, an ex more like it"

Smiling, "So, what do you do Sienna? Apart from breaking hearts, that is?"

Ha! If he only knew....

"Well, I'm still in uni-but for the most part-my time is dedicated to breaking hearts here and there-lighting up drama whenever I can," laughing and fluffing him up with his own joke. He's easy to converse. He's not handsome, but his kind eyes and demeanor made him likable.

"Come on, love-let's get something to drink! I'm parched!" announced Lucy as she actively fanned herself with her hand.

"Let's"

The scene at the booth didn't pretty much change. Woman still on his the lap, but she's opening caressing his neck and his chest from his unbuttoned midnight blue dress shirt that matched his eyes.

They can go f**k themselves. I could careless.

Ignoring them, Sam poured us both champagne and gladly took a huge gulp.

Arching her brow with curiosity, "What were you two discussing about earlier? I've never heard Sienna laugh like that," Lucy leaned on the table as she eyed us with amusement.

"We were discussing her full-time job as a heartbreaker!"

"Yup! He was telling me how his heart was broken when I turned him down. He wanted a quick shag in the bathroom, apparently," I even tsk tsk loving this whole light-hearted banter. "Such a naughty boy you are, Sam!"

Everyone laughed, even Luce almost choked on her champagne. Chad appeared out of nowhere, dripping with sweat and a huge smile like he just won the lottery. "OMG! Did you see how hot that guy was? I almost died and gone to heaven," he sat next to me and grabbed my champagne glass and emptied the contents.

"Excited much?" peering at him, he had a sheen of perspiration on his forehead. His face lit up like Christmas.

"I am. Oh by the way, I meant to tell you, we're shooting on Thursday. So, you better make sure you bring your sexy f**king kitten look. You and Troy are going to be Hot! Hot! Hot!" his excitement bouncing off him.

"Wait, what? You model for him?" Sam looking interested and intrigued, "yeah, he's a photographer-he's awesome!-but he sort of needs me to do a few stills for his coming show which is in- what? Seven weeks?" glancing back at Chad who was busying himself with another glass of champagne.

"Definitely-and Sam you're invited" winking at him.

"Wouldn't miss it-I want to see the 'sexy f**king kitten' look out of curiosity"

I cringed. I've never modeled before, let alone have it shone in front of everyone and have it dissected. It's mystifying-but I already promised Chad. I can't let him down.

"Oh! Don't mind him. I'm sure it's going to be nice and appropriate!"

"Honey- It's going to be far from nice and appropriate! I could see it now!" closing his eyes as he pictured in his mind, "You're going to be sexual and will have that "fuck me" look. And Troy will be doing the same, touching you sensually. It's going to be a feast in the eyes. Carnal and raw."

Christ. I need a drink. "That Troy better bring it or I'm packing my bags"

"Trust me-he's hot! Though not as hot as you are, Blake!"

Blake smiled at that comment and studied me for awhile-while the woman caressed him as she whispered sweet nothings to his ear.

I smirked at his comment. Yeah, keep massaging his ego, it's already massive.

My eyes flickered to the person on him. That stupid woman was seriously lapping it up. She's kissing his neck and toying with his hair.

I looked away in disgust and anger.

This is stupid I don't have the right to be angry.

I honestly don't.

Twenty-two

Luce and Toby wanted to go home, so we all decided it was best to leave together. It was two in the morning and I'm ready to go home and rest.

"Want to split cabs? I'll have you dropped off first?" Chad asked.

"She's coming with me. There's something we have to discuss," I looked at Blake agape. What was he talking about? No, we didn't.

"Oh, boo you!" Chad pouted, "you lovers enjoy the night then," smiling, showing off his perfect white teeth.

I rolled my eyes, seriously, Chad?

Everyone shuffled to leave and had quick goodbyes. I looked around hoping to see his 'friend' but she was nowhere to be found.

"She's not here"

Of course, she isn't. He probably just dropped her like a hot potato the moment he realized we were all leaving.

Typical.

"What do we have to talk about? I thought you were perfectly clear yesterday. There's no need to rehash it," I screeched, angry at his ever-changing attitude.

Is he bipolar? No, he isn't.

He just likes brain-fucking. He's a pro at that.

"My flat is only a couple of blocks away. Walking it off would be a good idea, unless you don't agree otherwise?" peeking at me, hands in his pocket, his tone more serious.

"Walking is fine, I don't want to be confined next to you in a cab," I didn't mean to be snappy, but it's irritating that he can just bulldoze his way around. He didn't even have the decency to ask if I wanted to go with him. He just assumed that I would just go. Well, I was curious and I would've gone anyway, but all he had to do was ask.

We didn't speak to each other. I would've bit his head off with more snarky comments if he tried. He stopped outside his building and held the door for me. The man behind the desk looked up, "how do you do, Mr. Knightly?"

"Hello, Scott. This is Ms. Sienna Richards, one of my best friends."

I greeted Scott as we headed for the elevator. We've both been silent and haven't spoken since we left the club. Well, he's not really my favorite person at the moment. I'm still angry and a little disconcerted by his coveting display with the beeotch earlier. Are you sure you aren't just jealous?

What if I was, so what? It didn't change anything.

I'm a bit miffed that he started this whole thing between us-and immediately decided not to pursue any longer- and our friendship is hanging on a balance. And I can't stop thinking about his kisses. He's incorrigible.

Riding the confines of the elevator in utter silence, I can't help flinch from the pain on the soles of my feet. Even if it was only a couple of blocks of walking, with three inch heels it's murderous. I'd give anything to soak in a hot bath. I sighed loudly. He didn't even both turning around or asked if I was alright.

Douche.

Entering his apartment, he flipped a switch and the lights flickered surrounding the place with a soft glow. It looked too intimate for my liking. Maybe I should bail and just go home.

My hands are fidgety. My palms are sweaty. He better start talking before I collapse from a nervous breakdown.

I stood in the middle of the living room. Memories of the weekend I spent here with him flashed through my mind. Nostalgia can really dampen one's emotions, I thought with wry amusement.

Blake went straight to the bar, poured brandy and gulped the entire contents in one go. Why was he stalling?

I stared at him, hands on my hips, glaring. "Talk"

"Why are acting this way, Sienna?" his passive tone rubbed me off irritatingly.

"How should I be acting Blake? With your little display of shenanigan tonight, why are you even surprised? You're such an insensitive prick!"

Moving towards where I stood, his scowl deepened, "are you f**king serious? I'm the insensitive one? Were you not the one who brought your ex and danced with him while-while I sat there and watched his hands-all over you-groping and fondling your body. Right. In. Front. Of. Me. "

I felt hot all over. His close proximity bothered and I was having trouble being coherent. "It took all ounce of my power not to smash his face in. I did that. FOR.YOU," his face contorted with fury.

He even looks hot and sexy angry. Damn it, Sienna. Get your head out of the gutter!

"I didn't realize you were watching the whole time," I whispered slowly.

"Well, that's where you're wrong. I watched you like a hawk all night," his face only inches away.

My heart's about to jump out of my body, I swear.

Snaking my tongue to wet my lips, I gazed up with a questioning look, "why? You ended things-"

Raking his hand on his hair, "I did and I meant it last night-that's why tonight was difficult. I was jealous and it obliterated me-seeing you with him-it seriously caught me off guard. I was raving mad, gutted and I wanted to return the favor of making you jealous-" cupping my cheek with his thumb, "I'm sorry for being such an arse. I want you-God, help me," his voice wavering, "I want you like no other. Give me another chance?" his eyes sad and full of remorse.

Damn that cute accent of his. It melts me like a stupid moron.

"I'll be busy in Marbella for the next couple of months looking over the project. Will this be, I hope enough time for you to consider me-us again?"

I was speechless. Think, mind. Think.

Biting my lip, "Blake-yeah, I think that's enough time for us to weigh in if we really do want this."

Beaming happily at me, I think I've lost all the fight I have in me. All the reasoning my mind can come up with. I want to live and feel alive.

"Thank you, you won't regret this. I promise," kissing my forehead...my cheek...

The moment he kissed me-I was done for. There was no way of going back. He's in my blood and I'm fevered.

I want Blake.

He drives me with this tug of constant need. Everything about him-it just drives me in a frenzied state.

"Blake-just f**king kiss me already-"

The instant our lips touched, I was lost. Deeping the kiss, I let out a loud moan. He playfully bit my bottom lip, I nipped him back. Devouring my lips again, I ran my hand on his luxurious hair and I trailed the other to squeeze his erection. I want him. All of him.

He growled, tore himself off my swollen lips, picked and threw me over his shoulder. I screamed and laughed loudly, "put me down you brute!"

He discharged me and my body landed roughly on the bed. My eyes expanded as he crawled predatorily on me. His eyes-savage. Kissing my legs, my thighs, my heaving chest, my neck and locked his lips again. His kiss was punishing and I exalted from it. I want him just as much.

This consuming, driving need to just be with him-is distracting.

"You're going to be punished for what you did tonight my love," his voice hoarse, loaded with promise-his passion. I think I just came in my thong.

My body tingled. "I'd love for you to do it rough-" he moaned my name as he bit my neck, hard. I gasped from the pain and ecstasy it brought, my pu**y quivered with anticipation. Panting as his hand trailed smoothly on my leg, teasing the inside of my thighs. "Ask and you shall receive"

Hands on my waist, he swiftly yanked me to the edge of the bed, demanding. "Turn around. Let me take off your dress. Leave your shoes on." He sat on the edge of the bed, scrutinizing my every move.

Anything, just don't stop. My mind is clearly fogged, my lecherous body enslaved.

Shrugging off the dress and let it drop on the floor. Stepping aside, I stood before him with underwear and shoes on. His eyes hooded as it gradually took my naked body, caressing it with those beautiful eyes of his, "Come here," his voice gruff, fervid.

I sauntered to the man and halted in between his legs. He fixated his attention immediately on my br**sts, cupping my heavy tits as he savored them. He bit, squeezed and pinched.

My head fell back from, moaning. Illicit pleasure coursed through my body.

Leaving soft kisses as he trailed towards to my navel and south as I arched my back reveling on the high he's giving me, wanting more. Pulling my flimsy underwear off and cast it aside. He widely parted my legs, "your cunt is dripping beautifully my love. You want me that bad?" Licking the moisture with a swipe of his tongue, my body shook as I held on to his shoulder. "Tell me-how badly do you want it?" Blake's directive tone made me stare at him agape. He staring at me, waiting.

I groaned with frustration, "I want you-I've always wanted you-" my confession rewarded me with his sinful smile.

I looked at him through my half-lidded eyes as he nipped on the corner of my inner thigh. Touch me, my mind screamed.

"Show me, Blake-want me-punish me-I don't care I-"

I stopped begging as he plunged his tongue inside me. Moaning as he flickered on the nub and inserted a finger inside me. My body was hot and it was humming beautifully from his orchestration. My eyes rolled to the back of my eye when he inserted another finger inside me. Pulling in and out of me, circling and hooking it to spot where it was critical for my orgasm.

My body quaked, I panted his name loudly.

"Not yet," as he pulled his fingers out and traced those wet fingers on my lips and stuck it in my mouth and sucked it hard, stroking his fingers with my tongue like it was his cock. He moaned, "How you drive me crazy, woman."

I pulled his belt and pants down followed with his boxers. I hungered for him- taste him. I want it all.

His erect, swollen enormous c**k sprung free and my hand gripped it boldly, greedily. I stroked him slowly and replaced my hand with tongue, twirling it up and down, wetting him slowly. I gazed at him as I swallowed it entirely in my mouth. Controlling my gag reflex as I took it all the way until it hit the back of my mouth. "Jesus!" he rasped through gritted teeth, fascinated.

Still holding eye contact, I stoked him with my tongue and lips with ardent speed. He grabbed my head, clutching my hair he pushing me down more-I did as he wished. Giving him all I've got-until he couldn't take it anymore.

He pulled me up towards him and laid me gently on bed. "I want you-" he declared as I scratched his nipple with my nails. Growling, he went on his knees as he parted my legs. He massaged my nub and grabbed his c**k at the same time-stroking it, sliding it back and forth from my slick wet folds.

I'm dying from pleasure, begging him to take me while I massaged my boob and slightly pinched my nipple. The head of his c**k was teasing on my entrance. I spread my legs even wider, silently begging him to end my misery.

I moaned his name. "Are you sure about this? I don't want you to regret it. I promised to wait-I want you to be sure," he panted while his c**k teased on my opening. I groaned, this man is killing me.

"Blake-I want you-please-" heaving as he inserted his engorged head-gently inside of me. I stopped breathing. He was filling me slowly, but his size was much bigger than what I'm used to.

Nervous, I clenched my vagina muscles unintentionally. "Jesus baby-Fuck! Don't do that-you're impossibly tight. I might just explode-" his neck veins were showing, strained as he closed his eyes like he's restraining himself, savoring his sweet agony.

"Bloody f**k-you feel-so beautiful," inching himself a little bit deeper. He folded my legs and pinned them down with his hands. Thrusting his hips as his c**k went deeper inside. He was enormous and my insides were stretched to the tip, raw-with no room left. I flinched from the pain it caused. He halted as his c**k pulsed thickly inside me, "are you okay? I can stop of you want," shaking my head urging him on.

He started to move again. I placed a finger on my clit and massaged it, making me wetter, making it easier for him to glide his c**k freely. I moaned as he picked up his thrusting speed-taking everything he could. He pounded and pummeled my pu**y hard "you like being f**ked by me, Sienna?"he questioned as he placed my legs on his shoulder. The arch of my hip made it easier for him to access me with thrusting speed. I moaned his name-urging him on to f**k me harder-as my orgasm shattered through my body. It came in waves and my convulsing body quivered as he pounded a few more times. He yelled my name through gritted teeth as his own orgasm rocked him, spilling his cum inside me, clenching and squeezing my muscles-milking him to the very last drop.

We both panted heavily, loving his weight on me. He pulled himself on his elbows and looked at me with a huge grin, "That was out of this world, my Sienna," kissing me softly, "now I know what's it like with you-I'm never letting you go-ever," kissing me harder this time, full of promise.

Rolling to our sides, he gathered me towards him. "Sorry I came inside you...I couldn't help it. Are you on a pill?" I nodded and smiled at him, "why?"

"So, I can have you anytime tonight-I'm leaving tomorrow afternoon-I wish I can stay here with you all weekend in bed,"

Nuzzling his neck as he hugged me closer, skimming my arm gently, he spoke. "What made you change your mind tonight? I thought you wanted to wait on sex?"

I stiffened from his question but he had the right to know. "I've always wanted you. From the moment I saw you, I was in trouble. I realized what was at stake-when you walked away from me-" I swallowed, "regrets can be damning to one's soul-the 'what if' scenario to haunt me forever if I don't give you a chance-to see where this is going to lead," sitting up, fidgeting on the blanket that was held dearly to my chest, I went on. "I have issues-Blake with trust and being vulnerable. When dad died, everything I knew and loved was taken away from me. My home was sold, my friends, love and security...my dad's sister took me in. They didn't appreciate my interruption in their lives. Her husband and daughter both resented my presence in their home."

My voice shook, but I had to keep going, "I was taunted, threatened, beaten up and tortured by all of them. If I was late waking up for school, they would douse me with a bucket of water during sleep. When I didn't finish my meal-I was beaten with a shotgun cleaner. If I do something that infuriates them-they make me kneel for six to eight hours on a pebbled floor-sometimes more-only in my undergarments. I got my hair pulled, dragged, and slapped in whatever way you can imagine," heaving a heavy sigh, "never once I fought back. I was helpless and I was at their mercy. I was seven it was either live with them or go to social services."

"Didn't any of your teachers know about this? Didn't they notice your bruises?" his voice wavered as he spoke. "Not in the beginning, but this once incident-I had a lot of cuts on my legs from the shotgun metal cleaner they used-I was bruised badly and the cuts were deep so the blood gushed profusely-I only had bandaids to cover them-but it wasn't big enough. The blood oozed of my legs and stained my socks-that's when the teachers noticed. My aunt and uncle were called in school-but they negotiated with them I guess. They had power and money after all-none of the teachers or the principal ever bothered to mention it again."

"When did they stop?"

"Two years ago, when I started dating Kyle, and when he threatened to report them-but I stopped him. It's not that I don't want to see them to pay for what they've done to me-but life has a way of catching up on us-and I don't want to live with so much hate in me. Hate ruins people and I didn't want to lose perspective of what I want my life to be like."

"I've forgiven them-but forgetting it is another matter. I still get nightmares from time to time-but I won't let them win-I just won't-I'm stronger than that."

He sat behind me and hugged me from behind as he whispered softly, "I'm so sorry-I knew you hid something -but never once it occurred to me that you were an abuse victim-people who do that to helpless children are sick twisted human beings. I feel wretched-I want to ease your pain-but I don't know how-," his heart was beating erratically on my back. He's angry. His breathing and his told me so.

"Just be here-I don't want to talk about it anymore-it's in the past, let's leave it here," twisting my head to study his face. Leaning, I kissed him with all the emotions that rolling off me.

There's only a few people who knew about my past-Kyle, Chad, and Lucy. Sharing this part of me with Blake is huge. But I needed him to understand when the time comes and I fall short from his expectations. Trust is important-and I trusted him as my friend-but as boyfriend/lover-we're still working on that. I may not offer my heart-but I can offer him everything else.

"Just promise me one thing," I said against his lips.

"I'll give you anything, poppet"

"No matter what happens-just be honest-promise me that, Blake?"

His thumb on my chin lifting it to meet his silver midnight blue eyes, all sorts of emotions going through them, I was dumbstruck. The gold flecks stood out and the effect was spell-binding, I was irrevocably ensnared with his enigmatic man. "I promise that I will always be honest and never lie to you. From now on-I will protect you as my own-you're mine now, no harm will come to you."

My entire body swelled from his protective and possessive nature-he's a Knightly-it come with the territory, I suppose.

Resting my head on the expanse his chest, I pondered our conversation. "I had a wonderful childhood," he spoke softly, "my parents-they were so in love with each other-they both never failed to tell me or show me how much I was loved. When I saw how other parents treated their children, I felt blessed that mine were wonderful. When they died, I was angry because they left me, but at the same time I was grateful that they were taken together. I don't know how one could survive without the other."

"Grandfather taught me to have a backbone. To be strong and master my emotions-he once said that once your emotions gets the best of you-your rational and logical thoughts erode, a man can be easily conquered-easily defeated and the valuable idea of focus evaporates.

He wasn't easy to live with at first and I rebelled. I was angry at everyone, but what I hadn't realized that he was hurting as well. He lost his son too-and we were both grieving. We reached a compromise and his constant encouragement and reminder of my parents held me in check. And for that, am grateful that he never gave up on me. Grandfather's the only one I have left-I swore to myself that I will never disappointment him from then on."

He paused and stoked my hair, "Sienna-I've never done this before." I looked up, "what? Having someone on your bed?" he smiled and pinched my cheek, "no, you beautiful wrench, a proper relationship-what I had was a mutual agreement with both consenting adults-exclusive sex with no strings attached. But this-this is different. I need you to be patient- this is all new to me. I'll make mistakes-I assure you but don't condemn me without talking to me first. It's all I ask-"

"Thank you for telling me, Blake. You don't know much it makes me happy to hear you say that. I promise-I'll be patient with you."

Leaving loud smacking kisses all over my face as I giggled like a little girl who got her wish from Santa. "I can die happy now-I've waited so long. And now, here you are-" kissing my neck and my earlobe, "driving me mad with hunger. You're this burning need in my blood Sienna and I'm ravenous"

Rolling me on my back, he quickly demolished my lips.

The only thing that's running through my mind is "mine, he's mine" as he annihilated my body with voracious greed, quenching his thirsty body.

His touch was rough and raw-but the thrill of having him again consumed my very being. When he finally rammed his c**k inside with full force, I welcomed it lasciviously.

His lovemaking was demanding, hard and harsh like a man starved-I matched his need.

No words were spoken, our body spoke for us.

Never in my wildest dreams had I imagined this soul-consuming connection with anyone. A connection of souls that obliterated your sanity and yearning with no concession. Like a hypnotic state of nonsensical merry-go-round of emotions with no chance in hell of slowing down. People always spoke about it, but I never understood their uncontrollable obsession, until now.

I'm petrified and scared shitless, but I don't have the capacity to walk away from him.

It's all or nothing.

Twenty-three

"Poppet, wake up," his voice trailing on my neck as it sent goose bumps all over my body.

I sighed contently, I like being woken up to this. I was on my stomach and his kisses trailed lower.

Jesus, the man has more stamina compared to an Arabian horse.

I was caught by surprise when he swiftly lifted my butt and placed a pillow underneath. My ass was protruding in the air-hailing for his undivided attention. His thumb intensely rubbed my clit as he licked the lips and stuck his tongue inside my opening. He groaned loudly when I moaned his named.

If this is his way of marking me his, then mark away lover!

He's insatiable and I love the fact that he couldn't get enough of me.

Lifting his body, on his knees, he squeezed both of his hands on my ass. He took his sweet time, torturing me with the head of his cock, swiping it back and forth on my clit, making sure I was wet enough.

My lips hung ajar as I groaned from his ministrations.

"Blake! Fuck me already!" I was aggravated and beyond aroused! I wasn't to be me messed with!

Thrusting his huge c**k as he penetrated me quite roughly-the sudden impact stunned my body for a mere second. I was a bit sore from his rough handling last night, but my greed for him seized me entirely. I moaned as he took himself deeper.

My pu**y was salivating from the building pressure. He pulled my hips and commanded to lift myself-all on fours-as he pounded my pu**y harder. The impact of his balls slapping and hitting my pu**y lips just heightened my burning need.

He slapped my ass. Hard.

I howled from the impact of his palm as I felt a well of liquid seeping out of me. My mind went blank from the excruciating hunger that rumbled inside.

"You feel incredible," he said in between heavy panting.

Grabbing both of my ass cheek with his hands, gripping them firmly as he f**ked me harder-my body tightened from his animalistic lovemaking. I yelled gripping the sheets as my body released from its misery-my orgasm overwhelmed and paralyzed me as his tempo picked up faster than before.

"This pu**y belongs to me," he growled loudly through gritted teeth.

"Tell me it's mine, tell me!" his voice roared possessively.

"This pu**y's yours, Blake. It's yours-I'm giving it to you. Take it. It's yours," I breathily panted as his orgasm came to a close. With one last thrust, he stiffened and spilled his se**n inside me.

He panted heavily, his cheek on the back of my shoulder as he said, "it's mine, all mine-don't you dare ever forget that!"

Loud. And. Clear.

***

After Blake's lovemaking, my lids started to get heavy. I submitted to my body's demand for recuperation as sleep took over.

A loud thud woke me from my slumber. How long did I nap for? I sleepily wondered.

I sat up and yawned loudly as Blake entered dressed in a black suit, stark white dress shirt and a black silver-patterned tie. My eyes greedily roamed all over him. He looked sharp and utterly delectable-my mouth watered at the sight of him.

And he's leaving for a month and a half. How the hell am I going to survive now? I'll miss him mad.

The bed dipped as he sat on the bed, smiling affectionately as he traced my swollen lip with his thumb. "You look flushed and satisfied, my sweet-your hair's all sexily mussed up-and you look absolutely beautiful."

Gazing contently at him, I smiled like an idiot, "maybe you did something right Knightly," licking my lips, my fingers playing with his hair behind his ear, "your skills are extraordinary-incomparable."

I feel like I just won the lottery when he smiles at me like that.

I'm such a sucker for his smiles. I'm hopeless.

Smiling in between his soft kisses, "Oh, yeah? Try to remember that in the next few weeks. Will try to get away as much as I can, but you have to understand the kind of pressure I'm in at the moment. I have so much to prove to grandfather," he paused as his eyes scanned my face, "just remember how good it'll be when we see each other again-"

"Blake-everyone that knows you, knows how incredible you are-your own investments have been phenomenal. I don't doubt it for a second. And as for your other worries-stop, okay? You're worrying for nothing." I kissed his lips to assure him.

"Alright, I have to leave for Gatwick Airport. I hate leaving you here-," he took something out of his pocket and handed me a key with embossed golden oriental lily with intricate pink and white diamonds around the designed keychain-the size was probably two and half inches in diameter.

I swallowed.

"Are these real diamonds? Blake, this must've cost a fortune!" I stared at him in shock. He simply shrugged, "you're worth it, poppet."

I looked down at it with confusion as I traced the lily with my finger. Sometimes I tend to forget how loaded Blake is-this keychain cost probably a fraction to his shaving paraphernalia-but still. We haven't properly dated yet.

He knew I loved this particular type of lily. The intoxicating perfumed smell and the contrasting colors of pinks were too beautiful to explain. My insides swelled from the thought that he could remember insignificant details about me.

"This is the spare key to my apartment-I already informed the lobby about you. It's is your second home now-I've been meaning to give this to you since you gave me yours, but didn't get the chance to. I know how much you love this particular kind of lily-so, I thought it would be a nice reminder when you see it-hoped that you'll think of me"

"Thank you!-it's very sweet and thoughtful gesture-but I don't need a reminder of you, Blake...I think of you all the time."

"Good to know because you're in mine-every second," getting up and kissing me one last time, said our goodbyes and left for the airport.

The apartment was silent without him in it. I took the pillow he slept on last night and inhaled his scent, lemons and the smell of his intoxicating skin. Maybe I should take the pillow with me when I go. Tempting.

I miss him already.

Grazing my fingertip on the lily keychain, I flipped it over and surprised that he had in engraved.

Cradling it on my palm as I read it slowly,

"And one by one the nights between our separated cities are joined to the night that unites us."

I'll be thinking of you, poppet.

It was a quote by the famous Pablo Neruda, one of my favored poets. My heart thudded as I traced the engraving. He remembers everything that I like! With his razor-sharp brilliant mind I'm not surprised that he did.

But the thought of him making an effort was a major deal.

Bubble of happiness speared and coursed through my body.

He thinks of everything-and so far, I'm putty in his hands.

He just knows how to put a smile on my face.

Twenty-four

Three days has passed and I'm still high on Blake and I don't want to ever get off it. It's even better than a triple chocolate cake and creme brulee put together. Though I'm sure if you put them all together, I would devour them all with gusto.

We've been relentlessly calling and texting each other. With the permit problem fixed, there's so much to be done. His schedule's punishing, but he still made time and calls me every night before he goes to bed. Sweet, isn't it?

Walking on cloud nine as I entered the restaurant where I'm meeting Kyle for lunch. It was a block away from school so I saying no when he invited for lunch was not an option.He was already seated and he stood up as I approached him.

Dark circles gone, his face bright and handsome as ever. He's wearing his usual get-up, jeans, shirt and his rugged Timberland boots.

He looked well. I'm glad that his transition in the office worked out fine.

"How are you, baby?" he kissed my cheek before I sat down. Kyle always called me baby, even before we started dating. There's some odd sense of security knowing that he's here with me. I suppose it's because he was a big part of me growing up.

"I'm good! What about you? How's work?" I asked before taking a sip of water.

"What's this?" pointing at the folded flyer in my hand. He took it, long manly fingers pried it opened.

"You're looking for a job? Why didn't you say so?" He peered at me as he popped an olive.

I was staring at his mouth. Looking away a little embarrassed.

Damn, he's still cute and sexy to boot. Are these normal reactions to your still-hot looking ex? I suppose so. I mean, it was merely a month ago since that mouth went downtown with my body.

"I don't know what I want yet. Have to see what's available. But I want to work somewhere challenging, you know, a job that I can learn from and apply later on in life."

"Well, why didn't you say? I'm interviewing for an assistant," smiling widely at me.

"You're joking, right? Why would you need an assistant, Kyle?" He usually does is own thing.

"Hey! Don't underestimate my abilities-but you know I've been working for the company ever since I was sixteen. I've earned my position. All I'm saying is that I have a spot available-if you're not interested-too bad," slightly shrugging as he devoured another olive.

"Sorry-I wasn't underestimating your abilities-I was just surprised. Climbing up the ladder hmm? I'm happy for you. But as you can see, my class schedule is a little crazy. I don't see how that can work."

The waiter took our order and placed a bottle of red wine, breadsticks and olives on the table. Kyle poured wine in our wine glasses. I munched on the olives and breadsticks.

I'm famished.

"The schedule's going to be flexible. You will be working more at night when I scout during gigs or talk to bands during shifts. You only have to go to the office once or twice a week to do some paperwork-other than that- you can send emails through your phone when I need you to get some things done."

"Hmmm, are you sure you want me as you assistant, Kyle?" arching my brow at him, questioning his sanity, "what if we fight all the time? What then?"

"Baby-you forget that it's me you're dealing with. For years, I've dealt with your PMS and you're mood swings," I choked on my olive, but he kept going, "took care of you when you're sick, taught you how to drive, held your hair as you puked your guts out on the toilet-need I say more?"

"Fine-I got it-when do you want me to start?" smirking up a smile. Wonder how it's like working with Kyle. He's passionate about his job and I admire that.

"How does Friday night sound? I need to check out a band that's playing in Camden."

"Fridays sounds bueno! Try not to be such a slave driver, okay?"

I can't wait to start work. I've always wondered how it'll be working behind the scenes, the process, the thrill of signing a great band and I'm dying to know.

"I'll definitely try not to work you to the ground baby" he murmured softly. I wonder if Blake would be bothered that he calls me 'baby'?

Our food arrived and our conversation steered to his job and what he's been up to. Stories flowed and we chatted about the people we knew back home.

He's easy going personality made it easy for me to comfortable with him again. If we continue with this kind of progression, our friendship will bounce back in no time. I'm confident that it will.

We parted after our lunch date and I had to scurry to The National Gallery Museum to meet my class. Today, we're learning about Botticelli and his work. I'm energized and psyched that I get to study it close-up. Last week, I was awestruck with the works of Jan van Ecyk. Especially with the 'Arnolfini Marriage' illusionism painting, it was simply unique and his perfect execution of geometrical points and perception was outstanding. Not to mention his application on the reversed reflection on the mirror with immaculate detail rendered me in amazement. His one-of-a-kind depiction of lighting made it extraordinary.

I was intrigued and enraptured.

Our class is small with twenty students who are all eager to learn about art and its history. When I got there, the class gathered at the far end of Trafalgar Square as our teacher, Mrs. Samantha Collins, checked her roster. She's a charming British lady who talks animatedly with passionate alacrity for anything and everything art. Some people have the zeal for it and others who are simply apathetic about the subject. I, for one, liked to be absorbed in the artist's craftiness and mastery.

Their execution of their imagination in fine intricate detail-was simply gravitating. It's like being transported and seeing it from their eyes. Their hopes, dreams, emotions, their soul-and their very being-are captured from their compelling graphic artistry. My ingenue mind keen to learn and grasp their unrivaled ingenuity.

While studying the 'Venus and Mars' renaissance painting, I received a message from Blake. What have you been up to poppet? Stuck here about to head for a meeting. I'm knackered.

I can't help turning mushy every single time I get a message from him. I smirked when he used 'knackered' a British slang for tired. Still learning their British colloquialism, but it's funny how I tend to use some of them now. Chad too, but he's been here for almost five years. He came here to study after high school and decided to stay after he graduated. He told me that once you fall for London, it's hard to let go.

I rushed a reply. I'm at the National Gallery studying. Btw, I found a job! Drink up some of your beloved espressos. I'm sure that'll help put you back in top form.

My phone beeped again. You were looking for a job? Why didn't you mention, poppet? If you only ever need money, just say so. Give me your banking details. I'll have it wired to you immediately.

I almost choked on my saliva.

No, thank you. Keep your money, it wasn't the issue. I just wanted to see if I can explore more and get to meet new people. I only have school and I hate being idle.

Luce mentioned once a few months ago how Blake would give hefty allowances to his women. It didn't matter if they dated a week or a month, he spoiled them rotten. Apart from his god-like handsomeness, he's like the roman god Plutus incarnate. Squandering his wealth and lavishing his over-eager strumpets, ready and willing for him. He says jump and they respond, how high?

I'm not bitter, much.

Honestly, I can't recall how many women he dated since I've met him. There were countless of them. It's dangerous when I think about it. A speck of doubt is a speck of venom that will surely poison our budding relationship. We're still building our trust with each other as lovers. My mind cannot wander about in unchartered territory of doubts.

With Kyle, I've encountered many instances where women hit on him constantly or 'friends' that will try to seduce him while I'm not paying attention. It was aggravating to say the least. But with Blake, it's like comparing a gigantic lake to an ocean. Overwhelming doesn't even cover it.

So, what's a woman to do? I simply push it aside and distract myself with dancing or a handful of French and Italian pastries. Viola! It works like a charm.

Sorry, meeting just started. Which company will you work for? When do you start? My stomach did a somersault. Should I tell him the truth or skirt around it? He'll eventually find out. It's better to break it now than later.

I start tomorrow. I'm an assistant for M.A.T.T. Music. It's off my major, but such a good opportunity to pass. I'm pretty psyched about it!

I hit send before I changed my mind.

My phone vibrated immediately. Whoa, that was fast. Wasn't he in a meeting?

Isn't that Kyle's company? You'll be working for him? Rubbish. Tell him you're going to quit. I'll get you a job somewhere suitable.

He's not serious? Screw you. He could shove his demands somewhere else. I'm not budging.

Don't dictate my life! My mind is capable for making rational decisions. If you're not happy about it, well too bad-deal with it.

If he's going to think I'll be complacent like his previous women, then he can think again! I shoved my phone back in my purse, infuriated with his attitude. I'd rather get back to studying Botticelli paintings than deal with His Royal Highness.

My phone vibrated again, but I ignored it.

Let him simmer and fester. He deserved it.

Twenty-five

Blake

It's been a hectic day full of meetings, video calls and now, it seems it's going to get even better. Amelia Mendez was in the middle of her presentation when my blackberry vibrated. Everyone noticed, but I didn't give a damn. My mood wasn't to be messed with or they'll end up getting fired. Amelia smiled and proceeded. She's been giving me a lot of blatant come hither looks. She's certainly beautiful, but I've been subtly declining her advances.

I've turned them all down since Sienna became mine.

Don't dictate my life! My mind is capable for making rational decisions. If you're not happy about it, too bad. Christ! This woman's impossible! How can she think that working with Kyle would be alright with me?

I made my feelings quite perfectly clear concerning with that cretin. I'm being rational. I can get you a job anywhere, name it. Kyle has motives. I just want you to be safe, is all. I miss you, poppet.

I placed my phone back in my pocket and waited for her reply. Ten minutes passed and she still hasn't. She was obviously ticked off. I'll give her time to calm down.

It was evident to anyone with sight that he wants her back. But his loss was my gain. I'm not feebleminded as he. He didn't realize how special Sienna was. But I did. I've waited gallantly for almost nine months. I'm not going to let him snatch her away. Hell. The. Fuck. No.

That first night I saw her at Toby's party, I was bewitched.

She wasn't the type of woman I'm usually attracted to-but, Christ, any man would be blind not to be capsized by the exotically golden/green-eyed beauty and her lush curves-especially that toned succulent ass of hers. Her body's just perfect-long wavy mane, c-cups, small waist, and a nice rounded pert bottom. She's the kind that could make a man groan as she passed by. She's lethal to all hot-blooded male in the vicinity.

But the shocking realization after I was introduced to her was that she's not superficial and in fact, quite a sincere person. She was a breath of fresh air with enough sass, wit, and sweetness molded with her goddess beauty.

I couldn't get enough of her.

When Toby saw where my eyes wandered, he warned me to back off. He mentioned that she was in a very committed relationship with her childhood sweetheart and no chance in hell of breaking up. They were in love and will marry someday.

I retreated, how can a man compete with that? Love was anathema to me. I've seen my parents in love but never have I experienced it with another woman.

Yet, I couldn't stay away from her. I was drawn hook, line, and sinker. So, I settled for her friendship. Our friendship flourished and it made me want her more.

We had a lot in common and she was fun to be around-but I had to keep my desires buried when she's near, I quietly lusted from afar. For months, I practiced the art of restraint and placed a harness on my feelings. When she broke the new that Kyle cheated and started to see someone else, I was triumphant and my mind was set to have her.

My plan faltered when she decided to go see him after what he'd done, I let her be. If closure was what she needed, then closure she'll have. Had I known what that visit resulted to-I wouldn't have let her go.

When Lucy casually mentioned that Sienna's back early, how distraught she was and why she was distraught, furious didn't amount to what I felt then.

The impulse to see her was imminent and I made a dash to my flat to get her spare key. I let myself in the apartment ready to confront and berate her. But when I opened her bedroom door and saw her sleeping so soundly, all thoughts vanished.

It pained me that she slept with him, but it didn't change the fact that I still wanted her-more than ever. I had to tread carefully when pursuing her. But all my good intentions of taking it slow vanished when she taunted me in the car, when she spoke in Spanish. I knew the language fluently, but when purred in Spanish, I was flabbergasted. I wanted to f**k her badly right then-but I did as she asked-to wait.

But when she broke the news about Kyle moving here and she needed to help him, I was conflicted. I wanted her, but she was still attached to the man.

That night at the park, I was at odds with myself. I wanted her but I couldn't bring myself to ask if she was still in love with him.

If she was in love, how in God's name will I ever compete with that? I did what I had to do, walk away.

But my Sienna didn't make it easy for me. She had to drag that cretin to the club and flaunted him as he groped her right before my eyes. Rearing jealousy floored me and ripped me apart. I was done for.

I knew then.

I knew then if I didn't possess her, I would be haunted by her forever. They say life was about taking a risks, right?

My sanity was at stake, the decision was done.

That same night, when finally she gave herself to me, something deep inside me shifted.

A soul-shifting change that touched the very core of my being, Sienna did that-unbeknownst to her.

The meeting ended, I thanked everyone as they departed and scampered back to their offices. Amelia sauntered towards me, placing her hand on my chest, a bold move for a bold woman. I met her three months ago when I made a quick trip down here to oversee the new branch along with the new project. I was attracted to her and she easily gave in to my advances, without hesitation. For two whole nights, I enjoyed her body. But seeing her now didn't do anything for me. She obviously wanted to pick up where we left off.

"Senor Knightly, what time will you need me to be ready for the gala tonight?" We're both going to represent the company and she's my plus one.

It's all business and nothing else. She's a daughter of a prominent family in Spain. She's good at her job and she's a great asset for the company. And it didn't hurt that she has vast connections in the country.

"Be ready by six. You can go home and get ready. I'm sure we'll be fine without you for the rest of the day." I said calmly, cocking my head quickly and went back studying the paperwork I had in my hands. She leaned a little closer and grazed my cheek.

Her perfume was heady and I wanted to get away.

"I'll be more than ready for you. See you tonight, mi amor," she purred and sashayed her tight-clad body out the door.

Running my hand on my hair, I made a mental note to tell her I'm seeing someone else. She seems oblivious to the fact that I've declined her offers, several times. But she kept on coming nonetheless. Christ, that woman's going to be trouble.

Releasing a heavy sigh, I went back to my office, sat on my desk and stared at the photo of the woman who irrevocably bewitched me.

It was a picture I took the next day after making love. That night, was one of the best nights I've ever had. She was worth the wait. When I woke up and saw her next to me, I had to keep a memento-to freeze that moment in my mind-she was everything that I've ever wanted in a woman and more. I grabbed my phone, and took the picture. Her hair was disheveled, lips slightly parted, and the sheet barely covered her br**sts. She looked so peaceful and absolutely breathtaking.

Something tugged inside me the more I stare at her. Christ, Knightly. You've got it so bad.

Pulling out my phone out, I checked for messages or missed calls. I got a few from friends and work, but none came from her.

I squeezed the bridge of my nose to ease some tension.

Buzzing the intercom and barked for Luke, my assistant who was hired a week ago in London, to come inside my office this instant.

"Yes, Mr. Knightly?" the composed blue-eyed blonde male asked.

"Can you check my schedule? Tell me when I'm free so I can visit London."

After a minute or two, he came back again with the company iPad and checked the calendar. Clearing his throat, "Next week, you can leave Friday afternoon. But you have to be back early Sunday to make it for your golf meeting with the Mayor and other investors."

"Fine, make sure the pilot knows. I want to leave at four and get there by six. Do it before you leave today. That would be it, Luke. Thank you."

"Good day, Mr. Knightly."

Fuck! Another week until I see her? Fuck!

Twenty-six

"Owww," I yelped back as my tongue got burnt by the scalding coffee. I've been all over the place and my mind decided to take a vacation somewhere in Marbella. The first thing I did this morning was to check my phone the second I woke up. He never called or texted, he usually calls me before he goes to bed.

I huffed, if he's still mad at me, okay. I can deal with that. But what I couldn't fathom is someone telling me what to do. If he wants to be with me, he has to change. I'm not yielding to his demands.

I'm on my way to Chad's studio in Camden town geared in all-black ensemble. Black cami, pants, and pumps. It definitely matched my mood and I'm in terrible need for girly time. I know Chat in all technicality speaking is a man, but he's a woman at heart. His usual laissez-faire attitude would help pick up my mood.

Pulling the door to his studio, I let myself in and called out his name. The main floor was his actual art studio where he does some of his shoots and his touch-and-go penchant for painting. He only paints when he's stressed out. But his main focus, pride and joy, is photography.

"In here, baby love!" he yelled behind the black drapes and I went directly to where he was.

My shoes clucking loudly against hard-wood floors as I walked.

My eyes scanned the room. The first thing I noticed was black. There were a lot of black drapes. It lined the room. The second thing I noticed was his equipment. There were a lot of scattered props. Black chaise lounge, black covered bed, huge mirrors, metal working table with a lot of strategically placed work-man tools, and an all black Harley Davidson Hot Rod sat in the middle of the room.

I dauntingly stared at the bike. Am I going to be on that thing? Or the guy named Troy?

"Like it? It's such a sexy bike I pulled some strings to get a loaner. It's going to be fabulous! Troy's here somewhere," Chad looked around and called out to him.

The man emerged from another black curtain draping on the other side of the room only dressed in a low-rise all black Armani micro-modal trunk. Holy Shit! My eyes landed on his bulging section and grazed through muscled thighs and up again his torso. Whoa, was that an eight pack? I've never seen one up close. He had the bad boy dark hair going on. A little long, brushing over his jaw, unruly but it gave him more appeal and a little edge. Dark hair, chocolate eyes, and a sexy grin as he saw me checked him out from head to toe.

Chad cleared his throat as I looked away embarrassed. Crap.

"Troy Scott, meet Sienna Richards, Sienna this is Troy," Chad introduced us jovially.

"Hello, Sienna. Finally! I get to meet you. Chad's been talking about you," he said with a dark deep voice in his British accent.

"Great to meet you too! I hope Chad spoke kindly of me. He can get carried away sometimes," I said with much enthusiasm. He's hot, alright! But my man is even sexier and hotter, ten folds.

So, stop staring at his body hmmm?

"Enough with the pleasantries and let's get down to business, shall we?" Chad's business voice echoed in the room. Okay, here goes.

Chad directed me behind the drapes where Troy came out of, and gave me a silk-ruffled bikini panty, a small black silk robe, and four-inch black suede boots that sat two inches above my knees (fuck-me boots he said) to change into. He immediately applied heavy black eyeliner, false eyelashes and cherry red lipstick.

Troy was leaning against a table when I came out. I didn't even look at him because I was a little apprehensive with my lack of clothing. He's a model, I'm sure these things do not bother him a bit. But to a novice like I am, it's nerve-racking.

"Okay, Sienna. I want to get a few shots with you first. Can you stand in front of the mirror, cup your tits and take off your robe, please?" Chad already had his camera hanging on his neck and he had a several strobes, umbrella and reflectors all ready.

Holy, Shit! Calm your nerves, Sienna. Just have fun and not think.

Music played in the background, Teardrop by Massive Attack. The beat certainly made it even more sensuous. I walked over to the huge mirrors against the wall. My reflection stared back at me.

Yup! I look like an over-sexed confident woman. Just pretend you are for today. Own it. I can do that, right?

Chad asked for me to turn around as I slowly slipped off my robe. He toyed with my long hair and asked me to open my legs a little wider while cupping my br**sts. Click. Click. Click. "Stare back in the mirror and stick your tongue out over your upper lip, you're look hot, Sienna." Click. Click.

His next shot he had me lying on my stomach with my legs crisscrossed. "Lift your butt a little higher." Click. Click. "Beautiful. Now look at me. I want you to look into the camera with 'I want you' eyes," click, "That's perfect love." Click. "Bite you bottom lip. And look at me through your lashes. Think of lustful thoughts. Give me that provocative face. Perfect!" Click. Click. Click. "Tilt your head to the right." Click. Click.

"Troy, you're on! Get on Sienna's back!" Oh. My. God. Breathe, woman!

I heard him approach. Dear, me. "Sienna, lift your butt again and pull your hair to one side. Troy, get on top. Put one hand on her waist, other on the bed to hold yourself, and smell her neck." He simply said 'okay' like it was no big deal. I'm sure it was to him.

The bed dipped and I suddenly felt the warmth of his muscled body over mine. His covered penis was pressed on my ass as he gently placed his face on my neck. Dear, god! I feel hot all-over.

"Sexual perfection," Click. Click. His breath was hot on my neck and it took a lot of power in me not to shiver. "Kay, now nibble her ear lobe." Um, hell! This is hell.

The minute his tongue captured my lobe, I let out a soft moan. FUCK! "Beautiful guys! Open your mouth a little wider, Sienna. Troy, hold her waist tighter like you can't wait to have her. You're seducing her into submission and f**k her mindless!" Click. Click. Click.

"Change positions. Get on the chaise lounge. Troy sit comfortably and Sienna go straddle him and take off the boots please." I guess I will just have to get over Troy seeing my boobs then. I walked over to where Troy sat, hoping that he'd be chipper so that it wouldn't have to be so awkward, but nope, he's unsmiling as I stopped opposite of him. Tucking my legs slowly on his hips and straddled him. He gave a deep groan. I didn't dare peek at him. "Troy, kiss her neck and push your chest to her tits. Sienna, look straight at the camera and grab his shoulder" Wow. This is intense. I'm going to strangle, Chad. Fuck! Blake won't be happy about this.

Click. Click. Chad went behind me and took a few more. "Sienna I want you to lift your butt a little and plump down on Troy, will you? Wrap your hands on his neck and look at me, love. Make the other men jealous." Click. Click. "Perfect. Troy grab her ass with both hands." Click. Click. Click. He took a few more in different angles before he ended the session.

"Thank you Troy, Sienna. I'll see you both Sunday at four?"

"Yeah, sounds good" Troy replied as he smiled at me. Now, he smiles after the shoot.

I wanted to cover my boobs, but it was pointless. He had an up close and personal introduction to my lady lumps. I gave him a non-committal smile. He waded softly to go change as Chad handed me the black robe. I immediately slipped it on my barely-clad body.

"Thank you, baby love! I knew it was a bit hard for you to do this. But you were fantastic! Behind the lens, you looked like you've done it for years. If I were straight, I'd already have a hard-on just by looking at you." I laughed.

"It was a bit hard, but I'm doing this for you. You owe me big time!"

"Yeah, yeah. Now, go change! So, we can have dinner." I waited until Troy came out before I went to go change back into my own clothing and didn't even bother to take the make-up off.

It sort of fitted perfectly with my all black get-up.

Chad and Troy were chatting like their old buddies. I ignored them as I fished for my phone inside my purse, but no messages from Blake. Does he plan to ignore me forever?

Chad invited him to join us for dinner, but declined because he had an early shoot tomorrow. "Bye, Sienna. You were great!" I reddened. "Thank you! You were too!" I mumbled. I can't talk about with without getting shy and agitated. Ha!

I followed Chad to his loft upstairs. He's making chicken pesto and I pulled out a bottle of white wine.

"Chad, what's up with the soft p**n shoot?" glaring as I poured us both wine. He chuckled and shook his head. "Baby love, it was hot! Troy was so turned on! And you were too," cocking up a brow, "we all heard the moan." No, shit.

"Uh, duh? The man was sucking and nipping on my ear! Any woman would've reacted the same. Thrown a nun in there and she'd have the same reaction!"

Sipping half of his glass in one gulp, "I guess it helped a lot that he's got a marvelous body to boot ey?" Chad sighed dreamily, thoughts wandered about Troy, I'm sure. He's hopeless.

"Well, I suppose his body's pretty great! He does have that bad boy thing going on" ...and not to mention his nice ass? I chuckled softly.

"Guess it's not that big of a deal since you've surrounded yourself with hot men lately hmmm? There's Kyle, there's Troy, and our every god of sexiness, Blake. Must be nice, baby love!" he motioned for me to give him the pepper grinder and I placed it next to him.

"Kyle's a part of my past and we're working on our friendship. I hope working with him will help it recover, you know? As for Blake, he's still too intense for me, but I want him."

While he was making the sauce, he asked me about Blake. I told him the story from the moment we got back to his apartment that Saturday night. "I knew it! Blake's face said it all. Can you believe it? Blake is your boyfriend! How can you get all the luck, Sienna? I feel faint every time I see him smile. How do you stand it? He's such an eye candy! I wish he had an identical g*y twin!" pouting as he fanned his cheeks. Chortling to his cheek-fanning reaction, it's true we both have drool over, Blake! Who wouldn't? He's just uber f**king yummy!

I went over to hug him and promised that I'll dish out all the delicious details to keep him at bay. He bounced like a five-year old.

I sat back on the chair, feeling a bit down, "It's great and all but he hasn't contacted me for a whole day now. I'm worried. What if he found someone else? He wouldn't have to look too hard."

"Do you blame him? He has the right to be jealous. Kyle wants you back and he feels threatened. After all, Kyle's your first. But he wouldn't dump you like that, love. It's Blake we're talking about. You're precious to him, even as a friend. Now that you guys are dating-you mean more to him. If it worries you that much, why don't you call him? He's probably waiting for you."

"I could call him tonight, I guess," I conceded.

"Splendid! Now, that's settled. Tell me, did he tell you he loves you yet?" his question caught me off guard that wine went the wrong way and I was coughing mildly. Uh, what the f**k?

"Shut it, Chad! It's too early to be talking about love. This is about having fun and enjoying my youth! It's just lust not love, big difference there, Sherlock."

In love with, Blake? That's a little extreme. We barely just started. Love is not on the agenda.

"Open your eyes, young lady! Have you seen how Kyle and Blake look at you? Their faces mirror each other. Fine, let's agree that Blake might not be there yet, but he's sure as hell making the trip to 'I Love Sienna Island' a little quicker. Trust me-I studied the guys reaction that night, baby love. They're going to fight over you. Kyle was the love of your life. Blake is the present lover in your life." he looked at me thoughtfully, "but the million dollar question is, if push comes to shove, who would you choose?"

I didn't answer him as he continued to make the pasta because I didn't have one. I went to the living and stared at the window. Kyle doesn't know about Blake, yet. Once he finds out, I knew he'd be devastated. Will he fight for me? If he does, are you willing to hurt him?

I shuddered.

I love Kyle-I always have. I mean who wouldn't? He was my life before. Do I love Blake? No-not that way-although, my body has its own mind when he's around. With Blake, I feel something-different. He evokes something profound within me. This is the intense part that I get scared about. He's too much and Kyle is familiar.

***

It was past eight-thirty when I got back to my apartment and I'm extremely exhausted. But I won't go to bed until I've spoken to Blake.

The photo shoot was interesting to say the least. I rehashed everything in my head as I showered and brushed my teeth. I'm sure when Sunday comes around, it wouldn't be so awkward.

Dressed in my pastel pink silk slip, I sat on my bed and dialed Blake. After a few rings, he picked up. Thank you, Jesus!

"Sienna," he breathed out my name. Hearing his voice, made my insides twist.

"Blake-you haven't been texting or calling. Are you still mad?" my voice, low and calm. My fingers twirled with strands of my hair. Don't be, I'm going crazy here.

"I was giving you time to cool-off, poppet. Have you missed me?" Smiling like an idiot, "I miss you. I terribly miss you. Are you still planning to visit us this weekend?"

"I can't come out this weekend, poppet. I'm sorry. My schedule's chaotic. But hopefully, next week, I can manage."

Letting out a disappointed sigh, "Alright, promise to let me know when you know it's definite?"

"I promise, poppet," his voice smiling. I can picture him with that beautiful smile as he spoke on his cell.

He ended up talking about the galas and other parties he has to attend to for work. He asked me about the photo shoot with Chad. I gave him a cut-out subtle version and convinced him that he had to wait for the exhibition. After an hour of talking to him, we decided to call it a night.

I twisted and turned on my bed, sleep eludes me. Thoughts of Blake, his voice, his smell lingered through my mind.

My body ached for him.

My hand slowly went south as I relieved myself. Thinking about the man who hounded my thoughts endlessly from the moment he kissed me.

Twenty-seven

Since I don't have classes Friday, I slept longer today. Somewhere in between my foggy mind I think I heard Lucy buzzed someone in. I guess, she's having friends over.

My mind started to drift back to slumberland when someone knocked.

"Yeah?" I croakily called out still not moving from my position.

"Morning, love! Sorry to be a bugger, but you have a delivery-a few of them, actually."

A delivery? I didn't order anything from online lately.

I dragged myself out of bed to check where it came from. There were three enormous lime-colored crystal vases with two dozen of my favorite oriental lilies in each vase. I took the card that was attached to the first and opened it. I want you. My face glowing and beaming, I took the second card. I miss you. The third one said I worship you.

I'm definitely charmed.

There was another knock on the door and Lucy opened it straight away. Few delivery men stood there, with a gigantic box of pastries that had the world-renowned Pierre Herme label. Two of the men went past us and went directly to the living room with a box in their hands. The guys with the box of pastries went last. I didn't see a man standing behind, so I jumped out of my skin when he greeted us.

"I apologize. I didn't mean to frighten you. But I'm looking for Ms. Sienna Richards?" a tall lithe blonde with the clear blue eyes asked between Lucy and I.

Um, who is this man, again? He never said.

"Um, that would be me. Who are you? Sorry, you didn't introduce yourself." Giving him a confused looked.

"I'm Luke Scott. I work for Knightly Industries. I'm the assistant of William Blake Knightly IV. I was ordered by Mr. Knightly to come here."

Interesting.

The delivery men started to dissipate and exited one by one, but Luke Scott stayed. He was smiling with twinkle in his eyes. Hmm...

"I think the room is ready. Let's all go and see"

Luce and I shared a 'what-the-fuck-is-going-on' look as we followed Blake's assistant to the living room.

The coffee table was transformed into a French pastry wonderland. Different flavors of macaron neatly organized in a towering pasty stand. Another tower of cream puffs, eclairs, napoleon, small Parisian cakes, fruit gateau, and pan au chocolat to name a few. Three silver platter of assorted chocolates, there's also a bucket of champagne chilling in a silver bucket next to the coffee table and a coffee pot.

My eyes greedily roamed the contents as my stomach growled.

Right one cue Blake.

"Enjoy, ladies. Also, Ms. Richards, I was ordered to give you this" he took a small soft-leather box out of his breast-pocket.

"Uh, thanks. Um why don't you join us, Luke?"

"The company jet is waiting for me in Gatwick actually. I have to get back to Marbella as soon as possible. There was a lot of traffic in Paris, so I'm running late. There's an important meeting set for three this afternoon and its already quarter to twelve. But thank you, Ms Richards. I'll let my boss know how delighted you are. I didn't realize how romantic he can be." he said with a wink.

"Wait-did you just say you flew to Paris? To buy pastries, that's it?"

Goodness gracious.

"Yes, that was what Mr. Knightly ordered. But I really must get going. Have a good day ladies." He promptly left without much adieu and left Luce and I staring at each other.

A shrieking laughter came from Lucy, "Sienna-what the hell have you done to poor, Blake? He's obviously smitten. I knew it! It took longer than expected but Toby predicted that Blake had his eyes set on you. I'm happy that he's making you happy."

"You could say that, I guess. It's just in the early days but I do like him a lot," a bit embarrassed that I didn't tell her myself first.

"No wonder women clamored for him. Look at this! He had his assistant jetting off to Paris to fetch a few boxes of freshly baked pastries for his beloved. Oh, Sienna! It shows how much you mean to him when he goes to such lengths. Isn't that romantic?" she said dreamily.

It's more than romantic. It's downright disarming me. If this was his intent-then his doing a stupendous job!

Luce and I sat as we poured each other drinks, champagne for her and coffee for me. We savored each pastry and compared which one was the best. It was orgasmic dessert heaven.

"How I wish Toby would do something like this for me. I mean, not in the same scale of grandeur-the man doesn't own private jets-but just as sweet and romantic." Did I hear a tinge of sadness? I might just be imagining things. They're crazy for each other.

I took a sip of my coffee, eyeing her warily, "Toby loves you and he has his own way of showing it. Everything okay with you guys?"

She let out a sigh and limply sat back with angst written all over her face. "It's rather been off for the last week. Something's wrong, but he's not telling me. I'll give him a few more days to tell-if not, then I have to find another way." Uh, oh.

"Whatever it is-I'm sure he has a good reason. He could be swamped with work, you know." Trying to ease her worries.

She shrugged and got up, "We'll see. Anyhow, I have to go meet a few of my schoolmates for a project. I'll help you clean up when I get back okay? Tell Blake I enjoyed his impromptu." She went over to kiss my cheek, but I hugged and gave her a little squeeze. "It'll be okay," I whispered in her ear as she nodded and headed out the door.

It was apparent that she was clearly bothered about it. I hope she's going to be okay.

The soft-leather box openly sat next to the tower of macarons. I'm dying to know what's inside.

I jerked it open.

It was a bracelet. A light-weight gold chain designed with oblong gold medallion with a big diamond studded heart and tiny diamond studded B.K. initials on the bottom right.

Huh! Why would he put his initials there? Is this is way of laying it on Kyle while I start work tonight?

I placed the bracelet back on the table and scrammed to go get my phone in the bedroom and dialed Blake. When he picked up, I didn't even let his say hello. I was ready to chew him out.

"Knightly, you better explain it to me and you better explain it well! Tell me why you would give a present with your initials bluntly standing out? This present didn't just land here one the very same day I start working with Kyle?" I was seething. If it was possible to have steam come out of my ears, the room would be muggy.

"Poppet, calm down. I wanted you to wear something that's from me. I commissioned it a day before you told me about your job. Is it possible that I wanted Kyle to stay back? Yes, I do. Do you ever plan on telling him?" his placid tone irked me somehow.

"I'll tell him-but not yet. It's too early for him. He barely just got here. I'm not going to risk the possibility of him spiraling out of control again." Why is he pushing the issue? I'll tell Kyle in a month or so...

"It's too early for him or for you, Sienna?" I stopped breathing from his tone of voice, he was controlling his anger. There was some noise in the background. "Mi amor, we have to go soon or we'll be late!" an accented voice of a woman spoke in the background. I felt like I was punched in the gut.

"WHO THE FUCK IS THAT?" I yelled when I heard him speak to the woman, but I couldn't make out what was being said.

My eyes started to water. Was he cheating on me?

"Oh, so now you pay me with rapt attention. I see how this is Sienna."

"Blake, are you seeing someone else? You have to tell me!" my voice cracked in pain. "Why? So, you can go back to Mattews again? Do as you wish, Sienna. I have to be somewhere important. I'll speak to you later." He hung up without even saying goodbye.

Less than an hour ago, I was basking in Blake's sweet sentiments. How the heck did it unfold like that? Okay, maybe I over-reacted a little bit there.

Shrugging off, there's no point dwelling and crying. I have to meet Kyle in three hours and start work. I just have to busy myself and not think of Blake for now. I'll deal with my emotions tonight.

In a little over an hour, I was ready to go and I still had an hour and half to kill. I went to my drawer and pull the card and key Marie gave me. I'll just surprise Kyle with my punctuality.

Since we were checking out rock bands tonight, I had to look the part-well sort of. I let my hair down, heavy eyeliner winged on both corners, lots of mascara, rose pink lipstick. I chose a hot-pink Herve Leger bandage top-my back was purely bare. Wearing black-fitted jeans that accentuated my butt nicely and a hot-pink suede pumps.

Making a last jaunt in the full-length mirror to assess everything and suffice to say that I looked pretty hot.

Suck it, Blake!

Placing all the essentials in my black clutch, I headed out the door.

Twenty-eight

I let out a slow whistle when the cab dropped me off at the address I gave him. When Marie said 'company apartment' I thought of an actual apartment not a gated Victorian home.

I took out the card Marie gave me and punched in the code on the keypad attached to the wall. I heard a little metal screech and the gate opened slowly. Was Kyle even home? I acted out of impulse and totally forgot to ask if he was home or not.

When I got a little closer to the door, I heard loud music streaming from the window upstairs.

Jeff Buckley, yep he's home.

Fishing out the spare key, I opened the door. The home was decorated in black, white and silver splendor and the effect was gorgeous-a little cold-but still chic and gorgeous. I found the stairs on the left side corner and went to go hunt down Kyle. The music came from the room at the end of the hall-assuming it's the Masters bedroom, I suppose.

I stopped outside the black door and knocked, but no one answered. Clearing my throat loudly, I let myself in. The room was decorated in baroque contemporary with accents of sapphire-colored designs. My eyes landed on the table next to where Kyle slept. My breath caught when I picked up a nine by twelve picture frame of us. The picture was taken a year ago. We were in Zuma beach watching the sunset. I sat in between his legs and took a bunch of shots. I was looking straight in the camera as he kissed me smiling. What bothered me was the fact that I was glowing with such happiness-it was the look of love. I placed it back slowly as I jump from my name being called out, "Sienna?"

I turned around and shocked myself more. Kyle had beads of water dripping on his body with only a black towel draping his lower half.

Oh! Fuck. Me.

Shit! Why, oh why do I put myself in this position?

My heart thudded like mad as the memories of that night in Santa Monica flashed through my mind. I stood there frozen and can't utter a damning word.

"Can I just say that-that top-incredibly does your back justice? You look so hot! I have work cut-out for me tonight if the musicians starts clawing you baby." He strolled to where I stood. His freshly showered smell engulfed my senses.

"I had time to kill, so I decided to stop by and used the key your mom gave me. I hope that's okay." I mumbled.

"Baby, you're not serious! Of, course it's okay-we're practically family." What did he mean by that? Because we grew up together or because we agreed to get married at the age of twenty seven?

"I've never seen you with this much eyeliner. But it looks good on you-very edgy and downright sexy as hell."

"Would it be too much to ask if you can put some clothes on?" asking as I stared at his bright hazel eyes. "

Too much memories for you, baby?" I shook my head. "We both know you're lying-but I'm going to let this slide."

"Thanks. What's with the picture frame? Why did you bring it here?" his eyes darkened as he leaned closer against my ear. His chest was pushed against mine.

"Because we were happy-because we were so in love and the thought of losing you left a big hole in my heart. I needed a constant reminder-something to believe in-that we're going to get back together. We were extremely happy and perfect for each other. It'll dawn on you someday-that you were meant to be with me...and when that time comes...I'll be here...waiting for you." His eyes had a little moisture in them. Oh! Kyle. Please don't do this. Not tonight.

I wiped the corners of his eyes. He smiled widely, "did I tell you how much I love you today?" Am I doomed to be pulled back and forth?

"Kyle, you know how I feel about this. I already told you...please... seeing you like this...tears me inside. It was so much easier when you had Brooke. I didn't have to dwell on much."

"I know baby. No worries, as I said, I love you and I'll wait. However long it takes until you would want me back." Jesus, this has got to stop, "what if that never happens? What then?"

"I know what I want. I'll take my chances."

"Whatever" he gave me a quick kiss and left to go change.

***

The venue was on Chalk Farm Road and Kyle ushered me with a tight grip in on my waist to an empty booth. He excused himself to go to the bar to order some drinks. I guess part of the job is drinking, having fun and skillful negotiating skills.

I hope his binge drinking back in the day wouldn't affect him being around with alcohol and drugs. Music industry's famous for that.

After that dreadful scene in his bedroom, he acted like nothing happened-and I silently thanked him. We ended up ordering pizza and discussed about the band that was playing tonight. "The Cold Conflict" was the band's name. We listened to their recorded songs earlier and I was impressed. They sounded like Lifehouse/Jeff Buckley put together and I was actually super excited to see them play tonight. How great is this job? Kyle's going to talk to them after their set and hopefully sign them on at the end of the night.

The place was starting to get packed. I guess the band's going to be on very soon. I checked my phone for the time and was surprised I got five missed calls from Blake. Call him back or ignore? Do I really want to spend the next few hours wondering?

Pressing the call button, the other end started to ring. The place was starting to get noisy, so I had to duck a little bit lower. I didn't want to go outside since I'm technically working and I didn't want to take advantage of the fact that Kyle wouldn't probably mind if I did take the call outside.

"Sienna thank you for calling me back! I got worried when you haven't been picking up my calls," his relief was evident in his voice and my stomach got the usual flip-flop from hearing his voice.

"Yeah, um... do you mind if we talk later? It's getting really noisy in here." Of course, Kyle's timing was perfect as he slid into the booth and glued himself next to me. "Who are you talking to baby?" he yelled against my ear-enough for Blake to hear in the other end. The violent growl I heard at the other end of the phone made me flinch.

Fuck-fuckity-fuck.

"Baby who's that?" I gave Kyle a death stare. "I'm talking to Blake"

"Tell him I said hi. TCC will be on shortly, you should call him back later when we're done," shouting over the growing noise.

"Sienna-if you hang up-IT'S OVER!" he said with a snarl, but it cracked in the end.

Is he going to be this jealous? We've been fighting non-stop.

"Listen Blake-I'll speak to you later, okay? The band's about to start-bye." I ended the call without hearing his reply-because I might just crack from the pain its causing me.

TCC started to set-up. Tuning and adjusting their instruments. The front-man introduced himself as 'Will' and thanked everyone for coming out tonight and started to play. After a couple of songs, my phone vibrated.

Message received from Blake Knightly, it said.

I opened the text and a picture downloaded. It was a picture of beautiful woman. She has ebony hair and arched dark brows, creamy skin, and striking blue eyes with a complimenting seductive smile. She pose had pure invitation directed to the person taking the picture-Blake. She had a red silk gown on that flaunted her boobs. The formal outdoor setting in the background suggested that they were at an event.

Who is this woman? Did she work for him? My hands shook violently as I read the message attached in the bottom. I guess we can both have fun tonight. How about it, Sienna? She already said yes. She's always willing and eager to be serviced by the boss.

No. no. no. no. no. My head span. I felt sick.

I excused myself from Kyle who was giving his undivided attention to the band. He asked where I was going and I pointed at the restroom sign.

The bathroom was empty. I stood in the mirror for ten minutes just staring at my reflection. My mouth wobbled but I won't and will not cry. That message tore me into pieces but I have the rest of the night to hold it together. If he wants to f**k another woman then I can't stop him.

Good riddance over-indulgent playboy!

A hysterical laugh bubbled out of me. Funny, how it was just this morning he said he worshipped me in that damning card? I attached my hands on the sink, my head bowed. I chanted in my head.

Breathe. Clear your head. Focus.

Breathe. Clear your head. Focus.

Breathe. Clear your head. Focus.

After twenty minutes in the bathroom, I decided to go back to table before Kyle starts looking for me. When he saw me, he gave me a thumbs-up and I smiled at him. The first set ended and Kyle gestured that he'll go meet them and bring them around the table.

I smiled at the platinum patron sitting on the table. Bless the man who knows my drinks! I poured myself a double shot and lovingly cringed when I sucked the lemon slice.

Work face, on.

Smile. They're heading over.

Twenty-nine

The band consisted of five rowdy men. They introduced themselves as Spike, Roger, Brandon, AJ, and Will. Will immediately slid next to me and AJ on the other side and the rest filled in leaving Kyle sitting on the right end.

The guys were fun to be around with and in the span of five minutes we were all sharing jokes and laughing out loud. Everyone helped themselves with the drinks on the table. After Kyle noticed when they were settling in, he shifted the conversation to business. He broke down the benefits of signing with them and the advantages and opportunities M.A.T.T. Music can provide. The guys each had their own sets of questions and Kyle responded each one with great detailed information.

Kyle's pretty amazing in action. I don't know why it never occurred to me to follow him around when he worked back in LA.

"So Sienna where do you come in the picture?" Will suggestively asked.

"I'll be helping with correspondence with your lawyers, managers, confirm bookings for gigs and shows...the usual lot."

"I like that! I like knowing that we have you on the team," he said winking at him.

Men and their constant play at flirting.

"Hey! We're up for the second set in five." AJ, with thick eye-liner on, announced to the group. They grumbled and slid off the booth.

"Save a dance for me later?" Will asked in a hushed tone.

"Sure" I murmured.

Will winked at me before he took over the microphone.

"Did he just wink at you?" Kyle's disbelieving face made me laugh.

"I don't advise mixing business with pleasure, Sienna." Yes, sir!

"I won't. No need to worry about that."

My purse taunted me. But I'm not checking it in case there are more pictures waiting to be opened.

Poured myself a couple more shots before TCC ended their second-set. Everyone applauded and hollered at them. They were pretty great.

The music changed into upbeat dance music and people started to fill the tiny space that was the dance floor. Will came over immediately and we both agreed we'll take a shot before dancing.

Dancing with him was lively and entertaining. I was having so much fun that we ended up dancing to three songs. When we got back at the table, the men agreed to sign but needed their manager to speak to Kyle about money. Kyle was ecstatic and promised to call their manager tomorrow morning and hopefully by Monday the contract will be drafted if all goes according to plan.

Business out of the way, everyone relaxed. Kyle both excused us with the reason of 'work' and needed to talk outside.

The fresh air was happily welcomed by my lungs. I'm tipsy and buzzing quite nicely, just what I needed.

Kyle pulled me to the other side of the building with less people chatting and hanging about. "You okay baby?" caressing my cheek softly. "Yep, I'm stupendous!" pulling my body closer to him. His warmth feels comforting.

You've really lost your marbles.

I closed my eyes, feeling the hot coursing effect of the alcohol in my body.

Blake. Blake. Blake.

My mind was fighting the images of Blake flashing in my head.

Kyle captured my mouth softly. His kiss was gentle and not fevered or demanding like Blake's. I sighed softly as Kyle's smell penetrated my nostrils. It reminded me of high school, the beach, and yesteryears.

He closed in on me and placed my back on the wall. He cupped my breast and squeezed it-that instantly made me snap my eyes open.

Don't do this to yourself. Walk away before it gets messier.

Think. Brain. Think.

I placed a hand on Kyle's chest, "I can't do this with you right now. I'm sorry. We'll talk about it soon, but not tonight."

"Does it have anything to do with Blake?" grinding his teeth so loudly, it made me cringe.

"Possibly. I'll call you okay? I'm going to go home. I don't feel too good."

Kissing him on the cheek, he pulled me and gave me a tight hug and told me again how much he loved me. He wanted to get me a cab, but I convinced him I needed a minute or two to clear my head. He finally agreed and went back inside where TCC was waiting for him to party with them.

Leaning against the building, I closed my eyes.

How about I just go home and wallow? Maybe I can drink myself to sleep-then I wouldn't have to think at all.

"Sienna-is that you? It is you-what's wrong? Did that man do something to get you upset?" my eyes flickered to life looking who owned that voice, it didn't sound familiar to me.

"It's Troy from Chad's photo shoot Thursday?" Oh, yeah.

"Hey! Fancy seeing you here!-and no that man didn't get me upset! Just so much going on with life, that's all," I looked down and studied my black lacquered finger nails.

"Let's get you some good food then you can spill your problems, deal?" Boy that made me smile, "you're crazy! Go back to your friends Troy."

"I'm not leaving you when you're sad. Let's walk to the place. It's only a couple of blocks and you can make a decision then if you want to go in or not, how's that sound?"

"Okay deal" He doesn't even know me and yet he's willing to listen to my problems? That's odd-and unexpectedly very sweet of him.

We were both consumed with our own thoughts as we walked. He stopped outside a pub, hands in his pockets, "what's it going to be, Sienna?

"What the hell. I don't want go home this early anyway"

We ordered hamburger sliders, fish and chips, beer for him and margarita for me. I didn't realize how hungry I was after the food was set on the table. We talked, ate a bit, drank some, and talked some more.

I learned that he's recently divorced-six months ago. His wife cheated and he caught them in action in their marital home. He's probably still hurting too. Being cheated on can be traumatizing and not to mention the big dent on your ego and self-esteem.

Since he spilled his own secrets, I spilled mine. I gave him the cut-out edition of Kyle cheating, Blake sweeping in, Kyle moving, Blake going ballistic and the beat goes on.

"Do what makes you happy Sienna. No one knows what that is except you."

"I know." I smiled, nudging him lightly on the arm.

Before I knew it, the time was hitting half past one. He insisted to take me home since I drank three more margaritas.

We took a cab back to my flat, he asked for the driver to wait for a few minutes. He insisted that he see me to my apartment door not the building entrance. We rode the elevator silently and checked him out for the first time tonight. He was wearing a leather jacket and jeans. He was very good-looking, why did his wife had to screw around? He's one of the good guys.

Stepping out the elevator, we stopped outside my door as I fished for my keys. "Thank you for tonight. You really made my night. When you're feeling down and out, I'll take you out for beer, fish and chips, and sliders to make you feel better." He chuckled softly.

I slid the key and opened the door ajar. He handed me his phone.

"Program your digits-in case I'd take you up on that offer" I stifled a laugh as I punched my information in. I put my name down as 'Sexiness is Sienna' and we both laughed when he saw what I did.

He kissed my cheek softly and left.

Thirty

My throat was dry and I'm parched, the wonderful effects of alcohol. Oh heck! It's dark and I'm too drunk to flick the switch.

Water. I need water.

I waded to the kitchen and poured myself a tall glass of water. My phone vibrated.

Oh, hell.

I went to flick the light switch in the kitchen as I located my phone.

Kyle.

"Hello?"

"Did you get home safe? Why did it take you this long to pick up?"

Honestly, I'm not in the mood to explain anything. "Sorry to make you worry buster, but I just got home."

"What, just right now? Where the heck have you been?"

"Out with a friend-listen, I'll call you tomorrow. Sleep. Going to sleep now. Peace." I mumbled.

Who explains when you're drunk, anyway? Hangover's going to be a bee-otch tomorrow.

I swallowed the rest of my water and slammed the glass down on the counter.

"Having the time of your life?" a deep voice came out somewhere in the darkened section of the living room I jumped shrieking. Blake came out of the darkened room.

Oh, for the love of God! Did he have to come here wearing his tux? He looked like what dreams were made of...and that woman probably enjoyed him quite thoroughly too. The thought made me want to puke.

"For crying out loud, what is it with you brooding and scaring people about their wits? How long have you been waiting?"

"I've been here for about three hours waiting for you to get home. Who was the man outside the door? He's British certainly-not Matthews," Says the observant man.

Where does he get the nerve to just barge in here after what he put me through tonight?

"None of your business" I said dead-panned and turned to flee wanting the security of my room. He yanked my arm and cornered me on the kitchen counter. Oh my, he smells extra delicious tonight. My drunken body's already betraying me.

"What the hell are you wearing? Do you see how bare you back is?"

"WHO CARES ANYMORE? Go back to where you came from and LEAVE ME ALONE," I screeched at him while trying to free my arm away from his titanium like hold.

"No"

"What do you mean 'no'? Go back to that wretched woman in the picture. Go f**k each other's brains out until you both can't walk anymore. I. Don't. Care!"

"What did you do with that man, Sienna?" I stared him down, not willing to answer his question. "Fucking answer me!" I kept still. I'm not going to. That picture and message he sent tonight wrecked havoc in my thoughts. Images of him kissing her and touching her body the way he did mine-caused my stomach to freefall.

I'm too drunk to be doing this.

I'm so drained from all the drama that's causing my life-my sanity teetering at the edge of a cliff.

When I tried to pull my hand away this time, he let me go. I sprinted to my room and sat on the bed, slightly shaken.

Why did he have to show up here? To continue this farce after he slept with someone else? My lips wobbled. I bit it-hard-until I tasted blood.

I felt him watch me from the doorway. He was at the foot of my bed in a few strides, lowered himself and sat on his heel and placed his hands on my knees.

I shivered.

"Please-" he whispered, voice heavy-anguished. With one word, all of my erected barriers fell apart.

"Explain that message"

If it was another man, I would've just shut the door on his face. He never fails to get under my skin, past my defense. He knocks them down until I'm barefaced and unmasked.

"That was immature-I admit that. It was wrong of me to inflict the kind of pain your association with your ex is causing. But thoughts of you with him didn't stop-when I heard his voice in the background-it pulled the trigger. I was livid, delirious-unhinged with anger. I slept with Amelia few months ago-" my heart literally stopped beating.

Oh, no. Don't do this to me. I tried to move, but he was like steel-holding me in place. I'm stuck facing him.

"I have never touched another woman after you became mine-I swear on my dead parents. I would never-ever-do that to you. You make me so happy-I get paranoid thinking that I would lose you to someone else-it's terrifying. Forgive my offenses-my weaknesses-my failings-my flaws. I only ever want is to be with you."

I jerked his arm and lightly shook him. "Promise me-you won't hurt me that way again-I don't think I can get past and forgive you if you do." He got up and sat next to me and pulled me in his lap cradling my body.

"I give you my word-I promise it won't happen again. Today's been hell and I couldn't go through it anymore if I didn't see you. I immediately left the event an hour after I got there and flew straight to you. I'm glad that I did. I'm sorry, poppet..." I placed my hands on the back of his skull and pulled his lips to mine.

The boiling fevered kisses that I yearned for so many days turned into reality-and boy, aren't they even better. I've never hungered for any other man like this. His kisses lights me on fire. My body can't get enough of him. I shifted straddling his hips and rubbed myself on him as our kisses became violent and uncontrollable.

Blake...show me...need me...love me... my thoughts spun as we groaned together as he grounded my hips tighter to his.

The body was freefalling into the abyss as his hands became urgent. I drastically wrenched my hands from the back of his head and tugged the ends of my fitted bandage top.

"...I want....more..." I don't know what I meant by that, my emotions are all over the place. Since when did I want more?

We took off our clothes in such a drastic haste until we were skin to skin. Every touch made me weaken. He circled my waist and lowered me on the sheets, his body covering mine. The room was dark but the streaks of light through the windows beamed enough to clearly see his face.

Our faces were inches apart as we stared at each other. By the way we were looking at each other-one can tell there's more going on here. But I couldn't speak. I was afraid of what will come out of my mouth-and I don't think I'm ready to commit myself this quickly-but at the same time-I can't seem to control how I react to him.

I can't fall for him-it will end me. But you did and you do already, stop denying it. My thoughts rammed into realization.

I love him and I didn't even know I was falling in love.

His impassioned eyes zeroed on mine.

Fuck! Don't let him see it. Please.

"Sienna..." Blake said in a husky voice. But what bothered me was how he said my name. It was loaded with meaning.

He kissed me slowly and passionately. Gone was the man who wanted me with wild abandon. Gone was the man who roughly handled me like a savage animal that couldn't survive if he didn't get inside me any sooner. The man tonight was soft and gentle. His fevered kisses remained intense but it was tender, unguarded. He kissed my body with thorough tenderness and when his tongue touched my slick folds-his eyes never left my face as I came apart in his mouth. He took his time as he kissed my stomach and slowly made his way to my br**sts-fondling-sucking and biting.

With his body ensconced over mine, he kissed with pure yearning and honesty. My mind shut down and I let my body speak to him as I linked my arms around his neck, my legs hooking behind his back, drawing his body closer.

He broke of the kiss. Our eyes fixated on each other. His eyes drew me in and I couldn't look away as I felt his c**k gently hovered on my opening. His eyes never left mine as he coaxed his c**k gently inside me. He watched me gasped as he filled me in to the hilt-kissing me tenderly as he slips in and out of me with unhurried focus.

He's making love to me. My eyes burned as I got choked up with emotions.

Blake...I love you... I whispered in my head...

I was kissing him lovingly-baring my soul to him. My hands held his ass cheeks, my nails digging into his skin. He went deeper and I moaned against lips. His pace started to increase as I lifted my hips, meeting his thrusts. He pulled away from my kisses as his eyes bore on me-watching my frenzied response to him as he took my body to another level of ecstasy.

I was panting and running out of breath. I felt my stomach tightening and clenching, readying for an orgasm. His body started to tense as he paced himself swiftly. His head found my neck and bit it. I yelled out his name as my orgasm rocked my body out of its foundation. His heavy breathing-hot on my ear-as his hands gripped my hips-grounding my hips to place as his body demanded its own release. He said my name with a guttural growl deep in his throat as his body tensely tightened. I felt his c**k twitch- and the gush of his se**n filled me.

His lips found mine again and kissed me tenderly, my heart contracted. He pulled out of me and gathered me close to him. I was spent and exhausted from that intense love making.

My breathing started to even out and my eyes fluttered to close. His heartbeat was wildly beating against my back as he tightened his hold on me then kissed the back of my neck. "I love you," he whispered against my ear.

I squeezed my eyes. I love you too...

His bare admission tore my insides. I evened out my breathing, pretending I was asleep.

***

I startlingly woke up when I felt the cold air hit my back. I rolled to the other side reaching for him. I hugged his body from behind. I nuzzled the back of his neck, inhaling his scent like a starved woman. I love him...

My hand trailed over his broad shoulders and trailed down to his abdomen. The ridges of his six-pack toned abs teased my fingers, my hand trailed lower and found his semi-hard penis. Damn, even asleep his c**k is still huge. I stroked him gently as it started to come to life from my hasty ministrations.

I smiled. Well, hello bad boy.

I gently turned him on his back as a soft sigh came from his lips, obviously still asleep. I smiled devilishly as I stared at his glorious body. I want him...and I'll be damned if I have to wait for him...my aroused state can't wait for him any longer.

I took him in my mouth-teasing it with my tongue-at the same time bringing it at the back of my throat with determined suction. He moaned. I sucked him until his c**k was rigid with throbbing need and a pulse flickered. I went over to his hips and straddled him, guiding his c**k with my hand and coaxed it slowly inside me. I moaned with satisfaction, my god he feels so good. I recoiled slowly as my insides adjusted to his size. This position made the filling penetration mind-blowing and grippingly intense. I moved slowly at first, my stomach quivering from the intensified strokes of his c**k inside me.

My palm sat on his chest to balance me as the other cupped my breast. The heightened carnal intensity drove me to ride him harder. I felt his hand pinch my ni**les and I growled with delight. "Take what's your, my love." What he just said made me even more crazed and hungry.

I want it all.

Leaning back and placed my hands on his thighs, I rode his c**k with fervent need. My mind shut down as body convulsed around him. I yelped out his name softly as I recovered from my climax. He held me down as he ejaculated.

Lifting my head off his chest, I stared at his delighted face, "Fuck that was amazing. You're one hell of rider, poppet."

I huskily laughed as placed myself next to him and nuzzled the nook of his neck. "You're welcome"

"I knew I died and gone to heaven when I was woken up with you moaning with your eyes closed-enjoying my c**k for your own greedy pleasure."

"I can't seem to get enough of you...I don't think I ever will," I admitted softly against his neck, my eyes heavy with exhaustion. "As do I, my love, as do I." His sleepy voice murmured.

Thirty-one

Blake left early at seven that morning to go to his meeting in New York. It's been almost five weeks since I last saw him but we kept each other updated with everything. I was soaring high because our relationship was growing steadily and I love him a little bit more every single day. I didn't tell him how I felt. I wasn't ready for that yet. It's hard to take it back once I tell him and I don't want that to be held against me.

The morning after Blake left for New York, I met up with Chad and Troy for the shoot. It lasted around five hours and even though I was wearing only skimpy underwear, Troy made me feel at ease as we laughed and joked about. Though there were times in the shoot were his eyes became stormy when I draped my body over his or when he groaned when my ni**les touched his chest. He's hot, to be sure, who wouldn't be attracted to a super hot man like him? But I didn't let this bother me because I knew deep down there was only one man I wanted.

I eased Blake's doubt by wearing his bracelet and convincing him that I didn't want anyone else. Kyle warily eyed the bracelet but never asked about it. He knew I was dating Blake and I'm grateful that he never asked or didn't push the issue. Our friendship strengthened over the weeks and I felt like we were almost back to where we were before. Almost.

I haven't seen Chad since the shoot. He's been busy preparing for his show. My time was consumed with school and working with Kyle. Luce and I barely caught up with our lives since school demanded a lot of her time with projects and applying for internships.

Today, he's arriving from New York and I can't wait to see him. He'll be arriving late in the afternoon so we'll see each other at Chad's exhibition on King's Road. I've primed my body for this long awaited reunion and I can't wait to get him alone. I've gone scouring for a perfect dress for the last week. And I hope I get the reaction I'm aiming for.

My hair was in a high ponytail. I applied make-up carefully with light eye shadow and thick eye liner winged on the both ends. Swiping two coats of mascara on both my upper and lower lashes making my eyes look like a fiery piercing golden green. I highlighted my cheeks with bronzer and finished it with candy pink colored lipstick. Dabbing lip gloss on my bottom lip and puckered to full effect.

I went over to my bed and took the nude designer bandage dress that fitted my body like a glove-leaving little imagination. It was short maybe a couple or a few inches below my butt. The top part pushed my br**sts up giving me a hefty amount of cle**age. I slipped on my nude designer Rolando pumps and skimmed over my appearance on the full-length mirror. I looked good, I thought as I admired how the dress showed off and compliment my figure. I want Blake's eyes to pop out of its sockets when he gets a glimpse of me.

There was a soft knock at the door indicating Kyle's presence.

Grabbing my clutch purse and headed out to meet him. "Coming," I called out as I closed the door behind me.

His face looked dumbstruck as he stared at me. I smirked as his eyes took me in. Hopefully I will get that same reaction from Blake and my mission is accomplished. "Goddamn baby. You look like a piece of heaven." Rolling my eyes, I grabbed his hand and dragged him towards the elevator. "Let's get moving lover boy, I don't want to be late or Chad will have us for dinner."

We were five minutes away from King's Road as the cab weaved through the traffic. I fidgeted uneasily in my seat. Which images did Chad choose? He'll have fifty portraits up for display but said he needed twelve from our shoot and the rest was filled with his other models. What if they looked stupid and awkward?

I grunted my frustrations. Kyle reached out for my hand, clasped it with his and placed it on his lap. "Baby it's going to be fine. You're worrying for nothing," smiling brightly as he kissed my hand. The cab stopped outside the gallery.

My heart was in my throat anxious to see the images Chad chose.

We entered the building when a uniformed waiter with champagne flutes greeted us. I took two flutes and gulped them one after the other like it was water. Okay, now I'm better. Kyle only shook his head in amusement.

I looked around me and saw Chad's perfect artistry at its best. Wow, that friend of mine is hella gifted. The images were of a woman at the repair shop as she provocatively posed, bare and naked. Others were of a man and a woman on the hood of the car making love in a cemetery. My eyes took in the portraits. An image of a woman holding a guitar looked captivating. Another image of a woman with two men posing illicitly against each other but it was done in a way that it provoked sexual thought and yet he pulled the look of making it chic. I passed by them feeling all hot and bothered as people gathered in admiration.

It was sex, sex, and more sex.

Sex blanketed the whole gallery as people buzzed with Chad's eye for beauty. As provocative as they are, he made the images look sophisticated somehow and not raunchy. He managed to capture that essence of the moment where you feel like you're there with them and you're watching them in the act. It was beautiful.

"Baby love finally, you're here! What do you think?" Eyeing me cautiously, gauging my reaction. "Chad you're a genius!" "These are quite amazing! Tonight's your big break baby! You better not forget me when you're going global." Hugging him tightly as my heart soared for him. I knew how long he's been waiting for someone to acknowledge his work and after tonight, he'll be the toast of London. "As if! There's no way a person can forget you baby love. You have a way of making people not forget you."

Do I? Huh.

Smiling , hugging his waist, "Who's all here? Luce and Toby?"

"She texted me a few minutes ago, she said they'll be here in ten to fifteen minutes tops."

The gallery was filling up with a lot of artsy people. Where are the portraits of me and Troy? I looked around for Kyle but he was nowhere in sight.

"If you're looking for Kyle, he's at the encore of the show. Come I'll show you," Holding my elbow with his hand as he guided me towards the end of the room and made a quick left. He showed me to another room where it was dimmer and darker and the only lighting came from the ceiling directly to each twelve portraits of me and some with Troy in them. My breath caught.

The images before me were impressively stunning. The woman in the picture was seductive, confident, and in-charge of her world. I was rendered speechless.

Chad placed an arm around my shoulders. "Now do you see what everybody sees, baby love? Never let the past dictate you. Don't berate yourself because you aren't tall enough or you don't have a slimmer figure-you're beautiful-inside and out-scars and all. I wanted these images to capture how I see you, how we all see you, so that you'll realize how special you are. You're a strong woman love, no matter what life throws at you-you always come out braver than before. It's time to be free of the shackles because if you don't, the Brown's win. Look around you-this woman is bold and fearless."

I got choked up as I turned my body and hugged him with all of my heart. "Thank you," I whispered in a wobbly voice. He's such a good friend and I will always remember what he did for me tonight. I will never forget it.

"That's what friends are for. Let's not ruin or make-up hmmm? Go over to Kyle," pointing to far right corner, "I will have to greet other guests in the other room." I nodded and whispered 'I love you' as he kissed my forehead as he whispered those words back to me.

I went over to where Kyle was standing staring intently at my image. I was on the bed, with underwear on and my boobs were covered only with a drape of a black silk sheet. One leg on the bed the other slightly bent above the other leg. Both of my arms were above my head, lips parted as I stared provocatively in the camera. Oh, that looked hot!

Kyle was silent as he took in the image before him. I didn't say a word because he had a pained expression. Odd, not the impression I would've thought it would provoke.

"That morning in Lake Tahoe, you looked-just exactly like this when I came out of the shower. And I thought to myself, how lucky was I? I have a gorgeous woman who loved me to bits, I felt blessed. Seeing this portrait-made me see what I lost again." Fuck, I didn't expect him to say that. That was the morning after we made love the first time. I remember seeing him coming out of the shower and my heart happily swelled at the sight of him. Fuck-fuckity-fuck.

This night is becoming to be an upheaval of emotions. With Kyle's, that I can do without. I feel shaky inside and I didn't know what to say to him, so I stayed quiet.

A squeal broke from another room. I smiled at Lucy's enthusiasm. I kindly excused myself to meet Lucy in the other room and he smiled sadly at me. Fuck, Kyle. Don't do this to me, my eyes pleaded.

I finally gulped air when I got out of the room. I found Luce and Toby talking animatedly with Chad. I came over to join them and we all gushed over Chad. He looked so happy and my heart contracted to see how happy he was. A few people came over to get him and introduced him to other guests. All three of us went to check out more portraits. I chuckled throatily as I found Lucy's face flushed from the images before her. "Sienna Richards," a booming deep voice behind me announced. I turned and found Troy smiling elatedly. "Troy! How are you!" squealing from surprise. I haven't seen him for a month and I was excited to see him. I gave him a tight hug. "Are you trying to give me a cardiac arrest? 'Cause you're just about to accomplish that if you come any closer with that miniscule dress on," I reddened. Holy guacamole! Was he flirting with me? That's a first. "Cheeky tonight, aren't we?"

His gaze followed Lucy and Toby who were watching the exchange with interest. "Hello, I'm Troy. Sienna's counterpart in the shoot," they all shook hands and Luce smiled a little brightly at the sight of him. Troy did look like his usual hot self. He looked scruffy and rugged with his well worn jeans and black leather jacket with a tad of extra dangerous edge when he puts his hair in that tiny ponytail. He's such a badass when I saw him arrive with a Ducati 848 black on black motorcycle. I swooned then. Hot guy and a hot piece of motorcycle-totally too HOT to handle!

When Toby and Troy started talking about football, Luce whispered in my ear. "He's quite a hot hunk, Sienna! He seems too keen on you. Just be careful. Blake might not be too happy about that. You know how he gets." Yes, I did know. But he had nothing to worry about. I love him...but he doesn't know that...yet.

"So, where are these infamous portraits of yours?" Toby asked and I pointed them to the other adjacent room. When they left, Troy moved closer-with a smile that made his eyes dance. Hmmm, what's he up to now?

Amused at him, "What?" he shook his head, "your pictures were really great. Chad managed to capture your vulnerability and your sass at the same time. I actually asked him to print and send me all twelve portraits-in a smaller scale of course." Get out of here! No, way!

"Why would you do that? You liked 'em that much?"

"You just sizzled and besides we looked good together. The chemistry was palpable in those pictures." He said looking at me straight in the eye. My mouth ran dry. No, shit. I remembered during the shoot, I would trembling from his extra close proximity or a moan will escape me when his breath reaches my ear or when his chest would graze my ni**les.

There was a passing waiter and I turned around to get a flute of champagne.

Sipping the champagne soothed my scattered nerves. My back was turned from Troy. He came behind me, almost touching but not, I felt the heat of his body as his hot breath tingled my ear. My eyes glued at the champagne flute in my hand as his voice filtered through the music being played. "I want to see more of you. Think about it. You know my number." With that neck hair-raising encounter, he parted and joined his friends that gathered close to the entrance where there was a lounge area. Ummm, what just happened? Did he just ask me out? No shit, Sherlock.

Draining my drink, I was going to look for my friends when a dark figure across the room stopped me in my tracks. I went over to him, but my excitement halted me when I saw the scowl. "You came!" I stammered.

"Yes, I was invited if it escaped your notice." I deserve his cold treatment, but it didn't help lessen the pain that gnawed my heart. I came closer, cradled the sides of his face and kissed that beautiful sexy mouth of his for a good minute and released him. Ouch, he barely opened his mouth. "You have no idea how much I've missed you," I said as I took in how handsome he looked in dark grey suit. He thawed a little bit-just a wee bit.

"Blake! Good to finally see you emerge from your tycoon lifestyle!"

"I wouldn't miss your debut, Chad. You should know better." Touched from Blake's support for him, he held his hand close to his heart, "Thank you. You don't know how your support means to me. Lover, would it be okay if I steal your girlfriend for a second? There's a bunch of people who wants to meet her"

"Of course as long as you don't let her out of your sight. Men are eyeing her like vultures ready to pounce." Damn. Way to go, Blake.

He asked where my portraits were and Chad pointed where it was as he guided me to where a group of artsy people chatted. They were painters and photographers. Some independent and some worked with famous magazines and celebrity portraits. It was an impressive group and I enjoyed our conversation and they wanted to know if I wanted to model for them. I kindly told them that I'll think about it. After spending a good fifteen minutes with them, I excused myself to find Blake. I passed Lucy and Toby who were talking to another couple. Toby smiled but Luce stopped me. "What's up?"

"Blake and Kyle are having words. You should rush before they rip each other's heads off."

I was about to turn left when an angry looking Kyle sprinted and almost knocked me over. "Baby you okay? I didn't see you. I'm sorry." I held his arm as I looked at him questioningly. "I'm leaving. The show was great. You looked amazing baby. See you Monday at the office okay?" he gave my lips a peck and sprinted to Chad.

I entered the dimly lit room and found Blake in the center of the room, eyes staring blankly at a portrait of Troy and me. "Blake?" I touched his arm lightly. He took a hold of my arm and linked it to his and lightly tugged me to follow him out of the room. Don't panic. We'll work it out. He said he loved me. Why, he did, didn't he? So, why hasn't it said it again?

Instead of turning right to go back to the main room, he kept going forward to where I presume the offices were located. He dragged me to the last one on the right. Opening the door, he flicked the switch, closed the door and locked it. It was a decent sized office with a big desk and a leather couch sitting across it with a coffee table that had magazines splayed neatly.

I turned around to face him, but he was leaning against the gray door, eyes closed, hands in his pocket, and his nose flaring-a clear indicator that he's furious at me. The portraits, of course. I didn't want to argue about that. I did it for Chad and I don't give a hoot if he's mad about it. I love him... I do, but he just can't bulldoze his way around me.

"Sienna-this is not how I pictured my reunion with you after almost six weeks of not seeing each other. I'm being rotten-I know. But I'm being eaten alive with jealousy I can't think or breathe without pain. Was that the man who took you home-the same night where you started working for Kyle?"

"Yes..." I admitted in a soft whisper. "Did anything happen with you and this man? Anything at all?" I jerked my head, "no, apart from the intimate poses, no. Not in that sense."

His eyes fluttered open the intensity of liquid silver dominated his midnight blue eyes, gold flecks gone. The constant shift of his eye color depending on his mood froze me in awe. He's compellingly riveting and spellbinding to those around him. Does he know the kind of power he has over his looks alone? Does he know he can make me fall at his feet with a smile? Or the mere fact that he can slice me in two with a mere glance?

"Are you attracted to him?"

Am I? I swallowed. He is hot, but enough to tempt me away from Blake? No, I don't think there's a man out there that could make me. "Yes, he's good looking. But am I tempted? No. I only want you, Blake. I've only ever wanted you from the moment you kissed me. There's only one you and I'm not going to jeopardize us over asinine curiosity." He moved past me and leaned slightly against the mahogany desk. "Come here" Blake commanded in a soft voice, but with an edge of something I can't pinpoint at the moment. I did go and stood before him, but he didn't even try to touch me.

"Show me I'm the only one. Prove it."

Prove it, he said. "Fine" and I will. I've been dying with ache for him. If playing charades will get him to be inside me then who am I to decline this request?

Gradually unbuckling his belt and his pants, I pulled his boxer briefs down all the way to his legs. When his c**k sprung free from the confines of his briefs, my insides melted from the sight of it and a flow of liquid oozed freely from my pu**y. I knelt before him and took him in my mouth. His sharp indrawn of breath pleased me. Sucking his c**k all the way to the back of my throat and sucked it back up all the way to his engorged head, repeatedly.

His large hand pulled my hair and rasped for me to stop. He commanded me to prop my elbows on the desk and to spread my legs open. I felt him behind me as he pulled the ends of my dress and hiked it all the way up above my butt. His finger traced the outline of the soft lace that covered my ass all the way to my pu**y and rubbed furiously. "You only get wet for me, Sienna?"His tone told me he's still angry. "Only you, Blake," I croaked. His finger drove me insane, my mind totally incapable of thinking.

"Are you lying to me?" What the f**k? How many times do I have to tell the infuriating man?

"Why the hell would I lie to you? There's no one else I want more than you." It's so difficult to concentrate when his finger hasn't stopped rubbing me and I'm trying with all my might to get it together.

A harsh sound came from him as his ripped my thong into two and flung it on the floor. He didn't tease his engorged head on my opening like his usual technique. He just inserted himself with one powerful thrust. He growled, "Santo Cielo! I've been dreaming about your silk tightness for so long-forgive me if I can't control myself. God help me-but I can't stop wanting you." he held my hips tighter and pounded me very hard. His force was titillating and I lifted my ass more so that he can get his fill. My invitation was awarded with another growl. He lifted me so we where both on our feet as he cupped my boobs and used it to f**k me harder.

"Baby...you feel so good...don't stop..." I said in between moans. He bit the spot where my shoulder and neck connected. I yelped from the searing pain his teeth caused.

He pulled out and swiftly placed my limp body on the wide mahogany desk. Hooking my legs on his hips, he plunged inside me again. I couldn't take my eyes off him. He was watching his c**k pummel my pu**y and I've never seen a sexier look his face evoked. I groaned as he shifted his position into a grinding speed. "I only want you...only you..." I panted and out of breath.

His hands held my shoulders and both of his thumbs pressed firmly on my throat. His dominating position made the effect of his f**king even more powerful. "You belong to me. I'm taking what's mine." The pressure on my throat and the pressure from my groin put together simply combusted me. Multiple-orgasms quaked and vibrated my entire body as he poured his seed in my womb.

He pulled me gently to him as placed a gentle kiss on my lips. "Thank you, my love. I needed that." He said with heavy panting.

You can have me that way, anytime. That was the best sex ever! Ever!

I lovingly smile at him, "No thank you! I love it when you're rough and unhinged. I enjoyed every second of it."

"Good to know because that was only the appetizer. I have more coming your way tonight." He gave me a wicked smile and at that moment my heart convulsed with love.

I love you...

"Sounds like a plan but for now-we have to get back before our friends before they start a search party looking for us."

I picked up my ripped underwear on the floor and was about to throw it in the waste bin when he took it from my hand. He bunched it and placed it on his nose and inhaled it. Oh. My. Goodness.

His dazzling god-like smile in place, he shoved my torn underwear in his breast-pocket. "Just a token of this eventful night, amore," his toe-curling voice made me want to jump on him, but instead settled on his lips. Amore, he said.

Love.

The man did speak five languages fluently.

Thirty-two

We've been seeing each other daily. Today's Thursday and he'll be leaving again Sunday. Long distance with Blake is such a bummer. And since he's leaving soon, I decided to surprise him in one of the corporate offices in South Bank.

The idea came when I was walking out of my last class of the day. It was only three in the afternoon and I didn't feel like going home early and immediately hailed for a passing cab. The high-rise glass building was magnificent.

I eyed the automatic glass door wearily. I'm not exactly dressed appropriately for office visits. It's nearing the end of August and the weather's been on the chilly factor for the last few days. But today the weather greeted with the warmth rays of sunshine and succumbed to the impulse of wearing this outfit. A well-worn looking short denim skirt, white cami, and dark brown cowboy boots with my hair down finished my look-a look of a college student no doubt. Oh well, whatever. I want to see him, who cares what people think? I didn't wear much make-up, well I don't do much when I go to school, just tinted moisturizer, gloss and mascara.

Should I call him first? Maybe, not. I want surprise him. I'm sure he'll be delighted to see me. He's been insatiable ever since he landed Saturday from New York.

Feeling optimistic, I strolled to the entrance. It was all glass and black marble tiles with a touch of chrome around the bank of elevators at the far-end of the building. I stopped and greeted one the polished pretty receptionist-there were six of them. "Hello, I'm here to see Blake Knightly. Can you direct me to his office?" She stopped typing from her white apple computer and glanced in my direction. The auburn hair blue-eyed woman gave me a cold stare and mocked my outfit with her eyes and almost laughed at me, but managed to stifle it. Catty much?

"And who might you be? Do you have an appointment?" her condescending attitude continues.

"I'm Sienna Richards. I don't have an appointment. This was a spur of the moment kinda thing. I'm one of his close friends."

"Sure you are. Give me a minute." With a few clicks she spoke on her tiny ear piece and started typing. After a couple of minutes (but felt like forever) she handed me a keycard pass with my name and pointed to the set of floors. She instructed me to swipe the keycard on the elevator scanner and it should take me to Blake's floor.

Her forced face smile made me leave the reception area without even saying thanks. She certainly didn't deserve one. Is that how they receive guests here? It's pretty scary. It's worse than going to the dentist.

I was about to get inside on one of the elevators when a woman stopped, facing me with a hateful smirk. I froze. It's the woman from the text message. That picture didn't do her beauty justice. She's even more striking in person.

"Yes?" hoping my frosty attitude would send her away.

"You should stop this chasing that you're doing, querida. You will get hurt and you seem like a nice pretty little girl," her Spanish accent evident.

"I'm not chasing anyone. I'm here to see my boyfriend. So, if you please, can you move out of my f**king way bruha?" Hag.

She laughed like she had all the time in her little whimsical world. She even had the gall to look amused. She's a bitch with a capital B.

"You are little spitfire, aren't you? No wonder my dear Blake can't get enough. He always loves it rough, wouldn't you say? But he won't be yours for long," her wide bitchy smile in place, "in less than four months, he'll be officially engaged my dear." Engaged? Blake? No, it can't be. This woman's bluffing and plotting her way because she wants Blake all to herself.

"Engaged to whom, you? Right, like I would believe anything that comes out of that salacious poisonous mouth of yours." What a lowlife. Doesn't she have anything else to do other than spew lies and pester others?

She laughed again in her stupid annoying laugh. I'm seriously tempted to punch her and knock the twilights out of her, but I don't want to make a scene. "How I wish it was me. Papa and mama love him. The lucky lady is Camilla Clayworth. He's been engaged since he was eighteen. He didn't tell you, did he? Too bad. Well, it was great to meet you, good luck!" she sauntered past me like she's up for Miss Universe. Was it true? Is Blake really engaged? He never said anything. Well, duh. Start moving and ask the man of the hour himself.

I did as she instructed and scanned the keycard with shaky hand and the elevator came to life. Floors after floors the light indicator on the panel was on the last floor before the 'P'. I'm assuming that stands for penthouse.

With silent swoosh of the elevator doors I stepped out on the carpeted floor. There was another model-type blonde receptionist behind a desk. Are all the receptionists in this building look like they stepped out of Vogue? What kind of a discriminatory workplace is this? A very pretty one. It's no brainer when men in suits gawk and pant with all these hot women around all day at work wearing tight-fitting suits. It's no wonder lawsuits are quite common in this arena.

"Ms. Richards? I'm Larissa. Why don't you take a seat while I page Luke? He should be here shortly to get you."

Murmuring my thanks and left to go sit in one of the lounge chairs, I was surprised she wasn't hostile like the other hellcat in the lobby. Frankly, I was ready for another battle. And I might get this wish granted if this farcical innuendo turns out to be true. I'm not naive to think that arrange marriages were abolished back in the medieval period. These things are quite common with the blue-blooded upper-crust society. And Blake is one of them. I'm sure his lineage can be traced as far back before Christ even existed.

Luke came to greet immediately before my butt had time to warm the seat cushion. He genuinely seemed happy to see me, but his mood didn't rub on me. I was polite, but obviously it was strained. Who wouldn't be given the situation?

"He's just finishing up a call but he should be done soon." He opened a dark cherry oak door and I thanked him graciously.

Blake's office overlooked the River Thames and his executive black desk sat right in the middle of the room. He was on a call but looked up when I entered and gave me one of his signature dashing smiles. I lamely waved back and strolled over the far right floor-to-ceiling glass window and gloomily stared at the view below me. I'm nervous and I have no idea how to bring the subject up. He looked happy to see me.

If he was engaged...then I have to walk away. The big question is, can I leave him? Blake became my life. I lived and breathed him. My love for him did not amount to the kind I felt for Kyle. Blake consumed me, my soul.

I was so engrossed in my own thoughts I didn't hear him coming. I was jolted back in reality when I felt his arms wrapped around my waist. He kissed and nuzzled my neck before speaking. "When you walked through that door, I was just thinking about you. It's a good thing we read each other's minds so well."

Tilting my head so he can kiss me, I sighed with a heavy heart when our lips made contact. I kissed him like it was the last time. I kissed with my heart.

"Babe, can we talk?" my stern voice broke the spell we just shared.

"That sounds ominous. Why don't we go and sit, shall we?" he guided me towards the other section of the room where there's a sectional couch and a bar of refreshments. None of us sat on the couch. I stood behind one of the lounge chairs, anxious. He leaned against the bar and folded his arms.

"What is it? You're being odd."

"Are you-by any chance-engaged?" He froze in shock. His face horrified. Oh, f**k!

"Where did you get this information?"

"From a relevant source-be honest with me-Is. It. True.?" He exhaled a defeated sigh. He weaved a hand through his hair and squeezed the bridge of his nose.

"A day before I turned eighteen, my grandfather summoned me in his study. He told me that the Clayworth's wanted me to marry their daughter, Camilla. When he broke the news, I wasn't at all surprised. The Clayworth's were very good friends with my parents. I grew up with Camilla and it was always spoken between our families that they wished it when the time came. Camilla's lovely and I didn't have that much qualms about being married to her, so I said yes with one condition. The condition was for them to wait until I was at the age of twenty-five. I didn't mean for you to find out this way-I'm so very sorry."

"Have you had sex with her?"

"She lost her virginity to me and on occasion, we would meet up several times a year and go somewhere for vacation. It's been our tradition ever since the agreement-it was somehow our way of getting to know each other."

"You weren't planning to tell me huh? I'm just your little play thing on the side until you get married. I'm a quick f**k for you. I get it. I see everything clearly now."

He rushed to my side and tried to hold my hand, but I bunched them together until they were white-I can't stand to be touched by him. "No Sienna, it wasn't like that at all. I wanted you from the first moment. You've been my friend-don't do this. I'll fix it. I'll talk to the Clayworth's."

"You are a liar. One of the things I asked of you is your honesty and yet from the very beginning you were lying already. How many women have you f**ked while being with me? God! I'm so stupid!"

"I haven't had anyone, except for you."

"Right, like I should believe what comes out of those lying lips? Forget you. I'm done. Don't contact me because I'm through with you."

I was about to reach the door when he held me down with his arms wrapped me body like steel. "I'm sorry-I'll figure a way out-don't leave. I love you. I've been in love with you. Don't do this to us-

I fought away from his hold and finally released me.

"How f**king dare you! You love me? This is how you show you love someone?" my tears started falling freely. "The pain I feel right now-it's hundred times worse than what Kyle ever did to me. This is your love? Well, I DO NOT WANT IT! Give it to your fiancee. I'm sure she'll gladly take it, you lying sack of shit! I regret the day I let you in my life." with that, I left and scrammed to the elevator.

My heart was beating frantically. I didn't feel relieved until I was in the safety of a cab.

Thirty-three

I was still in a shock. The whole scene flashed vividly in my mind. I ordered the driver to take me to the place where I can find solace. I can't be bothered with questions if I go home and find Luce there.

I paid the cab and entered the house with my key. I was on auto-pilot as I headed for the stairs. When I reached the top I saw Kyle come out of his bedroom. His huge grin turned into a questioning frown as he got closer. "Sienna, what's wrong? What happened?" My knees buckled and Kyle caught be before I landed on the wooden floor.

"He's engaged Kyle. I'd fallen in love to a guy who was promised to someone else." I started to laugh hysterically at the situation. I reluctantly followed my heart and look where that left me? The reality of not having Blake in my life-never will I wake up next to him and see him smile lovingly at me. It's gone. All gone and soon he'll be doing all those things with the wretched Camilla.

That image hit me quite badly. I howled from the pain it was causing. I cried-like how I cried when I found out dad died.

Kyle held me like that until I stopped howling from my pain and gently carried me to his bed and covered my body with a comforter. He didn't even bother taking my shoes off. He placed himself on top of the comforter and held me as I cried myself to unconsciousness.

I woke up feeling like I was drowned and brought back to life. I checked the clock on the side table, five thirty-six am. I felt Kyle still holding me. Bless him, he never asked about what happened. It was always like that with him. I like how he never asks and always waits for me to initiate it.

I was just about to slide off the bed when he stirred awake. "Hey, why don't you wash up and I'll make some breakfast? You didn't eat last night. You have to eat something." Pursing my lips, I nodded. "Okay, Let me just wash my face and brush my teeth, then I'll come down."

Padding my way to the bathroom, I looked for a spare toothbrush and found one in the very last drawer. I didn't even bother checking what my face looked like. I knew my eyes are red and swollen. I can't brace it. I just can't bear seeing my face and look myself in the eye. I just might have a nervous breakdown.

After washing up, I took a scrunchy from my purse and tied my hair up and headed downstairs barefoot and with my clothes from yesterday. Kyle probably took my shoes off in the middle of the night. I sighed.

I found Kyle making two cups of coffee. There were two plates with ham and cheese omelet on the breakfast table. I took a seat as he placed a hot freshly brewed coffee next to me. "Thank you, Kyle. But you didn't have to wake up this early and make me breakfast."

"You're talking crazy. That was nothing compared to your usual crazy PMS days."

I smiled, "geez, why do you always bring that up? Either way-thank you." taking a sip of my coffee and took a bite of the omelet. We were silent for awhile until he spoke. "I'm actually leaving for Heathrow back LA today-for two weeks. My flight's at ten-thirty. So I had to wake up anyway."

I paused. He was leaving for two weeks? "You never said. Why didn't you say anything?"

"You've been busy with Blake since Saturday and I didn't want to bother you. It was irrelevant."

"How can that be irrelevant? You should've told me at least. I would've showed up at work Friday and found you gone. What the hell?"

He shrugged. "I honestly didn't think it was a big deal. I just didn't want to bother you, 'kay?"

"Well, we're best friends. You should tell me every time you plan to leave the country. I worry too."

"Fine, okay. I'll do that if it makes you happy." I murmured thank you and took another sip of my coffee. I can't stomach an appetite but I have to force myself to eat. Kyle wouldn't have it if I didn't eat and I can't deal with another argument at this point.

Blake...was he hurting too? Maybe, maybe not. I don't know him anymore. I thought I did, but I didn't. That mask he puts on sometimes never comes off. You never know which one you'll get when I'm with him. He can be deceiving. I was dangerously playing with fire and I got burnt.

Kyle took both of our plates to the sink and cleaned up. I got up and sat on one of the stools that faced him. "Hey, I was thinking...would you mind if I go home with you? I don't want to stay here. I just want to get away for a bit. I can email my teachers and tell them that there's an emergency back home."

"You sure? You're not going to get in trouble? I know you're hurting baby, but you can't mess up with school. You've worked so hard to get here, don't mess it up. But if your teachers are going to be okay with it-then who am I to stop you?" I came over to his side and gave him a big hug.

"Thank you! Thank you! Now, I have to go and pack. I don't want to miss our flight."

He called me a cab and we agreed that it'll be easier for him to pick me up from the flat and we'll head to the airport from there. He'll pick me up around seven-thirty and it was already quarter past six. I technically have an hour to shower and pack.

The idea of going home with him came out of nowhere. But I was glad my head thought of it because I can't stand staying here for awhile after our break-up.

The thought of seeing Blake terrified me. The idea of seeing him with someone else so soon would kill me. I know I'm running away from it all, but I'm not strong enough to face any of my friends and explain the situation.

Thirty-four

The ride from Kyle's house in Hampstead to Covent Garden took half the time more than usual without traffic. I graciously thanked the driver and hurriedly entered the building.

I quietly entered the apartment not wanting to wake Lucy out of her sleep. I hunted for my luggage, unzipped it and lunged it on the bed. I can't even look at the bed without images of Blake and me making love on it.

Shit, this is going to be difficult.

I feel like a walking breathing dead person. There's a heavy knotted feeling on my chest. Every time I breathe it hurts. It feels like someone jammed my heart with a knife, pulled it out and left me open and bleeding.

I started taking off my clothes when I heard a knock on my door. I froze. Shit, is that Blake?

"May I come in?" Lucy's soft voice said against the door. "Yep, come on in."

She walked in the room looking half awake and her eyes widen when she saw the luggage on my bed. "Where are you going?"

"I'm going back home with Kyle for couple of weeks. I need some space-away."

She sighed and sat next to my luggage. "Blake's been calling my phone every hour checking if you came home. He's going barmy and acting like a nutter. Haven't you checked your phone?" I shook my head. I didn't dare check it.

"Listen-I don't know why you guys broke up-and I feel awful that you guys did-I love you both and I hate that it's come to this. He didn't want to talk about the reason why you guys did. Would it be okay if I tell him that you're home and you're safe? The man hasn't slept with worry."

"Yeah, that's fine," my small voice croaked a response. She got up and hugged me. "If going back home will help-then go. But if you're not sure-then best you fix it with him-if there's a chance for you both. Just think about it okay? I love you, my dear friend. I'll let Chad know later on today. Don't forget to let us know that you've arrived safely, alright?" she kissed my cheek and quietly left the room.

My eyes burned but no tears formed. I guess I ran out of tears from all the excessive crying I did last night. I jumped in the shower for ten minutes and got out to change.

Was there anything to contemplate with Blake? He lied-technically. He hid the truth. He didn't man up and confess about his little dirty secret. Was the engagement his dirty little secret or I am? Now that I think about it, he never once asked me to accompany him to any of the events or galas he attended. Apart from our friends, he never invited me to meet other people he dealt business with.

Fuck, the realization hurts. I've always wondered but I didn't dwell on it because I was just happy being with him. I didn't need all the bells and whistles. I only ever wanted him and I didn't care about all the lavish parties he went to. The joke was on me. He only used me for sex. His declaration of love was pure bullshit.

I hastily changed into black stretchy-skinny jeans and a black fitted shirt and black wedge heels. I pulled my wet hair in a bun and rummaged through my closet and my essential toiletries. I jammed them all in the luggage without care. I didn't even bother with make-up and settled with a sheer lip gloss. Kyle should be here in five minutes. I better get moving to meet him downstairs.

I found Luce in the kitchen drinking her morning coffee. Poor thing, she looked like hell from lack of sleep. Blake was so inconsiderate to even bother Lucy in the middle of the night like a psycho. I know he was worried but Luce needs her sleep. Her school was taking a lot of her time as it is. I hated Blake even more when I got a glimpse of her dark circles. We said our quick goodbyes and left for downstairs.

Dragging my luggage out of the elevator and straight out of the main door, I didn't see the person waiting for me.

"Sienna-please talk to me. I've been out of my wits with worry last night when you didn't come home." His eyes then found my luggage, "going for a trip?"

"Yes, in fact. Kyle should be here any second. He's going back home for awhile and I invited myself along."

"Why would you do that? You know how I feel about him. He's in love with you! He's going to take this opportunity and turn it in his favor."

"That would certainly be up to me, don't you think? Stop wasting your time-

"No-we can figure it out. I don't want to be with anyone else. I love you, Sienna-with everything that I am-I love you." Liar, if he did...he would've ended his engagement before I even found out, but he didn't.

He raked a hand through his hair. Damnit, he looks beautiful and sexy as hell.

"Stop lying to yourself-and to me. Game over, so you should drop the act." He swiftly captured my lips and I reeled from the impact of his kiss. After a few times trying to coax my lips into submission, I gave in to my lecherous body. God, kissing him feels perfect...it feels like home.

I love him so much, it hurts. My tears fell freely and we both tasted my tears-but he didn't stop. With a deep heavy guttural growl, he pulled my lips away and cradled my cheeks with his hands. "Did that feel like a game to you?" I lowered my eyes and stared at his chest. "Damn you! That kiss felt more real than anything else in this world. You love me! That kiss just proved that you do. I love you too, Sienna-I can't live without you-will you marry me?"

I gasped and stared at him like a deer caught with headlights as he got on bended knee. He produced a ginormous rock. It was certainly past fifteen carats. The princess-cut canary diamond surrounded with smaller diamonds. The ring was designed in a halo pattern with diamonds surrounding the entire band-the eternity band. "The color of the rock reminds me of the color of your eyes when it gets caught with the sun-like liquid gold. I've commissioned this ring to be made the day after I left for New York. That night-I knew you were it for me. I don't want anyone else. I know everything's been unfolding so quickly, but I wanted-needed you to know how much you mean to me. I love you-wholeheartedly. Will you please let me be the happiest man in all of England and say yes?"

I stared wide-eyed on the ring, back to his face and back to the ring again. Shocked-doesn't even justify my reaction right now.

"Blake-I'm sorry-I can't." he abruptly stood up and grabbed my face with a fierce scowl. "What do you mean you can't? How hard it is to say yes?"

"I can't-I'm sorry." I stammered through my tears.

"I see. I guess I imagined that you felt the same way-but I suppose that's all it was-an imagination."

He heaved and faced me with a stony face. "You'll regret this-because I've only ever loved you-and when you see me happy with another woman-you'll regret it even more. Your thoughts will be haunted by me-the one that got away. Goodbye, Sienna." He stood there for a few seconds before sliding in the Aston Martin, gunned the engine and rapidly vanished through the traffic.

I wiped away my tears and exhaled a long sigh. I did the right thing, I know I did. He lied-I can't trust him.

Kyle's cologne penetrated in the air, letting me know that he's quite close to me. "Did you see all of that?"

"I did. Sienna...you love him. And it hurts for me to say this-but what if you're making a mistake? Don't you think you should give it another shot?"

What good will it be without trust? It's worthless without trust.

How can one be happy with a liar? One who keep secrets such as having a f**king fiancee? Even if I did give him another chance, I would be permanently living in a state of paranoia. I can't do that to myself.

I did the right thing-the best thing. It might not feel like it now, but it will in the long run.

"No-let's leave it at that. We have to get going. I don't want to miss the flight."

I didn't let my thoughts wander to the incident that happened a few hours ago until I was seated as achingly watched the fluffy white clouds through the airplane window listening to 'Lovesong' by Adele from my ipod.

I don't doubt that I will see him again-we do have common friends. It's inevitable.

I may be a broken right now-but the next time I set foot in London I will be a different woman.

One that men can't trample with.

